ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A yellow taxi sits idle at Hartsfield International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia , leaving its Somali immigrant driver visibly frustrated . Abdullah Hagi , a cabdriver in Atlanta , Georgia , has had to cut back on expenses as the economy has declined . "  I 've been here two hours , and you 're my first customer , " Abdullahi Hagi , formerly of Mogadishu , said as he tightened his grip on the leather-bound steering wheel . "  When the economy is bad , people do n't ride cabs . " Often considered a bellwether for consumer spending , cabdrivers and the tough times they now face could mean worse times for relatives living in places like Somalia , where war and famine have made remittances from emigres like Hagi more important . Amid a financial crunch that has many of Hagi 's customers feeling the pinch , fewer fares and mounting bills have not stopped him from sending a big chunk of his paycheck home to his family . Despite a bit more empty space in his hand-stitched wallet , Hagi said he has worked out a solution to keep his family fed back home . He is pooling his paycheck with fellow cabdrivers . Watch how cabbie gets by with less " An informal lending system has emerged in major U.S. cities , akin to an old-world style of community banking that is fending off starvation in places like Somalia . In Atlanta , cabdrivers lend to each other based on need , depending whose family is in more dire straits . "  I could never borrow from any bank , " Hagi admits . "  You take loans , not from institutions but from friends . " However , Hagi is still struggling to make ends meet . "  Should I pay the student loan or should I pay for my starving relatives ? " he asked . "  That 's the kind of choice you 've got to make every day . " "  Lately , it 's been getting harder and harder to accumulate enough to survive and also send back home , " he added , shifting his weight in the cab 's cracked leather seats . "  You try to cut corners in your lifestyle to be able to send money to your people because they 're always in much worse condition -- always on the brink of collapse or starvation . " Hagi and his family are not alone . Figures from the United Nations put nearly half of Somalia 's population in need of humanitarian assistance , according to a report released in September . One in six Somali children under the age of 5 are acutely malnourished , the report found , and food is getting more costly . The price of sorghum , used for grain and found on the dinner plates of most Somali households , soared 600 percent since last year , according to a separate U.N. report . Civil war and drought have made food both scarce and a source of political power . Pitched battles between an Islamic insurgency and Ethiopian-backed transitional government forces have left thousands dead and rendered what many have called a "  failed state " now teetering on the brink of its worst humanitarian crisis in over a decade , according to a World Food Program report . The United Nations says "  all information indicates that the key factors driving this humanitarian crisis will continue to worsen over the coming months . " That crisis , coinciding with a financial one that clobbered Wall Street and sent U.S. automakers begging for bailouts , may leave cabdrivers like Hagi facing the perfect storm . "  You cut your groceries . You cut even the clothes you buy the kids . You cut everything , " he said . "  Whatever you can think of . " There may not be much more to cut . For now , cabdrivers like Hagi are turning to each other to keep food on the family table back home .	U.S. economic woes take toll on Somali cabdrivers Many Somali families depend on remittances to make ends meet More cabdrivers start to lend to each other based on need Nearly half of Somalia 's population in need of humanitarian aid , according to U.N.
CNN  -- It was supposed to be the Copa del Rey semifinal showdown between Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo and his Barcelona nemesis Lionel Messi . But the two superstars , who have scored 77 goals between them in all competitions this season , were overshadowed by a man making his very first start in a Clasico matchup in Madrid Wednesday . Real defender Raphael Varane might only be 19 , but he capped a hugely impressive performance with a dramatic equalizer to ensure his side will travel to the Camp Nou next month level at 1-1 with every chance of making the final . Messi sets up ` El Clasico ' clash The Frenchman , playing at the heart of the Real defense , made a whole host of challenges and tackles to help Jose Mourinho 's side claim a draw from an enthralling first leg encounter . That result looked in doubt for some time once Cesc Fabregas had fired the visitor ahead early in the second half with the Catalans going on to create a whole plethora of chances . Xavi Hernandez hit the crossbar in the first half and had another effort brilliantly blocked on the line by Varane as Barcelona threatened to take control of the 223rd clasico . Austerity gives El Clasico new twist But the league leaders finally made the breakthrough six minutes after the interval when Cesc Fabregas latched onto Leo Messi 's pass and slotted the slotted the ball home . Real , which is 15 points behind Barcelona in La Liga , had chances of its own and Ronaldo somehow headed wide from three yards when he looked certain to score . Pedro should have punished Real further when he burst clear with 17 minutes remaining , but he inexplicably prodded his effort wide of the far post with just the goalkeeper to beat . Messi trumps Ronaldo And Real took full advantage of Barcelona 's wasteful nature as Varane headed home Mesut Ozil 's cross with nine minutes remaining . There was still time for stand-in goalkeeper Diego Lopez to deny Jordi Alba a late winner but Barca was forced to settle for a draw and a crucial away goal . "  These games are always very tough , " Fabregas told Spanish television . "  Considering how the march went the result could have been more favourable from our point of view . "  But we will be at home for the return leg in front of our own fans . We are in a good rhythm and having a spectacular season . " The two teams will contest the second leg at Camp Nou on February 26 . More woe for Chelsea boss Benitez In the English Premier League , Chelsea manager Rafael Benitez was forced to watch on in horror as his side threw away a two goal lead to draw 2-2 at relegation threatened Reading . Juan Mata and Frank Lampard had put the visitor in a commanding position with just 24 minutes of normal time remaining . But Reading 's super sub Adam Le Fondre scored twice in the last three minutes to snatch a point for his side . Manchester United extended its lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win over Southampton . After falling behind early on at Old Trafford to Jay Rodriguez 's effort , United hit back thanks to two goals from Wayne Rooney . Real Madrid , Barca or Manchester United : Which is the biggest club ? Arsenal came from two goals down to claim a point in a thrilling 2-2 draw against Liverpool . Luis Suarez and Jordan Henderson had give Liverpool at two goal lead in London but strikes from Olivier Giroud and Theo Walcott ensured the spoils were shared . But there was bad news for Arsenal after it was confirmed that defender Kieran Gibbs will be out of action for up to three weeks with a thigh injury . Elsewhere , Tottenham was held to a 1-1 draw at Norwich , Fulham defeated West Ham 2-1 and Everton saw off West Bromwich Albion by the same scoreline . Lazio charged with racist fan behavior Meanwhile , Italian club Lazio has been fined $ 190,000 by UEFA after its Europa League games with Tottenham and Maribor were marred by racist chanting . Lazio was hit with a $ 122,00 punishment after sections of its support sang "  Juden Tottenham "  "  Tottenham Jews " in German  at the visiting fans , whose club has a historical Jewish connection . They also held up a banner which read "  Free Palestine " during the game on November 22 last year . Tottenham was also fined $ 13,500 for crowd disturbances in the same fixture . Lazio had previously been fined $ 54,500 by UEFA after monkey chants were directed at Tottenham players during the reverse fixture in London in September . Anti-semitic chanting mars Lazio game UEFA also punished Lazio after their fans threw missiles and fireworks on to the pitch while the team was sanctioned for their late arrival at the stadium . The Italians also received a suspended one-match stadium ban and a further $ 68,000 fine for their supporters ' racist conduct in the Europa League group stage game against Maribor in Slovenia on December 6 . Maribor were fined $ 23,000 for poor match organization and the throwing of missiles and fireworks by their supporters at the same Group J game .	Real Madrid and Barcelona draw 1-1 in first leg of Copa del Rey semifinal Raphael Varane heads 81st minute equalizer to cancel out Cesc Fabregas ' opener Two teams will meet again at Camp Nou for second leg on February 26 Manchester United extends lead at top of English Premier League
CNN  -- When President Barack Obama declared in Tuesday 's State of the Union that a "  woman deserves equal pay for equal work " and it 's time for the nation to "  do away with workplace policies that belong in a ` Mad Men ' episode , " the House chamber erupted in an apparent display of bipartisan support rarely seen in today 's Washington . You saw both Vice President Joe Biden and House Speaker John Boehner leading Congress in a standing ovation . Facebook reported a massive spike -- 33,000 % -- in conversations immediately after the president 's remarks about women and the gender wage gap . Twitter exploded with more than 33,000 tweets per minute . And I 'm pretty sure that wherever he was , even Don Draper put down his Lucky Strike cigarette , stirred his Canadian Club whiskey , and rose to his feet in support . Obama 's soft sell on income inequality But as welcome as this seemingly bipartisan display of support for women may be , it stood in stark contrast to what has happened in the real world . It 's been five years to the day since the President signed his first piece of legislation , the Lilly Ledbetter Act , which restored legal protections for women who are victims of pay discrimination . That law was intended to be a first step . But since then , Congress has been sitting on its hands when it comes to closing the gender wage gap . We need measures that will support women as they increasingly fill the role of both primary caregiver and primary breadwinner in today 's American families . A standing ovation in a joint session of Congress will not put food on the table for 42 million American women living on poverty 's edge . A standing ovation wo n't create workplace policies that keep them from having to choose between caring for their families and bringing home a paycheck . And a standing ovation certainly wo n't change the fact that women as a group still make only 77 cents on the dollar as compared to men -- even less if you are Black or Latina . Only action will . If 2014 is to be , as the President calls it , the Year of Action , there are things we can do right now to close this gap and help millions of women fully participate and thrive in our economy . State of the Union : Bravado vs. political reality Congress can start by passing the Paycheck Fairness Act so that women ca n't get fired for asking their co-workers about their pay . As Lilly Ledbetter pointed out this week , "  How will a woman know she 's being paid less if she ca n't ask ? " Today , nearly half of all workers labor in jobs where they are either prohibited by policy or discouraged by their employers from talking about their pay . They can face severe consequences if they do , including termination . The good news for Congress in this election year is that this issue has the support of most Americans , regardless of geography , gender , race or party affiliation . And if Congress fails to act , the President has been clear that he will . He 's already raised the minimum wage for federal contractors . Another opportunity for action is an executive order that protects employees from retaliation by federal contractors for discussing their wages with co-workers . An executive order may not have the staying power of legislation , but it will move the needle for the approximately 25 million Americans working for federal contractors , many of whom are women . States can also be leaders in creating more gender equity in today 's workplace . Several states have adopted legislation strengthening their equal pay protections beyond what is required by federal law . Additionally , California , New Jersey and Rhode Island are providing paid family leave , and Connecticut now offers paid sick days . These states are demonstrating that change is not only possible , but can be profitable : Businesses have reported that with these policies in place , they have experienced reduced turnover and increased productivity and morale . And businesses need not wait on Washington -- as some are already proving . Many have revised workplace policies to provide flexible schedules , paid family leave and paid sick days to help ensure women are not penalized in the pocket book for shouldering the lion 's share of their family 's caregiving responsibilities . Together we can close the gender wage gap and in so doing cut the poverty rate for women and their families in half and add nearly half a trillion dollars to the national economy . When we lift women , we lift America . But now it is up to us to act . We ca n't just tune out . You see , Don Draper is fiction . But the gender wage gap is very real . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maya L. Harris .	Maya Harris : Bipartisan applause does n't square with Congress ' record on gender wage gap President Obama spoke to the issue during Tuesday 's State of the Union address He said it 's time to "  do away with workplace policies that belong in a ` Mad Men ' episode "
Apple 's latest tablet comes in a smaller , pocketable , gripable , adorable new travel size . But the iPad Mini is more than just a smaller face -- it 's a whole new product with its own killer features and disappointments . Joining the iPhone and 10-inch iPad in Apple 's iOS lineup , the 7.8-inch iPad enters a crowded market of 7-inch tablets . Here 's a closer look at the Mini and how it stacks up against its competitors . The body Applying the patented Apple shrink-ray was n't the only change to the iPad body . The unibody shell is smooth and rounded on the back and edges -- more so than the 10-inch iPad . The lack of sharp edges makes it more confortable to hold in your hands . The iPad Mini is also thinner and lighter than the 10-inch iPad . The device weighs 0.68 pounds and is 0.28 inches thick . That 's thinner than the iPhone 5 . Being lighter means your arm does n't get tired as fast  which is good because the new mini Smart Cover is n't the sturdiest stand  . What else is so great about being small ? Portability . Taking the 10-inch iPad outside of the house can be a bit of a slog . While it 's a great replacement for bulkier laptops , it 's still larger than a book . This little guy was built for reading books in cafes , watching movies in hammocks and playing games on the bus during the morning commute . After extensive pocket testing , we found the iPad Mini fits in most back pockets , from baggy khakis to skinny jeans  just do n't sit down  . It 's easy to hold it with one hand , though some daintier mitts might find palming it a bit more difficult . Toss it in a purse , a saddle bag or the glove compartment . In many ways , this size feels more natural for a content-consumption device than the larger iPad . The competition While the 10-inch iPad dominates tablet sales around the world , the iPad Mini is the new kid in the mid-sized tablet market . A crop of 7-inch tablets on shelves start at $ 199 , including Amazon 's Kinlde Fire HD , Google 's Nexus 7 tablet and Barnes & Noble 's Nook HD . The iPad Mini is different from these devices in a few key ways : It has a slighter larger and wider 7.8-inch screen , better hardware specs in most categories  screen resolution is a notable exception , which we 'll revisit later  , access to the simple and refined iOS operating system and Apple 's vast selection of quality apps and content . It also has a much higher price tag . The iPad Mini starts at $ 329 for the 16GB Wi-Fi only version . The top of the line iPad Mini is 64GB , can connect over Wi-Fi and cellular connections , and costs $ 659 . When choosing , you 'll have to consider how important the Apple features are to you . Is the extra space and Apple ecosystem worth the extra $ 130 ? Avid readers and shoppers might get more out of a Nook or the Kindle Fire tablet , which is tightly tied into the Amazon store .  If you 're only interested in reading , do n't count out the amazing 6-inch , e-ink Amazon Paperwhite tablet . The iPad Mini also has a bit of friendly competition from its own big siblings . Apple is still selling multiple generations of 10-inch iPads : the iPad 2 and the newer iPad with "  Retina Display "  Apple 's term  . That Retina iPad was upgraded last month to the fourth generation with a faster processor and a better camera . The choice between Apple products largely depends on what you 're going to use the device for . If it is a laptop replacement , sticking with the faster , larger , higher-resolution 10-inch iPad with Retina is still your best bet . The exception might be situations where the smaller size is a must-have feature , such as working in the field . The price difference between the iPad 2 and the iPad Mini is negligible -- the iPad 2 is only $ 70 more -- so that decision comes down to size preference and specs like camera resolution . The iPad Mini has better cameras -- the same ones found on the newest 10-inch iPad . The screen This might be a sticking point for some buyers . The iPad Mini screen is basically the iPad 2 screen shrunk down to 7.8 inches . The two devices have the same number of pixels  1024-by-768  , but the iPad Mini just packs them into a smaller space . The iPad 2 has 132 pixels per inch , the iPad Mini has 163 pixels per inch . There are a few reasons Apple might have gone this direction . The benefit of using the iPad 2 's display size is that all the apps designed to work on the iPad 2 will work perfectly on the iPad Mini , do developers do n't have to redesign their products . Also , the full retina display found on the latest iPad would likely have been a huge drain on battery life . We did n't do official battery tests on the Mini , but we did n't need to charge it once in three days , even after streaming this Pearl Jam documentary on Netflix , testing out various apps and surfing the Web frequently . Touchscreen technology has marched on since the iPad 2 . The third - and fourth-generation iPads both have 2048-by-1536 , 264 pixels-per-inch Retina screens . All three of the main competing 7-inch tablets -- the Kindle Fire , Nook and Nexus 7 -- also have higher-resolution screens . If you 've never used a higher-resolution display , you might not even notice . But if you 're already using a device with a better screen , the iPad Mini can look a bit grainy . It 's like eating at In-N-Out Burger and then trying to go back to McDonald 's . What is great about the display is how it fills the front of the device . The edges around the touchscreen , called bezels , are incredibly thin on the left and right sides . Apple also tweaked the software so that the screen is less sensitive to an errant thumb resting on the front of the device . Other specs The screen is n't the only thing the iPad Mini got from the iPad 2 . It is using the same processor , the A5 . This processor is now two generations old , but it also does n't have to power a big retina display , so it continues to feel speedy . There are two speakers for some decent stereo sound  not one as originally thought , according to an iFixit teardown  , and the iPad Mini uses the new lightning connecter port . The cameras on the iPad Mini are n't as good as the iPhone 5 , but they are exactly the same as what you 'll find on the newest iPad . Taking a photo on the 10-inch iPad has always seemed awkward , but holding up an iPad Mini to take a quick video feels a bit more natural .	The iPad Mini hits the spot with its perfectly portable size , but the price tag is high Buyers could be disappointed by the lack of a retina display on the Mini iPad Mini is great for consuming content , but 10-inch iPad is still best as a PC replacement
Mashable  -- If event registration site Eventbrite 's experience is any indication , social media marketers looking for monetary returns on their efforts might get more value from Facebook than Twitter . The company announced Wednesday that an average tweet about an event drove 80 cents in ticket sales during the past six months , whereas an average Facebook Like drove $ 1.34 . The study , which used in-house social analytics tools to track ticket sales on the site , was a continuation of a similar analysis the company released in October after analyzing data from a 12-week period . That study also indicated Facebook drove more sales for Eventbrite than Twitter , although the difference between the two networks ' sales per post was greater at that point than throughout the entire six-month period  the "  value " of tweets increased  . In addition to each individual Facebook Like driving more sales than an individual tweet , the study also revealed cumulative activity on Facebook was greater than activity on Twitter for Eventbrite . People shared Eventbrite events on Facebook almost four times as often as they did on Twitter . The company attributes this disparity to Facebook 's wider reach and greater emphasis on real-world ties . It 's important to note that only a very small percentage of site visitors shared event pages on either network . Just 1 % of people who landed on an event page shared it with their friends ; 10 % of people who had purchased a ticket did the same . Obviously people are more likely to share events if they are attending . Their friends , according to Eventbrite 's data , are also more likely to buy tickets to an event shared on Facebook by a ticket holder than one shared by an uncommitted friend . But whether these trends , or any of Eventbrite 's findings , are relevant to other types of purchases is still a matter of speculation . But Eventbrite is betting they are . "  We carefully track sharing behavior in an effort to help event organizers tap into a new world of distribution for their event promotion , " wrote Tamara Mendelsohn , Eventbrite 's director of marketing and former senior analyst at Forrester Research , in a blog post about the study . "  But the findings apply broadly to all e-commerce businesses , because the foundations of e-commerce are shifting as the social graph becomes a meaningful influence in driving transactions . " © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Study : Marketers looking for monetary returns might get more value from Facebook Average tweet drove 80 cents in ticket sales , average Facebook Like drove $ 1.34 People shared events on Facebook almost four times as often as they did on Twitter
CNN  -- The seesawing emotional highs and lows that infuse motor racing were perfectly illustrated at the inaugural Russian Grand Prix . Lewis Hamilton raced to an easy victory at the Sochi circuit on Sunday to secure a first-ever team title for Mercedes . The champagne bubbled in plastic cups and there were raucous renditions of "  We Are The Champions " from the team garage . But Mercedes motorsport director Toto Wolff brought the revelers back to earth with a dose of reality . "  We do n't forget about Jules , " he told Sky television after the race . "  This is still overshadowing everything we do . The sport is a side story . " The Formula One community had a clear message in Russia -- it was racing for stricken Marussia driver Jules Bianchi , who is seriously ill after an accident seven days ago at the Japanese round of the world championship . His family revealed in a statement Thursday , the 25-year-old Frenchman had suffered a "  diffuse axonal injury , " and was in a critical but stable condition at the Mie General Medical Center in Yokkaichi , Japan . The remaining 21 race drivers in Russia assembled at the front of the grid in a moving show of support for the popular Bianchi . They held a minute 's silence in respect of their colleague before climbing into their cars . Marussia chose not to run Bianchi 's car in Russia . Instead it stood in tribute on his side of the garage . On Sunday , members of the team gathered together on the grid with their sole driver Max Chilton holding a pit board that read : "  Racing for Jules . " Chilton , however , retired from the race after just nine laps with an unspecified problem with his car . "  It has n't been an easy day , far from it , and all the guys have had to dig deep to get us to the grid , " he said . "  It was very emotional with all the support for Jules . I think the team , the sport and all the fans have really done him proud . "  Somehow we need to find the strength to regroup and move forward , which is hard to contemplate right now . " At the front of the field , Hamilton raced to a flawless victory to extend his lead in the drivers ' championship to 17 points over his Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg . "  The car 's been amazing this weekend and I really , really enjoyed the track , " said Hamilton , who won the world title in 2008 with McLaren . "  Russia 's been one of my favorite places so far this year , so it 's very cool to have won the first race here . " Hamilton started in pole position and in his eagerness to swoop past him at the start , Rosberg locked up his tires going into the second corner and ran wide . The German immediately pitted for a new set of tires and rejoined the race in a lowly 20th position . Rosberg demonstrated his skill to make the rubber last for another 52 laps as he fought his way back up to second but it was another impatient mistake that dented his title chances . "  Half of me is extremely disappointed that I messed up today , " Rosberg said . "  But the other half , I 'm really , really happy , because everybody in the team deserves it so much . "  For them the most important title of the year is the constructors ' championship . " Valtteri Bottas underlined his form by taking the final podium spot in a straightforward race for Williams for his fifth podium of the season . Despite the subdued atmosphere in F1 's inner circle , there was a feeling of national pride at the Sochi circuit , which has breathed new life into the coastal park used for the 2014 Winter Olympics and Paralympics . A near capacity crowd of 55,000 fans came to the race , the first Russian Grand Prix in 100 years and the first ever in the world championship . President Putin made an unusual guest appearance at the end of the race , visiting the drivers in the waiting room before handing out the trophies on the podium . It is reported that Russia is paying $ 50m a year to host the race . F1 returns to racing at the U.S. Grand Prix in Austin , Texas in three weeks ' time , while its close band of drivers anxiously await better news from Japan .	Lewis Hamilton wins the inaugural Russian Grand Prix from Mercedes rival Nico Rosberg The Mercedes one-two in Sochi secures the team 's first constructors ' title Mercedes chief Toto Wolff says : "  We do n't forget about Jules " The drivers held a minute 's silence on the grid for stricken Marussia driver Jules Bianchi
CNN  -- The White House is reportedly considering hiring Twitter 's Nicole Wong as part of its legal team to focus on privacy issues , though a final decision on the position has not yet been made . Wong started at Twitter just seven months ago as the legal director for Twitter 's products team . According to multiple news reports , Wong is a leading contender for the position of senior adviser to Todd Park , the United States chief technology officer . Previously , Wong worked at Google for eight years as a vice president and deputy general counsel . Before that , she was a partner at the law firm Perkins Coie . The White House has not confirmed the hire , and neither the White House nor Twitter immediately returned requests Tuesday for comment . The news was first reported Tuesday by tech-news site CNET . The UC-Berkeley graduate is no stranger to politically volatile topics . During her time at Google , Wong was in charge of censorship issues for products such as YouTube , deciding whether controversial videos uploaded to the service should be blocked from certain countries ' search results . A 2008 New York Times article described the work of Wong 's team at Google in depth : "  They decide what controversial material does and does n't appear on the local search engines that Google maintains in many countries in the world , as well as on Google.com . As a result , Wong and her colleagues arguably have more influence over the contours of online expression than anyone else on the planet . " If chosen for the new position , Wong would potentially work directly under Park , who started with the White House in 2012 and is the second person to hold the title of U.S. CTO .	Twitter lawyer Nicole Wong is being hired as a privacy adviser , news reports say Wong worked at Google for eight years handling censorship issues Wong will be advising Todd Park , chief technology officer Neither the White House nor Twitter has responded
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has again cast aside an appeal that raised doubts about President Barack Obama 's U.S. citizenship , a grass-roots legal issue that has gained little legal or political footing , but continues to persist in the courts . The justices without comment Monday rejected a challenge from Charles Kerchner Jr. , a Pennsylvania man who sought a trial in federal court forcing the president to produce documents regarding his birth and citizenship . Kerchner 's attorney , Mario Apuzzo , had argued in a petition with the Supreme Court that Obama did not fit the definition of a "  natural-born citizen " required for the nation 's highest office , as defined by Article II , Section 1 of the Constitution . That clause states , "  No person except a natural born Citizen , or a Citizen of the United States , at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution , shall be eligible to the Office of President ; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty-five Years , and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States . " Kerchner , a retired military officer who describes himself on his website as a "  genetic genealogy pioneer , " argues the framers of the 1789 document intended a "  natural-born " citizen to mean someone born in the U.S. to parents who were both American citizens . The high court and other courts had dismissed earlier , unrelated lawsuits from individuals questioning Obama 's citizenship . State birth certificate records show he was born August 4 , 1961 , in Honolulu , Hawaii . His mother is a native of Kansas ; his father was born in Kenya , which at the time was a British colony . "  A person gains allegiance and loyalty and therefore attachment for a nation from either being born on the soil of the community defining that nation or from being born to parents who were also born on that same soil or who naturalized as though they were born on that soil , " said Apuzzo . "  It is only by combining at birth in the child both means to inherit these two sources of citizenship that the child by nature and therefore also by law is born with only one allegiance and loyalty to and consequently attachment for only the United States . " He said it was "  undisputed fact " Obama 's father was a citizen of the British crown . The Obama administration did not file , and the high court did not demand , a formal government response to this latest legal claim . The high court will often insist the Justice Department weigh in with its views on a particular constitutional issue , or when it is being sued , and that is a sign the justices are seriously considering accepting the appeal . Obama and his staff produced copies of his birth certificate when he was running for president in 2008 , and have previously dismissed questions over his citizenship . Other legal claims on the citizenship question whether Obama was in fact born in the United States , and whether his birth documents are authentic . Among the issues the high court has refused to fully address in these appeals involves "  standing , " whether individual Americans can bring such a lawsuit , by first establishing personal , direct "  harm " or "  injury " from having Obama occupy the White House . Overcoming that legal hurdle would allow such suits to proceed on the merits in courts . Some of the claims of various "  birther " movement organizers insist the president was born in Kenya or Indonesia ; that his birth certificate is a forgery ; and that he had dual American-British citizenship at birth because of his father 's Kenyan heritage and therefore is not a "  natural born " citizen . The case is Kerchner v. Obama  10-446  .	The Supreme Court rejects latest appeal without comment The challenge contends both a president 's parents must be U.S. citizens It says Obama 's father was a British citizen
CNN  -- Glasgow Rangers won their 53rd Scottish title and ninth under manager Walter Smith as a 1-0 win over Hibernian on Sunday gave them an unassailable points advantage over city rivals Celtic . Kyle Lafferty scored his third goal in four games to secure the three points for Rangers , who were the defending champions . Earlier , Celtic beat Dundee United 2-0 with Senegalese striker Diomansy Kamara and Robbie Keane , with a last-minute penalty , scoring the goals . It was their fifth straight league win under interim manager Neil Lennon , but Rangers ' title triumph was a formality which was confirmed later at Easter Road . Lafferty was on target after 17 minutes as Kenny Miller set him on his way to score with an angled drive . Smith , who won his first seven Scottish titles with Rangers in his first spell at the club , savored the latest victory which has come against the backdrop of financial worries and uncertainty over the future ownership of the famous club . "  You always feel grateful for the fact that you 've won a trophy and you are in this position , as Rangers teams are a lot of the time , " he told gathered reporters . In Bundesliga action on Sunday , Europa League semifinalists Hamburg were thrashed 5-1 at Hoffenheim . Strikers Chinedu Obasi and Vedad Ibisevic both scored twice for the hosts in the rout which followed Hamburg 's goalless draw with Fulham in the first leg of their last four Europa clash on Thursday and ahead of next week 's return . In Spain 's La Liga , Valencia kept their third grip on third place with a 1-0 win over Deportivo la Coruna as David Villa scored a first half penalty . Athletico Madrid warmed up for their Europa League semifinal second leg against Liverpool by beating Tenerife 3-1 , with Sergio Aguero scoring their third . Atletico lead Liverpool 1-0 going to Anfield on Thursday . A dramatic late penalty from Daniel Parejo gave Getafe a 4-3 victory over Sevilla in the late match in Spain . Sevilla could have taken advantage of Mallorca 's surprise 1-1 draw against Malaga to claim fourth place . Siem de Jong 's early double gave Ajax a 2-0 lead after the Dutch Cup final first leg against Feyenoord . The Dutch under-21 midfielder scored in the sixth and seventh minutes at the Amsterdam Arena for Martin Jol 's men . Marseille are closing on the French league title as Mathieu Valbuena scored the only goal of the match in a 1-0 win over St Etienne . With just four games remaining they are five points clear of Auxerre , who beat Toulouse 3-0 in an earlier match .	Glasgow Rangers wrap up their 53rd Scottish title with 1-0 win over Hibernian Europa League semifinalists Hamburg thrashed 5-1 by Hoffenheim in Bundesliga Valencia consolidate third in Spain with 1-0 win over Deportivo Ajax take 2-0 lead after first leg of Dutch Cup final against Feyenoord
CNN  He might have just won one of sport 's most prestigious events , but it was n't long before Jordan Spieth 's thoughts turned to his autistic sister in the glow of victory . The 21-year-old golfer equaled Tiger Woods ' 1997 record winning score of 18 under par to realize his childhood ambitions of donning the green jacket on Sunday as he swept through the field to become Masters champion at Augusta . An ice-cool display made him the second-youngest winner -- behind only Woods , who was 155 days younger that year -- and only the fifth man to have led from start to finish over the tournament 's four days . "  I miss her a lot , and I wish she could have been here , " Spieth told CNN 's Don Riddell in the aftermath of his triumph as he opened up about younger sibling Ellie , who was not able to attend the tournament . "  But I ca n't wait to get back to her and maybe let her try on the jacket . "  I 'll have to bring her back a present from here . That 's what she 'll be expecting . " Amid all the pressure of playing professional golf , Spieth 's 14-year-old sister provides him with perspective . "  How has she shaped my upbringing ? Well , she 's the most special part of our family . She 's the funniest part of our family , " he said . "  I love having her around . She 's an incredible sister , my biggest supporter . She is somebody who you can watch and then reflect on the big picture of life and understand that all these frustrations in a day , or in a round of golf , are really secondary . "  We would n't have that realization without her . " At the age of just 14 , the prodigy from Texas -- who was named after basketball legend Michael Jordan -- had been clear about what he wanted : his aim was to take the Masters title one day . And he betrayed virtually no sign of nerves throughout his stunningly dominant performance , letting slip only a muttered "  oh dear " when he marginally sliced a tee shot halfway through the final round . Last year , Spieth lost the lead just before the nine-hole turn on the last day -- but he never looked like being denied this time , beating Phil Mickelson 's Masters record of 26 birdies for good measure . "  To sit with this jacket on and to be a part of the history of Augusta National and the Masters was something I watched slip away last year , " said Spieth , who described the reality of winning as "  even better " than his dreams . "  I had a chip on my shoulder  about that  . I carried some momentum into this week and it all came together , right at the right time . " Shown a picture of himself wearing one of the most coveted pieces of clothing in sport , Spieth , born in Dallas , added : "  Putting on the jacket , it looks good . It looks good . I 'm OK wearing green ! " He could n't stop grinning as he said that he hoped to be finishing his final Masters appearance in 50 years ' time , but added that he would "  still remember what it was like walking up the 18th hole today . " And as he looked less far ahead , he revealed that he would be staying true to his roots at next year 's Champions Dinner . Asked what he would put on the menu for that event , he said : "  It would be some form of Texas BBQ . " The unassuming Spieth 's success brings to mind other stars whose supreme ability and self-belief saw them become major champions in the early days of their careers . In 1985 , German tennis player Boris Becker stunned Wimbledon when , at the age of 17 , he defeated Kevin Curren to become the event 's youngest ever men 's champion -- a record that still stands today . Becker said people "  thought I had done something I was n't supposed to do , something that should n't have been possible . But I did it -- and then I did it again at 18 , just to make the point . " American player Michael Chang was 118 days younger than Becker when he won the French Open in 1989 , while Swiss star Martina Hingis was just 16 when she triumphed at the 1997 Australian Open . Last year , at the age of only 15 , Martin Odegaard became Norway 's youngest international footballer when he played in a friendly against the United Arab Emirates , provoking huge media interest and the attention of Europe 's top clubs , before he signed for Spanish giant Real Madrid . For them , as for Spieth , perhaps success was meant to be from the earliest days . And as he looked at a picture of himself with a golf club in hand , taken at the age of 6 or 7 at his grandparents ' home in North Carolina , he reflected on the determination that had put him in the green jacket , referring to another Major winner . "  How about the focus on that swing ? " he asked . "  That 's a little John Daly-like there , is n't it ? "	Jordan Spieth hails autistic younger sibling as his biggest supporter Ice-cool display made him second-youngest winner behind Tiger Woods
CNN  -- Brazilian military police say they destroyed a small explosive device over the weekend after discovering the item in a bathroom near a sanctuary Pope Francis is scheduled to visit later this week . The device was found in Aparecida , where Francis is scheduled to visit a historic Roman Catholic sanctuary Wednesday . It had "  low destructive power " and was n't in an area on the pope 's route or in an area where pilgrims would be gathering , military police in the southeastern state of Sao Paulo confirmed to CNN . The explosive was made from a small plastic cylinder wrapped in duct tape , they said . "  The artifact was sent to military authorities for verification , " police said . "  Security personnel quickly cordoned the area off . " A tactical squad was called in to destroy the device "  without any further risk , " police said . Francis landed in Rio de Janeiro on Monday for the start of the Roman Catholic Church 's World Youth Day . Hundreds of thousands of pumped-up young Catholic pilgrims are on hand for the weeklong festival , hosted by a country eager for good news after a summer of protests . Anger over high taxes , corruption and lavish spending on the upcoming World Cup soccer tournament spurred Brazilians to turn out for the largest protests seen in 20 years . The demonstrations , held in Sao Paulo , Rio and the capital of Brasilia , were sparked by a planned increase in bus fares in June . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff promised to address the concerns , announcing that she heard "  the direct message from the streets " for better services and social reforms . Singing priests revive Catholic Church in Brazil	Police find "  homemade explosive " near site of upcoming papal visit The device was destroyed "  without any further risk , " police said Francis landed in Brazil for World Youth Day on Monday
One man . One woman . Five hundred and one days in an RV-size space capsule . Will they still be speaking when they return ? The Inspiration Mars Foundation is seeking to send two people -- potentially a middle-aged married couple -- to space in a capsule that would pass within 100 miles of Mars . Although no formal application process has begun , the Mars mission masterminds are already receiving résumés and technology ideas from interested people , said Jane Poynter , president of Paragon Space Development Corp. , which is developing technologies for the mission that 's hoping to launch in 2018 . More about the mission Whether the money to finance the Mars mission materializes remains to be seen , but if it does happen : Who would these space adventurers be , and how would they cope ? It 's never been tried before , so really , no one knows . Who should go ? A rigorous process will be put in place for selecting the crew , Poynter said . A man and a woman are sought for the roles to "  represent humanity , " she said ; a married couple is "  preferred " but not required . "  You want to make sure that you start out with a relationship between the two people that go on this mission that is on really solid footing , that they know how to pick themselves up after a falling-out , " Poynter said . Poynter said she and husband Taber MacCallum , CEO of Paragon , are "  intrigued " by the idea of being the pioneers to go on the mission . They have experience in close quarters , having spent two years with six other people sealed inside Biosphere 2 , a research facility situated on a little over 3 acres in Arizona , in the early 1990s . "  It 's always helpful to have somebody help buoy you in difficult times and problem-solve with and to share the marvelous moments with as well , " she said of living there with her husband . "  I think it really helped us be productive crew members . " Friends who have known each other for decades , or siblings who get along well and are comfortable spending long periods of time with one another , would also be suitable for this sort of situation , said Jason Kring , assistant professor at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University , who is not involved with the mission . But there is some evidence from extreme environments on Earth to support the married couple idea , says Lawrence Palinkas of the University of Southern California , who has studied more than 1,000 Americans who have spent winters in Antarctica over a four-decade period . Based on Palinkas ' studies at the South Pole , the most stable individuals and those with the most stable relationships are middle-aged married couples . That works out well for space travel , given that older people have less time left in their lives for space radiation to potentially cause cancer , Kring said . Radiation is also associated with infertility , so the couple should not be seeking to have children after the mission . Prolonged separation from family and friends back home is a huge source of stress for people in isolated , confined environments , Palinkas said . Having a close confidant in space would allow them to share their day-to-day experiences with someone they love and trust . NASA astronaut Cady Coleman , who has logged more than 4,330 hours in space , agreed : "  Often , work that is as demanding as ours in terms of time away from family . think it might be great to be able to spend that kind of time with your sweetheart . " Will two people get along ? Of course , the behavioral quirks and annoyances that you might easily brush aside on Earth would be magnified in a confined space over 501 days . Even in a healthy marital relationship , there can be such a thing as too much contact , Palinkas said . Nobody really knows the ideal size of a crew to travel this long , but Peter Suedfeld , professor emeritus at the University of British Columbia , is skeptical about having just two people . If one of them is emotionally unavailable , the other is out of luck .  As for whether sex has ever been tried in space , "  there are rumors but no official acknowledgment , " Suedfeld said . "  When both of you are under stress -- and these two people would be under the same level of stress , the same kind of stress -- each of them would want emotional support and be too focused on their own problems to give it to the other , " Suedfeld said . In his view , it 's better to have a team with some amount of diversity , where no one background or nationality predominates . The International Space Station usually has a crew of six these days , and that 's worked out well , he said . There are other challenges : If one person were to get sick , the remaining crew member would need to take over all tasks to keep the vehicle operational , Kring said . In Biosphere 2 , which is much bigger than a space capsule , Poynter and MacCallum never got on each other 's nerves , she said ; it was others who irked them , so the couple could "  rally together . " But whether any given couple who goes to Mars would still want to be together after 501 days is anyone 's guess , experts say . Psychological difficulties Scientists do not have data from actual missions to Mars , but situations of isolation and confinement on Earth give us some clues as to how things might go . In the Mars500 experiment , a collaboration between the Russian , European and Chinese space agencies , a crew of six men was locked in a chamber near Moscow for 520 days to simulate a Mars trip . The crew received no fresh food or fresh air and could not see the sun . A recent study in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that most crew members experienced sleep disturbances of some kind but found a trend toward increased sleep and rest as the mission went on . One crew member appeared to live on a 25-hour day instead of 24 . Researchers also noted "  behavioral aspects of torpor " in the crew , akin to hibernation of some birds and animals . In his Antarctica studies , Palinkas and colleagues found that in a psychologically healthy group , about 5 % of people experience clinically significant psychological symptoms . These include depression , anxiety , substance abuse problems , sleep disorders and adjustment disorders relating to not getting along with crewmates . However , most people do well , he said , and see a lot of benefit from participating in the experience -- "  definitely an increase in feelings of self-confidence , self-efficacy -- the belief that if they can handle this , they can pretty much handle anything . " In Biosphere 2 , where Poynter 's days involved pruning shears , plants and a two-way radio , the crew of eight did n't exactly live in psychological peace . Poynter remembers standing in the sweet potato field one day , and "  it was like a time portal opened . " In her mind , she was a child again , having an argument with one of her brothers . Such vivid flashbacks have also occurred to people living in Antarctica , she said . The Biosphere 2 group eventually sought and received psychological counseling via telephone . Bored , bored and bored 40 minutes later ? "  We 've got to select for people that can maintain upbeat and happy attitude in the face of adversity and that are resilient , " Poynter said . Aboard the International Space Station , astronauts often enjoy just gazing out the window at Earth from afar . Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield has a popular Twitter account that he uses to post extraordinary photos of the planet . But a couple en route to Mars would see Earth shrink until it 's a dot among many others in the lonely sky . "  There 's going to be , I 'm quite sure , a feeling of separation that no one has experienced before , " Suedfeld said . Do n't forget the communication delay . A message may take as long as 40 minutes to travel to Earth and back , and there may be times when communication with the ground is not possible at all . If a crew member is having a breakdown and someone on Earth is trying to counsel him or her , Kring says , it will take 20 minutes for a message such as "  try to think calming thoughts " to reach the spacefarer and another 20 minutes for an acknowledgment to get back to Earth . One solution to the boredom question could be time-release entertainment packages , Suedfeld said . In other words , some movies or music will not become "  unlocked " until a given amount of time has passed so that the couple does n't blow through all of their entertainment at once . Poynter said the Biosphere 2 crew created music using the sounds from the animals and machinery in the biosphere . Music-making or reading would be options on the Mars journey , too , she said . Eventually , presumably , Mars would come into view . "  To look down on Mars and be the first people to see , potentially , our future home planet -- " Poynter interrupted herself to let out a high-pitched "  Oooo ! " -- "  gives me chills just thinking about it . " ... And other health issues Besides mental factors , gravity differences in space present a slew of physiological challenges that are n't easily simulated on Earth over long periods of time . There 's evidence that the visual system can be impaired , and the weakening of bones and muscle may occur , Kring said . How the two people aboard the space capsule would deal with these sorts of issues , on top of mental stress , remains to be seen -- as does whether the mission will actually launch as envisioned in January 2018 . "  I 'm all for supporting this , and I certainly am a big proponent of human spaceflight , but I wonder if all of this can be figured out in five years , " Kring said . More space and science news from CNN Light Years	Inspiration Mars Foundation wants to send a man and woman to Mars Handling stress well and getting along with other person is important , experts say Middle-aged couples were stable in research conducted in Antarctica
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- The Greek capital was tense Thursday after the government ordered truck drivers back to work following a three-day strike . Striking workers threw rocks and plastic bottles at the gates of the transport ministry in the morning , and police used tear gas to disperse the angry crowd . The strike has caused gas stations in Athens to run out of fuel , stranding people around the country just as many Greeks leave for August vacation . Bookings by tourists from neighboring countries were also "  frozen " because of the strike , the head of the Hellenic Hotels Federation , Andreas Andreadis , said in a television interview Thursday . Thousands of tourists from Russia , Bulgaria , and Serbia , who are traveling by car , remain stranded in northern Greece because of the strike , Andreadis said . See iReport video of trucks blocking highway traffic Many gas stations have signs saying they are out of fuel , and there are long lines at those stations that still have supplies . The government issued a rare emergency order to the owners and drivers of the trucks to return to work Thursday , saying they face severe penalties -- including having their licenses revoked -- if they do n't . Greece has about 33,000 licensed truck drivers . They went on strike this week to protest government plans to open up their industry and issue new licenses . The government is required to make the changes under the terms of loan packages from the European Union and International Monetary Fund . From Journalist Elinda Labropoulou	NEW : Many Greeks stranded as they try to leave for vacation Athens is tense after striking truck drivers are ordered back to work Their three-day strike has left many gas stations in Athens dry Workers are striking over plans to open up their industry
CNN  -- Health officials in Glasgow , Scotland , have confirmed a case of Ebola . "  The patient is a health care worker who was helping to combat the disease in West Africa " and returned from Sierra Leone late Sunday night , the Scottish health agency NHS Scotland said . The patient flew via Casablanca , Morocco , and London Heathrow Airport , arriving at Glasgow Airport on a British Airways flight around 11:30 p.m. , the statement said . "  The patient was admitted to hospital early in the morning after feeling unwell and was placed into isolation at 7.50 a.m. All possible contacts with the patient are now being investigated and anyone deemed to be at risk will be contacted and closely monitored . However , having been diagnosed in the very early stages of the illness , the risk to others is considered extremely low . " Nicola Sturgeon , Scotland 's head of government , led a meeting of the Scottish Government Resilience Committee "  to ensure all necessary steps are being taken , " and she spoke with British Prime Minister David Cameron , NHS Scotland said . Following established protocol , the patient "  will be transferred to the high-level isolation unit in the Royal Free hospital , London , as soon as possible . This is where the facilities , staff and systems are in place to ensure the best quality and safest care . " Access to the unit is restricted to specially trained medical staff . A specially designed tent , with controlled ventilation , will be set up over the patient 's bed . "  Scotland has been preparing for this possibility from the beginning of the outbreak in West Africa and I am confident that we are well prepared , " Sturgeon said in the statement . "  We have the robust procedures in place to identify cases rapidly . Our health service also has the expertise and facilities to ensure that confirmed Ebola cases such as this are contained and isolated effectively minimizing any potential spread of the disease . " She added , "  Scotland 's NHS has proved it is well able to cope with infectious diseases in the past , such as swine flu , and I am confident we will be able to respond effectively again . " The patient was working with Save the Children at an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone , according to Michael von Bertele , humanitarian director at that organization . "  Our thoughts are with the individual , their family and colleagues at this difficult time . We wish them a speedy recovery , " he said in a statement .	NEW : The patient was working with Save the Children in Sierra Leone The patient flew via Casablanca and Heathrow into Glasgow ; risk to others called "  extremely low " The health care worker will be moved to a London hospital
CNN  -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki wasted little time in booking her passage into the quarterfinals of the WTA tournament in Copenhagen Thursday . The Danish favorite beat Pauline Parmentier 6-2 6-1 in second round action as she bids for a third straight title in her home tournament . Sixth-ranked Wozniacki was tested in her opener against Poland 's Urszula Radwanska but was back to her ruthless best against Parmentier of France . "  I got more used to the surface compared to the last match and that was definitely a difference , " Wozniacki told the official WTA website . "  It was a very different match compared to the last one . " Another Frenchwoman , Alize Cornet , stands between her and a place in the semifinals and a 13th straight win on the hard courts of the Farum Arena . Second seed Angelique Kerber of Germany had a much harder fight to dispatch Britain 's Anne Keothavong , 4-6 6-3 6-3 and faces compatriot Mona Barthel in the quarterfinals . Third-seeded Jelena Jankovic showed improved form as she beat Yulia Putintseva in straight sets , dropping only one more game from 3-3 in the first set to win 6-3 6-1 . "  I think I played really well today , " Jankovic said . She will play Kaia Kanepi of Estonia in the last eight with the other quarterfinal between Bojana Jovanovski and Petra Martic . In the Barcelona WTA tournament , Olga Govortsova of Belarus continued her fine run with a hard-fought 7-6 6-7 6-2 win over home player Laura Pous in the second round . Govortsova put out former French Open champion Francesca Schiavone in her opening match at the clay court event . Second seed Julia Gorges of Germany also advanced , again in three sets , as she saw off Garbine Muguruza of Spain 7-5 5-7 6-2 .	Caroline Wozniacki into quarterfinals of WTA tournament in Copenhagen Top-seeded Dane beats Pauline Parmentier of France 6-2 6-1 Second seed Angelique Kerber taken to three sets by Anne Keothavong Olga Govertsova into third round of Barcelona Open
CNN  -- A former English Premier League footballer is one of six players who have reportedly been arrested in the latest fixing scandal to hit the sport . Second division team Blackburn Rovers confirmed Monday that striker D.J. Campbell had been taken into custody by police as part of an undercover investigation into claims that the players accepted bribes to ensure certain outcomes during a match -- known as spot-fixing -- for betting purposes . "  Following reports in today 's national media , Blackburn Rovers can confirm that striker D.J. Campbell has been arrested , " Blackburn , which has won the English title three times , said in a statement . "  The club will be making no further comment on what is now an ongoing legal matter . " Campbell came to prominence in 2006 when he was signed by EPL side Birmingham , having spent most of his career in non-league football . His time in the top flight was limited as Birmingham was relegated that season , but he helped the club win promotion again before being sold to second division Leicester and then returning to the EPL with Blackpool . CNN has attempted to contact Campbell but is awaiting a response . The arrests were first reported by the UK 's Sun on Sunday newspaper , which focused on what appear to be claims by former Nigeria international Sam Sodje , who was recorded on video published by the Sun saying he could arrange for players to receive yellow cards for offenses during a match . On the video published by the Sun , Sodje appears to admit he purposefully got himself thrown out of a game by hitting the opposing team 's player , while in action for his former club Portsmouth against Oldham in a third division match in February . Authorities have not confirmed Sodje is one of the players arrested . CNN has attempted to reach Sodje for comment , but has n't yet reached him . Sodje , who was released by Portsmouth at the end of last season , twice punched an opposition player in the groin before being ordered off the pitch . The Sun on Sunday reported that Sodje claimed on hidden camera that he received Â # 70,000  $ 114,000  for doing so . He also appears to claim in the Sun 's hidden video footage that he could influence the outcome of EPL matches , and that he was targeting the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . "  That 'll be the one , the World Cup , " Sodje said in the video , according to the Sun on Sunday . "  We 'll do a whole game , get booked once , big money . If you pay a hundred grand it will be huge . " Portsmouth , now playing in England 's bottom division , said it is "  extremely shocked and saddened " by the allegations . "  Match-fixing of any type goes to the heart of the integrity of the game , " said spokesman Colin Farmery . "  The player in question no longer plays for the club and we have not been contacted by the authorities , but of course we would cooperate fully with any inquiry . " Sodje 's brother Akpo plays for third division side Tranmere , and his club said it was "  aware " of the allegations that the 33-year-old and another of his teammates , former Jamaica international Ian Goodison , are also being investigated by the National Crime Agency  NCA  . CNN has been unable to reach either of the Tranmere players for comment . Oldham Athletic confirmed it is cooperating with the authorities over allegations involving its player Cristian Montano but -- like Tranmere -- declined to comment further due to the ongoing investigation . Oldham said it has suspended Montano without pay until the investigation is concluded . CNN has reached out to Montano for comment , but has n't yet connected with him . None of the six players have been charged . Five were released on bail until April 2014 , the NCA said Monday , and the other is still being questioned . It said the Sun on Sunday had passed on material from its own investigation . England 's Professional Footballers ' Association said the allegations , if proven , "  unfortunately demonstrate the real issue football faces in terms of corruption . " "  It highlights the necessity of the work carried out by the PFA and other stakeholders in the game in educating players of these risks , " the PFA said in a statement Monday . "  We take the issue of integrity very seriously and will continue in our efforts to eradicate this evil from our game . " Football authorities have been trying to clamp down on match-fixing and illegal gambling , much of which is driven by Asian betting syndicates . In February , European crime agency Europol announced it had probed 680 suspicious matches across the globe including two European Champions League matches and in September authorities in Singapore made 14 arrests in an attempt to crackdown on football match fixing . There have been arrests after investigations into competitions across Europe , in China and Australia , with most involving lower-level teams . There were seven arrests in Britain last month as part of the NCA probe into a "  suspected international illegal betting syndicate " which is targeting lower league matches . This came after four British players were arrested and charged for alleged match-fixing in Australia 's Victoria Premier League this year . The quartet , who spent part of last season with clubs in England 's non-league Conference South -- effectively the country 's sixth division -- have been suspended by football 's world governing body FIFA . Two pleaded guilty and were fined last week , while the other two will return to court on December 20 . The NCA confirmed it is working with the English Football Association and the Gambling Commission as it continues its investigations .	Blackburn striker D.J. Campbell arrested in spot-fixing investigation , his soccer club confirms Five other players in English lower divisions also arrested , says National Crime Agency The NCA says Monday that five released on bail while other is still being questioned UK 's Sun on Sunday newspaper published allegations made by undercover investigative team
Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos was flown off the Galapagos Islands on an Ecuadorian navy helicopter , authorities there said , an evacuation that happened after the entrepreneur was struck by kidney stones . Asked about the ordeal , Bezos -- in a comment relayed via Amazon -- responded : "  Galapagos : five stars . Kidney stones : zero stars . " A Galapagos-based navy unit said in a press release that Bezos developed renal colic while he was on a tourist cruise near Santa Cruz Island . Daniel Ginez Villacis , a regional coast guard official , ordered that a helicopter fly him from there to Baltra Island . Lt. Pablo Abarca , a spokesman with the Ecuadorian navy , told CNN that Bezos was transported on a Bell 430 helicopter on New Year 's Day . The force has an operative unit on the Galapagos Islands , according to Abarca . According to the official press release , Bezos , 49 , was then to fly to the United States . While the Ecuador navy said the businessman was being flown back home for surgery , that did n't turn out to be the case . Amazon spokesman Drew Herdener said Saturday about Bezos : "  He got a good outcome . No surgery was required , and he 's feeling well . " Renal colic is marked by severe pain associated with kidney stones . According to a National Institutes of Health website , kidney stones can pass naturally -- with those suffering with them encouraged to consume lots of fluids and sometimes taking pain medication to help move the obstructions along . In more severe cases  with particularly big stones ,  people can be treated with procedures like shock wave lithotripsy , ureteroscopy  a long tubelike instrument that 's inserted through a person 's urethra to break stones with lasers  and percutaneous nephrolithotomy  a thin instrument is inserted through a person 's back directly into the kidney  . Bezos is one of the world 's most renowned and wealthy businessmen : In 2012 , Fortune magazine named the Amazon CEO its Businessperson of the Year , citing its Amazon Web services , Kindle creation in addition to its wildly successfully core business as an online retailer . More recently , he 's ventured into other fields -- including buying the Washington Post Co. 's newspaper business last year .	Spokesman : Bezos had a "  good outcome , " did n't need surgery and is "  feeling well " Jeff Bezos was on a tourist expedition near the Galapagos Islands off South America He was evacuated on an Ecuadorian navy helicopter , so that he could get surgery Bezos on the ordeal : "  Galapagos : five stars . Kidney stones : zero stars "
CNN  -- A Colombian drug kingpin who pleaded guilty to smuggling thousands of kilos of cocaine into the United States was sentenced to 22 years in prison , the Justice Department said Thursday . Edgar Vallejo Guarin was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Patricia Seitz Wednesday . Vallejo , 50 , was also fined $ 1 million . A plane worth more than $ 2 million was also seized , and more than $ 10 million in drug proceeds in accounts around the world have been forfeited , the department said . In court documents submitted with his guilty plea , Vallejo admitted to running a drug operation that oversaw the shipments of thousands of kilos of cocaine from Colombia to the United States in boats , freighters and airplanes . The drugs arrived in cities like Houston , San Juan and New York , where Vallejo ran criminal groups , in addition to Detroit and Chicago . Vallejo was indicted in 2001 , but he remained a fugitive until 2008 , when he was captured in Spain . He was extradited to the United States in 2010 . The case against him was the result of a joint investigation by the Drug Enforcement Administration , FBI and Colombian National Police , the Justice Department said .	Edgar Vallejo Guarin was arrested in Spain in 2008 He was extradited to the United States in 2010 He pleaded guilty to running a drug-smuggling operation
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A series of bomb attacks disrupted voting as the polls opened in Iraq 's national elections Thursday , leaving a total of 12 people dead and another 47 wounded . There had been warnings of insurgent attacks around the vote , which is intended to install a 325-member parliament and select Iraq 's next government . Early voting began Thursday for those who will be unable to cast their ballots in Sunday 's election , including thousands of army and security personnel . In the first of three attacks , five civilians were killed and 22 injured when a bomb went off in the Hurriya neighborhood of northern Baghdad , an interior ministry official said . The bomb had been placed about 500 meters  546 yards  away from a polling center that was going to be used Sunday , but was not open for Thursday 's early voting , the official said . It was not clear whether the polling center was the target , as hundreds of them will be open Sunday , most within 500 meters of each other . Are you voting in Iraq ? Send us your story , images In the al-Mansour district of western Baghdad , at least three people were killed and 25 wounded in a suicide bombing outside a polling center , an interior ministry official said . Most of the casualties were Iraqi army soldiers , the official said . The suicide bomber struck the forces as they were assembling outside the polling center to vote , the official said . The bomber was disguised as an Iraqi police officer and stopped before reaching the polling center , according to a U.S. military statement . A second suicide attacker struck another Iraqi army gathering on its way to vote in the Bab Al-Muadham area of central Baghdad , the ministry said . Four soldiers were killed and 10 others wounded in the attack . Thousands of army and security personnel are among those taking part in Thursday 's voting , which is for those who will unable to cast their ballots Sunday . Others voting Thursday include detainees , hospital staff and patients . As many as 700,000 security forces are expected to vote , according to the U.N. Assistance Mission to Iraq . There was heavy security around polling centers Thursday , with Iraqi forces blocking streets around them and not allowing any vehicles in . At one polling center , voters and personnel entering on foot had to go through a number of body searches . Iraqi Air Force helicopters have been active in the skies all day and snipers can be seen on rooftops near polling centers . A public holiday began Thursday and will run until Monday because of the elections . U.S. and Iraqi officials had warned of expected violence ahead of the vote . On Wednesday , three suicide attacks in Baquba , northeast of the capital , killed at least 33 people and wounded dozens more . It is Iraq 's fifth nationwide vote since 2003 , but only the second for a full four-year-term parliament with its 325 seats . "  The conduct and outcome of the election will be the most decisive moment for Iraqis ' future since 2003 , " Ad Melkert , the head of the U.N. mission in Iraq , said Monday . Authorities on Iraqi state television announced special measures for the days surrounding the vote . Since Monday , there has been a ban on motorcycles and bicycles in Baghdad until further notice , and a two-day ban on any vehicles in cities begins Sunday , they said . Provincial borders will be sealed , preventing movements between provinces , from Saturday to Monday . And international borders and all airports will be shut from midnight Saturday . A curfew will be in place in cities from midnight to 5 a.m. on Saturday , Sunday and Monday , officials said . Civilians may not carry weapons on those days , they said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	NEW : 12 people dead and dozens wounded in series of bomb attacks Attacks coincide with early voting in Iraq 's national election Security is tight after insurgent groups vowed to disrupt the vote Vote will install a 325-member parliament and select Iraq 's next government
CNN  -- One lucky ticket picked up the United Kingdom 's biggest ever lottery prize of just over # 113 million  $ 180 million  on Friday night . Alison Baldwin , a spokeswoman for the Camelot Group , which operates the UK National Lottery , said the Euromillions ticket could belong to an individual or a syndicate , but the winner or winners have not yet come forward to claim the prize . Emma Lucas , a senior media relations manager for Camelot , told CNN that the odds of winning the money were just over 76 million to one . If the winning ticket belongs to an individual , he or she will instantly overtake the likes of rocker David Bowie , singer Robin Gibb from the Bee Gees and pop star Robbie Williams on the UK rich list . The prize is not , however , the largest Euromillions win . That honor belongs to a Spanish ticketholder who hit the nine-country-wide lottery in May .	It is the largest lottery prize to be won in the United Kingdom The winner or winners have not yet come forward The odds of winning were over 76 million to one
CNN  -- To my mind , gambling is the son of avarice and the father of despair . I have never got in over my head where gaming is concerned but I have witnessed some horror stories that have made the front page of the national press and , away from the blackjack table , I have experienced the sharp decline of the floor beneath my feet when I have invested more than I could afford to lose . In one walk of life , you are a victim of the times and , therefore , a blight on acceptable living . And a candidate for somebody like Harvard to throw shit loads of money into some groundbreaking research so that they can determine whether or not you have similar brain activity to that seen in cocaine addicts . Which would mean you can be categorized as suffering from "  impulse control disorder " and which would ultimately mean that you can pay for and be treated acceptably . In another life , a merchant bank will throw serious money at you , start you off on utilities and call you "  a trader " . I tend only to bet on the things that are easy to get caught up in . That said , I never really get a buzz from betting , even if I win , which is n't often . Having grown up on Mike Tyson knocking the heads off anyone who was stupid enough to get in a ring with him , I found myself getting carried away with the pre-fight bravado just like everybody else -- to the point that I wagered # 200 on "  Iron Mike " to beat Lennox Lewis in 2002 . Tyson was n't the only man down and out when Lewis connected with a big right hand towards the end of the eighth round and , if the truth were told , William Hill  the English bookmaker  , was never in any danger where my bet was concerned . And in that brief remembrance of fights past can be found my saving grace where would-be gambling addiction is concerned . When it comes to staking my life on the outcome of any given sporting event , I have n't got a f *** ing clue what I 'm doing . I recognize that fact and I am not ashamed to admit it . Whether confessing that important piece of information to either my colleagues urging me to join in a game of high-stakes poker or to my father in a best-of-three pool match down the pub , I can honestly say that I have saved both a fair amount of embarrassment and incalculable amounts of money by putting my cards on the table at the outset . Despite that , it is probably fair to say that I have been exposed to gambling and its downfalls slightly more often than the average person . When you are trapped on a coach or in a plane or in sunny climes with 20 millionaires , one of two things will happen : the conversation turns to women -- and , by extension , wives -- or , as if by magic , somebody produces a pack of cards . Either way , somebody always takes a pasting . From that moment on , anything can happen . And in my time as a footballer , I have seen it all -- from players losing tens of thousands of pounds on the turn of a card , and their families staging interventions , to their more fortunate contemporaries winning $ 250,000 in a Las Vegas casino after popping down to the lobby to buy a phonecard . "  Card schools " are not as prolific among professional football ranks as you might think . In fact , I 'd go so far to say that , with each crop of new players which comes through , another few card schools fall by the wayside . These days , it seems there are more important vices to spend one 's money on , like prostitutes and fast cars . But I did play at one Premier League club which had developed a fairly serious card school . I judge the level of seriousness by the fact that , as the team bus pulled in to our London opposition 's stadium , several of the team were missing from the pre-match walk on the pitch -- historically used to check what stud is needed for the turf but , instead , is now used as a chance to upload pictures of empty stadiums on to Twitter . Those players had remained on the bus , wrapping up their last hand and making sure that the bus driver did n't clear anything away . We went into that match very confident and I am convinced we would have won , save for two individuals who produced less than average performances . Back on the bus , the card school reassembled while I made the rest of the players ' cups of coffee . Walking back and forth along the bus , delivering their caffeine fix for the long journey home , I began to notice that the two players who had played so badly were also the two players who had between them lost tens of thousands of pounds since we had set off from home the day before . The running total was being kept by another player and he flashed me a sheet of paper as I walked past , only because he wanted to show me he was significantly up . I resented having to give the coffees out , let alone my wages . The experience gave me an added incentive not to get involved ; it was clear a player could not function on the pitch with such a heavy financial burden hanging over him . But it did n't stop there . With no money left to gamble one of the players threw an expensive piece of jewelery onto the table . The bet was several thousand , all in . The other players looked at him and , without the expertise of a certified gemologist , it was decided a second piece should also be thrown in . He lost the lot . Around six weeks later , the defeated player still had n't paid his debt . Worse , his car was spotted every day outside a betting shop that was close to our training ground . One day , a member of the same card school came in looking a little shell shocked and proceeded to tell the players assembled for breakfast in the canteen what he had witnessed at the same betting shop after training the previous day . I 'll let him tell the story because I can remember it almost word for word , it has become a bit of a cult tale in football circles  I have changed all the names , including any business names etc  : "  We finished training and thought we 'd get a takeaway . " ` Nobby ' said : "  Let 's just stop in at the betting shop and see what 's on ' . So he put on an accumulator . He picks five horses and we go to get the food . We come back and three of the horses have won so we hang about . "  Then the next one wins and the other one wins . Nobby cleaned up , thousands and thousands ! So I say : ` Nobby , class , mate . You can pay off the lads , get your stuff back and give that money to your missus ' . She 'd been badgering him about a new runaround , as I recall . But he says : ` Na , mate . I 'm on a roll , ai n't I ? ' "  So he puts a bit on the next one . Does n't win . And the next one . Does n't win again . I ca n't get him out of the place , so I drive to his house and tell his missus what 's happening . She grabs the kids and makes me drive her back . By the time we get there , he does n't have anything left , mate . Not a f *** ing thing . " It 's worth bringing this story up because a lot of people do n't know when to stop . The trick is in never getting started . Yet that last sentence is easy for me to type from the comfort of my office and with the kids safely tucked up in bed . I have never experienced a gambling addiction ... but I know a man who has . On a pre-season tour , I once roomed with a guy who had a genuine gambling addiction . We had never spoken to each other in the whole time I had been at the club , simply because we were very different people , and that was n't about to change off the back of one trip in the sun , despite the manager 's best efforts . We were away for a week and , I promise you , the only thing we said to each other was : "  Have you got the room key ? " But there was another reason as to why we could n't strike up a meaningful conversation . He had an extraordinary inability to detach himself from one of two laptop screens , which were open on two separate online bookmakers ' sites , or -- if we were coming back from training -- his iPhone , on which he had the mobile app versions running continuously . One night , I woke up to go to the bathroom and saw him feverishly placing bets on college basketball . It must have been about 3am and quite what he knew about college basketball is anyone 's guess . I have thought many times as to whether I should have said something but I have concluded anything I could had said would have fallen on deaf ears . Shortly after our return , his family stepped in and he began to go to meetings for his gambling problems . As far as I know , he has never relapsed . I have thought about him a lot in the intervening years because , for a long time , I did n't have much sympathy for those who frittered away their money at the "  bookies " . I could n't understand how a person could continue on the path to ruin while their kids needed food , clothes and education . But one man 's gambling is another man 's harmless flutter and the level of the stakes are , of course , extremely circumstantial . Betting on a game is against the rules for professional footballers , even when they are betting on their own team to win . Anyway , a football team ca n't legislate for somebody being sent off or an opposing striker having the game of his life or a freak spate of injuries in the first 10 minutes -- unless they take action to account for such things and I have certainly never seen how that could be the case . That said , I do know players have manipulated the system to their advantage .	In his latest piece , The Secret Footballer tells CNN about gambling in the EPL Former Arsenal captain Tony Adams has established the Sporting Chance Clinic Adams struggled with addiction throughout his career and now helps fellow sports stars EPL players such as Dietmar Hamann and Paul Merson have battled gambling addiction
Atlanta  CNN  -- Police gave the all clear Tuesday after investigating a suspicious package found at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The package was found in the lobby of a building at the CDC 's Roybal Campus , located near Emory University northeast of downtown Atlanta , according to DeKalb County Police spokeswoman Mekka Parish . She later said the scene was clear . Police did not indicate what the package was . Aerial footage from CNN affiliate WSB showed fire and other emergency vehicles responding to the incident . Offices near the package were evacuated , CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said before the all clear was given . The CDC is a federal agency that works to promote public health in the United States and around the world . CNN 's Saundra Young contributed to this report .	NEW : Aerial footage shows fire and other emergency vehicles responding to the incident The package was found at the CDC 's Roybal Campus Offices near the package were evacuated
CNN  -- An Australian radio network at the heart of a hoax targeting Prince William 's pregnant wife canceled the show responsible for the prank on Monday , expressing deep regret for the death of a nurse who took a call from the DJs involved . The two DJs "  will not return to the airwaves until further notice , " the statement from the network , Southern Cross Austereo , said . The company also suspended all prank calls , pulled advertising and ordered a comprehensive review of relevant policies and processes . The DJs , Mel Greig and Michael Christian , who were impersonating Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles , called the hospital Tuesday and gained some information about the condition of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge -- which they subsequently played on air . On Friday , the nurse who transferred the call through to the ward , Jacintha Saldanha , was found dead after apparently committing suicide . "  First and foremost we would like to express our deep and sincere condolences to the family ... for their loss . We are very sorry for what has happened , " Rhys Holleran , the network 's chief executive officer , said in Monday 's statement . "  We do n't claim to be perfect and we always strive to do better . We have initiated a detailed and rigorous review of our policies and procedures to inform any improvements we can make . " Greig and Christian also apologized in interviews with the Australian TV shows "  A Current Affair " and "  Today Tonight " on Monday . "  There is nothing that can make me feel worse than what I feel right now , " Greig said on "  Today Tonight . " Christian told "  A Current Affair " the prank had become "  a tragic turn of events that I do n't think anyone could have predicted or expected . " "  I 'm still trying to make sense of it all , " he said , offering "  our deepest sympathies " to Saldanha 's family . Opinion : Why airing the prank call was wrong London 's Metropolitan Police have contacted Australian authorities in relation to the call , but "  are not discussing about what or with who " they 're talking , a spokesman told CNN . A spokeswoman for New South Wales Police in Australia told CNN : "  As the investigation into the death of London nurse Jacintha Saldhana continues , New South Wales Police will be providing London 's Metropolitan Police with whatever assistance they require . " Ben Barboza , Saldanha 's husband , expressed grief over his wife 's death in a post on Facebook : "  I am devastated with the tragic loss of my beloved wife Jacintha in tragic circumstances , She will be laid to rest in Shirva , India . " Saldanha 's daughter posted a photo of herself with her mother and wrote : "  I miss you , I loveeee you . Jacintha saldanha . " The chairman of the hospital where the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge was a patient slammed the Australian radio station 's decision to broadcast the recorded prank call as "  truly appalling " on Saturday , "  King Edward VII 's Hospital cares for sick people , and it was extremely foolish of your presenters even to consider trying to lie their way through to one of our patients , let alone actually make the call , " wrote the chairman , Simon Glenarthur . "  The immediate consequence of these premeditated and ill-considered actions was the humiliation of two dedicated and caring nurses who were simply doing their job tending to their patients . "  The longer term consequence has been reported around the world and is , frankly , tragic beyond words . " Glenarthur called on the radio station to take steps "  to ensure that such an incident could never be repeated . " Read more : Nurse 's death casts glare on ` shock jocks ' The Australian Communications and Media Authority , the country 's media regulator , has not yet commented on the case . However , it will be "  engaging with the licensee , Today FM Sydney , around the facts and issues surrounding the prank call , " said the regulator 's chairman , Chris Chapman . News of Saldanha 's death broke Friday , with the hospital saying she "  was recently the victim of a hoax call . " London 's Metropolitan Police said that Saldanha , 46 , had living quarters in central London provided by her workplace . Police said they were notified Friday morning that a woman was found unconscious at the address . She was pronounced dead at the scene . Police are treating the death as "  unexplained . " A postmortem examination will take place on Tuesday , police said Monday . A spokesman for Prime Minister David Cameron said Saturday that he "  thinks this is a very sad case and his thoughts are with her family and colleagues . " Throughout the controversy surrounding the hoax , authorities did not identify the nurse . Her identity was released after her death . Audio of the call posted online suggests a woman spoke briefly to the DJs before she put the call through early Tuesday morning to the ward where the Duchess of Cambridge was being treated for acute morning sickness . "  They were the world 's worst accents ever , " Greig told listeners Thursday . "  We were sure 100 people at least before us would 've tried the same thing . ... We were expecting to be hung up on . We did n't even know what to say when we got through . " A tweet from 2Day FM last week after the incident described it as a "  hilarious prank . " Read more : Radio pair apologizes for duchess prank call Off the air , Greig and Christian tweeted about the practical joke on Thursday and earlier Friday , promising "  more on the #royalprank . " The pair 's Twitter accounts were taken down late Friday . Some listeners applauded the prank , like one who identified himself as Guido on the station 's Facebook page and wrote , "  It is only a joke people ! it was great i love it !!! " Others were outraged , with negative comments outnumbering positive ones on 2DayFM 's Facebook page even before the nurse 's death . "  Your stunt was done at a time in this country where there is paranoia about the intrusion of the media into people 's lives , " Gary Slenders wrote . "  I know you will say it is harmless fun , the management of 2DayFM will say that it wo n't happen again , but this is exactly where the phone hacking scandal started . " The outcry grew exponentially after the hospital confirmed Saldanha 's death , leading the Coles supermarket chain to remove all its advertising from 2DayFM . "  This death is on your conscience , " reads one Facebook post . Several accused the two DJs of having "  blood on your hands . " Saldanha 's family released a statement asking for privacy and directing questions to police . She is survived by her husband and two children . "  We as a family are deeply saddened by the loss of our beloved Jacintha , " said the statement , released by police . Saldanha worked at King Edward VII 's Hospital for more than four years , and she was described as an "  excellent nurse , " well-respected by co-workers , the hospital statement said . The hospital "  had been supporting her throughout this difficult time , " it said . A St. James 's Palace spokesman said : "  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are deeply saddened to learn of the death . "  Their Royal Highnesses were looked after so wonderfully well at all times by everybody at King Edward VII Hospital , and their thoughts and prayers are with Jacintha Saldanha 's family , friends and colleagues at this very sad time . " Separately , a palace spokesman told CNN : "  At no point did the palace complain to the hospital about the incident . On the contrary , we offered our full and heartfelt support to the nurses involved and hospital staff at all times . " CNN 's Ed Payne , Brad Lendon and Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	The Australian radio network suspends all prank calls A review of relevant policies and processes is being conducted , the company says Nurse Jacintha Saldanha was found dead after taking the prank call on Catherine
Bangkok  CNN  -- Thai authorities have released 70 women and girls originally from Laos and Myanmar following a trafficking raid in southern Thailand . District police and Thai special investigators raided a karaoke bar and a spa Friday night , said Lt. Col. Noppadon Petsut , deputy police chief of Sadao district . Forty-one of the females released had been forced into prostitution , Petsut said . The other 29 were willfully working as prostitutes and were fined and released . Of those forced into prostitution , about 20 trafficking victims are under age 18 , Petsut said . Thai police arrested five suspects -- three Thais , one Malaysian and one Singaporean , Petsut said . All were detained and charged with human trafficking and illegally allowing illegal migrants to stay in Thailand . The raid took place after the Department of Special Investigation received a call from the Laotian embassy in Bangkok saying there were Laotians being forced into prostitution , Petsut said .	Police say the females are from Laos and Myanmar 41 were forced into prostitution ; 29 were willfully working as prostitutes About 20 who were forced into prostitution are under 18 years old , a police official says Five suspects are in custody , charged with human trafficking
CNN  A little over five centuries ago , the unassuming district of Ocoa Bay in the Dominican Republic became the first wine-producing region of the Americas . Legend has it that Spanish explorers cultivated grapes here for six years before setting sail for Central America in search of the great Aztecan Empire . But when they left , the Conquistadors took their quaint interest in viticulture with them . Local farmers swiftly returned to growing the tropical fruits and vegetables natural to the Caribbean island . Now , a new vineyard and real estate development is looking to tap into this wine-making history by providing the Caribbean 's 21st-century own take on enotourism . The Ocoa Bay development lies 90-minutes drive from the capital , Santo Domingo and offers newly built homes with specially designed vineyard plots that allow residents to produce their own wine . Spectacular ocean views and a climate similar to the Mediterranean in summer ensure the 2 million square meter site is a popular spot . Yet according to architect , Gabriel Acevedo , convincing colleagues and other stakeholders of the area 's potential as a property development come vineyard was initially a tough sell . "  We were labeled as crazy -- probably because I was n't an agronomist but an architect -- that we even dared to plant 10,000 square meters of grapevines , " Acevedo said . Sustainability is a key factor in Ocoa Bay 's business portfolio -- one Acevedo believes to be a game changer for the Dominican Republic . Project leaders say they spent time with ecology , land management and wildlife consultants before commencing building work in an effort to minimize any negative environmental impacts . "  Ocoa Bay has three pillars , one is the production of high quality wine and fruit cultivation , the others are the hotels and the real estate sector , " Acevedo said . Developers are relying on the lands ' unique dry climate which receives on average of 600 millimeters of rainfall per year to sustain the vineyard . The construction of the first 30 ecological and vineyard villas are scheduled to begin in December with 33 % pre-sold . High-end realn estate companies like Christie 's , meanwhile , are already adding Ocoa Bay to their exclusive listings . The vineyard 's real estate adviser , Cesar Herrera insists that enabling investors to snap up a private property where they can produce their own wine is a unique selling point . "  You do n't have anywhere in the world  that has  the possibility to live inside a vineyard and to own , " Herrera said . "  You have several options  of growing grapes  ...  and  you will be able to rent your home when you are not there , " Herrera added . In just over two years , Ocoa Bay has had five successful harvests . Volumes produced remain low , but quality is high . The price per bottle starts at $ 15 dollars , setting the bar high for a still young wine producing market . The Ocoa Bay executive team say they 're optimistic about the overall success of this venture "  It 's the new , Napa Valley of the Caribbean , " Acevedo said . "  The new Bordeaux or Rioja . A unique and new destination in the Caribbean . "	Ocoa Bay is a new real estate and vineyard development in the Dominican Republic The remote region was producing wine as long ago as the sixteenth century Developers aim to revive the little-known tradition on a 2 million square meter site
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A woman filed a battery complaint against Lindsay Lohan on Saturday , accusing the actress of shoving her at a West Hollywood nightclub two nights earlier , according to a Los Angeles County sheriff 's official . Lohan publicist Steve Honig told CNN that the actress did not go to the Standard Hotel 's club , where the incident allegedly happened , that night . He also questioned why the woman waited until Saturday to file a complaint at the sheriff department 's West Hollywood Station . "  You have to wonder about someone who calls the media before the police , " Honig said . Sgt. Chris Bowman said a detective has the report and will check the story 's validity . "  It 's just an allegation , " Bowman said . If the allegation had been made last month , before Lohan was released from the strict rules of supervised probation , it might have had more serious implications for her . Any arrest then could become a probation violation leading to jail time . A judge gave Lohan , 25 , a fresh start on getting her life together two weeks ago by ending her supervised probation . She will remain on probation for a misdemeanor shoplifting conviction , but without the strict reporting requirements of the two felony drunken driving convictions . It culminated five years of legal troubles for Lohan , which included 250 days in rehab , 35 days in home confinement , 67 days on community service , 19 days in court and six trips to jail . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner warned Lohan that avoiding future trouble could be a challenge . "  I know it 's hard when people are following you all over the place , but that 's the life you chose , " Sautner told Lohan , advising her to "  live your life in a more mature way , stop the nightclubbing and focus on your work . " Lohan is preparing to portray Elizabeth Taylor in a Lifetime movie , which starts filming next month . She also has a role in an upcoming episode of the hit Fox TV show "  Glee . " Her recent hosting job on NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live " earned high ratings , and her spread in Playboy 's January issue set sales records for the magazine . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	NEW : Lohan was n't at nightclub where the incident allegedly happened , her publicist says "  It 's just an allegation , " a sheriff 's deputy says Publicist : "  You have to wonder about someone who calls the media before the police " A judge advised Lohan to "  stop the nightclubbing and focus on your work " last month
CNN  -- A bomb exploded at a Woodburn , Oregon , bank branch early Friday evening , killing a police officer and injuring the town 's police chief and a state bomb technician , Oregon State Police said . A police officer was killed Friday after a bomb exploded inside the West Coast Bank in Woodburn , Oregon . Woodburn Police Chief Scott Russell was listed in critical condition at Oregon Health and Science University Hospital , according to hospital spokeswoman Christine Decker . The name of the slain police officer has not yet been released . There was no immediate word on the bomb tech 's identity or condition . The three were investigating a suspicious device at a West Coast Bank branch when the bomb went off , police said . Police had brought the device inside after it was discovered outside , bank president Bob Sznewajs told CNN . Sznewajs said that two bank employees who were in another part of the bank when the bomb exploded suffered very minor injuries , one who may have been hit by some flying debris and another who was "  bothered by the sound . " "  I know that all of our employees are fine , " Sznewajs said , adding that none of his employees had been allowed back into the front portion of the building , where the bomb exploded , "  so we do n't know what it 's like in there . " "  I heard a loud kaboom , " Robert Currie , who was across the street , told CNN affiliate KATU . "  Well , I 'm a Vietnam veteran and that was no gunshot -- that was definitely a bomb . So I come running outside to see what was going on and the interior lights of the bank are all out . And the next thing , it 's just swarming with police cars , two fire trucks and three or four ambulances . " Several emergency vehicles surrounded the building , according to news video from the scene , but the exterior of the building did not appear damaged . Sznewajs said police were called to investigate a suspicious package Friday afternoon . Police gave the all clear , Sznewajs said , but a bank employee saw something in a bush outside the bank , and police were called back . Sznewajs said he was not at the bank at the time of the incident , but he said his employees told him authorities "  scanned it outside , then brought it in . " His employees had left the front of the building by that point , Sznewajs said , and it was not clear why the device was taken into the building . Sznewajs said there were "  four or five " employees in the bank when the incident began and approximately the same number of customers . None were in the front of the bank when the explosion took place . Earlier Friday , police investigated a bomb threat called into a nearby Wells Fargo Bank branch but found nothing , Wells Fargo spokesman Tom Unger said . The call came in before 10:30 a.m. , Unger said , and the branch closed at 2 p.m. . The Wells branch and the West Coast branch are less than 150 feet apart . Woodburn is in the Willamette Valley about 30 miles south of Portland .	NEW : Officer died after bomb detonates in Oregon bank NEW : Police chief , bomb technician also injured in explosion Police originally called to investigate suspicious package at bank Earlier , police checked a bomb threat called into nearby bank
American traveler Stacey Addison says she was detained for months in East Timor because she unwittingly shared a taxi with a stranger carrying methamphetamine . Now she 's out of jail -- and a guest of a former East Timor leader . Addison , 41 , of Oregon , was released from an East Timor prison Thursday , nearly four months after her initial arrest in the small Southeast Asian nation in a drug case in which she says she 's innocent . Addison appeared before reporters Thursday at the home of former East Timorese President and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Jose Ramos-Horta , who says he 'll host her temporarily at his home . Details on the reasons and conditions for her release , or when she would be able to leave the country , were n't available . She could n't leave immediately Thursday , because her passport -- seized during the investigation -- had not been returned . The U.S. State Department welcomed the decision , according to department spokesperson Jen Psaki , but confirmed that Addison remains in Timor-Leste where the government still retains her passport . Both she and Ramos-Horta said they would not discuss details of the case . Addison was asked what she would do when she is able to obtain a passport . Her answer : "  Go home . " "  I do n't think my mom would ever forgive me if I did n't come home immediately and stay for a while , " she said . Addison 's arrest in September was an unexpected bump in what had been a multi-year trip around the world . She said she had been traveling solo since January 2013 , having quit her job as a veterinarian to explore the globe . On September 5 , she was sharing a cab from near the Indonesian border to the East Timor capital of Dili . On the way , a fellow passenger asked to stop to pick up a package at a DHL office , her mother , Bernadette Kero of Oregon , has told CNN . After the man picked up the package , police surrounded the car and arrested the occupants , according to Kero . The package was found to contain methamphetamine , Addison has said . She initially was held for four nights , and a judge released her -- but prevented her from leaving the country while the case was still being investigated -- after the man testified that he did n't know her , Kero said . In late October , during a court appearance where she thought she 'd retrieve her passport , a judge ordered her arrest again and sent her to Gleno prison outside Dili . Paul Remedios , a lawyer representing Addison , said at the time that the court detained her again because there was a warrant for her arrest , and that the reason for the warrant was unclear . Addison said Thursday that she had petitioned for her release earlier this month , but did n't expect to be released on Thursday . "  I had kind of thought it would n't happen because it 's Christmas -- that everything would be closed , " she said . "  I knew there was a petition pending , but it had been three weeks and I had heard nothing . " Kero told CNN last month that the case was a "  nightmare . " On Thursday , she said her daughter 's release was "  the best Christmas present I could imagine . " "  The past four months have been an extremely stressful time for all of us , " Kero wrote in an email Thursday . "  Of course we are now hoping that her passport will be returned and she will be able to return home to Oregon very soon . "  Her lawyer will work on getting her passport released . I just want to be able to see her and give her a big hug . "	Stacey Addison was detained by police in September during a taxi journey She says another passenger in the cab picked up a package containing drugs Addison was on a nearly two-year trip around the world She is awaiting return of her passport so she can go back to the United States
CNN  -- Search teams have found the flight data recorder from the Yemenia Airways plane that crashed off the Comoros Islands in June , killing 152 people , the chief investigator said Friday . Search parties continue their operation to locate the Yemenia Airbus A310 off the Comoros Islands in July . An operation to retrieve the recorder has begun , said a statement from investigator Ali Abdou Mohamed . The Airbus 310 crashed into the Indian Ocean , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members . It originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , and went down just miles from Moroni , the capital of the Comoros Islands . One person , a 13-year-old French girl , survived . The recorder could contain information to help determine what caused the crash . The plane had tried to land at the airport in Moroni , then made a U-turn before it crashed , Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said soon after the accident . A French official said that country had banned the plane after it failed an aviation inspection in 2007 , but Yemenia Airways was not on the European Union 's list of banned airlines . Passengers on the flight included 66 French citizens , 54 Comorians , one Palestinian and one Canadian , according to Yemeni and French officials . The crew was made up of six Yemenis , two Moroccans , one Ethiopian , one Filipino and one Indonesian . The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar .	Comoros Islands lie between east African and the island nation of Madagascar Recorder could contain information to help determine what caused the crash Thirteen-year-old French girl was the only person to survive plane crash
CNN  -- Dear Girls of the World , The technology industry needs you . Around the world , people are watching movies on laptops , buying goods online and connecting with friends and family through mobile devices . All of these experiences are powered by technology , created by people just like you . Girls of the world , the tech industry is waiting for you . The skills you learn in your math and sciences classes today are the foundation for building technology that will touch nearly every aspect of our lives in the future -- your future . If you invest in learning technical skills , soon you wo n't just be consuming technology , you 'll be defining it , creating it and sharing it with people all over the world . The tech industry is growing faster than nearly all other industries today . In fact , computer programming jobs are growing at two times the U.S. national average . And it 's still very early days . Google , for example , is only in its teenage years . The opportunities for a career in technology will only continue to grow as an additional 5 billion people around the world come online . Yet despite being a ripe career field , the tech industry is losing women . In the United States , according to one report : "  young women earned 37 % of computer science degrees in 1985 ; today , the number has plummeted to 18 % . Some 22 % of software engineers at tech companies are women . " It 's a deficiency we see mirrored around the world . If this trend continues , fewer women will have the skills necessary to participate in the tech sector . As a result , fewer women will hold leadership positions in tech , and we 'll miss out on the opportunity for women to shape the world around us . This is n't a problem just for women , but for everyone . Innovation thrives on diversity , and we simply ca n't afford for the future of technology not to represent women or people with different backgrounds and experiences . That 's why it 's so important for tech leaders to reach out to girls with encouragement . We need to share our enthusiasm and show them all the amazing opportunities available today . Getting girls excited about technology is n't just a job for educators , it 's a responsibility for all of us . We also need to create more opportunities for girls to learn technical skills . We have a great start with programs such as the Khan Academy and Code.org that give people access to computer programming education . There are also fantastic local programs that connect girls with communities of other like-minded girls to learn together . For example , Google supports a program called Girlstart that provides science , technology , engineering and mathematics education to girls through afterschool programs and camps . But there are also many girls out there struggling to find access to even the most basic education . The Google RISE Awards helps to bridge this gap by funding science and technology education for primary and secondary school students around the world . And initiatives such as Girl Rising put a spotlight on just how powerful access to education can be for young women . For girls who do n't benefit from support early on , it 's also important to remember that it 's never too late to get started . I was finishing up my senior year of college , studying history and literature , when I decided to get into tech . I wondered if it was too late to change paths , but I decided to do it anyway . Years later , I joined a new startup -- Google -- and I 've never looked back . For all the girls out there who think it 's too late to get into tech , know that it 's never too late to pursue a good opportunity , even if it means taking a different path . So , people of the world , let 's help girls rise up in the field of technology and support them with the programs they need . If you 're in technology , talk to your daughters , nieces and friends about just how cool it is to work in tech . And we can all help them find internships , encourage them in their studies and foster their creative spirits . The future of technology affects us all . Let 's all work together to build it . -- Susan Wojcicki More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Read more open letters Open letter from Christiane Amanpour : It 's time to power the world Open letter from Queen Rania of Jordan : More than tiaras and cupcakes How to help | Take action with 10x10	Google executive Susan Wojcicki writes an open letter to girls of the world "  We simply ca n't afford for the future of technology not to represent women , " she says
Bowie , Maryland  CNN  -- President Barack Obama interrupted a campaign speech twice on Thursday to seek help for people in the audience who collapsed . "  I think we might have had somebody faint down here , so if we got the paramedics , " Obama said about halfway through his remarks under bright afternoon sunshine at Bowie State University . "  They 'll be all right . Just make sure you give them some space . And if somebody has a bottle of water , you might want to give it to them . " A few minutes later , near the end of his remarks , Obama again noted a member of the crowd in distress . "  Someone up here got a little hot . Let 'em sit down . Let 'em sit down , " he said to the audience , asking if there was a bottle of water on stage for the stricken person . "  Remember , next time you come out here , eat something and drink something " beforehand , Obama added . The president was stumping for Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , who is seeking re-election . Prince George 's County medical personnel said they responded to a number of sick cases at the university on Thursday . Fire Department spokesman Mark Brady said that between 1:45 and 2 p.m. , about an hour before Obama 's speech , ambulance crews stationed at the campus as part of the White House event responded to reports of people "  fainting , getting dizzy , and otherwise passing out . " Prince George 's County Fire Department officials later told CNN they were treating at least two dozen people at the university for fainting and dehydration . Brady said that while the temperatures were mild , "  in that rally area , the sun is extremely hot . " "  In addition , that rally area was extremely crowded and compacted , " he said . "  You had the rally people shoulder to shoulder , if not closer , and standing for an extended period of time and waiting for the rally to start . A lot of these people that we treated today were senior citizens , so they 're probably not accustomed to this type of environment , and those were the people that we found that experienced the fainting , the dizziness issues . " Also , a heckler was heard shouting "  You 're a liar ! " early in Obama 's remarks . The man was shouted down by others in the crowd , and it was unclear whether the president heard him . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Vito Maggiolo contributed to this story .	NEW : Fire official says most of the ill were senior citizens The president interrupts his speech to seek help for the stricken Authorities report more cases of sickness at site of the speech Obama was campaigning for Maryland 's Democratic governor
CNN  -- A professor who compared some victims of the al Qaeda attack on the World Trade Center to Nazis was fired Tuesday by the University of Colorado 's Board of Regents . Professor Ward Churchill wrote that some 9/11 victims were "  little Eichmanns . " Ward Churchill raised hackles with a 2002 essay that argued the September 11 , 2001 , attacks were a justified reaction to U.S. policies in the Middle East , and said the hijackers who killed nearly 3,000 people in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania had "  the courage of their convictions . " But the regents said Churchill 's firing was unrelated to the essay , which went largely unnoticed for three years . Instead , it cited "  deliberate and repeated research misconduct . " A university investigation had found cases of plagiarism and falsification in previous papers by Churchill -- allegations that surfaced after his essay became widely known . "  The Board of Regents affirms that its decisions in this matter have been made solely on the basis of the allegations of research misconduct against Professor Churchill and have not been influenced or motivated by extrinsic considerations , Professor Churchill 's political and social views or a desire to punish Professor Churchill for expression of his political or social views , " the university announced . CU interim Chancellor Phil DiStefano recommended Churchill 's dismissal in June 2006 after a university committee completed its investigation . Churchill 's essay drew little notice until a 1,800-student college in upstate New York invited him to take part in a 2005 forum on prisons and Native American rights . The invitation was rescinded after criticism from then-New York Gov. George Pataki , then-Colorado Gov. Bill Owens and hundreds of relatives of those killed in the attacks created a media firestorm . The piece had called some of those who died in the World Trade Center "  little Eichmanns " -- a reference to Adolf Eichmann , the Gestapo officer who was one of the chief architects of the Holocaust -- arguing they were "  a technocratic corps at the very heart of America 's global financial empire . " Churchill , who had tenure , stepped down from his post as head of CU 's ethnic studies department amid the flap but remained on staff . He had no immediate reaction to Tuesday 's decision . E-mail to a friend	Ward Churchill said 9/11 attacks were justified reaction to U.S. Mideast policies University of Colorado says 9/11 essay not reason he was fired Dismissal due to plagiarism , falsification in other papers , university says
Majuro , Marshall Islands  CNN  -- After showing signs of improvement , Jose Salvador Alvarenga 's health has deteriorated . Alvarenga , who said he was lost at sea for 13 months , returned to a hospital Thursday to be intravenously fed , said Christian Clay-Mendoza , a top Mexican trade official . "  Doctors say he 's severely dehydrated and low on vitamins and minerals , " he said . Alvarenga , an El Salvadoran who had been living in Mexico , washed ashore on the Marshall Islands eight days ago . Earlier this week , his condition improved enough that he was released from a hospital . Doctors said Alvarenga 's limbs have started to swell , and they ca n't seem to keep him hydrated . But he did manage to leave the hospital briefly Thursday to make a few comments to the media . Bewildered by all the cameras , he thanked the government and people of the Marshall Islands for their care and friendship . After his minute-long remark , officials whisked him back to the hospital . Plans for his repatriation to El Salvador on Friday have now been postponed due to his health . Official : His story ` is probable ' Alvarenga 's claims have garnered widespread skepticism about how he could survive for 13 months adrift on the Pacific . But from what officials can tell , they have no reason to doubt him . "  The investigations into Mr. Alvarenga 's story so far have been substantiated , " said Phillip Muller , the Marshall Islands ' foreign affairs minister . Clay-Mendoza said Alvarenga was an undocumented worker in Mexico . But "  what he has said to us about his identity , so far , has been true . " "  We 've had contact with his family in El Salvador , and they have corroborated his story , " the Mexican official said . "  Now we are trying to contact his boss at the fishing co-op he belonged to in Mexico , but so far everything he 's told us has jibed . The main question now is how long was he at sea ? " Clay-Mendoza said "  it 's probable " Alvarenga really did get lost at sea starting in December 2012 . He said the boat was reported missing in 2012 . If Alvarenga 's story proves true , the trip across the Pacific would have taken him across roughly 6,600 miles  10,800 kilometers  of open ocean before ending in the Marshall Islands , about halfway between Hawaii and Australia , in the northern Pacific . Officials : ` We gave up ' trying to figure out how long castaway was adrift in Pacific The other man Alvarenga says he set off on a fishing trip from the port of Paredon Viejo , Mexico , near the southern coastal city of Tonala . He said he and another man intended to spend a day trying to catch sharks , but they were blown off course by winds and then got caught in a storm , eventually losing use of their engines . Bellarmino Rodriguez Beyz , the owner of Alvarenga 's boat in Mexico , identified the fishing partner as 23-year-old Ezequiel Córdova . Alvarenga said that four weeks into their drift , his companion died of starvation because he refused to eat raw birds and turtles . Eventually , he threw the body overboard . "  What else could I do ? " Alvarenga said . Living on faith and fish A grieving family Back in the Mexican village of El Fortin , Córdova 's family is inconsolable . More than a year after the young man went missing , his mother is grieving his death . "  The pain is so great , I ca n't explain it , " Córdova 's mother said . "  Losing a child is the hardest thing to bear in life . " Córdova 's brother said the 23-year-old took care of his family -- and that 's why he became a fisherman , in hopes of earning a better livelihood . "  My brother was kind , he was responsible for my mother , " he said . "  In fact , he worked in the sea because of her . He wanted to improve himself . He did n't want to be poor , like us . " The fishing cooperative that Córdova and Alvarenga belonged to has about 45 boats , Rodriguez said . The fishermen make about $ 150 a week . But the waters near Paredon Viejo are notorious for the dangerous winds that can blow fishermen away . Now that Córdova 's mother knows her son is dead , she wants answers . "  As a mother , I demand the authorities allow me to talk to the survivor , " she said . "  Only in that way will I know what happened , and what he did with the body of my son . I deserve to know the truth . " Meanwhile , Córdova 's bedroom , scant with just a blanket as a headboard , remains untouched . Just the way he left it more than a year ago . This teen was adrift at sea for 26 days Suzanne Chutaro and Jack Niedenthal reported from Majuro , Marshall Islands ; Holly Yan reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Nick Parker and Jethro Mullen also contributed to this report .	NEW : The mother of the dead fishing partner demands to speak with Alvarenga Jose Salvador Alvarenga said he was lost at sea for 13 months He has returned to a hospital due to dehydration and malnutrition Alvarenga said he had to toss his companion 's body overboard after he died
Billionaire Petro Poroshenko declared victory Sunday in Ukraine 's presidential election , following preliminary exit polls that suggested he got 56 % of the vote . His closest challenger , former Ukrainian prime minister and leader of the Batkivshchyna party Yulia Tymoshenko , conceded the election after exit polls showed her with 13 % of the vote . Poroshenko , a candy tycoon known as the "  Chocolate King , " is also a seasoned politician . The election took place Sunday despite a recent wave of deadly violence in the east and threats by pro-Russia separatists to prevent citizens from casting their ballots . Voters were picking a successor to ousted pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in a country torn apart by Russia 's takeover of Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula and bloody conflict with pro-Russia factions . The unrest has centered in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions , where separatists have claimed independence following a disputed referendum earlier this month -- and many there did not get to cast ballots Sunday . As of 3 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  , some 528 polling sites out of 2,430 were open in the Donetsk region , the regional administration said . Local officials said there was 11.8 % turnout at these polling stations . Outside the country 's restive east , voting was progressing more normally . The Central Election Commission put voter turnout at nearly 38 % as of 3 p.m. local time , not including the Donetsk and Luhansk regions , Ukraine 's official Ukrinform news agency reported . In the city of Donetsk , the regional capital where pro-Russia militias are concentrated , there were no open polling stations , local officials said earlier . A CNN team driving through the city Sunday morning was not able to see a single polling station in operation . However , there were signs some voters were trying to go to polling stations in areas west and south of the city . Besides the presidential race , candidates are also running in municipal elections in some cities . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe deployed 900 observers for the election -- the largest such mission in its history . Oleksandr Turchynov , Ukraine 's acting President , called the polls open and transparent . "  The voting was free , without artificial restrictions and administrative pressure , " Turchynov said in a statement . U.S. President Barack Obama congratulated Ukrainians for casting their ballots Sunday and criticized Russian-backed separatists , whom he accused of trying to block voting . "  Despite provocations and violence , millions of Ukrainians went to the polls throughout the country , and even in parts of eastern Ukraine , where Russian-backed separatist groups sought to disenfranchise entire regions , some courageous Ukrainians still were able to cast their ballots , " he said in a written statement . "  We commend the resolve of all those who participated , as well as the efforts of the Ukrainian government to conduct these elections in the face of those threats . " Intimidation in eastern Ukraine appears widespread Increasing violence in the east has led the authorities in Kiev to accuse Russia , which they say is backing the armed separatists , of seeking to disrupt the vote . Russia denies having direct influence over the militants , and Russian President Vladimir Putin has said he will respect the Ukrainians ' choice . Amid heightened tensions , instances of intimidation in eastern Ukraine appear widespread . A large separatist rally was held in a central Donetsk city square around lunchtime . The protesters , who chanted pro-Russia slogans as they were addressed by separatist leaders , were joined by a substantial number of militants on trucks , some firing guns into the air . On the back of some of the trucks were armed men who appeared to be Chechen . Two told a CNN team they were from the Chechen capital , Grozny , and one indicated that he was formerly a policemen in Chechnya and was in Donetsk to serve the Russian Federation . The men , who as Chechens are Russian citizens , said they were there as "  volunteers . " But if their accounts were true , their presence in Donetsk would appear to indicate some kind of acquiescence by the Russian government at the least . Residents of Ukraine 's southeastern city of Mariupol saw new billboards on the streets Sunday urging them not to cast their ballots . The billboards were not at those locations the night before , residents said . Also in Mariupol , people talked on social media about being asked by local Russia supporters to boycott the election . The city is one of several where deadly clashes have erupted in recent weeks . The self-declared mayor of rebel stronghold Slovyansk , Vyacheslav Ponomaryov , has said that anyone who tries to vote there will be arrested . Also , an Italian journalist was killed Saturday near the flashpoint town , the Italian Foreign Ministry announced Sunday . The man , named as Andrea Rocchelli , was killed along with a Russian citizen , the ministry said . Reports suggested there had been mortar fire in the Slovyansk area . Ukraine 's ` Chocolate King ' aims for top job Opinion : Free elections good for Ukraine , but could be bad for Putin Putin 's 48 hours in St. Petersburg	Obama accuses Russian-backed separatists of trying "  to disenfranchise entire regions " Billionaire Petro Poroshenko leads in exit polls , declares himself the winner Batkivshchyna party concedes defeat Fewer than a quarter of polling stations were open in Donetsk region , officials say
CNN International are on the hunt for the Leading Women of 2014 . We want to know which public figures or rising stars have caught your eye this year and deserve accolade for being an extraordinary woman of our time . In 2014 , we saw teenager Malala Yousafzai jointly receive the Nobel Peace Prize for her incredible "  struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education " . After surviving a shot in the head by Taliban gunmen , Yousafzi has fought for the rights of girls to an education , become a leading spokesperson for women 's rights , and is setting an example for women and girls around the globe . The topic of feminism was brought back into conversation by actress Emma Watson who also became the UN Women Goodwill Ambassador and called on women and men alike to reclaim "  feminism " to benefit all . 2014 Oscar-winner Lupita N'yongo 's role in "  12 Years a Slave " brought her firmly into the limelight in which she now sits comfortably as both a style icon and role model . These three , are just a few of the women who have excelled in 2014 and as the year draws to a close , we want to know who else deserves to be hailed for their accomplishments over the past year . We want women spanning a range of professions to be recognized from science and technology , to fashion , politics , sport , medicine and the arts . Do you know a rising star in your field ? Has someone in the public eye this year impressed you ? Let us know in the comments box below . The deadline for nominations is 17 December 2014 .	CNN are on the hunt for 2014 's leading women . We want to hear about your public figures and future stars from a range of professions . We want women from science , technology , fashion , politics , medicine and the arts The deadline for nominations is 17 December 2014 .
CNN  -- Gary Coleman 's remains were cremated Thursday and his ashes will be locked away until a court decides who should get them , the special administrator of his estate said . "  The proceeding was conducted in accordance with Mr. Coleman 's desires as expressed in his will , that no funeral service , wake , or other ceremony memorialize his passing , " attorney Robert Jeffs said Thursday . A Utah judge appointed Jeffs to control the estate while he decides a will dispute between ex-wife Shannon Price and former business associate Anna Gray . Coleman divorced Price in 2008 , but they were living together in Santaquin , Utah , when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage at the Provo , Utah , hospital . Price , 24 , claimed in a petition that she was still Coleman 's common-law wife . She filed a handwritten document from 2007 that , if validated by the court , would give her Coleman 's estate . A will signed by Coleman in 2005 named Gray as executor and awarded all of his estate to the Portland , Oregon , woman . It is expected to take Utah District Judge James Taylor several months to hold a trial to decide which document is Coleman 's last legal will . Until then , Jeffs said he would lock the actor 's ashes in a vault . Coleman was best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold on "  Diff ` rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Coleman was cremated Thursday Ashes will be stored until will dispute is decided Actor 's will called for no funeral
CNN  -- After all the comparisons to George Zimmerman , Michael Dunn 's fate turned out very differently . Dunn -- who also killed a black 17-year-old and said he did it in self-defense -- now faces decades in prison after he shot into an SUV full of teenagers during a spat over loud music . But this story is far from over . The prosecution wants another conviction . Dunn could appeal the convictions he already has . And once again , the country is at odds about whether race led to a young man 's death . Meanwhile , Dunn 's daughter told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " that she 's barely stopped crying since the verdict was handed down and she struggles to imagine "  life without him . " "  I love him so much . He 's my best friend , " Rebecca Dunn tearfully said . "  If he sees no other way than to bring out his gun , that 's what he 's going to do , " she said . Both sides to keep fighting After 30 hours of deliberation , a Florida jury on Saturday found Dunn guilty of three counts of attempted murder as well as a count stemming from shooting into the teens ' vehicle . But jurors did n't convict him of murder for the death of 17-year-old Jordan Davis . State Attorney Angela Corey said prosecutors will seek a new trial in Duval County on the murder charge . "  Justice for Jordan Davis is as important as it is for any victim , " said Corey , whose office also prosecuted Zimmerman for the shooting death of Trayvon Martin . Zimmerman was acquitted . Even without a murder conviction , Dunn faces a lengthy prison term . Each attempted second-degree murder conviction carries a minimum sentence of 20 years . There 's also a possible 15-year sentence for the conviction on shooting into the teenagers ' vehicle . "  You are looking basically at life in prison , " Dunn 's attorney Cory Strolla said . "  At 47 years old , that 's a life sentence regardless of count one . " Strolla said he would challenge the convictions and would consider asking for a change of venue . "  For the retrial , I almost think we would have to , " the attorney said . "  But again , I may not be the counsel at that point . We are a long ways away from that . " Opinion : An empty verdict , a hollow victory Analysts disagree Criminal defense attorney Carrie Hackett , who was not involved in Dunn 's case , said she thinks the case may have been another example of overcharging . "  I think that there is an issue of overcharging because there 's always a question when you bring a charge that involves intent , " she told "  CNN Newsroom " on Sunday . "  And in this first-degree murder charge , it 's premeditation . When a jury has to look at -- did somebody plan ? Was this strategic ? Did they communicate this plan to somebody else ? That 's a situation where a jury could very easily get hung up on deciding , what was the person 's intention ? " But another attorney , Mo Ivory , said she did n't think Dunn or Zimmerman was overcharged . "  What I do think is that the prosecution failed to give the jurors what they needed to know about that very intent , " Ivory said . Ten bullets over music On November 23 , 2012 , Michael Dunn pulled into a gas station in Jacksonville and parked next to a red Dodge Durango full of teenagers . Dunn did n't like the loud music -- "  rap crap , " he called it -- coming from the teens ' SUV . So he asked them to turn it down . What happened next depends on whom you believe . Dunn claimed Davis threatened him , and he took matters into his own hands after seeing what he thought was the barrel of a gun sticking out of the Durango . But prosecutors said Dunn lost control , firing three volleys of shots -- 10 bullets total -- at the SUV over music he did n't like . The prosecution also challenged what Dunn did next : He left the gas station and drove 40 miles to a bed and breakfast in St. Augustine . There , he walked his dog , ordered a pizza , then drank rum and cola . After learning almost six hours later that he had killed Davis , Dunn testified that he became "  crazy with grief , " experiencing stomach problems for about four hours before taking a nap . "  My intent was to stop the attack , not necessarily end a life , " he testified . "  It just worked out that way . " Yet his fiancee , Rhonda Rouer , testified that Dunn had never mentioned any weapon to her -- be it a shotgun , a stick , a barrel or a lead pipe . Police found a basketball , basketball shoes , clothing , a camera tripod and cups inside the teenagers ' Durango , but no gun . And Dunn never called police . The first contact he had with them was at his home in Satellite Beach -- 130 miles south of St. Augustine -- as he was being apprehended . Arguing that he was n't in a rational state of mind , Dunn admitted , "  It makes sense that I should have  contacted authorities  . We did n't . I ca n't tell you why . " ' A little bit of closure ' The lack of a murder conviction led protesters to march outside the Jacksonville courthouse , calling for Corey to lose her job . But Davis ' mother , Lucia McBath , did n't express any anger when she spoke to reporters Saturday . She said her family is "  so very happy to have just a little bit of closure . " The verdict came the day before what would have been Jordan Davis ' 19th birthday . "  It 's sad for Mr. Dunn that he will live the rest of his life in that sense of torment , and I will pray for him , " McBath said . "  And I 've asked my family to pray for him . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Greg Botelho and Sunny Hostin contributed to this report .	NEW : Distraught daughter says she ca n't imagine life without her dad Michael Dunn was convicted on three counts of attempted murder Defense vows to challenge convictions ; prosecutor wants to retry Dunn Dunn fatally shot 17-year-old Jordan Davis after a spat over loud music
CNN  -- As thousands of aviation geeks ,  oops , sorry , "  enthusiasts "  , hang out at this week 's giant AirVenture airshow in Oshkosh , Wisconsin , the folks at Disney brought a gift : a sneak preview Friday night of the movie "  Planes . " This is Hollywood 's answer to the wildly successful animated film "  Cars . " "  Planes " aims to celebrate the same passion for travel across skyways that "  Cars " did for highways . Obviously , it 's a safe bet many avgeeks will like it -- it 's about planes ! But are they gon na respect it ? Although aviation enthusiasts tend to appreciate authenticity , attention to detail and accuracy , let 's remind ourselves that this is a fantasy movie about planes that talk . With that in mind , when it comes to the aircraft , does the movie bear any resemblance to reality ? Well , yes , according to Sean Bautista , a veteran pilot who consulted on the film . Bautista , who has flown planes ranging from small Cessnas to fighter jets to Boeing 747 airliners , spoke with CNN from his home in California 's central San Joaquin Valley about his work on "  Planes , " and he pulled back the curtain to reveal a few behind-the-scenes details . CNN : What does this film offer adult aviation enthusiasts ? What can they look forward to ? Sean Bautista : At a screening for aviation enthusiasts I went to , the general comments were that , in the air , it was probably the most accurate aviation movie they 've seen . That includes animated and non-animated movies . But as you watch the movie after a while , I forgot they were airplanes . You get so into the story . Of course , it 's not completely realistic . One thing they did with the movie that 's really unique : On the ground , the airplanes are characters . ... But in the air , with John Lasseter executive producing and Klay Hall directing -- they really pushed for accuracy . These have to be airplanes . They have to fly like airplanes . They have to move like airplanes . We ca n't have them go faster than they would in real life compared to other airplanes . So they really did a good job of holding true to the aviation world . They really did go to great pains -- even down to the dialogue , the radio transmissions and everything -- to keep it as accurate as they could . CNN : Spill the beans : What inaccuracies did you notice ? And what did the filmmakers change because of your comments ? Bautista : Early on  in the production  , I was spending hours watching reels . I would have page after page of comments . I looked at everything , from toys to artwork to script to story to dialogue , everything . I would  point out things that were inaccurate  , and it would start affecting the story . And when that happens , everybody including Klay Hall and the writers gets involved in it . For example , Dusty is a crop duster who dreams about being a racer . The problem is : A crop duster is slow by design . So Dusty is physically limited , and he 's going to be racing against planes that can go four times his speed . So how do you get around that ? It was challenging . I 'd say , ` Well , first you 've got to get rid of the spray boom on the bottom  of the plane  . ' There 's so much drag from that . In the movie , they treated that almost like a vasectomy . He does n't want to lose valuable body parts . And I thought that was a pretty hilarious way that they did it . He needed to reduce drag , increase power -- and I do n't want to give away too much -- but there was a lot they had to work around . At one point  the filmmakers said  , ` OK ,  Dusty 's  racing an airliner ... to train himself . ' And I 'm like , ` That particular airliner he will never , ever , ever be able to catch . You need to change that airliner to a commuter turbo prop pulling in the opposite direction so it 's eating headwinds ... Mostly , my inputs came in the military flying and the airliner stuff . And then looking at controls and things . I remember there 's a scene where a big race starts , and they 're starting their engines , and I had them freeze it , and I watched it back again . I told them that Chu -- one of the main characters -- his propeller is turning backwards . They said , "  What do you mean it 's turning backwards ? " I said , "  Well , either his engine is rotating in the wrong direction , or his propeller -- the way it 's built on him right now , he will go backwards . " And then they had me look , start looking at all the airplanes . And sure enough , I said "  that one would spin circles , because one engine was spinning backwards ; one was spinning forwards . " Things like that . They did n't know or understand the relationship between rotation direction and pitch of the propeller . So there are things in the story that were driven by input that I made , where things like that got changed . As an aviation geek , you 're going to find very little wrong with this movie . CNN : What actual aircraft are represented in this movie ? Or are these characters just amalgamations of planes that might look familiar to us but are not actual aircraft that we might see in real life ? Bautista : Some of them are amalgamations . Dusty is an amalgamation of three different types of crop dusters . Some of them are very close to the real thing . Skipper is an F4U Corsair . There are P-51 Mustangs in the movie . But a lot of the planes , especially the more modern airplanes like airliners and things like that , are what I call "  esque . " They 're very 747-esque . Or Airbus A380-esque . The Navy airplanes are very F-18-esque , but they 're not F-18s . They 're close enough that any aviation enthusiast would recognize them right away . But I think for proprietary reasons , the characters had to be somewhat different . CNN : Do any of the movie characters in "  Planes " remind you of yourself ? Bautista : There are a few characters who have some of my call signs from the military days . Sparky and Dusty are some of my old fighter pilot call signs . But I kind of relate to all the characters . I really like Skipper because he 's an old warrior -- an old fighter plane guy from World War ll . He carries a lot in the soul of his character and in his voice . I can relate to that because of some of the unseen , unknown events in his life in the past that affect who he is . Why is he quiet ? Why is he kind of a shut-in ? I can relate to Dusty and his energy and wanting to go beyond his limitations . I love the fighter characters Bravo and Echo that intercept Dusty . The military sequence was the most fun to work on . CNN : Tell us about your aviation background . Apparently , the filmmakers found someone who knows how to fly a lot of different kinds of aircraft . Bautista : I 'm 55 . My dad flew bombers in England and France during World War II and finished his career in Strategic Air Command . My brothers and I were all fascinated by airplanes ; we grew up near a military base . My younger brother and I both had our pilot 's licenses by the time we turned 17 , which was the youngest age to get your pilot 's license . I flew anything I could get my hands on . In college , I started flying commercially , hauling boxes for FedEx back when nobody knew who they were . I flew old radial engines , twin-engine aircraft called Beech 18 taildraggers . I ended up flying every single-engine Cessna , Piper and Beechcraft built and most of the light twins that they built , like the Cessna 310 , 320 , 340 , 414 , Beechcraft Barons , Piper Navajos . Then I wanted to know if I had what it took to be a fighter pilot . I was fortunate enough to get Air Force pilot training through the Air National Guard . I flew F-4 Phantoms and F-16s before retiring as a major . Then I chased another dream : to fly airliners . I ended up flying 737s , 727s , DC-10s and 747s for United . So I have a background in general aviation and then military fighters for 15 years and then commercial for the past 27 years . My son just got picked by the Air National Guard to fly F-15s , so the aviation legacy is continuing into the third generation .	A pilot/film consultant offers an aviation enthusiast 's view of the new Disney film "  Planes " Sean Bautista advised animators to make changes that made planes fly more realistically He suggested an idea for the movie 's hero , Dusty , that was "  almost like a vasectomy " Executive producer John Lasseter and director Klay Hall "  really pushed for accuracy "
Pretoria  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius -- the standout athlete now on trial accused of the murder of his girlfriend -- plans to sell his Pretoria home "  to raise the necessary funds to cover his increasing legal costs , " a statement on his website said Thursday . The house is where Reeva Steenkamp was shot dead in February 2013 . Pistorius has n't returned since her death , according to the statement . A prosecutor in the Pistorius murder case unexpectedly announced Wednesday that he expects to rest early next week . Pistorius , 27 , could take the stand in his defense as early as next week if the case goes ahead as planned . He admits firing the shots that killed his girlfriend but has pleaded not guilty to murder , saying he thought she was a burglar and he believed he was acting in self-defense . The statement , issued by his media representatives , said the sale of his home was forced by an unexpected extension of the trial from the three weeks initially scheduled . "  It is important to note that Mr. Pistorius has been funding his own defence  sic  from the outset . Due to the delay in finalising  sic  the trial , the decision to urgently dispose of his single biggest asset , has had to be made , " it said . The house has been kept sealed since it was handed back to Pistorius over a year ago , and the athlete "  can not contemplate ever returning to live there again , " it said . Some of Pistorius ' neighbors on the estate have been key witnesses in his trial . The trial has also seen extensive photographs of the interior of the house , including the bloodstains found in the toilet room where Steenkamp was shot . The property , in the luxury Silver Woods Estate on the outskirts of Pretoria , was listed in an affidavit filed by Pistorius last February , only days after Steenkamp 's death , as being worth 5 million Rand . That 's around $ 465,000 at current exchange rates . Pistorius also listed ownership of three other South African properties of lesser value in the affidavit , as well as cash investments , "  household furniture and effects , motor vehicles and jewelery . " His occupational income on the affidavit was listed as about 5.6 million Rand a year . However , he has not competed professionally as an athlete since he was charged with Steenkamp 's murder . Pistorius first achieved global fame as an outstanding double amputee sprinter who ran with special prostheses that earned him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " Police used lasers to track gunshots Gory details lend trial a ` CSI ' flavor CNN 's Richard Allen Greene reported from Pretoria and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius is selling the home "  to cover his increasing legal costs " He 's on trial for murder in the death of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp His home , where Steenkamp died , has been sealed since it was handed back to him Pistorius "  can not contemplate ever returning to live there again , " a statement says
CNN  -- Al Qaeda 's second-in-command called on Pakistanis to back Islamic militants in the country 's tribal areas against what he called an ongoing assault by American "  crusaders " and the Pakistani army . Al-Qaeda 's second-in-command , Ayman al-Zawahiri appears in a video released on September 2 , 2006 . Punishment from God was promised for Muslims who did not follow the words of Ayman al-Zawahiri in a video that appeared on radical Islamist Web sites Thursday . "  The war in the tribal areas and Swat -LSB- Valley -RSB- is an inseparable part of the crusaders ' assault on the Muslims the length and breadth of the Islamic world , " al-Zawahiri said in the video , titled "  Path of Doom . " "  This is the battle , briefly and plainly ; and this is why anyone who supports the Americans and Pakistan army -- under any pretext , ploy or lie -- is in fact standing with , backing and supporting the crusaders against Islam and Muslims . " The Pakistani military is fighting Taliban militants in the country 's north , and missile attacks from suspected U.S. drones have targeted militant leaders -- one of them killing Baitullah Mehsud , the leader of the Pakistani Taliban . Reports from the region suggest government troops have dislodged the Taliban from many areas of the North West Frontier Province , but militant attacks continue daily . In the video , Al-Zawahiri suggested that the United States has wider goals in the region . "  They want to eliminate the Mujahedeen  Islamic militants  in the tribal areas so they can seek to smother the Jihad in Afghanistan , " he said . NATO-led forces are battling the Taliban across the border in Afghanistan as well . U.S. and British forces launched offensives in Helmand province this summer . Al-Zawahiri warned Muslims that they have a religious duty to support the jihad , or struggle , or face punishment from God . "  No people abandons Jihad without Allah giving them a general punishment , " he said , quoting the Quran . Al-Zawahiri also prayed for the annihilation "  the Americans and Jews " and anyone who might help them .	Al Qaeda 's second-in-command calls Pakistanis to back Islamic militants in video The Pakistani military is fighting Taliban militants in the country 's north Video , in which Ayman al-Zawahiri speaks , appeared on radical Islamist Web sites
Kamaishi , Japan  CNN  -- Six months ago , I stood on a corner in Kamaishi , in northeastern Japan and believed this small city would never recover from the devastation caused by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami . I was n't being a pessimist . It was simply that my eyes could barely comprehend the damage to this town . Cars sat atop four-story apartment buildings , as entire neighborhoods looked as if the homes had been placed in a blender . A fishing vessel was even swept from its mooring onto a street . But the physical damage paled in comparison to the human toll . Missing person notices wallpapered the makeshift city hall . The line of family members filing for death certificates went from one side of the building to the other . Living with aftermath of Japan 's tsunami To an outsider it appeared Kamaishi had little to offer other than grief and despair moving forward . Daiji Murai , a city worker , feared the living would abandon the city , killing what the tsunami did not . In his unheated city office , Murai told me in March that Kamaishi was his city , the only place he ever wanted to and hoped to live . "  I fear the residents may be too afraid to come back and live here again , " he said . But when I asked if Kamaishi as a city would cease to exist , Murai was emphatic . "  I am convinced it will come back . I will do all that I can for that . " He paused , tears choking his next sentence . "  This is the city I was born in . I do n't want to lose my hometown . I want to see my city come back . " I met up with Murai again recently , my first trip to Kamaishi since the immediate aftermath of the tsunami . He was keen to point out the progress made in the reconstruction effort . The change in Kamaishi 's downtown is remarkable . The massive job of clearing debris , while not complete , has been successful throughout much of the city . The hotel around the corner , he said , is back in business . Look down the street , he added , smiling , there 's no debris . But what makes Murai most proud is being able to report that only 2,000 people from this city of 39,000 have actually left . "  Kamaishi will come back and will become an even better city , " he said . "  That sort of spirit did n't exist before the tsunami . But we all have a passion and we 're all determined . " But he admits the city still faces massive challenges . The steel and fishing industries , Kamaishi 's economic base , have yet to resume their operations , while many businesses and jobs have not returned . Thousands of people , including Murai , his wife and two children , are in temporary housing , with no immediate prospect of an income . But one by one the city is tackling each obstacle , united in its goal . "  At the end of each day , I now think ` another day has ended and I 'm glad to have lived this day , ' " reflected Murai . "  And I 'm glad when morning comes . "	Much of Kamaishi looked as if it had been placed in a blender after the tsunami Daiji Murai , a spokesman for the city , feared the living would abandon the city Six months later , the city in northeastern Japan has made huge progress But many businesses still remain closed , with thousands still in temporary housing
New Delhi  CNN  -- A diplomatic showdown between Italy and India is escalating , with Rome saying that an Indian court order forbidding the Italian ambassador from leaving the South Asian country breaches international law . The dispute centers on Italy 's refusal to send back two of its marines who are due to face trial in India over accusations they killed two Indian fishermen off the country 's coast last year . Last month , the Indian Supreme Court allowed the two Italian sailors -- Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone -- to go back to Italy to participate in national elections after Ambassador Daniele Mancini gave assurances they would return in four weeks . When the two sailors failed to come back last week , the court temporarily barred Mancini from leaving India and demanded an explanation from him . On Monday , the court extended the travel ban until April 2 . And Chief Justice Altamas Kabir suggested that by making a pledge before the court , Mancini had no immunity in the case , according to CNN affiliate IBN . The Italian foreign ministry responded strongly to the court 's actions . "  The decision by the Supreme Court to block our ambassador from leaving the country without the court 's permission constitutes an evident violation of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations , which codifies universally recognized principals , " the ministry said Monday . Article 31 of the convention states that a diplomat enjoys immunity from the criminal , civil and administrative jurisdictions of the receiving state , except in certain cases related to private property , succession and unofficial professional and commercial activities . India said last week that the court order restricting Mancini 's movements did n't contravene the convention . Opposing views Italy insists the February 2012 shooting involving its marines happened in international waters and was therefore outside of Indian jurisdiction . Latorre and Girone say they mistook the fishermen for pirates . Rome said last week that the two sailors would n't go back to India , calling the situation "  an international dispute between the two states . " In its statement Monday , the Italian foreign ministry said it believes the case of the two sailors should be resolved under international law . The case has fueled anger in New Delhi , with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh warning Rome of consequences . "  Our government has already made it clear that these actions of the government of Italy are not acceptable . They violate every rule of diplomatic discourse and call into question solemn commitments given by accredited representatives of a sovereign government to our supreme court , " he said in parliament last week . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Rome says Indian actions breach the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations Two Italian sailors face trial in India in connection with the killings of 2 Indian fishermen India 's Supreme Court allowed the sailors to leave India on condition they would return It 's barring the Italian ambassador from leaving , since he said the sailors would return
CNN  -- Goals from Lee Jung-Soo and Park Ji-Sung earned South Korea a comfortable 2-0 win against Greece in the opening match of Group B played in Port Elizabeth . The 2002 World Cup semifinalists created a string of chances against a poor Greek side who never looked like getting on the score sheet . Central defender Lee Jung-Soo opened the scoring for South Korea in the seventh minute , volleying home from close range from a well directed free kick delivered by Ki Sung-Yong . South Korea should have gone 2-0 up after 23 minutes when Monaco striker Park Chu-Young was sent through on goal by a defense-splitting pass from the boot of Park Ji-Sung . Chu-Young was only denied by a fine save from Greek goalkeeper Alexandros Tzorvas which saw the ball cannon onto the roof of the net . The Greeks were fortunate not to be further behind at half time as South Korea continued to push forward with a series of incisive moves . Aside from a chance which fell to defender Vasileios Torosidis in the third minute , and an error from South Korea 's goalkeeper Jung Sung Ryon late in the first half Greece never looked like scoring . The second half carried on where the first finished off , and it was no surprise when Park Ji-Sung added a second for South Korea after 52 minutes . Latching on to a mistake made by Loukas Vyntra , the Manchester United midfielder swept forward into the penalty area before coolly slotting past a helpless Tzorvas . The goal did seem to finally wake Greece from their slumber , and striker Theofanis Gekas forced a fine save from Jung Sung Ryon in the 80th minute but it was a rare moment of skill in a woeful display by the 2004 European Champions . Moments later , Lee Chung Young nearly added a third for South Korea at the other end . The result means Greece continue their winless World Cup finals record . Their only other appearance in 1994 finals yielded no goals and no points . South Korea face a sterner test next Thursday when they meet Argentina in Johannesburg , while the Greeks meet Nigeria in Bloemfontein .	South Korea open their 2010 World Cup campaign with 2-0 victory over Greece Goals from Lee Jung-Soo and Park Ji-Sung see the 2002 World Cup semi-finalists coast to victory Greece yet to score a goal or a point in any World Cup finals
Hong Kong  CNN  -- We live in a three-speed economic world , according to the International Monetary Fund . Nations that enjoy the fastest growth include China , India and other emerging countries . Moving at a moderate pace are the United States , finally seeing the light at the end of the 2008 financial crisis tunnel , and Japan , riding a resurgence thanks to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's vow for a 2 % inflation target . But economic growth across most of Europe is still growing at a crawl . Earlier this month , IMF managing director Christine Lagarde , said this current three-speed world is setting up financial imbalances that could pave the way for future crises . And just this week , against this backdrop of divergent growth rates , the IMF cut world economic growth for 2013 from 3.5 % to 3.3 % . But Olivier Blanchard , IMF chief economist , told CNN 's Richard Quest that there is reason to be hopeful . "  The reason to be optimistic is to look at what has happened in the U.S. For a while , the question was ` Where is growth going to come from ? ' . And what you see is nearly 100 flowers blooming , " Blanchard said . "  People are becoming more optimistic . The fact that there was no housing construction means that we do n't have enough houses , so housing is doing well . Monetary policy is aggressive . People believe it . Banks are improving . " A recent report by Case-Shiller says U.S. home prices are slowly returning to normal , with a prediction that average home prices will rise an average of 3.3 % through September 2017 . U.S unemployment fell to 7.6 % in March , its lowest since December 2008 , although much of the fall that month was attributed to attrition in the number of people looking for jobs . The question , adds Blanchard , is how Europe can stage a U.S.-style recovery despite a crisis in confidence across much of the Continent . Record unemployment in the eurozone -- at 12 % in February -- means about 19 million people are jobless . Nearly one in four of those unemployed are under 25 . "  If you look in Europe -- in particular core Europe -- what you see is people do n't have any hope and so what they do is they do n't spend , and firms do n't invest and banks do n't lend , " said Blanchard . "  And it just feeds on itself . Now if they had confidence , they would spend more , firms would invest more , banks would do more and we could have growth . It can happen but the point is how do we make it happen ? " Blanchard says the only tool that remains is monetary policy -- a cut to interest rates . Yet , despite warnings from IMF chief Christine Lagarde and prominent American economist Nouriel Roubini , the European Central Bank has left rates unchanged since July 2012 , with the benchmark rate standing pat at 0.75 % . "  We have to use all the tools we have , " said Blanchard . "  The tool which remains is monetary policy . Has it gone too far ? I do n't think it 's too far . There are some risks associated ... but my sense is the benefits far exceed the risks or the cost . "	IMF says world economies are separating into three different speeds China , India growing fastest , U.S. and Japan have moderate growth , Europe slowest In April , IMF cut global growth forecast from 3.5 % to 3.3 % for 2013 IMF chief economist still hopeful , says best tool for Europe is monetary policy
Edinburgh  CNN  -- In the 20th century , getting your child a toy car meant a trip to a shopping mall . In the 21st century , it can mean going to your computer , downloading a file and creating the toy on your 3-D printer . Only that is not quite revolutionary enough for Massimo Banzi , who spoke at the TED Global conference in Edinburgh , Scotland , in late June . As Banzi pointed out , the 3-D printer a friend of his used to build a toy car was itself an open-source device -- one that could be produced by anyone from freely available plans . The open-source maker movement offers an immense range of possibilities for creativity -- and in some ways , Banzi has been at the center of it . He is part of a team of five people behind "  Arduino , " a pocket-sized open-source circuit board with a microprocessor that has been used as the brains of thousands of custom devices . Watch Massimo Banzi 's TED Talk For someone who needed to make sure his sick cat got special food not available to his healthy cat , an Arduino motherboard controlled a device , using a converted CD player , that enabled and restricted access to a bowl . For a 14-year-old inventor in Chile , Arduino was a building block in an earthquake monitoring system , connected to a Twitter feed , that provides seismic information ; Banzi noted it was completed at least a year ahead of a planned government project with a similar aim . For Matt Richardson , who had grown tired of hearing about overexposed celebrities , Arduino was a key component of a product called "  The Enough Already , " a system that mutes your television 's volume whenever the names Charlie Sheen , Donald Trump , Sarah Palin and Kim Kardashian are mentioned . Arduino played a similar role for the plant monitoring device that tweets "  Water me please , " the fetal monitoring device that tweets when the soon-to-be baby kicks inside the womb , the mini copter device that can transport items from one village in Africa to another , the network of custom-built radiation detectors deployed by concerned citizens in Japan after the Fukushima disaster , and the device developed at New York University that enables a disabled boy to play a baseball video game . "  You do n't need anybody 's permission to create something great , says Banzi . "  If you have an idea , you just go and you make it . " TED.com : Boaz Almog levitates a superconductor The open nature of Banzi 's system fit well with the theme of the TED Global conference : "  Radical openness . " TED is a nonprofit organization dedicated to "  Ideas worth spreading . " It holds conferences with high prices -- $ 6,000 to attend the one in Edinburgh -- but it distributes selected talks free online . Its more than 1,000 talks at www.TED.com have been viewed 800 million times , the organization says .  CNN has a partnership with TED in which it publishes selected talks with additional content . Over five days , more than 70 speakers and performers explored the varieties of openness and its uses in science , politics , technology , government and the arts . Don Tapscott , a Canadian consultant and author focused on technology and society , began the conference with a talk suggesting that "  the arc of history is a positive one and it 's toward openness , " though he warned that transparency has its risks : If you 're going to be naked , "  fitness is no longer optional . " Tapscott : Four principles for the open world Filmmaker and former Current TV host Jason Silva , who is adept at blending together abstract cultural and philosophical themes , debuted a warp-speed video on the theme of radical openness , ending with a "  Wow " that made his point that "  awe makes things new again . " NATO Supreme Commander James Stavridis called for open-source security , arguing that in the 21st century , the West is n't going to achieve stability only through the barrel of a gun or by building walls . He stressed the value of reaching out to people through social networks and providing services such as teaching Afghan soldiers to read . Ellen Jorgensen , who created a community "  biolab " in New York , examined how DIY techniques can open up the world of biology , enabling us to understand ourselves , and our world , better than ever . Labs run by "  biohackers " can identify invasive species , check your food , analyze your ancestry or pinpoint the dog that 's fouling your lawn . Marc Goodman , a law enforcement expert , explored the downside of radical openness , describing how the terrorists in the Mumbai massacre used search engines and other technology to identify and hunt down victims . Criminals can turn the tools of transparency and technology against us , he warned : "  Control the code , control the world . " Beth Noveck , former deputy chief technology officer in the Obama administration , called for an open-source approach to rethinking government , making its operating system as accessible to everyone as the code that powers the Arduino device . And , closing the conference , theorist and teacher Clay Shirky pointed to the promise of open-source approaches to social and political issues . Shirky on TED.com : How cognitive surplus will change the world Nearly 2 million people around the world use a site called Github to collaborate on software without being part of a formal coordinating structure . Some are now exploring ways to apply the open-source process outside the world of programming , Shirky said . Once you open up the process , it 's not easy to shut it down . Shirky mentioned the case of the 9-year-old Scottish girl whose blog describing the lunches being served at her school drew wide attention , prompting a decision by local authorities to order her to stop . What made officials think they could get away with shutting down her blog ? Shirky said : "  All of human history up to now . " In the end , the officials relented in the face of widespread criticism and allowed the blog to continue -- a sign that openness is now not just a goal , but a feature of the world we live in .	Open-source movement offers infinite opportunity for invention Massimo Banzi 's Arduino motherboards control thousands of DIY devices Banzi says if you have an idea for something , you can create it He spoke at TED Global 2012 conference on "  radical openness "
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson said Saturday he is concerned about escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula , where he is urging "  maximum " restraint ahead of scheduled military exercises . "  This is a tinderbox , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , who is traveling with the governor in North Korea . "  Right now , my objective is to say -- tamp things down . " Both Koreas have traded tough talk and conducted aggressive military drills in the weeks after North Korea shelled a South Korean island last month . The tough talk continued Friday as North Korea warned it would launch a military strike against the South if Seoul goes ahead with live-fire drills near Yeonpyeong Island during the next few days , North Korea 's state-run KCNA reported . The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff said Thursday that the exercises would take place in the seas southwest of the island between December 18 and 21 . Richardson , a former U.N. ambassador , arrived in North Korea Thursday on a four-day trip he hopes will help to ease tensions in the region . "  Let 's cool things down . No response . Let the exercises take place , " said Richardson , who added : "  On all sides , I 'm urging restraint . " He met with a vice minister of North Korea 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Friday and is scheduled to meet with North Korea 's senior nuclear negotiator Kim Gye Gwan on Saturday . The governor is also expected to meet with a top military leader while in North Korea , though he did not say who . "  Meeting a top military person is significant , " said Richardson , who has hosted a North Korean delegation in New Mexico in the past . "  Hopefully , we can keep things from firing up . " "  My sense from the North Koreans is they are trying to find ways to tamp this down ... Maybe that will continue today . That 's my hope , " he said . Richardson is not in North Korea as an official U.S. envoy . Tensions mounted between the Koreas on November 23 , when North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , which lies in South Korean territory . The attack killed two marines and two civilians and injured 18 people . The North has accused the South of provoking the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . Last month 's attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . The U.S. military has said it is concerned that South Korea 's scheduled exercises could spark an uncontrollable clash with the North , but the State Department said the exercises are not meant to be threatening or provocative . Still , the Obama administration and South Korea have established contingency communication plans in the event North Korea retaliates against the South for holding military exercises , a U.S. military official said Friday . The scheduled South Korea exercise has sparked concern from Washington to Moscow . Russia asked South Korea to cancel the drills after North Korea vowed to strike back if they proceed . "  It 's obviously a very , very tense situation , " said CNN 's Blitzer . "  People are very very worried that one miscalculation could cause a disaster . " Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 5pm to 8pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	Richardson says he hopes to calm tensions The governor is scheduled to meet with top nuclear and military leaders He urges restraint "  on all sides "
Israeli warplanes struck a military base near the Syrian port city of Latakia this week , an Obama administration official told CNN on Thursday . An explosion at a missile storage site in the area was reported in the Middle Eastern press , but an attack has not been confirmed by the Israeli government . The target , according to the Obama administration official , was missiles and related equipment the Israelis felt might be transferred to the Lebanon-based militant group Hezbollah . The official declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information . There was some confusion about the timing of the attack , with some reports saying it happened Wednesday , and others saying Thursday . When asked for comment , an Israel Defense Forces spokeswoman told CNN : "  We do n't refer to foreign reports . " Israel has been accused several other times this year of launching airstrikes inside Syria , including once in January . In the January incident , a U.S. official said Israeli fighter jets bombed a Syrian convoy suspected of moving weapons to Hezbollah . Israel 's military did not comment on any of the allegations at the time , but has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah or other groups designated as terrorists , as well as any effort to smuggle Syrian weapons into Lebanon that could threaten Israel . Thursday 's reports of a blast come amid a Syrian civil war in which Hezbollah , a Shiite Muslim militant group , has been helping Syrian government forces . Syria 's government is led by President Bashar al-Assad , a member of the Shiite offshoot Alawite sect ; the rebels and other militants fighting al-Assad 's forces and Hezbollah are largely made up of Sunni Muslims . The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement and is now a full-blown civil war . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict . On Thursday , the Syrian military took back control of al Safira , a town that is believed to house a chemical weapons production facility . Rebels withdrew from the strategic town , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . International inspectors are trying to ensure that Syria eliminates its chemical weapons stockpile by the middle of next year . Syria agreed to the program under international pressure earlier this year . One of the monitoring groups , the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , said Thursday that Syria has destroyed all its declared chemical weapons mixing , filling and production facilities , and all of the chemical weapons at inspected sites have been placed under seal . The watchdog body 's announcement of the facilities ' destruction meant that Syria met a key deadline in the elimination program . The joint United Nations-OPCW mission visited 21 out of 23 sites , an OPCW statement said , and 39 of the 41 facilities at those sites . The remaining two sites were too dangerous for the inspectors to go to , it said , but Syria had declared those sites abandoned . The chemical weapons equipment there was moved to other sites , which were inspected .	The Syrian military regains control of the town of al Safira Israel Defense Forces spokeswoman : "  We do n't refer to foreign reports " U.S. official : Targeted were missiles , equipment the Israelis felt might be given to Hezbollah Israel has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah
Venezuela 's Supreme Court rejected a ruling from an international human rights court Monday , all but assuring opposition candidate Leopoldo Lopez will not challenge President Hugo Chavez in next year 's election . The country 's top court ruled against the Inter-American Court of Human Rights , which in September came out in support of Lopez 's fight to run for office . Chavez 's government accused Lopez of corruption during his tenure as the mayor of the municipality of Chacao , and through an administrative procedure barred him in 2008 from running for public office for six years . Lopez argued he had been unjustly banned , and the international court agreed . Venezuela , however , will not abide by the ruling . The Supreme Court released a statement Monday calling it "  unfeasible . " Curiously , the court also stressed that the ban against Lopez is "  administrative , " and "  not political . " So in theory he could still compete in elections , though he would not be allowed to hold office . Lopez had been considered one of the top contenders to challenge Chavez in next year 's presidential election . At issue are two accusations made against him -- one in 1998 when he was an analyst for the state-run PDVSA oil company , and another in 2002 for alleged budgetary modifications while he was mayor . Lopez was never convicted of any crimes . He is n't the only one barred from competing in Venezuelan elections . In the run-up to the pivotal 2008 elections , hundreds of politicians were prevented from running , the vast majority from parties opposed to Chavez . Lopez , in 2008 , was running for mayor of Caracas , the South American nation 's capital . Chavez has ruled Venezuela for more than 12 years . Despite his ongoing battle with cancer , the charismatic president has said he plans to seek re-election .	Country 's Supreme Court rejects international ruling Opposition politician Leopoldo Lopez will not be allowed to hold office The government accuses him of corruption , though he has n't been convicted Lopez was considered leading contender for presidency
Health.com  -- An antibiotic widely used to treat diarrhea in travelers may also provide some relief to people with the common and difficult-to-treat condition known as irritable bowel syndrome , according to a pair of new studies in the New England Journal of Medicine . The Food and Drug Administration has not yet approved the antibiotic , rifaximin , for use in IBS , which affects as many as 1 in 5 U.S. adults . The agency is currently reviewing the drug for that purpose and is expected to make a decision in March . In the studies , 1,200 IBS patients took rifaximin or a placebo pill three times a day for two weeks . Roughly 40 percent of the patients who took the antibiotic reported substantial relief from symptoms such as bloating , abdominal pain , and loose stools for at least two weeks during the subsequent month , compared with a little under one-third of the patients taking placebo . All of the patients in the studies had a form of IBS that does not involve constipation . Health.com : 12 surprising causes of constipation "  It made all the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome better , which we do n't see too often in studies , " says the lead researcher , Mark Pimentel , M.D. , a gastroenterologist at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , in Los Angeles . The studies were funded by the maker of rifaximin , Salix Pharmaceuticals , which was also involved in collecting and analyzing the data .  This arrangement is n't unusual in these types of studies , which are known as phase 3 trials and are generally the last research step in the FDA approval process .  In addition , Pimentel and several of his co-authors report financial relationships with Salix , including receiving consulting fees from the company . Health.com : Quick cures for stomach troubles Rifaximin , sold under the brand name Xifaxan for travelers ' diarrhea , appears to be safe and does n't seem to foster resistance among gut bacteria , meaning it can be used over and over , Pimentel says . That could be important , because the number of study participants who reported lasting relief from their two-week rifaximin regimen gradually declined in the 10 weeks following treatment . Despite the relatively small percentage of patients who responded to the drug , doctors who have been frustrated by the lack of effective IBS treatments say they would welcome another option . Charlene Prather , M.D. , a professor of internal medicine at Saint Louis University , in Missouri , says that while she 'd hoped to see a "  more robust effect " from rifaximin in the studies , she nevertheless would like the FDA to approve the drug for IBS . "  It still provides me with something I can offer my patients , " says Prather , who was not involved in the new research . Health.com : 10 things that can make incontinence worse Currently , "  there are no good options " for treating IBS , says Timothy Pfanner , M.D. , a gastroenterologist and assistant professor of internal medicine at Texas A&M Health Science Center , in Temple . Rifaximin may benefit a subgroup of patients with IBS , Pfanner says , although he stresses that most people in the study did not experience relief from their symptoms . "  As a doctor , I 'd need to treat 10 patients for one to improve , " he adds . Rifaximin would be the first antibiotic approved by the FDA for the treatment of IBS . Aside from providing evidence of the drug 's effectiveness , the study findings -- especially with regard to bloating -- support the theory that bacteria may be partially responsible for IBS . Health.com : Alternative therapies for irritable bowel syndrome  IBS Bloating is sometimes thought to be related to bacterial imbalances in the gut , and antibiotics are a class of drugs that work only against bacteria . "  That suggests that we hit upon a cause of IBS , " Pimentel says . This theory is still controversial . Prather says that while there is some evidence to suggest that bacteria plays a role in IBS , it 's unclear whether changes in gut bacteria are a cause or an effect of the syndrome . Copyright Health Magazine 2010	New studies show that an antibiotic may provide relief to people with IBS About 40 percent of the patients who took the antibiotic reported relief from symptoms The FDA has not yet approved the antibiotic , rifaximin , for use in IBS
The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday declined to hear an emergency application for a stay filed by a Florida deep-sea salvage company that wanted to maintain possession of a half billion dollars worth of gold and silver coins until a final decision is made about who owns them . "  Spain has now been victorious at every level in the United States courts , from Tampa to Atlanta to Washington , " said Jim Goold , who defended Spain 's claim to the treasure . "  I am pleased and proud for all of us . " Odyssey Marine Exploration had made an emergency appeal to the high court in an attempt to block a lower court 's order last week that it turn over the treasure to Spain . Justice Clarence Thomas , who has jurisdiction over applications from Florida , denied without comment the motion in Odyssey Marine Exploration Inc. v. Kingdom of Spain . The company has filed at least one another stay request with the justices . Melinda MacConnel , Odyssey 's vice president and general counsel , expressed disappointment , but said she recognized that the court "  rarely grants " such motions . "  How we proceed from here will depend on whether a mandate issues and what a subsequent order might look like , especially given the fact that the courts have determined they do not have jurisdiction in the case , " she said in a statement . Goold said it was unlikely that the Supreme Court would review the case . "  The Supreme Court accepts 1 % or less of such requests and today 's decision makes a strong statement about their chances , " he said . The dispute goes back to 2007 , when Odyssey announced it had found a 19th-century sunken ship off of Spain . The company claimed ownership of the coins and said it had flown them to a guarded location in the United States . Spain filed suit in a federal court in Tampa , Florida , also claiming the treasure . Spain says its navy warship Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes was carrying the coins . The 34-gun frigate left Peru in 1804 and crossed the Atlantic to within a day 's sail from Spain when British ships attacked the Spanish fleet . In the ensuing Battle of Cape St. Mary , south of Portugal , the Mercedes was hit in its powder magazine and exploded , according to the Spanish government 's filing to the Florida court . In 2009 , the federal court in Tampa ruled in favor of Spain and the federal appeals court in Atlanta upheld the ruling last September . Last week , the appeals court denied an Odyssey motion , which Odyssey appealed to the Supreme Court . The appeals court is expected to send the case back to the court in Tampa , which would establish and supervise the procedures for sending the coins to Spain , Goold said last week . Spain believes that most of the nearly 600,000 coins are currently in Florida , Goold said . Spain 's Culture Minister , Jose Ignacio Wert , told CNN in Madrid on Wednesday that the case was never really about the money . "  We 're not going to use this money for purposes other than artistic exhibition , but this is something that enriches our material , artistic capital and it has to be appreciated as such , " Wert said in an interview . He said the coins would be exhibited at Spanish museums , and perhaps elsewhere . Peru , too , has followed the fate of the coins , which came from Latin America when Peru was a Spanish colony . "  Formally , they have n't claimed anything , but we are completely open to consider the possibility of distributing some part of the treasure also among the Latin American museums , " Wert said . The treasure includes fabled "  pieces of eight , " some minted in 1803 in Lima , Peru , Spanish officials have said .	Odyssey 's bid to hold on to gold and silver coins was set back Justice Clarence Thomas declined the motion without comment Spain has won U.S. court rulings to date
CNN  -- Africa is buzzing with its own brand of innovation , taking existing technology and adapting it to new uses . Mobile technology , for example , has become a game changer in many parts of the continent , with cell phones being used for everything from transferring money to providing health care information . But Africa 's resourcefulness goes far beyond the mobile phone , and according to Nigerian-American journalist Dayo Olopade , author of forthcoming book "  The Bright Continent , " advanced economies can learn a thing or two from Africa 's innovative spirit . "  There are ways of doing more with less that are very organic to the African ecosystem , and I think in general in the 21st century there 's a very important recognition that we need to all do more with less , and where better to look that the place that has been doing this for centuries ? " said Olopade . CNN 's Robyn Curnow sat down with Olopade to talk about what global businesses can learn from African innovation . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : So what you 're saying is that African innovation can teach the rest of the world something ? Dayo Olopade : That 's right and it 's very counter-intuitive to say that the place where we 've poured trillions of dollars of aid , we 've tried rock stars , we 've tried celebrity-led campaign ads , we 've tried all sorts of things to help Africa , but the tools to help Africa really lie within the region , and that 's really not necessarily aid flows but human capital . It 's a continent approaching a billion people , all of whom have something to say . It 's a very young place -- I think something like 60 % of the population is under 35 -- and so in the next decade we 're going to see this generation really take advantage of what is both global technology and global ideas and what they 're already working with on the ground and there are so many examples that I see all over the place . CNN : What are some of the examples ? DO : Well , for one , I think technology is very different , the way that people use things is very different than in more advanced economies -- I like to call it the difference between a fat economy and a lean economy . In a fat economy , a bicycle is just a bicycle , or a cell phone is just a cell phone ; in a lean economy , I 've seen men in Kenya making phone chargers using their bicycles , where it 's double use . Where electricity goes out and you have a cell phone that 's out of juice , you can then plug your cell phone into a bike and peddle away and also charge your phone . So it 's about recombination , recycling , innovative use of existing objects . I actually just heard about something here in South Africa which is a woman who created a washing machine using the vuvuzela , where she poked holes in it and it was something that could be used as a washing machine . CNN : What is somebody reading this book when it is published , sitting in London , going to take from a vuvuzela washing machine ? They 're not going to take the practicality of that -- what 's going to make them say ` wow , I did n't know that ? ' DO : Well I think what it is , is a sense of individual responsibility and a sense of entrepreneurship ... I do n't think you can walk along the streets of Lagos or you can walk along the streets of Accra or walk along the streets of Johannesburg without finding somebody who has got two jobs . They 've got the thing that they 're doing and they 've got their side hustle and I think the ability for people to find opportunity where there is none is something very important in terms of the way that the 21st century will move forward . CNN : So clearly you 're an Afro-optimist ? DO : Yes -- I think everything that is happening or is about to happen in Africa is extremely exciting . I think there are lessons to be learned from the way that people treat reality as something to build on . I think there is a certain optimism sort of natural to living in a place -- and obviously everywhere is different -- where there are barriers , where there are confrontations , where there are conflicts , where life can be difficult . But I think that this is , not to be trite , but this is building character . I think that people who have had to figure out ways to get by with a government that wo n't serve them , with roads that are bad or , as I said , electricity that 's inconstant , they 're finding ways around it , and again , if you can make it work in Africa , I think you can make it work anywhere .	Nigerian-American journalist Dayo Olopade is author of ` The Bright Continent ' Olopade believes advanced economies can learn from Africa 's innovative spirit "  It 's about recombination , recycling , innovative use of existing objects , " she says
Washington  CNN  -- No veteran should be forgotten , President Barack Obama said Saturday while commemorating the end 60 years ago of the Korean conflict , sometimes described as the "  forgotten war . " He laid a wreath at the Korean War Veterans Memorial on the National Mall and spoke to veterans and family members with ties to both U.S. and Korean troops , an audience estimated by event organizers to number 5,000 . Active hostilities on the Korean conflict halted six decades ago with the signing of an armistice agreement , leaving the war between the North and South in suspension , and the peninsula divided by a demilitarized zone where tensions remain tense to this day . More than 36,000 U.S. troops died and 103,000 were wounded in the three-year conflict . Fast facts : Korean War The military says just over 7,900 U.S. troops remain missing , and Obama expressed a commitment to "  give these families a full accounting of their loved ones . " For example , the family of Sgt. 1st Class William Robinson , who went missing at 26 in 1950 , will bury his remains in Pennsylvania this week , he said . He noted that returning veterans were not welcomed by parades or protests and said these veterans , as do all , "  deserved better . " Pondering Pyongyang : Beijing 's problem child "  Here in America , no war should ever be forgotten , and no veteran should ever be overlooked , " Obama said , pronouncing the war a definitive win . "  Korea was a victory , " he said , because South Koreans live "  in stark contrast to the repression and poverty of the North . " North Korea , meanwhile , observed what they called "  Victory Day " on Saturday in the capital city Pyongyang with a lengthy military parade that was reviewed by leader Kim Jong Un and the Chinese vice president , Li Yuanchao . Cosmetic change , but no real reform , in North Korea Obama 's remarks come as the U.S. military draws down from over a decade of war in Afghanistan . He said the nation should "  make it our mission to give  veterans  the respect and the care and the opportunities that they have earned . " His wife , first lady Michelle Obama , has led an initiative for veterans and military families called Joining Forces . Talking peace with a backdrop of war The president was joined by Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , a Vietnam War veteran who is the first former enlisted soldier to hold that position , as well as representatives from the South Korean government and military and the U.S. government . Hagel said the nearly two dozen nations who aided South Korea "  showed the world that different nations and different peoples and different nations can accomplish many , many good things in the world when we work together . " Veteran POWs recall misery of North Korean captivity	The president lays a wreath at the Korean War Veterans Memorial Family members with ties to both U.S. and Korean troops are on hand "  No veteran should ever be overlooked , " he says
CNN  It 's a story that could have borrowed some of its plot from a Bollywood movie , but audiences might have scoffed at the improbable ending Krishna Poonia achieved in real life . A script containing some classic storytelling themes -- poor rural upbringing , family tragedy , arranged marriages and political ambitions -- was afforded its defining element when Poonia put in an historic performance at the Commonwealth Games held in 2010 . In the entire 80-year history of the quadrennial sporting jamboree , no Indian female had ever claimed gold in a track and field event until Poonia snatched a momentous victory in the women 's discus . Her winning throw of 61.51 meters led an Indian clean sweep in the event  compatriots Harwant Kaur and Seema Antil took silver and bronze respectively  and also ensured India 's first win in the athletics stadium since the runner Milkha Singh , known as "  The Flying Sikh , " dashed to gold in the men 's 440 yards at the Games held in Cardiff , Wales way back in 1958 . "  I can never forget that moment when I won the gold medal and when I took the victory lap with the flag , " Poonia told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  For four years I was seeing the moment in my dreams and now I was finally seeing it in reality , " she added wiping away tears from her eyes . Poonia could be forgiven for welling up given her journey from provincial backwater to a packed stadium in New Delhi . Born in the small town of Agroha in the state of Haryana , Poonia was brought up in by her father and grandmother after her mother died when she was just nine years old . Living among the Jat people -- a traditional agricultural community in northern India -- Poonia recalls a childhood where physical fitness was honed working the land not at play on a sports field . "  Most people are agriculturalist and their routine is to get up early and feed the livestock and after breakfast they leave for the fields , " she explains . "  My family had a milk dairy and we had around 70-80 buffalo . The work of the milking was only done by the family ... and when I was  15-16 years old  I would help , milking seven to eight buffaloes in one go . " School afforded something of a respite from this routine as well as providing an outlet for her growing interest in sport which was exercised further as she continued her formal education . "  When I got to college I used to compete with the other girls . My height and strength was good -- I could throw well , " she explains . It was during this time that she got married , but rather than strangling her sporting ambitions , wedlock set them free . "  In our community we mostly have arranged marriages , but by the grace of god or luck my husband was a sportsman , " she said . Virender Singh had been a promising junior hammer thrower who had won medals at Asian Youth Games before injury forced him into early retirement . But when he married Poonia his sporting energies were revitalized as he applied himself to the role of husband and coach . "  After getting married to Virender , I got to learn a lot -- he knew about the Asian Games , the Olympics and knew what it meant to win medals ... " she said . "  When he told me about it I thought that I should be a part of it as well . " With his knowledge and his unflinching support -- "  he had 100 % belief in me , " she says -- Poonia set about trying to achieve her newly-discovered sporting goals . There were setbacks along the way -- a back injury in 2000 almost finished her career and the birth of a son the following year meant she had to juggle parental responsibilities alongside training - but her commitment paid off in the long run . Bronze medals at the 2006 and 2010 Asian Games preceded her historic gold medal performance at the Commonwealth Games . More records were broken two years later at the London Olympics when Poonia became the first Indian woman ever to reach the Olympic discus final , eventually finishing a creditable sixth . The 32-year-old has since used her sporting fame to good effect away from the discus circle helping the Rajasthan state Health Ministry in their campaigns to curb the ongoing curse of female foeticide . The selective abortion of female fetuses is a continuing problem in India , and is particularly prevalent in Haryana where Poonia grew up , according to UNICEF . She has also been actively involved in trying to improve sporting facilities for children in Jaipur , where she lives with husband and their 13-year-old son , and across the country . "  If you see the schools we have in India there is no ground or fields for the kids to play in . Physical  education  is n't given much importance . It is said that childhood grows as you play and that 's how sport starts , " she says . "  I came from a village . If I can reach  the top  level then why ca n't other girls from villages do that , " she says . Poonia 's attentions have switched to politics in recent years , joining the center-left Congress party -- headed by Sonia Ghandi -- in 2013 and it looks like the final chapters of her sporting script may be being penned now , although she 's keen to compete at the Rio Olympics next year . But the narrative that seeks to re-write traditional attitudes towards women in wider Indian society is only just beginning . "  For a very long time , the culture of our country has been a very male dominating one and the male child has been given a lot of importance , " she says . "  Until the time we are not able to abolish the discrimination of a boy and a girl within the family this thing will continue --  a child 's  thinking develops from this situation . " Poonia also advocates that dowries -- which are officially banned in India , though gifts to grooms and his family are still common -- should be put towards a girl 's education so "  she is able to stand on her own two feet , " she says . "  They say the first teacher is the mother . If she is educated she will give good virtues to her children she can change the atmosphere of her house . The base of our society starts from there . " Few would argue with that assertion .	Krishna Poonia became first Indian woman to win Commonwealth Games gold in track and field Poonia won the women 's discus final at 2010 Games hosted by New Delhi The 32-year-old now mixes sports career with political and gender rights campaigning Poonia is a strong advocate of woman 's rights to education and curbing "  male-dominated " Indian society
Sen. Rand Paul made clear to his team of political advisers Wednesday that he 'll run for re-election to the Senate in 2016 and reiterated that he wo n't make a decision on a presidential run until next spring , according to a spokesman . His strategists met behind closed doors at a Washington hotel Wednesday to sketch out a road map for 2015 and review the past two years , during which Paul traveled to 35 states campaigning for candidates and raising his national profile . Paul , a Republican from Kentucky , attended most of the meetings as well as a group dinner in the evening , said spokesman Sergio Gor . The sessions , led by RAND PAC executive director Doug Stafford , covered fundraising performance , grassroots engagement , communications , outreach and other areas of interest , though Gor did not give specifics . Paul has long made it known that he plans to campaign for a second term in the Senate , but questions have emerged over whether he can run for his seat and for the White House at the same time . Kentucky law prohibits candidates from appearing on the same ballot for two different offices . Attempts to change the law were made last year in the GOP-controlled state Senate but stalled in the Democratic-controlled state House . Attempts by Republicans to retake control of the state House in last week 's elections were unsuccessful , meaning the law will likely stay in the books for 2016 . Some of Paul 's supporters have argued the law could be challenged , while others say there are ways he can get around it so that his name wo n't appear on the ballot twice . One such scenario would mean the state party changes its presidential primary to a caucus system . Attendees at Wednesday 's meeting included Michael Biundo of New Hampshire . Biundo , who previously chaired Rick Santorum 's presidential campaign , was one of a number key hires this year by RAND PAC in early primary states . The team also added Steve Grubbs and A.J. Spiker -- both former chairmen of the Iowa Republican Party -- as well as Republican consultant John Yob in Michigan .	Rand Paul meets with his advisers to lay out a road map for 2016 , his spokesman said Paul plans to campaign for re-election and is strongly considering a presidential run
Travel + Leisure  -- When I first started traveling , I was delighted by refrigerator magnets , T-shirts , embroidered patches and snow globes -- all the usual gift-shop kitsch . At some point , however , it struck me as a shortcut , celebrating a destination 's clichés rather than the place itself . So I moved up to items that were unavailable on every other corner and , ideally , handmade . I felt good about supporting craftspeople , and the objects had more personal resonance . Though when I got them home , many of them turned into dust-catching clutter -- one-of-a-kind clutter , but still . Moreover , I questioned their authenticity . I make every effort to eat at restaurants frequented by locals . Why would I shop for souvenirs in stores where residents never tread ? Now , I hunt for what I call "  unsouvenirs . " The word souvenir is Middle French for "  remembering , " and unsouvenirs , despite the prefix , must also be able to trigger a memory . But they 're different from souvenirs in that they capture the essence of a place not simply because they were purchased there , but because -- this is the important part -- locals actually use them . Travel + Leisure : World 's strangest Olympic souvenirs That 's the best definition for cultural authenticity that I can come up with . While I prefer that my unsouvenirs originate in the destination  "  made in China " is only appealing if you 're in China  , I do n't mind if they come from a factory . Few of us can claim that we incorporate many handmade items into our day-to-day lives . I just visited Rome for the first time -- ridiculous , I know -- and I was surprised by how rife with kitsch the historic center is . Rare is the block that does n't have a store selling I © ROME T-SHIRTS . My customs form , in contrast , looked as if I had run errands on a Saturday afternoon . I bought a plastic container designed to hold the unsliced part of an onion , premixed Campari and soda in Art Deco bottles , a package of assorted paper from an art-supply shop , Elmex toothpaste , and a lip balm called HerpeSun . They 'll remind me of Rome every time I use them  though I have n't yet been brave enough to whip out the lip balm in public  . Travel + Leisure : World 's most beautiful airports Certain kinds of stores are more reliable for unsouvenirs . Supermarkets and pharmacies are always interesting . Cookware purveyors are also a consistently rich source : you might score Bialetti espresso pots from coffee-crazy Italy or elegant woven place mats from understated Sweden . At a Japanese hardware store you could come upon a miniature scythe-style weeder ; or you might spot a cowbell and collar in northern Italy .  Part of the fun is repurposing : that bell could be a doorbell . Stationery shops , whether you 're in Greece or Indonesia , tend to have schoolkids ' notebooks , which make for quirky journals back home . Also worth a look are stores that sell hobby or restaurant supplies , sporting goods , garden equipment , bike gear ... "  You have to get off the map , " agrees the queen of unsouvenirs , Alisa Grifo , co-owner of Kiosk , a store in New York 's SoHo that stocks workaday objects from around the world  usually one country at a time , displayed in four-to-six-month "  exhibitions "  , all acquired during Grifo 's peripatetic travels . Highlights from Germany included egg cups , a pencil sharpener and a doorstop ; from Hong Kong , a mailbox , green twine and a calculator . Individually , the items are idiosyncratic and well designed ; gathered together , they convey the spirit of a country , in both their utility and their aesthetics .  To see what I mean , visit kioskkiosk.com . I assumed that Grifo had the same wander-and-hope strategy that I do , but she and her husband and co-owner Marco Romeny actually do a ton of prep work . They research each destination , reading up on the history , culture , museums , food , crafts , anything . And they network like mad : "  We ask ourselves , ` Who do we know from there ? Who has relatives there ? ' " Most important , they 're usually in a country for two to six weeks , which means they stay -- and shop -- in residential neighborhoods . Just as the ideal unsouvenir reflects locals ' daily existence , the best way to shop for unsouvenirs is by practicing a bit of cultural immersion -- in other words , when in Rome , shop as the Romans do . As Grifo and I chatted , I bragged about my onion container , which I consider a symbol of my victory in tourist-clogged Rome . If any other American traveler brought home a plastic onion this year , I 'll eat mine -- washed down with more than one bottle of Campari Soda . Grifo 's eyes lit up . "  That 's brilliant , " she said . "  How does it open ? Can you send me a photo ? " Maybe someday Kiosk will tackle Italy , and my little onion holder will be part of the exhibition . That would be fantastic -- as long as we all remember who found it first . Erik Torkells is an editor at tripadvisor.com and the founder of tribecacitizen.com . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	"  Made in China " is only appealing if you 're in China , author says But handmade objects are n't always the best reminders of your trip Supermarkets and pharmacies are interesting places to hunt for useful souvenirs
CNN  -- A U.S. military plane carrying three U.S. senators and one member of the House of Representatives came under fire Thursday night as it left Baghdad , Iraq , but it was not hit and flew safely to Amman , Jordan . Clockwise from top left : Sen. James Inhofe , Sen. Mel Martinez , Rep. Bud Cramer , Sen. Richard Shelby A Pentagon source said the small-arms fire appeared to be random and came from too far away to hit the C-130 transport . On the flight were Sens. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama ; Mel Martinez , R-Florida ; James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma ; and Rep. Bud Cramer , D-Alabama . Shelby described the situation as "  kind of dicey . " "  We were shot at by three rockets , " Shelby said in a statement Friday . "  It was dark as the dickens , and I was looking out the small window on the plane and I saw a shell . We saw them , they were popping , and we saw the flares . " The flares are part of the missile avoidance system aboard the C-130 aircraft . The heat from the flares are a countermeasure to attract rockets that have heat-seeking guidance systems . Shelby added that the plane "  started maneuvering , changing directions , shaking us all around , and then I saw another shell near the plane . It 's a hostile area , it was a tough area , but the flight crew was very professional ; they really did a tremendous job . " Cramer , in a separate statement , said , "  Our plane leaving Iraq was fired upon , and it was a close call , but this is something that our men and women in combat face every day . The flight crew was outstanding , and I credit them for the way they handled the situation . " Multi-National Force-Iraq , in a statement issued Friday , said the C-130 crew "  dispensed flares as a defensive countermeasure and conducted standard evasive maneuvers . The aircraft , crew and passengers safely completed their flight . " In Baghdad , Iraq 's government expressed hope that Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr 's decision to suspend the activities of his Mehdi Army militia for six months will prompt other armed groups to follow suit . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's office issued a statement Thursday welcoming al-Sadr 's announcement , made in the aftermath of clashes between Shiite militias in Karbala , Baghdad and Babil province . Security officials said there was fighting between elements of the Mehdi Army and Badr Organization , the armed force of the rival Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq . More than 50 people died this week as fighting broke out during a Shiite pilgrimage to the southern city of Karbala . "  This initiative is an encouraging step toward consolidating security and stability throughout the country and an opportunity for the suspension of the work of the rest of the militias in various political and ideological affiliations to preserve the unity , independence and sovereignty of Iraq , " al-Maliki 's office said . Al-Sadr 's political movement "  will remain active " and "  a true partner in the political process , " al-Maliki 's office said . On Friday , four policemen were killed and five people were wounded in a car bombing in northern Iraq , police said . The explosive detonated near a convoy in Samarra , said police in that Salaheddin province city . U.S.-led coalition troops on Friday killed five insurgents and detained 13 others in raids across Iraq , the U.S. military said . The five were killed and five were detained southwest of Balad in Salaheddin when troops targeted an al Qaeda in Iraq leader . "  Intelligence reports indicate he recently assumed a position coordinating terrorist logistics between Baghdad and Mosul , and may be trying to obtain chemical weapons for use in attacks against coalition forces , " the military said . The military did not say whether the al Qaeda in Iraq member was killed or detained . Other raids occurred north of Tarmiya , in Baiji in the north and in Baghdad , where a suspected key leader in the city 's car-bombing network was detained , the military said . On Wednesday , U.S. Marines , backed by air support , killed 12 men believed to be al Qaeda in Iraq terrorists in Anbar province , the U.S. military said Friday . According to the military , the Marines engaged a group of men loading objects into three cargo trucks near Karma , a town about 40 miles  64 kilometers  west of Baghdad . Marine Corps Harrier jets were called in and dropped two precision-guided bombs , destroying two vehicles . Marines said they found weapons and bomb-making materials at the scene . Also , a U.S. Marine and soldier were killed in separate attacks Wednesday in Anbar , the military said . Both were assigned to the Multi-National Force-West . The U.S. military death toll in the Iraq war stands at 3,730 ; seven civilian contractors also have been killed . The military has reported 79 U.S. troop deaths during August , matching last month 's toll . Those figures are lower than fatalities in the previous three months , when there were 100 U.S. deaths in June , 126 in May and 104 in April . Meanwhile , about 1,500 detainees will be released from Iraqi prisons during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , a statement from the office of Iraqi Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi said . About 50 people per day will be set free from "  American prisons , " al-Hashimi adviser Omar al-Jabouri said . Goodwill gestures are common during Ramadan -- a monthlong observance of daytime fasting and prayer that will begin around September 12 . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Raja Razek contributed to this report .	NEW : Pentagon source : Random small-arms fire did n't pose danger "  We were shot at by three rockets , " Sen. Richard Shelby says Plane carrying three senators , a congressman takes evasive measures Five suspected insurgents killed , 13 detained , U.S. military says
Washington  CNN  -- The air we breathe in the United States is getting better -- at least by one recent measure . New data released by NASA this week show that at least one pollutant , nitrogen dioxide , has decreased substantially over the past decade . Areas with a high level of nitrogen dioxide have decreased an average of about 40 % , said Bryan Duncan , an atmospheric scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland . "  It happened everywhere , not just in a few areas . It 's over the whole country . So this is a real success story for everyone in the U.S. , " he said . The decrease is particularly prominent in the crowded Northeast , the Ohio River Valley , and some major cities . For example , NASA reported a 32 % decrease in New York City and a 42 % decrease in Atlanta between the periods of 2005-2007 and 2009-2011 . Duncan attributes the decrease to two factors : cars that are more efficient , and scrubbers on smokestack emissions that remove toxins . "  It means fewer hospital admissions , it means fewer emergency room visits , it means fewer doctor visits , " said Janice Nolen , assistant vice president of the American Lung Association . Man-made sources emit an estimated 19.4 million metric tons of nitrogen oxides a year in the United States , produced primarily by vehicles and by coal-fired power plants , according to the American Lung Association . Nitrogen dioxide is a yellow-brown gas that can cause respiratory problems like coughing , asthma , and trouble breathing . It is one of six common air pollutants for which the Environmental Protection Agency has set limits . Nolen , who produces an annual report called State of the Air , pointed out that these pollutants are a separate concern from greenhouse gases , which are blamed for climate change , and were not measured in this report . And , she said , over 140 million Americans still live in areas with unhealthy levels of air pollution , according to the EPA . "  We have about half the nation who lives in counties that have unhealthy levels of air pollution , " said Nolen . "  And what we 're learning is , levels that we thought were safe were not , and we need to clean up even more , to provide real protection . We still have a long way to go . " The Supreme Court in April upheld an EPA rule intended to further reduce emissions of nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide that blow across state lines . The decrease cited in the NASA study is particularly prominent in the crowded Northeast , the Ohio River Valley , and some major cities . For example , NASA reported a 32 percent decrease in New York City and a 42 percent decrease in Atlanta between the periods of 2005-2007 and 2009-2011 . Click here for more cities	"  We still have a long way to go , " says American Lung Association official NASA data show substantial decreases in nitrogen dioxide NASA scientists attributes reductions to more-efficient cars , smokestack emissions cuts Nitrogen dioxide is separate from greenhouse gases , which were n't measured in this report
CNN  -- We all know long haul travel stinks , but when we finally step off the plane and inhale those heady aromas of our destination , it somehow stinks a little less . Fragrances , apparently , help create some of the best memories we take home from our vacations . With this in mind , the UK 's Heathrow Airport has installed a "  Scent Globe " to try to cheer up departing passengers with a squirt of the exotic smells awaiting them at their destinations . The globe , positioned in the newly opened Terminal 2 , offers whiffs representing five nations -- Brazil , China , Japan , South Africa and Thailand . "  These specially created scents will give passengers traveling through Terminal 2 an exclusive preview of destinations that only Heathrow connects to -LSB- from the UK -RSB- , " says Normand Boivin , the airport 's chief operating officer . So what do these countries smell like ? Design in Scent , the team behind Heathrow 's globe rely on complex odor infusions to bring them to life in a nasal-compatible form . ` Mystical temple incense ' South Africa 's fragrance "  captures the adventure of safari with notes of tribal incense , wild grass and musky animalics through the scent of Hyraceum . " Brazil "  embraces the scents of its rich rainforest fauna with a palette of coffee , tobacco and jasmine . " Japan "  is brought to life through cool , oceanic tones with a mix of seaweed and shell extracts , green tea and Ambergris , capturing the essence of small coastal villages so synonymous with the great Pacific Island . " China 's features "  mystical temple incense and subtle Osmanthus Fragrans flower " while Thailand 's uses "  an appetizing mix of lemongrass , ginger and coconut . " Leaving aside the fact that the true scent of intercontinental travel is actually a warm blend of stranger 's armpit infused with essence of brutally stewed airline food , pairing countries with odors is an entertaining idea . Above are a few we came up with . Feel free to share yours in the comments below .	Heathrow Airport installs "  Scent Globe " to give passengers a whiff of their destinations Smells help create some of the best memories we take home from our vacations Thailand , Brazil , China and South Africa among nations represented in fragrant form
CNN  -- The Scots are talking a lot this week -- perhaps you 've heard a little something about an independence referendum -- and that makes us happy . That 's because we like how the Scots talk . Not necessarily what they say -- just the way they say it . Imagine the way your Scottish pals might pronounce "  pour " and "  poor . " The Scottish accent is like no other . Then again , neither is any other accent . It 's estimated that there are nearly 7,000 languages on earth . That 's nearly 7,000 different ways to traipse clumsily through the English language -- or to sex it up like an old Justin Timberlake song . Of course , no accent is sexy when it 's strong enough to crush a beer can . Which means not all accents are created equal . You choose : Hottest accents All of this got us talking this week about which accents we like most . So we decided to hold a vote of our own -- a Facebook poll to ask which accents you prefer .  Trinidadian has charged to the front at the time of writing . You can cast a vote via this link : : on.fb.me / 1wHkW0y . Below is the list of sexiest brogues we came up with by deploying an admittedly unscientific methodology -- meaning we asked around the office , which does at least account for more nationalities than colors in the M&M universe . Our also-rans included Australian  as appealing as warm Foster 's to some , tantalizingly exotic to others  and Japanese  the language of repressed salarymen is also strangely designed for pillow talk  . Feel free to state your objections and/or rain your accolades in the comments section below and vote in our Facebook poll . Because when it comes to accents , there are no absolutes . Except that the one that makes you cringe is absolutely horrible . You know which one we 're talking about . 13 . Argentine Famous tongues : Fernando Lamas , Gabriela Sabatini A historical refuge for Spaniards , Italians and Germans , the hyper-libidinous South Ameripean melting pot of Argentina has cultivated a proud , pouty tone . With its own pronunciation of Spanish letters  "  ll " sounds like "  shh "  and its own words  "  you " is "  vos "  , this is a dialect that 's hard to get .  Or at least plays that way . Sounds like : A tightly tuned guitar of G-strings strummed by a lamb shank 12 . Thai Famous tongues : Tony Jaa , Araya ` Chompoo ' Hargate With five tones comprising their native speech , the traffickers of this often fragile accent turn any language into a song of seduction . Thai is largely monosyllabic , so multi-beat foreign words get extra emphases right up until the last letter , which is often left off , leaving the listener wanting more . Sounds like : R-rated karaoke 11 . Trinidadian Famous tongues : Nicki Minaj , Billy Ocean For fetishists of oddball sexuality , the Caribbean island of Trinidad offers an undulating , melodic gumbo of pan-African , French , Spanish , Creole and Hindi dialects that , when adapted for English , can be sex on a pogo stick . Sounds like : A rubber life raft bobbing on a sea of steel drums 10 . Brazilian Portuguese Famous tongues : Alice Braga , Anderson Silva Perhaps owing to its freedom from French influence , the Brazilian Portuguese accent has a more colorful , puerile flair than its coarser European counterpart . The resulting yowl of drawn-out vowels reveals a flirty freedom of spirit that suggests a permanent vacation . Sounds like : The near , then far , then near again hum of a low-wattage vacuum cleaner that runs on dance sweat 9 . U.S. Southern Famous tongues : Matthew McConaughey , Jennifer Lawrence There 's nothing sexy about being in a hurry , and you could clock the growth rate of grass with the honeyed drawl of a Southern beau or belle . Sounds like : Molasses taking a smoking break 8 . Scottish Famous tongues : Ewan McGregor , Rose Leslie Some of the vocal strangulations heard echoing around Glasgow are registered as a danger to shipping , but in less industrial corners of Scotland melodic voices capable of ranging a full octave in a single "  aye " tumble like soft rain on warm bagpipes . These are gentle , knee-melting tones that conjure cozy firesides and beguiling knitwear before their sudden swing to reproach leaves us whimpering for more . Sounds like : A stroked tartan cat 7 . Irish Famous tongues : Colin Farrell , Andrea Corr Valued slightly more in men than in women , the Irish brogue is a lilting , lyrical articulation that 's charming , if not exotic . Fluid and uplifting , it can swing from vulnerable to threatening over the course of a sentence , restoring your faith in the world again ... right before it stabs you with a broken bottle top . Sounds like : A marauding pixie 6 . Nigerian Famous tongues : King Sunny Ade , Omotola Jalade Ekeinde Dignified , with just a hint of willful naivete , the deep , rich "  oh 's " and "  eh 's " of Naija bend the English language without breaking it , arousing tremors in places other languages ca n't reach . Sounds like : The THX intro with teeth 5 . Queen 's English Famous tongues : Benedict Cumberbatch , Keira Knightley Authoritative . Upright . Erudite . Scholarly . Few accents promise the upward nobility of the Queen 's English . It 's a take on the language that sets hearts devoted to James Bond and Hermione Granger aflutter . And , should the speaker fail to slake your most wanton desires , eh , at least you 'll learn something . Sounds like : A crisply ironed shirt playing a harp 4 . Czech Famous tongues : Petra Nemcova , Jaromir Jagr Like Russian , without the nettlesome history of brutal , iron-fisted despotism , Czech is a smoky , full-bodied vocal style that goes well with most meats . Murky and mysterious , the Bohemian tone is equal parts carnal desire and carnival roustabout . Sounds like : Count Dracula , secret agent 3 . Spanish Famous tongues : Javier Bardem , Penelope Cruz Sensual and beckoning , but with the passion to unleash hell kept just barely restrained , Castilian is like a dialectic Hoover Dam . But then there 's the lisp . Tender , vulnerable and cute as a baby 's hangnail -- no one owns the "  th " sound formed by tongue and teeth like those who speak the language of Cervantes . Sounds Like : An outboard motor on Lake Paella 2 . French Famous tongues : Marion Cotillard , Jean Reno The come-hither condescension and fiery disinterest of the French tongue remains paradoxically erotic . Sounds like : A 30-year-old teenager 1 . Italian Famous tongues : Monica Bellucci , Alessandro Del Piero Raw , unfiltered , the Italian accent is a vowelgasm that reflects the spectrum of Italic experience : the fire of its bellicose beginnings ... the romance of the Renaissance ... the dysfunction of anything resembling a government since Caesar . Insatiable , predatory and possessive , this is sex as a second language . Sounds like : A Ferrari saxophone Which is your favorite accent ? Leave a comment and vote in our Facebook poll . First published August 2011 , updated September 2014 Jordan Burchette is freelance writer and editor based in Los Angeles .	There are an estimated 7,000 languages on earth ; these ones sound sexiest to native-English speakers Some Scottish voices "  tumble like soft rain on warm bagpipes " French vs. Italian : A debate for the ages Some of y' all know y' all are on the list
The French government has thrown down the gauntlet to the jihadists of Ansar Dine and their fellow travelers in Mali -- and insists its goal is nothing short of eradicating these militant groups . It is a major undertaking , even with U.S. logistical and intelligence help and the prospect of reinforcement from African states . And the outcome is far from assured . Operation Serval seeks to push Islamist groups out of northern Mali 's key cities as well as smaller towns dotted through this vast region . But these groups have had nine months to establish defenses and a chain of command and improve their arsenals . As I found out last summer on a journey north from the capital , Bamako , into the dusty heartlands of Mali , the seizure of the north by Islamist groups has traumatized tens of thousands of civilians . Many have fled their homes ; others have endured hunger or cruel punishment for "  offenses " that did n't exist before the Islamists arrived . So ordinary Malians are welcoming the French intervention . But their enthusiasm may wear off , if the result is prolonged urban warfare and destruction . On my trip up the RN15 last June , one of the few roads in Mali worthy of the description , I met Mohammed al-Mahmoud , a noted Tuareg artisan from Timbuktu . At that point , Mali 's security forces had melted away in the face of the Islamists ' advance . Al-Mahmoud told me he had seen no vestige of the state in Konna , a town of some 50,000 people , contradicting the assertion of a high-ranking military officer who assured me his forces were deployed there -- precisely to deter a possible push southward by the Islamists . In reality , Konna was in the middle of an ungoverned buffer-zone rather than a well-guarded front-line town . And it stayed that way for months , perhaps lulling foreign governments and even the Malian army into a false sense of security . That is until last week , when militants of Ansar Dine made a sudden move southward to take the town and get within striking distance of the important town of Mopti and the airport at Sévaré . That provoked the immediate arrival of French air and ground forces in Mali to help local troops push back the advancing jihadis . Over the weekend Mirage warplanes launched sorties against Léré , near the border with Mauritania , as well as the key hub of Gao and the town of Douentza . Now French armored personnel carriers are heading north from Bamako . The United Kingdom is pledging to help the transport of troops from neighboring African states , and the United States will employ its vast technical capabilities to assist in the overall operations . But France will be the essential external actor in the conflict . Mali 's meltdown began in mid-January of last year when the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad  MNLA  , an ethnic Tuareg separatist outfit , and Ansar Dine , a newly formed Salafi-jihadi group , attacked the northeastern town of Menaka . Following a succession of lighting raids by heavily armed rebel groups in late March 2012 , Malian security forces evacuated three northern regions : Gao , Timbuktu and Kidal . Mali 's army , national police and paramilitary gendarme force , who had been stationed in the north , relocated to the safety of garrisons and cinder-block station houses south of a rapidly created front line . And for a while the disparate rebel movements worked together in an ad hoc alliance despite their very different ideologies and goals . But before long the highly divergent agendas of Ansar Dine and the MNLA led to clashes between them . Ansar Dine is led by a Tuareg by the name of Iyad ag Ghaly -- a veteran separatist-turned-Islamist . The jihadists prevailed . However , Ghaly 's Ansar Dine is just one of three Salafi-jihadi groups in northern Mali . His turban-clad men were soon joined by the Saharan contingent of the Algerian-led al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  and another hitherto unknown group , the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa  MUJAO  , believed to be run by a Mauritanian national named Hamada Ould Khairou . On December 7 , 2012 , the U.S. State Department listed Khairou as a "  Specially Designated Global Terrorist . " The loss of the north -- and resentment among army officers that they were inadequately equipped to fight the rebellion -- led to a coup against the democratically elected President , Amadou Toumani Touré . He was overthrown by a military junta led by an obscure army captain Amadou Sanogo , who accused him of appeasement when dealing with AQIM and Tuareg separatists . The well-armed Islamist groups may have decided not to advance further south after their initial seizure of territory because they were occupied in consolidating their power in the areas already under their control . A fragile status quo left the international community with the illusion that there was sufficient time to plan for military action , while leaving room for negotiations that might lead to a political solution . The French were the most bullish in supporting military intervention by ECOWAS  Economic Community of West African States  , but the scale of the task was recognized as enormous . The Malian military was low on morale and equipment , the distances vast and the territory difficult . Mali 's neighbors dithered with their own military planning as a series of fruitless , drawn-out talks with various rebel factions were led by Blaise Compaoré , Burkina Faso 's longtime president and his foreign minister , Djibril Bassolé . President Compaoré , a one-time confidant of the late Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi , has a reputation for meddling in the affairs of his West African neighbors , including past conflicts in Liberia , Sierra Leone , and Ivory Coast . Much to the consternation of pro-junta Malian hardliners , Burkina Faso invited the rebels to talks at a plush Ouagadougou hotel and sent a high-level delegation to Gao and Kidal led by Bassolé . Cheikh Modibo Diarra , the recently ousted transitional prime minister in Mali  and former NASA scientist  said in November that he was open to talks in Burkina Faso with both the MNLA and the jihadists of Ansar Dine on the condition that they were Malian citizens with a purely Malian agenda . Soon thereafter , he lost his job -- once again displaying the complete dysfunction of Malian politics . It seems Diarra 's initiative ran afoul Captain Sanogo , who wields considerable influence despite formally handing over to a civilian president . On December 20 , the United Nations Security Council passed resolution 2085 under Chapter VII of the UN Charter , allowing for the eventual creation and deployment of international troops in Mali . The UN allowed for the creation of African-led International Support Mission in Mali  AFISMA  in concert with ECOWAS and the African Union . Members of the international community hoped for certain benchmarks to be met among Mali 's political elites and the military junta that still wields considerable power . But it seems Ansar Dine and MUJAO were operating on their own strategic timetable , catching many off guard -- including civilians who were forced to flee the fighting . The U.S. has watched the deteriorating situation in Mali with concern -- but with no appetite for direct intervention . After the September attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton seemed to suggest that there may have been a link between AQIM operating freely in Mali 's ungoverned spaces and the tragedy in eastern Libya . "  They -LSB- AQIM -RSB- are working with other violent extremists to undermine the democratic transitions under way in North Africa , as we tragically saw in Benghazi , " she said . But it 's been difficult to stitch together a coalition of African countries willing or able to go to war on behalf of Mali 's weak civilian government . Many of Mali 's neighbors were rightly concerned about the prospect of a wider regional conflict and the risk of terrorist blowback at home . And they were concerned that a substantial part of Mali 's population might not welcome them . These are not states with well-trained Rapid Reaction Forces , nor the airlift or support to inject a sizeable presence into hostile territory . But now at least seven west African countries are ready to supply troops to a regional intervention force . The two principle hawks on Mali have been French President Francois Hollande and Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou  who 's offering soldiers to the ECOWAS force  , two leaders who believe they may have the most to lose , should Mali 's conflict worsen . France still has a number of hostages in northern Mali , including four of its citizens captured by Mali-based militants in neighboring Niger in 2010 while working for Areva , the French uranium mining consortium . AQIM has been holding the men as bargaining chips and could potentially execute them in response to the French intervention . In Niger , President Issoufou fears armed conflict  and a tide of refugees  could spill into the country 's northern regions and re-ignite its own Tuareg troubles . Despite the relatively small number of militant fighters , there is little simple about the French operation . The distances are huge , the geography difficult , and the risk of neighboring countries being dragged into Mali 's crisis can not be discounted . The French defense minister has acknowledged that the militants are a determined adversary that is well equipped . It will take more than a few air strikes to dislodge them .	Operation Serval seeks to push Islamist groups out of northern Mali 's key cities France insists its goal is nothing short of eradicating these militant groups Flood : Most ordinary Malians are welcoming the French intervention But enthusiasm may wear off if result is prolonged urban warfare , he says
CNN  -- A lawyer who served in the Clinton administration and more recently was an adviser to California 's lieutenant governor pleaded guilty to a child porn charge in a San Diego federal court Monday . Wade Rowland Sanders admitted to having 600 images of minors on his computer , including a video depicting "  several prepubescent females engaged in sexual conduct with an adult male and performing oral sex on one another , " according to a statement from U.S. Attorney Karen Hewitt . FBI agents raided Sanders ' home last May after they suspected his home Internet service account was used to download several pictures and a video showing underage girls having sex with adult men , according to an investigator 's sworn statement . "  Sanders admitted that he had downloaded child pornography using the program Limewire but that he deleted the files once he noticed that they had been downloaded , " FBI Special Agent John Caruthers said . A search of Sanders ' computer found the child porn files saved on his hard drive in two "  My Documents " folders , Caruthers said . At least one of the young girls in the photos was identified and is a "  known victim , " the investigator said . When Sanders , 67 , is sentenced on March 30 , he could get up to 10 years in prison and be ordered to pay a $ 250,000 fine . The minimum sentence for the charge is five years with supervised release for his lifetime and registration as a sex offender , the prosecutor said . FBI agents discovered the illegal downloads as part of a nationwide initiative called Project Safe Childhood . The multi-agency program , which began in 2006 , is "  designed to combat the growing epidemic of child exploitation and abuse , " the U.S. Attorney 's statement said . Sanders was a U.S. Navy Swift boat captain during the Vietnam War , where he earned the Silver Star , Bronze Star and Purple Heart . He retired from the U.S. Navy as a captain . Sanders was chosen by fellow Swift boat veteran John Kerry to introduce him at the 2004 Democratic Convention , when the senator accepted the presidential nomination . He briefly entered the 2000 congressional race in a San Diego district , but withdrew citing lack of funding . He ran as a Democrat . Sanders served as the senior adviser to California Lt. Gov. John Garamendi for Veterans and Military Affairs until the time of his arrest , according to the U.S. Attorney 's office . He was also in the Clinton administration as a deputy assistant secretary of the Navy . When Garamendi 's office announced Sanders ' appointment in July 2007 , it said he was a practicing lawyer and a community activist . "  He is a member of the San Diego Police Department Senior Oversight Committee and has served on many non-profit boards , " the lieutenant governor 's office said .	Wade Rowland Sanders admitted to having 600 images of minors on his computer Sanders was chosen to introduce John Kerry at the 2004 Democratic Convention Sanders will be sentenced March 30 and could get up to 10 years in prison
Vincent Harris , Ted Cruz 's top digital operative , is leaving the Texas senator 's team to work for Sen. Rand Paul 's political operation , as the jostling for staff ramps up ahead of the 2016 GOP presidential primary contest . Harris will join Rand Paul 's political action committee and his 2016 team as a chief digital strategist , according to Doug Stafford , executive director of RAND PAC . Rand Paul talks climate change with Bill Maher Stafford said Harris will sit at the "  top of the leadership team , " as Paul and his inner circle carry out what 's expected to be a dizzying political schedule . Paul will likely announce his Senate re-election bid in the coming days , and he 's said he 'll make a decision on a White House run in the spring . Cruz has also kept the door open to a 2016 presidential campaign . Paul 's team was attracted to Harris ' push for Republicans to make digital operations a more robust part of campaigns , Stafford said . "  We want to be leaders on that , " he continued , saying Harris will focus on strategies involving data , websites , and social media among other things . Harris , 26 , runs Harris Media , a digital strategy firm based out of Austin that has more than 20 employees . The firm helped reinvent Sen. Mitch McConnell 's digital presence ahead of the Kentucky senator 's successful re-election win this fall . Rand Paul to oppose Senate NSA reform bill While Harris has had a number of widely-known clients â $ " Rick Perry , Rick Scott , Mike Huckabee and Newt Gingrich â $ " he gained a higher profile of his own after helping Cruz defeat Lt. Gov David Dewhurst for the GOP Senate nomination in 2012 , throttling Cruz from a long-shot candidate who had never run for office to one of the biggest upset candidates of the year . Harris said he sent his resignation letter to Cruz 's team Monday , and he 's "  very excited " to work for Paul 's team , saying it will be his his firm 's "  marquee client " in the next election cycle . A staunch opponent to the NSA 's domestic surveillance programs , Paul has sought to make himself a key ally for Silicon Valley and the tech world . His team plans to open a San Francisco office , where he 's traveled multiple times this year , and he 's trying to use his tech-savvy focus to connect with young voters on college campuses . Rand Paul meets with advisers on 2016 Harris , who lives in Austin but plans to travel frequently to Washington and Louisville , said there 's a host of programmers and designers in Austin who "  are n't excited about a lot of potential 2016 candidates but who are very excited about Rand Paul . " "  I do n't think there 's going to be any problem in finding top-tiered talent , " he said , adding Paul 's team "  will be embracing the tech community with open arms . " Harris , like Paul , attended Baylor University in Waco , Texas , where Harris teaches a political science course twice a week .	Rand Paul 's team is adding digital strategist Vincent Harris to its political operation Harris and his firm previously worked for Ted Cruz , a potential 2016 rival for Paul
CNN  America 's immigration issue needs a comprehensive and permanent bipartisan legislative solution . An executive action is a temporary and limited fix . On the night President Obama announced his most recent immigration executive action , I called it a Band-Aid . Today , we found out , the Band-Aid may not stick . In a case brought by 26 states , a federal judge in Texas issued an injunction halting implementation of the President 's executive actions : the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents  or DAPA  -- which would have granted work permits and extended deferred deportation status and expanded the the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  program for undocumented immigrants who arrived in the U.S. as children . What the immigration ruling means This is just the beginning of the legal wrangling over this . At issue is whether President Obama exceeded his powers and tried to legislate . This is Congress ' job , and the problem , to state the obvious , is that Congress is not doing it . For decades , Congress has been talking about fixing the broken immigration system . This has gone nowhere . On the other side , you have mounting pressure on President Obama from an increasingly frustrated Latino community and Democratic base . He made pie-in-the-sky campaign promises offering immigration reform in his first year in office . In his first two years , he had a Democratic Senate and Democratic House . He had the chance to act . Instead , he sat on his hands as the problem continued to fester . What 's worse , as part of the fight over the immigration executive actions , the Congress is now playing a game of chicken with the Department of Homeland Security 's appropriations bill , set to expire in a few days , insisting on amendments to the bill that would block Obama 's immigration actions . Hill GOP emboldened after immigration ruling Lastly , add to this equation the reality of the millions of confused undocumented families whose lives and livelihoods are in the balance , and who have no idea how this is going to end . The truth is , none of us do . Frankly , the entire thing is a hot , ugly , mess . The President should use this judge 's injunction as an opportunity to invite and pressure Congress to work with him on a bipartisan solution . Halt the implementation of the immigration program . Halt the legal maneuvering . Halt the irresponsible posturing on funding DHS . Set a deadline to pass legislation . Fix the immigration problem comprehensively , permanently and fairly .	Ana Navarro : Judge 's halt to Obama 's executive actions on immigration reveal they were always a Band-Aid She says Congress must do its job and craft a bi-partisan fix to the hot , ugly mess of America 's immigration policy
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Dozens of Roman Catholic bishops in South America say human trafficking has seen "  alarming growth " in the region . The 60 bishops from Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay and Uruguay issued a statement after a meeting in Argentina last week , calling the practice "  a shameful and outrageous reality " and pledging to do more to fight it . "  We warn of the existence of organized mafias that use smaller networks that are present in nearly all of our cities and towns , " the statement said . Learn more at The CNN Freedom Project Citing reports from global nonprofit groups , the bishops noted that child sex trafficking rings were also operating in the area . The bishops pledged to raise awareness of the problem , push for legal reforms and assist victims -- noting that within the church there had been "  an absence of proposals dedicated to attracting young people  to the church  , and the absence of a more decisive and broad response to the problem  of human trafficking  . " Such an approach is not surprising , said Sergio Rubin , a journalist who has written extensively about the Catholic Church in Argentina . "  The church is assuming its role , and they believe that they must work a lot more in the formation of religious values , " Rubin said . Mario Ganora , a lawyer who works with La Alameda , an Argentinian nonprofit that helps victims of human trafficking , said the increase in human trafficking was connected to an increase in drug consumption . "  How ? ... The women who are used for sex trafficking are also used for the delivery of drugs , " he said . According to official data from Argentina 's Ministry of Justice and Human Rights , 176 people were rescued from human trafficking networks in Argentina in April , a higher number than the entire previous trimester .	Catholic bishops warn of "  organized mafias " that run trafficking networks They pledge to do more to fight human trafficking in South America Child sex trafficking rings are also operating in the area , the bishops say
CNN  The leader of Yemen 's Houthi rebels vowed not to back down on Sunday as a top Saudi military official claimed weeks of airstrikes had significantly weakened the Shiite group . "  Our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions , " rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi said in a televised address . "  Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming . " His comments came after more than three weeks of Saudi-led coalition bombings aimed at pushing back the Houthis , who surged into the capital of Sanaa in January and ousted President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power . Hadi still claims he 's Yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country . Since mid-March , more than 700 people have been killed in violence that shows no sign of slowing , according to figures from the World Health Organization . The Houthis say they have the support of the country 's people behind them . "  It 's the right of the Yemeni people to stand against the attacks in all possible means as long as the attacks continue , " Al-Houthi said Sunday . "  After our people move and react against the attacks and killing of children and women , we do not want to hear any voices and cries . " But there are signs of some fracturing among forces loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh , many of whom have fought alongside the rebels . Gen. AbdulRahman AlHalili , who leads more than 10,000 troops , has now allied himself with Hadi , military sources said Sunday . Meanwhile , Saudi Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri said Sunday that airstrikes had decimated the Houthis ' central command by targeting their communications . The rebels , he said , are now holding a defensive stance in besieged areas . Since it began the campaign known as Operation Decisive Storm on March 26 , the Saudi-led coalition has launched 2,300 airstrikes , Asiri said . After hours at sea , chaos and desperation in Yemeni city CNN 's Don Melvin and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says in a televised address that fighters will not pull out of major cities A top military leader pledges allegiance to Yemen 's ousted President
CNN  -- Investigators suspect foul play in the disappearance of a 51-year-old schoolteacher who was reported missing July 18 near Baton Rouge , Louisiana , authorities said Tuesday . Sylviane Finck Lozada , a French and Spanish teacher at Brusly High School in Brusly , Louisiana , for the past 13 years , last spoke to her family in Belgium about July 5 , said spokeswoman Casey Hicks of the East Baton Rouge Sheriff 's Office . Lozada called her family on a daily basis , authorities said . Investigators are trying to locate her husband , Oscar Lozada , Hicks said . He and the couple 's daughter boarded a plane from Dallas to Venezuela on July 9 , Hicks said . The daughter 's age is 4 or 5 , authorities said . "  We would obviously like to speak with him , " Hicks said . The father and daughter were scheduled to return to the United States on July 14 but did n't , authorities said . The sheriff 's department is working with the FBI because of its contacts in Venezuela , Hicks said . "  Detectives have communicated with Oscar Lozada at the beginning of the investigation into her disappearance , but over the past week , they have been unable to contact him , " Hicks said . No warrants have been issued in connection with the disappearance , Hicks said . Authorities have examined the husband 's credit card statements and found that he bought five-gallon buckets and several bags of concrete mix . But , Hicks added : "  The buckets and concrete mix are unaccounted for . " Detectives believe the missing woman may have occupied her husband 's bright-yellow 2001 Nissan Xterra on July 5 or July 6 , and investigators are seeking any eyewitnesses , authorities said . The car was found July 24 in Ascension Parish at the home of a family friend , authorities said . Walter Lemoine , principal at Brusly High , said Sylviane Finck Lozada had been a West Baton Rouge Parish Teacher of the Year . She is also a National Board Certified Teacher and had earned a doctorate degree two years ago . Lemoine called Sylviane Finck Lozada a "  tough " teacher and said her disappearance is "  a major impact " to the community . On August 8 , the 500-student school was scheduled to hold "  a celebration of hope " in the gymnasium for the missing teacher , and participants were also to move outdoors to light vigil candles , Lemoine said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Sylviane Finck Lozada phoned her family every day She last called her family in Belgium about July 5 She taught French and Spanish at Brusly High School in Brusly , Louisiana Authorities are trying to locate her husband , who took the couple 's daughter to Venezuela
CareerBuilder.com  -- There are essentially three generations of job seekers vying for jobs today : Baby Boomers , Generation X or Gen X , and Generation Y or Millennials . Because of this , job seekers are finding themselves competing with people of all different ages for the same job ; people that can bring different experiences and skill sets to the position . I asked career coaches , advisers and recruiters if there are any patterns in how job seekers from different generations go about the job search . Here are some that they noted : Baby Boomers : Often show a high level of professionalism and excel in face-to-face interviews . "  Baby Boomers know that the job search is ultimately about relationships , and -LSB- they -RSB- tend to invest the time in the process of developing relationships , " says Lynne Sarikas , executive director of the MBA Career Center at Northeastern University . "  They know the value of a handwritten thank-you note . " Gen X : Tend to utilize both in-person and online communication effectively . "  When it comes to overall communication skills and working knowledge of technology , members of Generation X fall squarely between their 20-year-old and 50 - to 60-year-old counterparts , " says Maribeth Kuzmeski , author of "  The Connectors : How the World 's Most Successful Businesspeople Build Relationships and Win Clients for Life . " "  They are used to online job searches , emailing résumés and following up via both email and handwritten notes . " Millennials : Often adept at using all forms of social media in their job search . They tend to embrace all kinds of technology and use that technology to their advantage , including applying via their smartphone or tablet or following up via creative ways online . " -LSB- Job seekers -RSB- over 50 years old may be used to looking for work in a newspaper , attending job fairs , dropping by a company to inquire about job leads and speaking to those in their network regarding job opportunities , " says Lavie Margolin , career coach , speaker and author of "  Lion Cub Job Search : Practical Job Search Assistance for Practical Job Seekers . " "  A younger generation would be more apt to look for jobs online and use social networks to reach out to people for help as opposed to speaking to people face-to-face or giving someone a call . " So how do job seekers compete with those from other generations ? Perhaps it 's by learning from each other and applying a combination of new and tried-and-true job-search tactics . Here are some tips on how job seekers of all generations can be successful in their job hunt . Embrace both offline and online communication To get the most out of a job search , try using both online and offline resources . Search for jobs on career websites as well as social networking sites such as Facebook , Twitter or LinkedIn . Consider building an online portfolio that houses your résumé along with examples of your work or previous successes , but do n't forget to bring hard copies to an interview , too . Also try meeting with a headhunter or recruiter who specializes in finding jobs in the field for which you 're applying . Networking works "  Regardless of generation , the single most important thing you can do to support your job search is networking , " Sarikas says . "  Identify alumni , former colleagues , friends of friends or family who work in the companies you are interested in as employers . Conduct informational interviews to learn about the company , the culture and the types of roles in your area of interest . Meet as many people as possible who can help support your efforts , and identify how you can help them as well . While you can use the Internet and other tools to identify resources , do your networking in person whenever possible . Have a real conversation . " Execution matters "  Execution matters -- cover letters and résumés must be flawless ; no spelling or grammatical errors , " Sarikas says . "  You should be well prepared for your interview . Research the company and the people you are meeting . Have questions prepared . Information is easily accessible , so there is no excuse for not being well prepared . " The power of thank you Follow up with both an email and a snail mail thank-you note . "  Write a handwritten thank-you note to each interviewer and show your enthusiasm for the job as well as your appreciation for their time . It makes them remember you in a positive way , " Sarikas recommends . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Baby Boomers excel in face-to-face interviews while Gen X and Millennials are more adept in using online technology Networking is important regardless of generation Follow up with both an email and a snail mail thank you note
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Iran has condemned the kidnapping of one of its diplomats in northwest Pakistan on Thursday , calling it an "  act of terrorism , " an Iranian foreign ministry spokesman said . Pakistani policemen inspect a bullet-riddled car of a kidnapped Iranian diplomat on Thursday . "  Pakistan should do its best to protect foreign diplomats and their residential places , " the spokesman Hassan Qashqavi said , according to Iran 's state-run IRNA news agency . At least four gunmen abducted Heshmatollah Attarzadeh near his home in Peshawar as he headed to work at the Iranian consulate , according to Pakistani police and Iranian diplomatic officials . His bodyguard , a Pakistani police officer , was shot and killed when the two men tried to resist , a Peshawar police official said . Pakistan 's Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi also "  strongly condemned " the attack , and informed Iran that the government "  will take all necessary measures for his safe and early recovery . " Attarzadeh is a commercial attache for the Iranian consulate in Peshawar . It is the second attack targeting a foreign worker in Peshawar in two days . An American aid worker was shot and killed outside the Iranian consulate in Peshawar on Wednesday . Stephen Vance worked for a non-profit foundation funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development that helped find jobs for people in Pakistan 's tribal regions , according to a statement from his employer , the Cooperative Housing Foundation International . "  Stephen had fully immersed himself in the community in which he worked , " the statement said . "  He dressed traditionally and even sent his children to local schools . " Vance , 52 , a native of California , is survived by his wife and five children -- all of whom lived with him in Peshawar -- CHF International official Bill Holbrook told CNN . The attacks come less than three months after gunmen opened fire on a vehicle carrying the senior U.S. diplomat in Peshawar , Lynne Tracy . She escaped unharmed . Peshawar is the capital of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , an area rife with Islamic extremists and the site of recent clashes between security forces and militants . In late June , Pakistan 's military launched an offensive in the province -- the biggest push against extremists in the tribal region since the civilian government took power in March . Islamic militants vowed to retaliate . Since then , militants have launched several deadly attacks . Pakistan 's new government has tried to negotiate a deal with militants as part of its efforts to bypass military might and achieve peace through talks .	Diplomat was kidnapped and his bodyguard killed in Peshawar , northwest Pakistan Authorities believe he was kidnapped while traveling from his home to consulate On Wednesday , gunmen shot and killed an American aid worker in Peshawar
Beijing  CNN  -- Xi Jinping was named China 's president Thursday by the country 's parliament , one of the final steps in China 's once-in-a-decade leadership change . Four months after taking over as General Secretary of the Communist Party , Xi replaces outgoing leader Hu Jintao after a formal vote of about 3,000 deputies at the National People 's Congress  NPC  . The vote , largely a rubber stamp that completes the highly choreographed leadership transition , was unanimous . Li Keqiang will become premier , replacing Wen Jiabao who stands aside as part of the leadership overhaul , which will see the traditionally nine-member Politburo Standing Committee shrink to seven . Xi was also named chairman of the state Central Military Commission . "  He has had a stronger military relationship than either of his two predecessors -- Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao -- when they began , so Xi comes in with a really strong position and he needs it , " Robert Lawrence Kuhn , author of "  How China 's Leaders Think , " told CNN . "  We could go through a whole list of problems from the structure of the economy as well as the social issues : Health care , housing , education and pollution and retirement and food safety , " Kuhn added . "  All of these things are all bubbling up together -- and with a billion cell phones in China , everybody knows it , so he 's on the spot . " Opening the NPC last week , Wen urged delegates to "  unite as one and work hard to finish building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation , " according to state-run news agency Xinhua . PROFILES : China 's new leaders Since the congress convened March 5 , thousands of Chinese officials have held a series of meetings to discuss the structure of state departments and future targets . The NPC concludes Sunday . On the first day , Wen announced the country was aiming for an annual growth rate this year of 7.5 % . Efforts would be made to keep consumer price inflation at around 3.5 % . And , nine million new jobs would be created with the intention of keeping urban unemployment at no more than 4.6 % . During the NPC , it was announced Beijing would strengthen the powers of the State Food and Drug Administration in the wake of widespread health concerns over food safety , such as tainted milk and baby formula scandals , according to Xinhua . The issue of water quality also became clear during the congress , with the discovery of nearly 6,000 pigs in a Shanghai river , raising local concerns about the safety of the city 's drinking water . This winter has seen its worst pollution in living memory , angering a population already jaded by a series of high-profile corruption scandals -- including the downfall of the once high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- that have tainted the reputation of the party . In a speech published by the People 's Daily earlier this month , Xi warned that China faced many risks and challenges , saying that the party 's future was at stake . The NPC also approved the restructuring of several ministries under the State Council . The two agencies that regulate and censor media -- the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television and the General Administration of Press and Publication -- will be merged , as will the Health Ministry and the National Population and Family Planning Commission , Xinhua reported .	NEW : Xi Jinping formally takes role of Chinese president China 's National People 's Congress draws to a close New leaders were named last November but have been waiting for congress NPC discussed major issues facing country , including economic aims
CNN  As many as 13 senior leaders of al-Nusra Front , including the terror group 's military commander , were killed in two Syrian airstrikes Thursday , a Middle Eastern security source who was briefed by Syrian intelligence told CNN . Abu Hammam al Shami was among those killed in the strikes against al-Nusra , al Qaeda 's largest affiliate in Syria , the source said . Syria 's state news agency SANA also reported al Shami 's death . The special operation that took place in Hobait , in Idlib province , was part of a wider effort by Syrian forces to destroy areas believed to be gathering points for al-Nusra militants around the province , according to SANA . According to a 2014 al-Nusra video , al Shami joined the group after years of training in Afghanistan and Iraq . Also killed in the northwestern province of Idlib was a senior Saudi operative in the group , the source said . There were initial indications that al-Nusra leader Abu Mohammed al Jolani was wounded in one of the strikes , the source said Thursday . But on Friday , the source told CNN the latest assessment of Syrian intelligence was that al Jolani was not injured . The strikes took place in the towns of Salqin and Hobait , both near the city of Saraqeb in Idlib . One strike targeted a meeting of senior al-Nusra Front leaders ; the other was on a home being used as a base , the source said . A spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition that is hitting ISIS targets in Syria said its planes were n't involved . "  Within the last 24 hours , we have not conducted any airstrikes within 200 miles of the province of Idlib , " the spokesman said earlier Thursday . Al Shami was featured in a March 2014 video released by al-Nusra Front , in which he discussed his failed attempt to mediate between his militants and ISIS after rising tensions between the groups . The video included a biography by the group of al Shami , which was translated by the Long War Journal . It said that in the late 1990s , al Shami traveled to Afghanistan , where he was trained in a camp run by Abu Musab al Suri , a veteran Syrian jihadi strategist . Al Shami then trained in al Qaeda camps , where he met one of the 9/11 hijackers and personally swore allegiance to Osama bin Laden . By the time of the 9/11 attacks , al Shami had started to train recruits in Afghanistan and was named as the head of the Syrian jihadist contingent within al Qaeda . After the fall of the Taliban , he fled Afghanistan with senior Egyptian al Qaeda operative Sayf al Adel , the group said in the video . Al Shami began operating in Iraq , where he began working with al Qaeda in Iraq founder Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , conducting training for the group during the Iraqi insurgency , the al-Nusra video stated . In 2005 , al Shami returned to Afghanistan for a short period , at the request of al Qaeda 's leadership . When he got to the Afghanistan-Pakistan region , one of bin Laden 's top deputies , Attiyah Abd al Rahman , tasked al Shami with leading al Qaeda efforts in Syria , but he was arrested as he traveled through Lebanon , according to the video , and was detained for five years . After being released , he found his way to Syria , where he joined al-Nusra , the group said . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	One of the 13 senior leaders killed was the al Qaeda affiliate 's military commander , the source says The special operation was part of a wider effort by Syrian forces around Idlib province
CNN  -- Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins moved closer to Britain 's first overall victory at the Tour de France , maintaining his two minute five second lead over his rivals . Wiggins , who was wearing the leader 's yellow jersey for an eleventh straight day , never looked troubled on the 222.5 km route from Blagnac to Brive-la-Gaillarde . His teammate Mark Cavendish reinforced the British team 's dominance with a spectacular sprint over the final few hundred meters to claim his second victory of this year 's race . The day 's stage had earlier been interrupted by a dog breaking onto the course , resulting in a four bike crash . Cavendish , a sprint specialist who will represent Britain at the forthcoming Olympic Games , has spent a lot of the Tour supporting Wiggins ' attempt to claim the overall title . "  Cav has waited a while for that and he 's been patient . It 's been difficult the last couple of weeks , we 've had to put his goals and aspirations aside really , " Wiggins told the Tour website . Wiggins admitted his team mate had sacrificed himself for the yellow jersey chase , but claimed Cavendish had "  been the first to say , ` look guys , I think the general classification is more important . " Cavendish 's victory in the 222.5 km stage between Blagnac and Brive-la-Gaillarde was his 22nd stage win at the Tour , moving him up to fourth in the all time records . He is now level with American Lance Armstrong and legendary French sprinter Andre Darrigade . "  Twenty two stage wins ... has it sunk in ? Yeah ! Because I 've been waiting to do it for nearly three weeks now , " Cavendish told the Tour website . "  I 'm now equal with Andre Darrigade : he won 15 sprints but 22 stages of the Tour de France . So to match him is something , it makes me happy " The first incident of the day occurred 120 km into the stage when a large dog ran onto the course , causing a crash . Four riders were unseated in the collision , notably Philippe Gilbert of the BMC team . The former Belgian national champion took a moment to remonstrate with the dog 's owner before climbing back onto his bike . Gilbert later received treatment during the race from Tour medical staff . Team RadioShack-Nissan rider Franck Schleck , who withdrew from this year 's Tour after a failing a doping test , has protested his innocence after announcing that his ` B ' sample also tested positive . "  The result of the counter test was positive , but for me nothing changes , " he said in a statement . "  I just know that I did nothing wrong . I will therefore continue my search to find out ho the substance could have entered my body . " Luxembourger Schleck , whose brother Andy won the 2010 tour when Alberto Contador failed a doping test , was 12th when he withdrew from the race .	Britain 's Mark Cavendish claims second win of this year 's Tour Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins maintains overall lead Dog on the course cause four-bike crash Franck Schleck announces failed ` B ' sample , pleads innocence
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Five suspects were arrested on terror-related charges , including one of Indonesia 's most wanted men , Abu Tholut , Indonesian police said Tuesday . Tholut and the others were arrested in Central Java on December 10 , authorities said at a news conference Tuesday . Tholut helped create a militant training camp in Aceh that was raided by authorities in February , said Inspector General Iskandar Hasan , a National Police spokesman . The group was allegedly training and planning attacks in Indonesia that were similar to the 2008 Mumbai , India terror attacks , in which 164 people were killed . Tholut is a weapons expert and is a former senior leader of the terror network Jemaah Islamiyah , police said . Tholut could also be connected to detained radical cleric Abu Bakar Bashir and his organization Jama'ah Ansharut Tauhid or JAT . Bashir has been in police detention since August and Monday police sent charges to state prosecutors accusing him of multiple terror charges including inciting others to commit crimes of terror . The charges carry the maximum penalty of death . Bashir has denied these allegations . Tholut served four years in jail on terrorism charges from 2003 to 2007 . He got off for good behavior but police say he rejoined Indonesia 's terror network after his release . It was clear Tholut , as were other top suspects either caught or arrested in recent months , were reporting to Bashir , authorities said .	Police say the suspects were training at a militant camp in Aceh The suspects were planning attacks similar to the 2008 Mumbai , India terror attacks The suspects may be connected to at least two terror groups , police say
CNN  -- Jacques Bazin did n't have time to catch his breath after being pulled from the rubble of a three-bedroom home on the outskirts of the Haitian capital . Though he 'd been trapped in the house for three days , he marshaled the strength to begin helping the Haitians who had just rescued him search for other survivors . He spoke to CNN on Friday , two hours after being rescued , and again Saturday as he worked to free 10 children still encased in the toppled residence . "  Next time you call , God willing , they might be out . Otherwise , they will die , " he said . "  Their voices are really low because for four days , they eat nothing . I drill holes on top of the cement and put bread inside so they can eat . What we do , we have to do fast . " Friday evening made his mission more urgent as two children were killed when an aftershock -- one of four that day , all 4.6 magnitude or higher -- disrupted the concrete slabs imprisoning them , he said . A New York-based philanthropist , Bazin , 54 , has been in Haiti since December 13 . His nonprofit organization , JB Humanitarian , builds schools for the poor in Haiti . Six staff members of one of his schools , in Ocadet , died when the 7.0-magnitude quake struck Tuesday , causing the school to collapse on top of them . Bazin was on the porch of a nearby home taking pictures of the mountains . Twenty-four children were inside the home , he said . "  The next thing I know , this thing is splitting in half -- the mountain split in half , " he said . "  The house where I was went down . " He and 12 of the children had been freed as of Saturday morning , but the remaining children were in the back of the house when the earthquake hit . Bazin said he and 11 others were working to free them in one of the poorest sections of Port-au-Prince . Looking for a loved one ? Visit iReport.com Bazin 's dilemma was one of myriad stories of lost loved ones pouring into CNN this week via its tip lines and iReport.com . Other pleas for help have reportedly come from within the rubble of collapsed buildings . Regine Madhere is one such case . The 26-year-old worked in the pharmacy of a four-story Caribbean market leveled by the temblor . Stateside friends and relatives in Port-au-Prince told CNN that Madhere had been sending texts to relatives and to a local radio station this week . Reached Saturday in Port-au-Prince , Madhere 's aunt and uncle said an American rescue team had been working through the night to rescue those trapped in the market 's ruins . Watch a rescue at the market from earlier in the week Her uncle , Guy Gelin , further said he had seen the rescuers free six to eight people Friday and he was hopeful that Madhere would be free by day 's end . "  They are working very , very hard . They make many holes so -LSB- those trapped -RSB- can breathe . They give us hope today , " said her aunt , Ginette Madhere , who has n't slept since the quake rocked the capital . Help the Madhere family find Regine With a dearth of resources and rescuers in Haiti , victims are reaching out to locales as faraway as Florida , New York , even Germany . The long-distance text messages serve as a sign of the fear and desperation many are experiencing in the Western Hemisphere 's most-impoverished nation . Bazin said his own anguish is confounded by doubts that rescuers will reach his school in Ocadet anytime soon . "  Nobody give a damn because these people are so poor , " he said . "  This is the last place they would ever think of coming . " He planned to head into the city later Saturday , he said , to find more food for the trapped children . He said he also hoped to rent a tractor to move some of the larger chunks of concrete enveloping the students . "  I have to get them out before I get back to the States . I can not just leave them like that , " he said .	Jacques Bazin says two children died under a collapsed house after a Friday aftershock Bazin was under the rubble three days before he was saved ; he 's now helping others Text messages to Germany , New York speak to dearth of rescuers , resources in Haiti Regine Madhere 's aunt , uncle at market , hoping rescuers will soon pull her from debris
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- I wore a path between Washington and Philly for interviews and shoots for our recent "  Cheating Death " special with Dr. Sanjay Gupta . In the field : Jeremy Harlan My job as a photojournalist is to shoot and edit stories for CNN and make sure my news team eats well on the road . On assignment : Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Now , I love cheese steaks as much as the next guy . But my arteries can only take so much steak , cheese and peppers . So here are a few places that are great alternatives in the City of Brotherly Love . Reading Terminal Market Hours : 8 a.m.-6 p.m. Monday through Saturday ; 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Sunday Cuisine : You name it , the market has it How do I describe the Reading Terminal Market ? It 's like the Las Vegas of food . Everywhere you turn , there 's something interesting to see , smell and taste . It is food sensory overload . The hardest part of going to the market is not eating the very first thing you see . Give yourself 15 minutes to walk through the market before deciding where to spend your hard-earned lunch dollar . I saw apple dumplings , muffalettas , spanakopita , pulled pork , snapper soup , strombolis , all the fresh veggies , meat and cheese you could throw in your fridge and of course cheese steaks . I finally decided to stop at Dinic 's Pork and Beef for the famous roast pork sandwich . The service was fast and friendly . The sandwich was fantastic , and if you sit at the counter long enough , you might hear one of Philly 's finest talk about the crazy arrest of the day . And make sure you save room for a smooth and creamy cupcake  or two  from the Flying Monkey . Magic Carpet Hours : 10:30 a.m.-3 p.m. Cuisine : Mediterranean/vegetarian The first thing I ask our local contact on a story is where I 'm eating lunch . If you ask Holly Auer , University of Pennsylvania Hospital 's senior medical communications officer , she 'll immediately say , "  Magic Carpet . " This vegetarian culinary delight is actually a small vendor trailer just across from Penn Hospital . If you have n't been to Philly , you need to know this city takes its street vendor food pretty seriously . I still scratch my head at how these folks make so much delicious food in such cramped quarters . My personal favorite at Magic Carpet is a pita sandwich stuffed with grape leaves . It 's so good , I usually eat two . Maybe the best part : The sandwiches are around five bucks . Definitely the worst part : the long line of neurosurgeons , med students , nurses and cardiologists waiting for their delicious ride on the Carpet , too . The Franklin Fountain Hours : noon-midnight Cuisine : Ice cream The Franklin Fountain is a cool escape back to the early 20th-century ice cream fountain shop . Although it opened in the summer of 2004 , you would think it was 1944 when you walk in the door . The owners left no detail ignored in building this dairy delight . The fountain offers sundaes , splits , ice cream waffle sandwiches , fresh pies , house-made cakes , phosphates and America 's oldest soft drink , just to name a few . Coffee lovers will enjoy the Lightning Rod sundae . Everyone will enjoy his or her trip back in time .	CNN 's Jeremy Harlan talks about his favorite places to eat in Philadelphia Reading Terminal Market is the "  Las Vegas of food , " Harlan says Franklin Fountain is a cool escape back to early 20th-century soda fountain
CNN  -- According to the conventional wisdom , lame duck presidents ca n't do very much . The popular image is that they are killing time , maybe grabbing a beer with the locals , until the new guy or gal comes to town . There are many reasons why the lame duck period is so daunting . Presidents ca n't scare their opponents with the threat of what they will do in or after the next election , while opponents are prepared to double down in their obstruction to destroy the legacy of the White House and prevent a departing president from making gains that will benefit his party . For voters , gone is the thrill of the original election . Now they are well aware of all the president 's flaws and failures . At the same time , members of the president 's party in Congress are reluctant to take any more big risks for their leader given that he will soon be goneâ $ " and hopefully they will not . But the truth is that a lot can happen in the final years of a presidency . The notion that this is dead political time does n't hold water . While all the obstacles facing presidents in the lame duck period are very real , there are a number of factors that can allow a president to make significant progress at this key moment . A crisis is the most important factor . Stuff happens in politics , and sometimes a crisis creates a window of opportunity for presidential action even when Congress has been gridlocked for long periods . When major crises occurâ $ " whether economic , humanitarian , natural or national security -- presidents can find that public pressure is so great for government action they can twist and turn Congress into action . This has happened many times . Most recently , President George W. Bush was able to implement the surge in Iraq when his policies in 2007 seemed to be failing . Even though the public had turned against him and Congress came under Democratic control in 2006 , the Iraqi civil war created room for action . When the bottom fell out of financial markets in fall 2008 , Bush was also able to push through the TARP program that bailed out the banks and restored some stability to financial markets . On the surface President Obama faces a crisis in the Middle East and Eastern Europe that will further drag him down . This weekend he reached out to Israeli Prime Minister Benajmin Netanyahu to try to encourage efforts for peace in the Middle East . Many people are skeptical that the president will have much luck achieving any kind of breakthrough . But if Secretary of State John Kerry can manage to broker a cease-fire , combined with some broader accord that stabilizes the situation in the Middle East , this could be considered one of the President 's greatest triumphs . And if Obama can bring international pressure to bear on Russia and its allied rebels to a point that President Vladimir Putin backs off from his aggressive path , this too could prove to be a credit to the President 's record . On domestic policy the multiple court decisions that continue to raise questions about the Affordable Care Act could create an opportunity for President Obama to go back to Congress to fix and strengthen the legislation . International diplomatic pressure is a force that can operate outside the normal political cycle . Sometimes actions by foreign leaders can emerge to provide huge opportunities for effective leadership . This was certainly the case with Mikhail Gorbachev , who pushed hard to complete negotiations over the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty in 1987 even as President Ronald Reagan faced intense push-back from the right . The result was that Reagan regained his standing after the disastrous impact of the Iran Contra scandal and in 1987 signed an agreement that is considered one of his most important achievements . Today , with world events so chaotic , President Obama would be eager and receptive to any new voice that emerges from the tumult to help achieve peace . Midterms can also push elected officials toward agreements . Voters can shift the political winds in Washington . If Republicans do extremely well in 2014 , as conservatives hope , the results could embolden the GOP and perhaps frighten Democrats into deals on issues like border control . If Democrats do better than expected , holding back the traditional losses that usually take place , they could end up causing fear among Republicans that they need to make some deals or they will do even worse in the 2016 election . President Obama could use that kind of leverage to push through the immigration reform plan that has eluded him . When the GOP only scored meager gains in the 1998 midterm elections , which came at the height of the effort to impeach President Bill Clinton , Republicans came out fearful that they had gone too far and were losing ground as the party of extremism . In Clinton 's final years he was able to reach some deals with the Republican Congress on deficit reduction that bolstered his own standing . Finally , part of how the lame duck period unfolds will depend on how much political risk President Obama is willing to take to get things done , either through executive action or the legislative process . It is possible that in these final years a president can lose some of the inhibitions that shaped his time in office to take a chance on bold moves that upset his own party . In 1968 , when President Lyndon Johnson was trying to get a 10 % tax surcharge through Congress that would help finance the Great Society even while continuing the war in Vietnam , congressional conservatives insisted on steep spending cuts that were intolerable to liberals . After announcing in March 1968 that he would not run for re-election , Johnson agreed to the cuts and obtained the revenue he needed . In 1980 , after having lost to Ronald Reagan , Senate Democrats agreed to a series of compromises on legislation to protect 100 million acres of land in the Alaska wilderness , realizing they would get a much worse deal after Reagan was in the White House , to pass a bill that became a landmark of environmental protection . As his second term begins to wind down , President Obama could , for instance , continue to move aggressively by using executive orders to achieve more progress on climate change . He could also return to discussion of some kind of deal on Social Security and Medicare that he has been talking about for years , even though it would certainly anger the base of his party . He could tackle some issues , like urban poverty or campaign finance reform , that he has mostly put aside since taking office . So watch out for the lame duck period : President Obama 's supporters should be a little more optimistic about what can happen in the next few years ; while his opponents should n't be so confident that they will rule the roost . History shows that the next few years could be a highly creative and significant period in Obama 's presidency . Just when things seem most desperate , presidents have sometimes found the space they need in the closing months of their term to make gains . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Popular image is that lame duck presidents are powerless , just serving out their term Julian Zelizer : Lame ducks actually can accomplish things , by responding to crises Do n't write off the chance of Mideast breakthrough by President Obama , he says Zelizer : Circumstances can create powerful opportunities for change
CNN  -- Tiger Woods won the World Golf Championship tournament at Doral 's Blue Monster course in Florida on Sunday , boosting his comeback just weeks before next month 's Masters . Woods , 37 , finished Sunday 's final round two strokes ahead of runner-up Steve Stricker despite two bogeys in his last three holes . Woods ' 76th PGA tour win puts him closer to regaining the No. 1 ranking in the world , a status now held by Northern Ireland golfer Rory McIlroy , 23 , who finished the tournament seven strokes behind Woods and tied for eighth place . It is Woods ' second tournament win of the young season , adding to the Farmers Insurance Open title he won in January . The hot start is reminiscent of a stretch from 2005 to 2007 when Woods won 21 tournaments and five majors . Woods credits his physical condition and his work with swing coach Sean Foley . "  I 'm finally healthy and that has a lot to do with it , " he said Saturday . The major overhaul to his technique is complete , he said . "  We are just making fine tunes . Each and every day you have little bitty adjustments here and there , " he told reporters .	Wood finishes 2 strokes ahead of Steve Stricker despite 2 bogeys in last 3 holes Woods ' 76th PGA tour win puts him closer to regaining the No. 1 ranking It is Woods ' second tournament win of the young season
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva rejected protesters ' demands Monday that he call an early election and dissolve parliament , saying on national television that he would listen to the protesters but would not be forced to accede to their demands . The rejection came after another largely peaceful day of demonstration during which thousands of red-shirted protesters called for a blood bath of sorts -- organizing a blood drive and threatening to spatter hundreds of liters of donated blood over government buildings and the prime minister 's residence . Abhisit spent much of Monday morning holed up in a safe house in a military compound , which was surrounded by protesters . He left by helicopter in order to survey the situation , after which the protesters left the site . The protests , which were expected to continue Tuesday , have hurt the economy . The nation 's tourism minister estimated the demonstrations might have resulted in a 20 percent drop in tourists . The impact on Chinese visitors appears to have been greater , with the Chinese Chamber of Commerce reporting a 50 percent cancellation rate . "  Red shirts " rally in Bangkok : Share your photos The protesters , who are trying to bring down the prime minister 's administration , announced the blood drive an hour after Abhisit ignored a demand by the "  red shirts " -- named for their clothing -- to dissolve parliament by noon Monday . Nattawut Saikua -- one of the leaders of the anti-government United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship -- said the protesters will collect 1,000 liters  1 million cubic centimeters  of blood Tuesday and then throw it on the grounds of the Government House , which houses ministerial offices . If Abhisit still refuses to dissolve parliament , the demonstrators said , they will collect another 1,000 liters of blood the next day and splash it on the headquarters of the ruling party . The next day , they will collect 1,000 more liters and target the prime minister 's residence , the demonstrators said . The anti-government demonstrations began Friday . By Sunday , tens of thousands of protesters had poured into the center of Bangkok . The rallies have been largely peaceful . Abhisit said Monday that his government will not use force to quell the demonstrations . Army Col. Sansern Kaewkumnerd said a number of grenades were tossed from a side street into the 11th Infantry headquarters , where the Center for the Administration of Peace and Order is coordinating the government response to the protests . Two soldiers were hurt , the colonel said . The protesters are supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . Thaksin was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full term and remains hugely popular . He fled the country in 2008 while facing trial on corruption charges that he says were politically motivated . The protesters say Abhisit was not democratically elected and have demanded that he call new elections . About 50,000 security forces were mobilized ahead of the protests and additional soldiers were guarding Abhisit . Since Thaksin 's ouster , Thailand has endured widespread political unrest that has pitted Thaksin loyalists against Abhisit supporters . Two people were killed and at least 135 wounded in riots in April 2009 when protesters clashed with demonstrators supporting the government . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report	PM Abhisit Vejjajiva says he will listen to protesters but not accede to their demands Protesters say they will collect 1,000 liters of blood Tuesday to throw at Government House Two soldiers were injured when grenades were tossed into the 11th Infantry Headquarters The protesters are supporters of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra
A $ 50 million settlement has been reached in connection with the deadly collapse of a stage at the Indiana State Fair , a lawyer for injured survivors and relatives of those killed said Friday . The incident occurred August 13 , 2011 , when a strong storm packing winds estimated by the National Weather Service of 60 to 70 mph rolled through just before Sugarland , the country music duo of Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush , was set to perform . Authorities took the stage to warn the crowd to seek shelter at one point , due to the rough conditions . Four minutes later , speakers and metal scaffolding fell into the "  Sugar Pit , " a section usually occupied by Sugarland 's most ardent fans . Five people died soon after the collapse , with two more succumbing later to their injuries . Scores more were injured and survived . The $ 50 million settlement reportedly includes $ 11 million that had been previously paid out by the state of Indiana . It also "  resolves the claims arising from the seven deaths and over 58 injuries against 19 of the 20 defendants in the case , " according to Kenneth J. Allen , whose firm represented many of the victims and the families of those killed . Allen said the terms of how the $ 50 million will be distributed are being kept confidential , but noted that "  all of  his  clients are gratified to reach a conclusion and pleased by the settlement . " He also noted a historical distinction of the settlement : "  For the first time in the state of Indiana -- and to our knowledge in the U.S. -- a lesbian widow has received a settlement for the wrongful death of her wife . " Allen was speaking of Christina Santiago , a well-known figure in Chicago 's LGBT community who died in the collapse . Santiago 's domestic partner and executor , Alisha Brennon , will receive compensation as her surviving spouse . "  It 's a legacy particularly befitting of  Santiago  and I 'm sure she 's proud of it , " said Allen . The settlement was reached with 19 companies . There 's still a case out against one remaining defendant : ESG Security -- a company that employed a guard who was among those killed -- that "  will likely go to trial in 2015 , " Allen said . Two investigative reports released in spring 2012 found that the scaffolding was not up to standards and the Indiana State Fair Commission did not have adequate emergency planning in place . The findings were presented by representatives from the firm and officials from Witt Associates , a public safety and crisis management consulting group . At the time , then-Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels promised to implement the reports ' recommendations even as he insisted his state fair was n't much different from many others . "  It 's ... now clear that most , if not all states , have been deficient in this area and have much to learn from this tragedy , " Daniels said then in a statement . Earlier that year , the Indiana Department of Labor announced penalties totaling $ 80,800 following a worker safety investigation into the collapse . The largest fines -- totaling $ 63,000 for what the agency said were three "  knowing violations " -- were levied on Mid-America Sound Corp. , which built the stage structure and leased it to the fair .	Scaffolding collapsed around an Indiana State Fair stage , killing 7 and injuring dozens Victims and kin of those killed agree to a $ 50 million settlement in the case A separate case against a security company working the fair is continuing , law firm says Earlier reports found the scaffolding was n't up to par ; emergency plans were inadequate
Washington  CNN  -- A preliminary U.S. Navy plan to allow its chaplains to perform same-sex marriages in military chapels after the end of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " has fired up congressional opposition . All services are moving forward with the transition from the present ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in uniform . Top Pentagon officials are expected to sign off on the new rules and the progress of training in coming weeks . An April 13 memo from the Navy officer in charge of chaplains says they "  may " officiate at same-sex marriages or civil unions , depending on both local laws and their religious organization . It is not clear if the other services would have a similar provision . "  Regarding the use of base facilities for same-sex marriages , legal counsel has concluded that , generally speaking , base facility use is sexual orientation-neutral , " Rear Adm. Mark Tidd , the Navy 's chief of chaplains , said in the memo . "  This is a change to previous training that stated same-sex marriages are not authorized on federal property . " After the pending rule change was reported in the Navy Times and Stars and Stripes newspapers , it drew criticism from dozens of members of Congress . A letter from Rep. Todd Akin , R-Missouri , to the secretary of the Navy asking him to block the change has been signed by 63 members of Congress , according to Akin 's website . Akin says the Navy 's permission for gay weddings in military chapels , once the current policy formally is ended , would violate the federal Defense of Marriage Act . "  While a state may legalize same-sex marriage , federal property and federal employees , like Navy chaplains , should not be used to perform marriages that are not recognized by federal law , " Akin said on his website . "  My colleagues and I are calling on the secretary of the Navy to make sure that the Navy actually follows the law . As we state in the letter , ` It is not the place of any citizen of this country to pick and choose which laws they are going to obey . We expect citizens sworn to defend those laws to set the example in their application . ' " The Pentagon said in a statement Monday that the Defense of Marriage Act "  does not limit the type of religious ceremonies a chaplain may perform in a chapel on a military installation . " However , while the Defense of Marriage Act still stands , the Defense Department would not recognize those unions as valid marriages even if they 're performed in a state that recognizes same-sex marriages . Cmdr. Danny Hernandez , the Navy 's assistant chief of information , told CNN that under the same-sex marriage proposal , each chaplain would be bound by his own religious beliefs . "  A chaplain can conduct a same-sex ceremony if it is in the tenets of his faith , " Hernandez said . And he said the policy would have no impact on military benefits . When Defense Secretary Robert Gates and others announced that the Pentagon would end the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , they made it clear that benefits for spouses and survivors are a complicated issue that would require more study and planning .	A Navy proposal brings a new round of congressional opposition "  Legal counsel " concludes that "  base facility use is sexual orientation-neutral , " a memo says A letter signed by 63 members of Congress says the change would violate federal law
London , England  CNN  -- As a style journalist for over ten years , I 've made it my business to scour the world in search of fresh and innovative fashion . And since launching ARISE , I 've honed my sights on Africa . The position has afforded me an unparalleled opportunity to travel around the continent meeting designers and going behind the scenes of what is fast becoming an influential and meaningful industry . Whereas previously Africa was only seen as a source of anthropological inspiration for international brands , now its homegrown talents are standing up and being counted too and riding the wave of interest in Africa 's broader cultural and economic ascension . Established names such as Duro Olowu in London , Xuly BÃ "  t in Paris , Kofi Ansah in Ghana , Jewel By Lisa in Lagos and Marianne Fassler in Johannesburg are inspiring younger talents while more and more African fashion weeks , magazines , websites , boutiques and schools are blossoming . I find it a hugely exciting field of fashion that is finally having its moment to shine . "  New African Fashion " is a celebration of this moment . The coffee table book charts the long history and reverence of adornment on the continent , heralds African fashion 's early pioneers and profiles the best designers , models and street style photographers prospering today . Here are five of my favorite . Gloria Wavamunno "  I am in love with my continent right now , " says Ugandan designer Gloria Wavamunno . "  My art is African and I am extremely proud of where I come from . " These sentiments are apparent in her autumn/winter 2011/12 collection entitled ` Not A Dream , My Soulmate . ' Cute jackets made from Ugandan bark cloth are worn with full pleated skirts , hot pants and cropped trousers in shades of gold , black and blue . Debuted at London Fashion Week , the show also featured slogan T-shirts -- one was emblazoned with ` I 'm Responsible For My Africa ' while another had the words ` Live Aid ' crossed out and the word ` Trade ' printed underneath . Wavamunno was born in London in 1985 , where her parents had relocated to in order to escape civil war back home but the family moved back to Uganda shortly after her birth as peace returned under President Yoweri Museveni . She studied fine art at the American Intercontinental University in London and interned at Ozwald Boateng before launching her label in Kampala in 2009 with her first collection called L.O.V.E. She 's since opened a boutique , shown at African Fashion Week in Johannesburg . Maki Oh With her label Maki Oh , Amaka Osakwe explores her thirst for African textiles to create intricately constructed , sensual pieces that simultaneously preserve and evolve traditional dress practices . She was brought up in Lagos , studied fashion at the Arts University College in Bournemouth , UK , and returned to Nigeria to launch her label with autumn/winter 2010/11 's ` Everything In Proportion . ' Sheer tops were embellished with a calabash jigsaw , voluminous shorts were made from adire  indigo-dyed patterned cloth  , baggy trousers suggestive of men 's agbada suits used antique aso-oke  loom woven fabric  , and jersey dresses came covered in symbols suggestive of the intimate female form beneath . "  I wanted to make Nigerians aware of their own handmade fabrics which are infused with meanings that have been passed down through generations , " she says . Web boutiques bring African fashion to world market Black Coffee Jacques van der Watt 's highly conceptual brand , which values the form and functionality of clothing over the frivolity of trends , has for over a decade helped forge a contemporary identity for South African fashion . He studied both English and Japanese pattern-cutting techniques at Leggatts Design Academy  his graduate collection was all reversible  and worked as a costume designer before launching Black Coffee in 1998 . "  At the time designer fashion was considered only for occasion wear . Black Coffee was part of the new guard , " he says . Joined by designer and stylist Danica Lepan in 2004 , Black Coffee accumulated numerous accolades and introduced ` Everyone Can Be A Designer , ' a secondary range of mutable garments , before Lepan 's departure in 2010 . He says : "  My designs happen very organically , but my aim is always to dress the creative , adventurous woman . " Stiaan Louw Stiaan Louw 's androgynous , multi-layered collections explore male sexuality and the culture clash between social tribes , issues that intrigue him as an Afrikaan working in a fledgling democracy and equally fledgling men 's fashion market . The Durbanville-born designer studied at the Haute Couture School of Fashion Design in Cape Town , where he developed an affinity for cut , construction and hand tailoring , and after graduating in 2000 , he worked as a stylist , accessories and women 's wear designer before making the logical leap to menswear in 2008 . He says about his autumn/winter 2011/12 : "  This collection presents Africa as the cradle of mankind . We are all African , regardless of ethnicity , cultural background or sexuality . " The Namibian women who dress like Victorians Christie Brown Aisha Obuobi was motivated by her seamstress grandmother to devote herself to fashion . "  Early on I learnt to appreciate the wonders of beautiful design and reveled in creating outfits for my favorite dolls , " recalls the Accra-based designer . She moved on to customizing her own wardrobe and after studying fashion under Ghanaian designer Joyce Ababio , she launched Christie Brown in 2008 . Fittingly , the label is named in honor of her grandmother . Obuobi showed her first collection of African wax print cocktail dresses at Africa Fashion Week in Johannesburg in 2009 , where she won the Emerging Designer of the Year award , and has since shown in Angola , France and Nigeria . Africa fashion week in New York Her flirty , feminine designs revolve around clean silhouettes such as empire line dresses , swing coats , blazers and pencil skirts made from Chantilly lace , chiffon and silk , which are often embellished with feathers , fringing and clusters of covered buttons . For autumn/winter 2011/12 , her Mad Men-ready collection of fitted and full styles was complimented by a new jewelery range . "  I find strength in simplicity and appreciate the grace of effortless style , " she says . "  My aim is to create wearable designs that make my clients feel sophisticated , confident and modern . "	Helen Jennings is a journalist and editor of London based magazine , ARISE . She scours the world for fashion trends and has honed her sights on Africa . Jenning says fashion is becoming an influential industry on the continent .
CNN  -- We all know the feeling of dread that washes over you when standing at the baggage carousel after a flight . "  Did my bag make it ? " In the last couple of years , another wrinkle has been added to the mix in the form of bag fees . In the past , if an airline lost , delayed or damaged your bag , you could get compensation . That 's still true today , but what about that fee you paid just for the right to check your bag ? Can you get that back ? While some airlines will give you something back , the majority wo n't . That 's surprising to a lot of people , and it does n't really seem fair . Are you paying just to check your bag or are you paying for it to actually get to your destination when you do ? Only one airline will refund your bag fees if your bag is lost , delayed , or damaged and that 's Frontier , with its hubs in Denver and Milwaukee . Kudos to Frontier for doing the right thing , but very few others will do anything at all . Alaska led the way in compensating travelers when it first introduced its bag fees for the first checked bag . Now , if you are n't reunited with your bags within 20 minutes of arriving at the gate , you 're entitled to a $ 20 discount on a future flight or 2,000 bonus miles in the airline 's frequent flier program . There are a couple of catches . This wo n't automatically get put into your account -- you 'll have to talk to someone at the airport within two hours of your arrival to get the credit . Also , it 's only one coupon per person , regardless of how many bags were checked . Delta has also decided to do something in this arena , but it 's structured differently . If your bags are delayed more than 12 hours on Delta , and you 've paid the first and second bag fees , then you can get a credit as well . But on Delta it 's a $ 25 credit for the first bag and another $ 25 if you had a second bag . Unfortunately , this is really the end of the line when it comes to getting something in return when your bags go missing . United has a bag fee refund form , as do others , but the only reasons it says it gives refunds are if there were duplicate charges , if you did n't travel or if you did n't actually check a bag . If your bag was delayed , it appears you are n't getting that fee back in any shape or form . Southwest and JetBlue , of course , wo n't refund your money for checking that first bag , because they do n't charge a fee for those bags . Instead , they bake the cost into the ticket price , and you are n't getting a refund for that . There is a little bit of relief on the horizon from the federal government , but it 's really minor at best . Regulation soon goes into effect that will require airlines to refund bag fees but only if the bag is lost permanently . In other words , if your bag is simply delayed for a day or two or 10 , then this regulation does n't apply . It 's only if that bag is lost and gone forever . Not much teeth to this rule . So what can you do ? Well , if your bag is lost or delayed , you can always try contacting customer relations at the airline . Depending upon the situation , that might be able to get you some bonus miles or a voucher , but that 's the luck of the draw .	Brett Snyder thinks travelers should receive refunds if they do n't get their luggage Delta has a $ 25 to $ 50 voucher if your bags are delayed by more than 12 hours Frontier is one airline that refunds bag fees if your bag does n't arrive on your flight
Grammy-winning pop singer Bruno Mars will deliver the Super Bowl XLVIII halftime show next February , the NFL announced Sunday . Mars appeared live on "  Fox NFL Sunday " for the announcement just before the kickoff of the first week of Sunday afternoon games in the regular season . The Super Bowl is still five months away , but early start of the publicity campaign for the halftime show is evidence that the entertainment rivals the actual game for attention . "  The Pepsi Super Bowl halftime show is the most-watched musical event of the year , " the NFL news release said . "  More than 110.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year 's show . " Beyonce 's performance at the last Super Bowl was critically acclaimed by fans . Previous acts include Madonna , The Who , Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band , Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers , Prince , the Rolling Stones , Paul McCartney and U2 . Michael Jackson 's performance at Super Bowl XXVII in 1993 is credited with launching the tradition of blockbuster halftime shows . Mars -- born Peter Gene Hernandez in Hawaii 27 years ago -- was just 4 when he began performing in his family 's show as an Elvis impersonator . He moved to Los Angeles as a young adult to write and produce for other artists , but his last three years have been his most successful . His debut album for Atlantic Records , "  Doo-Wops & Hooligans , " includes "  Just The Way You Are , " which won him a Grammy for best male pop vocal performance in 2010 . The album and his hit single "  Grenade " were nominated for three Grammys in 2011 . His second album , "  Unorthodox Jukebox , " includes the hits "  Locked Out of Heaven " and "  When I Was Your Man . " Mars has been nominated for 14 Grammys and has sold over 115 million singles . He has been touring the world with his eight-piece band , The Hooligans . Fox Sports urged fans to stay tuned throughout the season "  to see what surprises Bruno Mars has in store for this historic halftime show . " The next Super Bowl is set for MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , on Sunday , February 2 , 2014 .	Mars has been nominated for 14 Grammys and has sold over 115 million singles Super Bowl XLVIII is set for New Jersey 's MetLife Stadium on February 2 , 2014 Super Bowl halftime show is the most-watched musical event of the year , the NFL says Michael Jackson 's 1993 Super Bowl performance launched the tradition of big halftime shows
The U.N. Security Council , capping a dramatic month of diplomacy , voted unanimously late Friday to require Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons -- or face consequences . "  Today 's resolution will ensure that the elimination of the Syrian chemical weapons program happens as soon as possible and with the utmost transparency and accountability , " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . The U.N. resolution was based on a deal struck this month between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb that U.S. officials said left at least 1,400 people dead . The resolution did not authorize the automatic use of force if Syria is said to be in violation , as was previously sought by the United States . The 15-member Security Council met shortly after the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , or OPCW , voted to fast-track Syria 's addition to the Chemical Weapons Convention , which bans such weapons . For nearly two years , the U.N. Security Council had been unable to reach a consensus over what to do to bring about an end to Syria 's civil war . Russia and China repeatedly vetoed resolutions dating back to October 2011 that condemned President Bashar al-Assad 's government and called for him to step down . The turnaround came this month , when Russia called for Syria to divest itself of its chemical weapons arsenal after U.S. President Barack Obama accused Syria of crossing a "  red line " with the use of nerve gas and threatened a strike . Syria announced this month that it was willing to join the agreement . A binding obligation Both the United States and Russia warned that if Syria failed to adhere to the terms of the U.N. resolution , it would face consequences . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the world community was imposing a binding obligation on the government of al-Assad to get rid of its stockpile . "  This resolution makes clear that those responsible for this heinous act must be held accountable , " said Kerry . If the resolution succeeds , the world "  will have eliminated one of the largest chemical weapon arsenals on Earth , eliminating it from one of the most volatile places on Earth , " Kerry said . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told the council that his country , long an ally of the Syrian government , "  will stand ready to take action " if the resolution needs enforcement . By agreeing to dismantle its chemical weapons program and provide documentation of its arsenal , "  Damascus has shown its readiness to cooperate , " said Lavrov . Syrian U.N. Ambassador Bashar Jaafari said the resolution holds all parties in Syria accountable for the use of chemical weapons . Inspectors return to Syria U.N. weapons inspectors returned to Syria this week to look into at least a half-dozen claims of chemical weapons use -- some allegedly by the government , others allegedly by rebels . U.N. inspectors have already confirmed the use of chemical warfare in the rural Damascus suburb of Ateibeh in August , but have not explicitly said who was responsible . The al-Assad government has repeatedly accused rebels of using chemical weapons , an assertion that has been widely dismissed by most Western leaders . The United Nations estimates more than 100,000 people have died since March 2011 when a brutal government crackdown against protesters devolved into an all-out civil war . The Security Council vote followed action by the executive council of the OPCW , meeting in the Netherlands . That group adopted its measure by consensus in about 10 minutes . "  We now have a legal mandate to start a verification mission in Syria , " OPCW spokesman Michael Luhan . The OPCW agreed to an "  accelerated program for achieving the complete elimination of Syria 's chemical weapons by mid-2014 , " it said in a statement . Inspections in Syria will begin Tuesday . "  The decision also calls for ambitious milestones for destruction , which will be set by the council by 15 November , " the organization said . Obama : ` Very hopeful ' Obama , speaking before the votes , said he was "  very hopeful " about the developments , but warned much work remains to be done . "  I think , rightly , people have been concerned about whether Syria will follow through on the commitments that have been laid forth and I think there are legitimate concerns as to how technically we are going to be getting those chemical weapons out while there 's still fighting going on the ground , " Obama said . Obama said the threat of U.S. military power pushed Syrian leaders to agree to destroy their chemical weapons and said the resolution "  not only deters and prevents additional chemical use but actually goes beyond what could have been accomplished through any military action . " The OPCW plans to send an advance team of inspectors to Damascus , an official with the organization , who declined to be identified while discussing delicate operations , told CNN on Friday . The official said that in order to meet international deadlines for destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons , the group may opt for a "  quick and dirty " program that would render the weapons unusable but would n't destroy them , the official said . U.S. official : Syrian CW list more complete than anticipated ` Not a license to kill ' Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu has said his country is willing to transport and destroy Syrian chemical weapons , although only as part of an international coalition . Russian President Vladimir Putin earlier in September took to The New York Times to argue against military intervention in Syria . Striking Syria would have many negative ramifications , Putin argued in the piece , including the killing of innocent people , spreading violence around the Middle East , clouding diplomatic efforts to address Iran 's nuclear crisis and resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and "  unleash  ing  a new wave of terrorism . " In his remarks Friday night , Ban called on both the Syrian government and rebels to stop the fighting . "  As we mark this important step , we must never forget that the catalog of horrors in Syria continues with bombs and tanks , grenades and guns , " he said . "  A red light for one form of weapons does not mean a green light for others . This is not a license to kill with conventional weapons . " Syria submits ` initial disclosure ' of chemical weapons program ` No meaningful enforcement mechanisms ' Two Republican U.S. senators criticized the Security Council vote , saying it will do little to end the civil war . "  This resolution is another triumph of hope over reality , " John McCain and Lindsey Graham said in a statement . "  It contains no meaningful or immediate enforcement mechanisms , let alone a threat of the use of force for the Assad regime 's noncompliance . " The pair said al-Assad 's forces will continue to "  use every weapon in their arsenal short of chemical weapons " on the Syrian people while receiving outside assistance from Russia , Iran and Hezbollah while doing so .	Syria says chemical weapons resolution applies to all parties U.S. , Russia warn of consequences if Syria does not abide to resolution Kerry says world community imposing binding obligation on Syria Another body agrees to fast-track Syria entry into Chemical Weapons Convention
Financial Times  -- Three of the most powerful officials in Angola have held concealed interests in an oil venture with Cobalt International Energy , the Goldman Sachs-backed explorer whose operations in one of the world 's most promising energy frontiers are under investigation by US authorities , the Financial Times has learned . The recently departed head of the national oil company and an influential general confirmed to the FT last week that they and another general have held shares in Nazaki Oil and GÃ ¡ z , the local partner in a Cobalt-led deepwater venture launched in early 2010 . Warning its shareholders that it might face liabilities under US anti-corruption laws , Houston-based Cobalt said in February that the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice were investigating its Angolan operations . The three men 's previously opaque shareholdings in Cobalt 's local partner could raise questions about compliance with US anti-corruption law , which makes it a crime to pay or offer anything of value to foreign officials to win business . Manuel Vicente , who was the head of state-owned Sonangol until his appointment in January as minister of state for economic co-ordination , and General Manuel HÃ © lder Vieira Dias JÃºnior , known as Kopelipa , the head of the presidency 's military bureau , confirmed their holdings in Nazaki in near-identical letters . As head of Sonangol , Mr Vicente oversaw Africa 's second-biggest oil industry . Asked whether they had exerted any influence over the award of Cobalt 's oil rights , Mr Vicente and Gen Kopelipa denied wrongdoing . They said they had held their Nazaki interests "  always respecting all Angolan legislation applicable to such activities , not having committed any crime of abuse of power and/or trafficking of influence to obtain illicit shareholder advantages " . They said their interests and those of General Leopoldino Fragoso do Nascimento were held through Grupo Aquattro Internacional . Aquattro is named as a Nazaki shareholder in two company documents from 2007 and 2010 obtained by the FT. They said Aquattro had been "  recently dissolved " but did not say whether they had disposed of their interests in Nazaki . Gen Fragoso do Nascimento , a former head of communications in the presidency , did not respond to requests for comment . Mr Vicente and Gen Kopelipa added : "  Should the continued operation of Cobalt in the Angolan petroleum sector be unviable as a result of any failure to comply with any American law , there will certainly be -LSB- Angolan -RSB- and/or foreign entities interested in substituting for it in the assets it owns in Angola . " Gen Kopelipa added that "  that hopefully will not happen " . Responding to FT inquiries about the three officials , Cobalt stressed that its extensive and ongoing due diligence "  has not found any credible support for -LSB- the -RSB- central allegation that Angolan government officials , and specifically the officials identified ... have any ownership in Nazaki " . It would be happy to review any proof . "  Cobalt has at all times complied fully with both US and Angolan laws , " it said . Nazaki , which did not respond to a request for comment , denied the allegation , Cobalt said . Goldman , one of Cobalt 's founding investors and its biggest shareholder , declined to comment , as did the SEC and DoJ . Sonangol did not respond to requests for comment . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Three powerful officials in Angola have held concealed interests in an oil venture Could raise questions about compliance with US anti-corruption laws
CNN  -- Get ready to hear a lot more from J Cole . The rapper , born Jermaine Cole , has been making waves lately -- from rumors of an alleged sex tape with touring buddy Rihanna that the singer has dismissed as nonsense to a guest verse on the video for Beyonce 's latest single , "  Party . " Not too shabby for a guy who only a few years ago was graduating magna cum laude from St. John 's University in New York . The up-and-coming artist -- who was one of the first signed to Jay-Z 's Roc Nation label -- recently spoke with CNN about his album , "  Cole World : The Sideline Story , " why he needs to watch his jump shot , and who he rocks on his playlist . CNN : You 've done a bunch of mixtapes and had a few false starts before "  Cole World " finally was released . How does it feel now that it 's out , and the debut was so big ? J Cole : It 's probably one of the best feelings I 've had in a long time . It 's relief . I 've been carrying this since 2007 , since right around when I was about to graduate college . In school , everything was a blur : fun , then partying , then homework , then rinse and repeat . Then graduation hit me , and I was like , ` Oh , snap . ' From that time in 2007 , until right now , my life has been full of stress like you ca n't believe . One moment after another of : ' I got ta get this record deal . Oh , Jay-Z likes me , how do I get him to sign ? He signed me ! Oh s ** t , now I got ta put out an album . I finished the album -- now I got ta drop a single ! ' The past three years have been filled with that stress for me , like I 've been under a constant heavy weight , a heavy burden . I do n't jump out of bed every day and scream "  Yeah ! " but the relief is a great feeling . I feel free , for the first time in a long time . CNN : What 's been your favorite night of the tour so far ? Cole : This has definitely been one of the best shows I 've done so far , just in terms of my performance and the crowd , the energy . I 've had so many good shows on this tour so far . Like , legendary-feeling shows , so many sold-out dates . Toronto , Vancouver , Tampa , Denver , L.A. , Phoenix -- so many of these places were showing me so much love . Being on tour after dropping the album and doing all these crazy shows has probably been one of the best periods in my life . CNN : That brace on your foot -- how did that happen ? Was it a tour injury ? Cole : In Orlando , the night before a show , I just wanted to play basketball . I went to some 24-hour fitness center and got together some people for four-on-four . I pulled out for a jump shot , but some dude stepped in front of me and jammed on my ankle . The recovery time has been incredible though . I do n't even really need the brace anymore . It 's just for safety . CNN : One thing that 's been big on your mixtapes and "  Cole World " is how you favor electronic , almost video game-like beats and melodies . Where does that come from ? Cole : I do n't know what it is . It 's not really a conscious thing , like I 'm thinking my raps should sound like I 'm in a video game . I just really love that sound . But yeah , if you listen to , say , ` Lost Ones , ' you can definitely hear a video game-synth type of sound . I really dig that kind of production . CNN : What 's on your playlist when you 're traveling from city to city ? Cole : Now that I 've got more free time , I 'm getting my iTunes right , getting some playlists together . I 'm all over the place . One day , I 'll be listening to a bunch of Ray Charles , the next day it 's nothing but Red Hot Chili Peppers . The next day it might be Tupac all day . TLC , Eric Clapton , it 's all in there . Lately , I 'll play what I 'm working on before the show . Like , I 'm working on a beat , and then I 'll pause it before the show so that when I come back to the bus and hit play I can get right back into that energy . CNN : How does it feel to be headlining your own tour now after opening for Jay-Z and Rihanna 's tours ? Cole : There was a lot less pressure on me as an opener obviously . In that situation , it 's almost like you 're there to steal fans from the headliner , steal a little bit of the spotlight and make them your fans , too . When you 're headlining , people are paying to come see you specifically . It 's a different kind of pressure , because you 've got to deliver . You 've got to give these people what they paid for . It 's a different mind state , a different type of mentality , but it 's honestly a pretty good problem to have , you know ?	Rapper J Cole among the first signed to Jay-Z 's label , Roc Nation The artist can most recently be seen rapping in the video for Beyonce 's "  Party " J Cole is headlining his own tour
CNN  -- Police in Norwalk , Ohio , are searching for a 17-year-old girl who has been missing since June 7 after trading text messages with her boyfriend that indicated the two were planning to run away together , police Sgt. Jim Fulton said Monday . Fulton said police believe Abbi Obermiller left her grandparents ' home on her own accord late on the night of June 6 , but said detectives are "  concerned " that the situation may have changed and that there is a "  possibility she is in danger . " He declined to elaborate on what information authorities have received that led them to believe her situation possibly changed . Investigators in the case have uncovered a series of text messages between Obermiller and her boyfriend , identified by police and by Obermiller 's parents as 20-year-old Robert Young of Norwalk , that appear to be coordinating when she would be picked up from her grandparents ' home in the early morning hours of June 7 , Fulton said . According to Fulton , Obermiller repeatedly sent messages to Young asking , "  How much longer ? " At 12:45 a.m. June 7 , Young responded and told her to "  leave now , " Fulton said . The last text message from Obermiller appeared to direct Young to her location , Fulton said . CNN could not immediately reach Young for comment Monday night . Young has denied knowledge of Obermiller 's whereabouts , according to police . Young has told police the messages were a week old and were sent over Memorial Day weekend while the couple coordinated a swimming date , Fulton said . However , other evidence indicates the couple were making plans to run away after Obermiller 's parents expressed disapproval of their relationship , Fulton said . Young was charged June 14 with obstruction of justice in the case for his failure to cooperate in the investigation , authorities said . A text message to one of Obermiller 's friends sent before her disappearance indicates Obermiller knew she would be going away . In it , she tells her "  bestest friend " that she wo n't be able to talk for a while so "  do n't forget me , " according to Fulton . And a note found in her grandparents ' home reads : "  I just could n't take any more of this drama , it 's not good for me . Love you all . Hope to see you soon . Love , Abbi , " according to Fulton . Fulton also said one of Obermiller 's friends told police she saw Abbi wearing a wedding ring . "  We do believe that Bobby does know where she 's at , he just does n't want to tell us , " Obermiller 's mother , Rose Obermiller , told HLN 's "  Prime News " on Monday night . Rose Obermiller told "  Prime News " that she initially approved of her daughter 's relationship with Young , but that Young 's behavior grew increasingly alarming . "  In the beginning he was a nice Christian boy , " Obermiller said . "  He went to church , he was on the baseball team , he was on the basketball team  and  he really cared for Abbi . "  But as it went on , he was telling her , ` No I do n't want you to be class treasurer ; no , I do n't want you to go to New York with your choir ; no , I do n't want you to see these friends and relatives , " Obermiller said . "  He was telling her what not to do . " Fulton said Young has declined to take a polygraph test in the case .	Abbi Obermiller last seen June 6 Text messages indicate she was planning to run away with her boyfriend , police say Boyfriend denies knowledge of her whereabouts He has been charged with obstruction of justice for failure to cooperate in investigation
The extremist group that 's taken over a large swath of western and northern Iraq announced on Sunday the establishment of a "  caliphate , " an Islamic state stretching across the region , and said it would now be known as the Islamic State rather than the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . The announcement was made in a newly released audio message and written statement purportedly from the official spokesman of ISIS , Abu Mohammed al-Adnani al-Shami . He said "  Al-Baghdadi " is the emir of the caliphate , using his real name Ibrahim Awwad Ibrahim Ali al-Badri al Samarrai , but who is more commonly known as Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . The group said its flag flies from the Aleppo province in Syria to Diyala province in Iraq . The murky battle for Tikrit Iraq 's government is touting military offensive to recapture Saddam Hussein 's hometown of Tikrit from extremists , with some officials taking to state-run television over the weekend to declare the army had defeated the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . But those who live in the city nestled along the Tigris River , about 140 kilometers  about 87 miles  northwest of Baghdad , told a different story on Sunday . "  There are no Iraqi troops here , " one woman told CNN by telephone from Tikrit . The only presence , at least in her neighborhood , is the "  Islamic state , " she said , referring to ISIS . The woman in Tikrit , who asked not to be identified over concerns for her safety , said she could hear the sounds of a fierce battle , in the form of shelling , being carried out by both sides . A video posted on YouTube appears to support her assertion . In it , a man gives a tour of the city to show , he says , that there were no Iraqi security forces on the streets on Saturday -- the day Iraqi forces said they launched the offensive . On the video , the man can be heard repeatedly saying "  June 28 , 2014 , " presumably to offer evidence of the date . The man says "  Thank God , Tikrit is safe and still in the hand of tribesmen and not troops of ` al-Haliki , ' " a derogatory reference to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki that refers to his death . The video also shows a concrete blast wall erected around government buildings being taken down . Witnesses inside and outside of Tikrit said Iraqi forces were heavily shelling the city . At the same time , state-run Iraqi TV showed video footage of large plumes of black smoke billowing from the city . Another video , released by the Ministry of Defense , showed Iraqi troops and convoys loaded with heavy weapons driving through the desert . The video was titled "  cleansing the road between Samarra and Tikrit . " CNN can not independently confirm the claims . Key question in Iraq right now : Who controls Tikrit ? Clashes south of Kirkuk Fighting erupted Sunday between Shiite militiamen and Sunni militants believed to be ISIS fighters in a village about 30 kilometers south of the oil-rich city of Kirkuk , police officials told CNN . About 100 Shiite militants backed by Turkmen fighters attacked the village of al-Basheer , which was seized two weeks ago by ISIS fighters , the officials said . At least 12 Shiite militia fighters were killed and eight others were wounded in the fighting that lasted for several hours . Sporadic clashes continued to be reported into the evening . Al-Basheer has a mixed population of Shiite Turkmen and Sunnis . Fighting in Jalawla Members of the Kurdish fighting force -- known as Peshmerga -- battled ISIS fighters near the town of Jalawla , about 85 kilometers  53 miles  north of Baghdad , on Sunday , police officials told CNN . The fighting was still ongoing , the officials said . Jalawla is under the control of the Peshmerga , but ISIS controls al-Saadiya about 15 kilometers  9.3 miles  to the south . ISIS attacks Iraqi military base , again ISIS fighters and allied militants launched an attack Sunday on a military base south of Baghdad , the second such attack in as many days , two officials with the Ministry of Interior told CNN . The attack came amid reports that a roadside bomb blast hit a vehicle carrying the Iraqi army commander for the area , killing two of his guards and wounding four others , the officials said . The commander survived , they said . The attack occurred at the military base Jurf al-Sakhar , on the outskirts of Hilla , where an infantry brigade is based . At least seven soldiers , mostly new recruits , were killed and 15 were wounded , the officials said . The fighting is ongoing , they said . Atta : Operations underway across Iraq Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , said in televised briefing that multiple operations were under way across Iraq that resulted in the killing of 142 ISIS fighters . The Iraqi flag , he said , was hoisted above government offices in a number of cities and towns near Tikrit , where security forces are continuing operations to retake the city . The advance on the Tikrit is continuing , with troops worked to disarm "  hundreds " of roadside bombs and booby traps that have been planted by fighters , he said . CNN can not independently confirm the claims .	We 're now calling ourselves the Islamic State , the group known as ISIS proclaims Sunday Iraqi government touts offensive to retake Tikrit ; residents ask so where are the troops ? Shiite militants backed by Turkmen fighters fight ISIS south of oil-rich Kirkuk Kurdish fighters battle ISIS little more than 50 miles north of Baghdad
CNN  -- The director of the FBI defended Friday an agent 's actions in impersonating an Associated Press reporter to track down a suspect -- a tactic criticized by the news agency as "  unacceptable . " In a letter to the New York Times , FBI director James Comey said the deception had occurred in 2007 , as the agency tried to solve a series of bomb threats and cyberattacks directed at a high school in the Seattle area . And he rebuffed criticism of the agency 's methods , saying , "  We do use deception at times to catch crooks , but we are acting responsibly and legally . " Comey said the agency had determined that the suspect was a narcissist and so set out to snare him making use of that . The agent who posed as an AP reporter "  asked if the suspect would be willing to review a draft article about the threats and attacks , to be sure that the anonymous suspect was portrayed fairly , " he wrote . As a result of the suspect clicking on a link relating to the fake story , the agency was able to track him down using court-authorized tools , Comey said . "  No actual story was published , and no one except the suspect interacted with the undercover ` A.P. ' employee or saw the fake draft story , " he wrote . "  Only the suspect was fooled , and it led to his arrest and the end of a frightening period for a high school . " FBI tactics ` undermine AP ' However , AP executive editor Kathleen Carroll slammed the agency 's tactics , according to an AP report . "  This latest revelation of how the FBI misappropriated the trusted name of The Associated Press doubles our concern and outrage , expressed earlier to Attorney General Eric Holder , about how the agency 's unacceptable tactics undermine AP and the vital distinction between the government and the press , " Carroll said in a statement . The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press sent a letter Thursday to Comey and Holder expressing its deep concern over what it said was an "  inexcusable " failure to comply with their own offices ' guidelines on impersonation of the news media . "  The utilization of news media as a cover for delivery of electronic surveillance software is unacceptable . This practice endangers the media 's credibility and creates the appearance that it is not independent of the government , " it said . "  It undermines media organizations ' ability to independently report on law enforcement . It lends itself to the appearance that media organizations are compelled to speak on behalf of the government . " ` Government disinformation ' In a letter sent to the Justice Department last week , the AP requested Holder 's word that the Justice Department would never again misrepresent itself as the news agency , an AP report said . The AP also asked for policies to ensure the department does not impersonate other news organizations in the future . "  The FBI both misappropriated the trusted name of The Associated Press and created a situation where our credibility could have been undermined on a large scale , " AP General Counsel Karen Kaiser wrote . "  The FBI may have intended this false story as a trap for only one person . However , the individual could easily have reposted this story to social networks , distributing to thousands of people , under our name , what was essentially a piece of government disinformation . " Comey 's letter said the methods used in the case were "  proper and appropriate " under Justice Department and FBI guidelines at the time -- but acknowledged that higher approval levels would probably be needed for the use of such a technique today . "  Every undercover operation involves ` deception , ' which has long been a critical tool in fighting crime , " his letter concluded . "  The F.B.I. 's use of such techniques is subject to close oversight , both internally and by the courts that review our work . "	FBI director James Comey defends FBI agent 's impersonation of an AP reporter The ruse was used to track down a suspect who made bomb threats against a high school "  No actual story was published , " he says , and only the suspect was fooled AP executive editor slams FBI 's unacceptable tactics , says they undermine credibility
CNN  -- There are times when political ambition spurs political leaders to reach new heights of courage and creativity . To date , the Ebola outbreak of 2014 is not proving to be one of those times . By chance , the deadly infection first arrived on American shores in two states , Texas and New York , where powerful governors are each nurturing dreams of the presidency and eager to posture as men with the right stuff to lead the nation . But Rick Perry in Texas and Andrew Cuomo in New York are both being tripped up by a dilemma that has bedeviled recent presidents : They are trying to govern an irritable , politically polarized electorate that demands and rewards certainty and bombast from its leaders , even in situations that cry out for flexibility and calm . Forced to choose between narrow political advantage and the broader public good , Perry and Cuomo both showed they are willing to take the easy way out . From the very start , it 's been clear that the only logical way to stem the Ebola crisis is to contain and control the disease at its source . That means getting medical materials and personnel to the West African nations of Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea without delay -- battling the virus overseas so we do n't have to contend with it here . That 's a tricky , complex logistical task . Even before the Ebola outbreak , all three nations suffered from poverty , civil wars , rickety infrastructure and a weak health system . Aid workers from America and other nations are frantically trying to build a public health system in places where none existed before  in the hard-hit Bomi region of Liberia , for instance , there are only two doctors for 89,000 people  . The virus could conceivably overwhelm the heroic efforts under way . The World Health Organization estimates that the three affected countries already have 10,000 confirmed , probable and suspected cases of Ebola -- but that number could explode to as many as 10,000 new infections per week by the end of this year . In addition to causing a global humanitarian crisis , an epidemic of such proportions would be far more likely to spread to Europe and the Americas , which to date have treated only 18 Ebola patients . The simple-minded reaction here has been to propose banning travel to and from the affected countries and quarantining anybody entering the U.S. from those places . But that , according to health experts , would be a disastrous mistake . "  We have been reiterating at every opportunity that we do not recommend travel and trade restrictions . We need outsiders to get in to combat this outbreak , " says Gregory Hartl , a spokesman for WHO . "  We need expert logisticians , epidemiologists , communications experts . If the flights are being cut off they ca n't get in . " But the men who would be president are responding to very different considerations than the health experts are . "  This is all hands on deck , " Perry declared at a press conference on October 1 , shortly after the news that a Liberian man in Dallas , Thomas Duncan , had been diagnosed with Ebola . "  Professionals on every level of the chain of command know what to do to minimize any potential risk to the people of Texas , " Perry said , seeking to project an image of quasi-military efficiency that turned out to be a mirage . Duncan 's death was followed by the news that two nurses attending him also contracted the virus -- and had entered the dangerous , contagious phase of the disease while traveling outside of Texas . Reporters soon discovered holes in Perry 's chain of command . At Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital , where Duncan succumbed , a nurse said that boasts about training and preparedness were a myth : "  We never talked about Ebola , and we probably should have , " said one nurse , according to the Texas Tribune . "  They gave us an optional seminar to go to . Just informational , not hands on . It was n't even suggested we go . ... We were never told what to look for . " Perry ended up apologizing for his state 's shortcomings -- and , in a crucial concession to the politics of the situation , reversed an earlier position and called for creation of a no-fly list and suspension of travel to and from Ebola-struck countries . In New York , medical authorities handled the state 's first and only case of Ebola more effectively than in Texas -- but that did n't stop Cuomo from doing a flip-flop of his own on the issue . About a week after a courageous physician named Craig Spencer returned from helping Ebola victims in Africa , he developed an elevated temperature -- one sign that the virus may be present -- and was transported to Bellevue Hospital , one of the 11 city-run hospitals in New York City . Cuomo , along with New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , told New Yorkers to be calm and staged photo ops of himself riding the subways -- something Cuomo almost never does -- to show the public that the chances of being infected with Ebola through casual contact are slim to none . But the next day , Cuomo and his New Jersey counterpart , Gov. Chris Christie , announced without warning that any health workers arriving at New York-area airports who had dealt with Ebola victims will be held in quarantine for 21 days , the incubation period of the virus . The decision , made hastily , went into effect immediately . "  Since taking office , I have erred on the side of caution when it comes to the safety and protection of New Yorkers , and the current situation regarding Ebola will be no different , " Cuomo said . That was a 180-degreee spin from October 7 , when the governor said he would oppose restrictions on travel . "  I do n't think it works mechanically to say , ` Shut off entry from any country , ' because what happens is you just fly to another country and you then you come in from that country , " he said back then . What changed in the meantime ? Cuomo , running for re-election on November 4 , has been hammered by his Republican opponent , Rob Astorino , on New York 's Ebola preparedness . And the governor 's not-so-secret presidential hopes also depend on selling an image of forcefulness and strength to the nation -- an image that could suffer if he seems "  soft " on border control . But the story did not end with this weekend 's stepped-up quarantine . Sunday night , amid intense criticism from medical professionals -- including Kaci Hickox , the nurse quarantined in New Jersey under that state 's rigorous new protocols -- Cuomo once again changed course . He backed down from the strict mandatory quarantine policy he 'd just instituted , according to an article in The New York Times , and adopted a less severe one -- allowing home quarantine for those not showing symptoms of Ebola and compensating them for lost income . Make no mistake about it : Forcing volunteers to sit in a quarantine center for three weeks -- Hickox said she was confined to a makeshift tent and treated like a prisoner -- will discourage , and in some cases halt , the desire of good-hearted professionals to volunteer to fight the war against Ebola . Cuomo 's hastily modified quarantine-at-home policy is less harsh , but could have a similar chilling effect . Christie continues to embrace the original , more severe quarantine . The great irony is that the politicians , driven by ambition , are going to contain , quarantine , hassle and discourage the people who really do have the right stuff : men and women willing to put their lives on the line to save the rest of us .	Errol Louis : Texas , N.Y. governors took easy way out on Ebola returnees He says medical experts ' ability to fly in and out of W. Africa is key to stemming Ebola He says Perry blustered about Texas ' ability on Ebola , Cuomo played politics on quarantine Louis : Effect will be to discourage generous health workers who are best hope
CNN  -- On June 17 and 18 , the political world 's focus will be on Northern Ireland , where the Group of Eight summit will take place . Although this is a region defined by its violent history , the summit is already proving to be one of the most complex and wide-ranging security operations Northern Ireland has ever seen . Thousands of additional police officers are being brought in from England , Wales and the Republic of Ireland to assist . During the 2005 event , which took place in Scotland and was the last G8 summit in the UK , four al Qaeda-inspired men detonated bombs on the London transport network , killing 52 people and themselves . Although any kind of incident at or around the summit venue itself remains unlikely , there is the risk of a terrorist attack timed to distract from the event . But this year , unlike the 2005 attack , the focus is on a very different kind of group . If you thought Northern Ireland 's troubles were a thing of the past , you 'd be forgiven . A brutal terrorist campaign over 35 years that saw almost 4,000 deaths came to an end thanks to a hard-fought political process . What that took should not be underestimated . Years of painstaking mediation and negotiation , risky moves by brave politicians on all sides and the crucial involvement of the U.S. saw hope prevail , despite the occasional setback that threatened destabilization . Communities on both sides of the social and political divide cautiously welcomed the peace process and its negotiated settlements . The "  Troubles " seemed finally to be over . Former paramilitaries agreed to lay down their arms , and once-sworn enemies eventually learned to share power . Yet , peace in Northern Ireland is still described by many as fragile . In recent times , riots , gunfire and petrol bombs have returned to the streets . The "  flag protests , " which defined the end of 2012 and the beginning of 2013 , have again highlighted the inherent divisions in Northern Irish society . The Union flag , flown proudly over Belfast City Hall for so long , was lowered after a vote by the City Council . Some among Northern Ireland 's Unionist community were outraged . Protests escalated . But it is not the rioters and flag protesters who pose the most persistent threat to this fragile peace . Another group watches from the sidelines . They are the "  dissident " Republicans , splinter groups that have grown in size and impact since the peace process saw the end of the Provisional IRA as we once knew it . The dissidents are responsible for a growing wave of low-level bombings , shootings and threats across the region . They insist that only armed resistance can force Britain 's withdrawal from Northern Ireland and lead to a united Ireland . While most people in Northern Ireland view the peace process as having brought stability , the dissidents reject it . Though tactically proficient , the dissidents lack strategic acumen . On the surface , they are united by the idea of "  Brits out , " with aspirations to achieve a united Ireland through violence and their disdain for the Sinn Fein leadership and the peace process that it has embraced . Traditionally , dissidents have been split by local differences , ideological divergences , petty jealousies and competitive personalities . "  Dissident Republican " came to describe a range of groups . One calls itself the Real IRA . Then there 's the Continuity IRA and Ã "  glaigh na hÃ ‰ ireann , Gaelic for Irish Volunteers . There has been talk of a merger to unite the disparate factions . In July , the "  New IRA " was announced : a merger of the Real IRA , the Derry-based Republican Action Against Drugs and other previously non-aligned Republicans . But the Continuity IRA stayed aloof from the alliance . The new group 's members and supporters may number in the few hundreds , but it seems their ranks are growing . They have killed soldiers , police officers and most recently a prison officer . They continue to target Northern Irish police stations , with weaponry of growing sophistication . They shoot suspected inner-city drug dealers north and south of the Irish border to help embed themselves in their communities while simultaneously undermining the police . These dissident factions are capable of causing sometimes extensive disruption with actual or hoax improvised explosive devices . Just last year , police in Northern Ireland recovered an armor-piercing rocket that included the plastic explosive Semtex in the city of Londonderry . We have monitored the dissidents ' steady rise , logging thousands of events and documents in the process . What does it all add up to ? In short , the threat posed by dissident Republican groups is evolving , and probably for the worse . Their activity has increased . Their recruitment efforts continue to expand . Many of these new recruits belong to a different generation from their forerunners . They were n't even born at the time of the 1994 Provisional IRA cease-fire , and some of the older members are senior ex-IRA members who bring much needed political acumen , as well as expertise in bomb-making , recruitment , training and targeting . Their activities span the country , north and south , with mostly urban concentrations in Belfast , Derry , Dublin and Limerick . There is increasing evidence of training and recruitment in the Irish Republic , with evidence for some logistical support appearing in England . True , they do n't have the kind of support once enjoyed by the Provisional IRA . But the dissidents do n't just acknowledge their lack of popular support . They embrace it . They revel in their "  noble isolation . " Terrorism analysts have come to associate this particularly dangerous kind of thinking with Islamist terrorist groups , not Irish Republicans . Yet Ireland 's newest dissidents are a different breed and pose new threats . In responding to recent dissident activity , Northern Ireland 's politicians have been vocal . We hear , time and again , "  Nobody wants a return to the old days , " "  They have no mandate " and "  They will never win . " Those same clichÃ © d responses never deterred the Provisional IRA . In defiance , and in an appeal for support , the dissidents claim the ability to bring their "  struggle to a successful conclusion through military operations . " The 100th anniversary of the Easter Rising , when the progenitors of Irish Republicanism were executed by occupying British forces , is in 2016 . Just like their IRA predecessors , the dissidents draw their inspiration and legitimacy from an unyielding view of the past yet find a steady stream of eager recruits in the present . In the years leading up to 2016 , it is likely that the dissidents will try to strengthen their support and perceived legitimacy through a proliferation of attacks . They will promote themselves as the true heirs of the 1916 Republicans , heirs who can finally bring about a united Ireland through one last campaign of force . The IRA itself was once just a ragtag bunch of self-appointed guardians of an age-old mission that found relevance in contemporary events . A remorseless logic in what the dissidents say reveals why they are unpredictable , dangerous and ambitious . We have become dangerously complacent about the dissident Irish Republicans . We hope we are wrong , and the G8 summit in County Fermanagh does not become a platform on which they can bring international attention to their campaign . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : G8 summit in Northern Ireland presents a security nightmare as IRA rises again Al Qaeda-inspired terrorists killed 52 people in London during 2005 summit in Scotland Writers say that this year , new energized IRA groups are an underestimated threat This is not the Provo IRA of old , they say ; these are fanatical splinter groups
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has done it all in the world of golf . He has won 14 majors , topped the world rankings for a record 623 weeks in a row and enjoyed a lifestyle which the majority of people can only dream of . But it seems that the world 's top-earning sportsman once thought about giving it all up -- to join the Navy . According to a book written by the 36-year-old 's former coach Hank Haney , Woods seriously considered quitting golf to become a Navy SEAL . SEALs are the special operations arm of the U.S. Navy , so called because of their ability to operate in the sea , in the air or on land . According to Haney , Woods became infatuated with the idea of joining the specialized force . "  Tiger was seriously considering becoming a Navy SEAL , " read an excerpt from Haney 's forthcoming book on the website of Golf Digest . One of the magazine 's journalists helped write the book . "  I did n't know how he 'd go about it , but when he talked about it , it was clear he had a plan , " Haney said . "  I thought , ` Wow , here is Tiger Woods , greatest athlete on the planet , maybe the greatest athlete ever , right in the middle of his prime , basically ready to leave it all behind for a military life . ' " The book is based on the six years Haney spent as Woods ' swing coach , which ended in May 2010 after the former world No. 1 dropped out of the first round of the The Players Championship with a neck injury . Haney also revealed that in 2004 Woods went on a four-day special operations training course at Fort Bragg . "  Tiger did two tandem parachute jumps , engaged in hand-to-hand combat exercises , went on four-mile runs wearing combat boots , and did drills in a wind tunnel . Tiger loved it , but his physical therapist , Keith Kleven , went a little crazy worrying about the further damage Tiger might be doing to his left knee , " he wrote . "  One morning I was in the kitchen when he came back from a long run around Isleworth , and I noticed he was wearing Army boots . Tiger admitted that he 'd worn the heavy shoes before on the same route . ' I beat my best time , ' he said . " Woods ' agent Mark Steinberg rejected Haney 's claims as "  armchair psychology . " He suggested Haney was twisting Woods ' admiration for his late father , who was in the U.S. Army special forces . "  Because of his father , it 's no secret that Tiger has always had high respect for the military , " Steinberg said in a statement to the Orlando Sentinel . Haney also suggested Woods put pressure on himself to overhaul fellow American Jack Nicklaus ' record total of 18 wins in golf 's four major tournaments . "  He never mentioned Nicklaus ' record , but it started to weigh more heavily at every major , " read another excerpt from "  The Big Miss. " "  And Tiger 's actions indicated he believed he had less time to do it than everyone thought . " Woods has not won a major since the 2008 U.S. Open , and is rebuilding his career following the scandal about his extramarital affairs which led to his divorce in 2010 .	Tiger Woods ' former coach suggests the golfer wanted to become a Navy SEAL Hank Haney is releasing a book about his six years working with the 14-time major winner Haney says former world No. 1 Woods seriously considered turning his back on the sport Woods ' agent has denied the claims , saying he just admired his father 's military heritage
Editor 's note : Donna Rose is a speaker and advocate for transgender and transsexual issues . She is the author of a memoir , "  Wrapped In Blue : A Journey of Self-Discovery . " Her Web site is http://www.donnarose.com/ Donna Rose says transgender people do n't fit the stereotypes society often tries to impose . CNN  -- It was only a matter of time . The real-life drama of being transsexual has come to Hollywood . Chastity Bono , the impossibly cute little blond girl who , for many of my generation , remains frozen in time as the sweet , chubby-faced cherub closing many a Sonny and Cher show in the arms of her doting parents , recently announced that he is transsexual and will be transitioning from female to male . He will go by the name of Chaz . As shocking as this news may be to some , it is yet another reminder that all is not necessarily as it appears and that each of us is more complicated than simply the skin and bones of our bodies . Rather , it is our heart and spirit that defines us . Transgender people -- that is , people who may not experience or express their gender in ways that are necessarily typical for the physical sex of their body -- have been part of the fabric of cultures for as long as history has been recorded . We 're a cross-section of society -- pilots , engineers , doctors , factory workers , artisans and pretty much anything else you can imagine . It was only a matter of time before we came to Hollywood . Make no mistake -- Chaz is n't the first and certainly wo n't be the last . Despite what others choose to believe , transsexual people are no longer relegated to hiding in safe little shadows for fear that society will detect them and punish them . We are far more than traditional stereotypes of transpeople as hookers , drug-users , porn stars or social misfits relegated to the fringes of society . In a very real sense , transgender people are no one thing . We are everyone , everywhere . Whether you realize it or not , we go to your school , we are active in your communities of faith , we are your neighbors , your co-workers , your family members . We live in a world that tries to force all of us to conform to the expectations and roles established for our bodies at birth , yet our heart and our spirit often realize that we have been miscast in life . We are forced to ask questions of ourselves about things that few ever consider . The search for answers is indeed the pathway for overall happiness and fulfillment in life . This is a journey that each of us is on -- trans and not -- and the simple fact of the matter is that the transgender journey may appear unique , but the end goal is a universal one : Happiness . Needless to say , there are those who continue to live in a world where "  different " somehow automatically means bad , or is a threat . These are people who would keep transgender people trapped in stigmas of mental illness , moral weakness , sexual perversion and general societal freakishness . Our defense is a simple one : We prove who we are , individually and collectively , not with words but with the courage to come out and the ability to live our lives with dignity and grace . It may come as a surprise for many people in this country to recognize that many of us who are transsexual are not embarrassed , ashamed or otherwise apologetic of who or what we are . We refuse to go back into the stifling closet of trying to be something we 're not . We enjoy each and every day being unique , as men and women and everything in between , and we rejoice in our diversity rather than fear it . The ties that bind us are far more than the obvious connections of gender . They are bonds of courage , authenticity , integrity and pride . This is not a journey about surgery . It is not a journey about being "  fixed . " It 's not about the clothes . It 's not about sexuality , or hormones , or any other single thing . It is a journey of self , full of uplifting revelations and heartbreaking realizations . A major point on that journey is gaining a sense of self-awareness and self-acceptance . Chaz 's recent announcement indicates that he has reached that point and is well on his way to be who he will become . Chaz will face hurdles . It may come as a surprise to some that it is still legal to fire someone in this country , or to deny housing simply because they come out as transgender . Transgender people are victimized by crime more frequently than the general population . Many of us find ourselves unemployed and unable to be hired for jobs for which we are well qualified simply because we are transgender . And , as harsh as this life can be for us , many previous generations had it even worse . Things are changing -- slowly but surely . Why are they changing ? Because transgender people are here to stay . We 've been here all along and we 're finally acknowledging that our unique journey is part of who we are , but not ALL of who we are . Chaz is a courageous brother . He is a role model to others struggling with similar issues and questions . He is someone who has taken control of his life and intends to live it to the fullest . These are not things to fear . These are things to admire . The message here is not one of our bodies , but one of our spirits . It is not one of becoming something you 're not ; it is of accepting what you are . As French writer Andre Gide said : "  It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you 're not . " Many of us have experienced these words first-hand and know them to be true . Chaz knows who and what he is . That is not something to fear . That is something to celebrate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Rose .	Donna Rose : Chastity Bono highlights transgender presence in Hollywood Rose says transgender people are in all walks of life She says they face obstacles to expressing their real identity Rose : Transgender people accept and celebrate who they are
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- One person was killed in an anti-government protest in the Yemeni city of Aden on Wednesday , eyewitnesses reported , while human rights activists accused pro-government demonstrators of beating students after a similar protest in the capital , Sanaa . Witnesses in Aden said the victim was an 18-year-old who had been shot by security forces trying to disperse the crowd . Video distributed by student activists appeared to show the youth being carried away , bleeding heavily from his left side . But CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the video , and there was no immediate confirmation of the fatality from hospital officials . The Aden protest drew thousands of demonstrators , mostly students , to the city 's Al Mansoora district for a sixth straight day . And in Sanaa , students at Sanaa University rallied inside the gates of the campus in a demonstration organized by the head of the university 's student union , said Omar Al-Nihmi , a third-year media student at the school . The three students injured in Sanaa were attacked while on their way home from the university demonstration , human rights activist Abdul Rahman Barman said . Barman said he took one of the students to the hospital with head injuries from being hit with sticks , but the other two had only minor injuries . The students started out calling for an improved curriculum , for removal of the university dean and for security forces to remain off-campus . But about 90 minutes into the event , the mood turned anti-government , said third-year student Salah Al-Janadi . More students showed up , both Al-Nihmi and Al-Janadi said , and the protesters began chanting anti-government slogans such as "  The people want the fall of the regime " and "  Oh Ali , son of Saleh , your regime is no good . " They also chanted , "  Our protests are peaceful and we do n't have weapons . " Shortly afterward , hundreds of pro-government demonstrators turned up -- but they were outside the university gates , while the students were inside . The pro-government demonstrators began throwing rocks , Al-Janadi said . Al-Janadi said he was told by the protest organizers "  that because today 's protest was a student union protest at the university , security forces at the scene would not interfere . " Hundreds of police were on the scene as well . They did not interfere with protesters , Al-Janadi said , but fired bullets into the air , successfully dispersing the crowds . It was at least the sixth day that scuffles had broken out between pro- and anti-government protesters in Yemen , amid unrest and anti-government demonstrations in other Middle Eastern countries . Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been in power for 32 years and has pledged not to run for re-election when his current term ends in 2013 . Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : Hospital officials give no immediate confirmation that a demonstrator is killed in Aden Three Sanaa University students were hurt after a protest there Yemen has seen six days of clashes between pro- and anti-government crowds
CNN  Get ready for the conspiracy theories if "  American Sniper " does n't snag the Academy Award for best picture on Sunday . Vanity Fair recently gathered a panel of movie experts in Hollywood to chat about the Oscars , and Fandango 's Dave Karger offered a theory as to why the critically acclaimed film may not win . "  The reason why ` American Sniper ' is not going to win is because of the plastic baby , " Karger said , probably jokingly . The Clint Eastwood-directed film is based on the autobiography of Chris Kyle , a Navy SEAL who had more documented kills than any other U.S. sniper since statistics have been gathered . Kyle was killed by an acquaintance in 2013 . In the scene Karger refrenced , Chris and Taya Kyle  Bradley Cooper , who is up for the best actor Oscar , and Sienna Miller  are having a conversation in their new baby 's room . The baby is pretty obviously not real . The film 's screenwriter , Jason Hall , tweeted in December that "  real baby # 1 showed up with a fever . Real baby # 2 was no show .  Clint voice  Gim me the doll , kid . " That tweet has since been removed . The fake baby caused a social media stir and , of course , has its own Twitter account .	One critic joked that the film wo n't win an Oscar because of its fake baby The screenwriter tweeted that the original baby got sick The fake baby even has a Twitter account
Falls Church , Virginia  CNN  -- It 's a Tuesday night at Nell and Matt Dillard 's suburban Washington home , and the family of four is watching "  Glee , " a scripted Fox television program . Ninety seconds into the comedy , one of the teenage female characters makes mention of Asian men and their sexual prowess . Nell Dillard immediately looks over at her 13 - and 11-year-old boys watching next to her , but she sees no immediate reaction they have gotten the veiled sexually suggestive "  joke . " "  What 's up with that , " says father Matt Dillard , shaking his head at what he 's just heard . "  Why throw that in this show ? " Such are challenges many families face when trying to control the video material their children receive from a range of content providers : TV , radio , Internet , mobile devices , and interactive video games . Now the Supreme Court is poised to take a fresh look at a key aspect of multimedia regulation -- "  indecent " material aired on the broadcast networks during the supposedly "  family friendly " prime-time hours of 8 to 10 p.m. Oral arguments in this key free-speech dispute will be held Tuesday . At issue is whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "  fleeting expletives " and scenes of nudity on prime-time television programs , both live and scripted . The agency had imposed hefty fines on broadcasters for separate incidents . An expected ruling by summer could establish important First Amendment guidelines over expressive content on the airwaves . A range of competing interests are at stake : Free speech versus censorship ; regulation versus responsibility ; art versus indecency . For the Dillards , the specific questions raised by this appeal are just the tip of digital iceberg . "  It 's not  like  when we were kids , when there was three networks and PBS , " Matt Dillard told CNN one recent evening . "  We 've had to do the controlling over anything coming over a screen -- a TV screen , computer screen , telephone screen -- anything where there is video content or streaming . We lump all that together . ... "  It feels like the Wild West out there , where there is no rating system . We 're not asking for a clampdown on free speech . They  media  have every right to that . We 're just looking for the tools to help us make the best decisions for our kids . " The Case ABC , CBS , NBC and Fox are all parties in the case challenging the FCC regulations . A federal appeals court in 2010 for a second time struck down the government 's policies , concluding they were vague and inconsistently applied . Pending fines against the broadcasters were dismissed . The government then appealed to the high court . Controversial words and images have been aired in scripted and unscripted instances on all the major over-the-air networks during the past decade , when the FCC began considering a stronger , no-tolerance policy . The changes became known as the Golden Globes rule , for singer Bono 's 2003 acceptance speech at the live awards show on NBC , where he uttered the phrase "  Really , really , f -- ing brilliant . " The commission specifically cited celebrities Cher and Nicole Richie for potty-mouth language in the 2002 and 2003 Billboard Music Awards , which aired live on Fox . Richie , in an apparent scripted moment said , "  Have you ever tried to get cow s -- t out of a Prada purse ? It 's not so f -- ing simple . " The complaint against ABC involved "  NYPD Blue , " a scripted police drama , and the CBS complaint involved "  The Early Show , " a news and interview program . The high court two years ago ruled in favor of the FCC on the issue of "  fleeting expletives , " concluding federal regulators have the authority to clamp down on broadcast TV networks airing isolated cases of profanity . The court , however , refused at the time to decide whether the commission 's policy violated the First Amendment guarantee of free speech , ruling only on its enforcement power . The justices ordered the free-speech aspect to be reviewed again by a New York-based federal appeals court , which subsequently ruled in favor of the broadcasters . The nine-member bench is now ready to take a broader look at the questions presented . In fact , the government helpfully sent to each justice a DVD copy of the "  NYPD Blue " nudity scene . There has been no word on whether they have watched it . The Justice Department , in its new appeal , lumped both the expletives and nudity cases together , saying the court should decide the free speech questions as one . Explicit language is heard with greater , albeit varying , frequency on cable television , the Internet , and satellite radio , which do not use public airwaves . But the federal government is charged with responding to viewer complaints when "  indecent " language and images reach broadcast television and radio , which is subject to greater regulation . That is especially relevant during daytime and early evening hours , when larger numbers of families and younger viewers may be watching . The FCC formally reversed its policy in March 2004 to declare even a single use of an expletive could be illegal . In response , a voluntary rating system used by all television networks was revised to warn viewers when material that might be offensive will be aired . The Arguments Family rights groups say the TV networks and their cable cousins need to be sent a strong message . "  You turn on television today , and the amount of bleeps of profane words , almost sounds like a Morse code signal . There hardly are any safe harbors today , on broadcast television , for children and families , " said Tim Winter , president of the Parents Television Council , which helps families make "  informed television viewing decisions . " "  How does more shock , more f-bombs , more indecency serve the public interest , especially when they know children are watching , " he said . But the networks and their programming partners worry the FCC policies are "  chilling " their speech , forcing them to make creative compromises , for fear of sanction . "  When preparing scripts or song lyrics , they now have to concern themselves with whether something can get airplay , whether their best lines can make it on the screen . That inhibits artistic creativity , " said Andrew Jay Schwartzman , who heads the Media Access Project , a law firm representing actors , producers , writers and musicians . "  The FCC 's attempt to broaden its scope has created uncertainty , has created circumstances that force broadcasters to censor themselves needlessly and at the expense of the First Amendment . Time Warner -- the parent company of CNN -- filed a supporting amicus brief in the high court dispute two years ago . The company is part owner of the CW broadcast network and operates several cable networks . The Stakes For families like the Dillards , there are no easy answers . Nell and Matt admit they sometimes disagree on what their boys should be watching . "  He , as a typical guy , may think it 's OK -- some of the potty humor and guy humor -- that I think they do n't need to be exposed to quite yet , " Nell said about certain shows . Matt adds , "  We do have blockers in place that prevent the worst cases , but there are ways to get around that , from the kids ' perspective and by the content providers . " The couple says parental controls and program ratings are not tools that are comfortably reliable and dependable . The Dillards say they maintain ultimate responsibility , but appreciate the fact the government maintains some regulatory control over broadcasts , supplementing their own monitoring . "  It 's a business and they  broadcast networks  want advertisers and viewers . They have these cable stations they 're competing with , so I think they 're are going to push it as far as they can , " Nell said . "  If you expect a show is going to be rated TV-14 , you want to know there is an institution standing there to make sure the network will provide that kind of show , and if they do n't , then the FCC can come in and do what they do . " But , she admits , "  It 's hard for us sometimes , and you find you 're sort of giving in a little bit with each time you let them  the children  watch something a little different . " The case is Federal Communications Commission v. Fox Television Stations Inc.  10-1293  .	Parents face more challenges when trying to control what children see on TV The Supreme Court is poised to look at "  indecent " material aired from 8 to 10 p.m. Among the issues : Free speech versus censorship ; art versus indecency
Portland , Oregon , is so quirky that locals just take it for granted . For those still operating under a normal paradigm , here are five things you will find only in Portland : A doughnut shop where you can get married . It was a sad day in Portland when its longtime 24-Hour Church of Elvis , a roving storefront art installation dispensing marriage licenses and 25-cent pop culture trinkets , closed this summer . Luckily , Voodoo Doughnut was there to fill in the gap . This cash-only , 24/7 doughnut shop performs about 400 legal weddings a year . It was started in 2003 by Tres Shannon , a flamboyant one-time mayoral candidate , and Kenneth "  Cat Daddy " Pogson to feed the hangover crowd . The FDA eventually put the kibosh on the Nyquil , Robitussin and Pepto-Bismo doughnuts , but their signature voodoo doughnut lives on . It 's shaped like a gingerbread man and comes with a pretzel stick in the belly for stabbing and drawing blood , er , raspberry jelly . As for weddings , which come with coffee and doughnuts for up to 60 guests , Pogson says his favorite involved a groom in a psychedelic suit who brought his mother in an urn . An ice cream counter that tops sundaes with worms . At the Freakybuttrue Peculiarium , an art gallery , novelty shop and cafÃ © in Portland 's Alphabet District , you can pick up everything from zombie slippers and fake dog poop to plastic eyeballs to float in your gin and tonics . Lots of people show up just to pet Bigfoot  he 's 10 feet tall , so you need a ladder  , leave a message in the neon graffiti room or perform an autopsy on a life-size space alien . Daring sorts belly up to the ice cream counter for sundaes , hot dogs and other treats sprinkled with real bug larvae . Tempting as it is to think "  Sparky , " the on-display ventriloquist-murdering dummy , is the mastermind behind this house of terror , it was actually started by filmmaker Mike Wellins and two friends . A museum where vacuum cleaners are out of the closet . Stark 's Vacuum Cleaner Museum -- where you wo n't find crumbs , cobwebs or a single dust bunny -- will sweep you off your feet . More than 100 vintage vacuums from the late 1800s up to the 1960s are on display in a 10-foot-by-40-foot wing of Stark 's Vacuums in downtown Portland . Other than during the summer of 2012 , when the Vacuum Cleaner Collectors Club convened at this Smithsonian of Sucking Machines , the little museum averages about a dozen visitors a month who come to ogle rare pre-electricity hand-pumped vacs , a cardboard model from the penny-pinching 1930s , an Electrolux on runners and a Duntley Pneumatic that attaches to the ceiling . Needless to say , the museum 's carpet is spotless . A city park that can fit only one person at a time . Mill Ends Park , the world 's smallest , is a 2-foot circle and , according to legend , houses the only leprechaun colony west of Ireland . It was dedicated on St. Patrick 's Day 1948 after the light pole for which it was intended never appeared . Instead , newspaper columnist Dick Fagan planted flowers , and Patrick O'Toole , the colony 's so-called head leprechaun , approved , at various times , such park installations as a swimming pool for butterflies . It even had a diving board and a miniature Ferris wheel . Costumed adults who ride bikes with banana seats down a 710-foot hill . Not only does Portland have the highest number of bike commuters it the U.S. , it has a club of self-described anarchist Zoobombers . Every Sunday night for 10 years , they 've picked out a bike from a jumbled pile of customized kiddie bikes near Powell 's Books , loaded it onto Portland 's light rail system and rode up to the Portland Zoo , where they unloaded , walked up another hill and then zoomed along a designated route through Washington Park . The weirder the costume , the funkier the bike , the better .	Portland , Oregon , has a high quirky quotient Here are just five of the city 's oddball activities Stop in at the Peculiarium or rest one foot in the tiny Mill Ends Park
Africa must shake off its romantic view of China and accept Beijing is a competitor as much as a partner and capable of the same exploitative practices as the old colonial powers , Nigeria 's central bank governor has warned . Reflecting the shifting views of a growing number of senior African officials who fear the continent 's anaemic industrial sector is being battered by cheap Chinese imports , Lamido Sanusi cautions that Africa is "  opening itself up to a new form of imperialism " . "  China takes from us primary goods and sells us manufactured ones . This was also the essence of colonialism , " he writes in the Financial Times . His remarks are among the most trenchant yet by a serving African official about the continent 's ties with the world 's second largest economy . Trade between China and Africa was worth more than $ 200bn in 2012 , 20 times what it was in 2000 when Beijing committed to a policy of accelerated engagement . It has been a period of strong growth partly thanks to Asian demand for African resources . But a boom in commodities , services and consumer spending has coincided with the relative decline of African manufacturing from 12.8 per cent to 10.5 per cent of regional GDP , according to UN figures . African leaders and the African Development Bank have recently urged governments to work with each other to ensure they maximise benefits from relations with their leading trade partner , but they have traditionally cloaked their concerns in emollient diplomatic language . In contrast Mr Sanusi has thrown down the gauntlet to Beijing . "  China is no longer a ` fellow underdeveloped economy ' , " he writes . "  China is the second biggest economy in the world , an economic giant capable of the same forms of exploitation as the west . China is a major contributor to the de-industrialisation of Africa and thus African underdevelopment . " An experienced private sector banker , Mr Sanusi is credited with cleaning up Nigeria 's banking system after a crash that wiped out 60 per cent of bank capital in 2009 . He has also given Nigeria 's central bank a more activist role , providing concessional refinancing to banks exposed to manufacturers and small and medium enterprises struggling to service high-interest , short-term loans . In his article , Mr Sanusi argues that African countries must respond to "  predatory " trade practices -- such as subsidies and currency manipulation -- that give Chinese exports an advantage . He also says the continent must build infrastructure and invest in education so that African businesses can compete for continental trade as Chinese labour costs rise . "  China is losing that advantage as its economy grows and prosperity spreads , " he writes . "  Africa must seize the moment and move manufacturing of goods consumed in Africa out of China to the African continent ... I can not recommend a divorce . However , a review of the exploitative elements in this marital contract is long overdue . " His comments come ahead of South Africa 's hosting of a summit of Bric nations later this month . South Africa , the largest economy in sub-Saharan Africa , was incorporated into the bloc of Brazil , Russia , India and China last year . South African President Jacob Zuma last week warned western companies to shed an old "  colonial " mindset when investing in Africa and to stop warning against the embrace of China . "  China is doing business in a particular way and we think we can see the benefits , " he told the Financial Times . "  But we are very , very careful , " he added , citing Africa 's experience of colonialism . Such a relationship he said must "  benefit both . And this is what we and China have been agreeing . "	Nigeria 's central bank governor warns China is a rival as much as trade partner Africa is opening itself up to new "  imperialism " , says Sanusi Trade between China and Africa worth more than $ 200 billion
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The head of Iran 's nuclear energy agency announced Saturday that the country had launched a "  serious " nuclear fusion research program , according to state-run Press TV . Ali-Akbar Salehi , the chief of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran  AEOI  , said as many as 50 scientists were participating in the research to break into alternative energy , Press TV said . The process of nuclear fusion consists of forcing hydrogen nuclei to collide at high speed and fuse together , which releases energy , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency 's  IAEA  website . The goal is to eventually develop fusion plants to generate electricity , the IAEA said , but research worldwide is still in the early stages . The agency called nuclear fusion a "  long term , sustainable , economic and safe energy source . " Salehi acknowledged the project will take time . "  It takes 20 to 30 years before this process can be commercialized but we have to use all the capacity in the country to provide the necessary speed for fusion research , " Salehi said , according to Press TV . Iran is under fire for other aspects of its nuclear program , which Tehran claims is for peaceful purposes . However , the United States and other Western nations fear Iran is attempting to develop a nuclear weapon . The United Nations has issued four rounds of sanctions against the country for not being more transparent about the goals and status of its nuclear program . Earlier this month , President Barack Obama signed into law new U.S. sanctions against Tehran that he called another step in demonstrating that "  the United States and the international community are determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons . "	A nuclear fusion research program was launched Saturday in Iran Scientists are exploring using nuclear fusion for alternative energy Iran is the target of international sanctions for other aspects of its nuclear program
New York  CNN  -- The father of the convicted would-be suicide bomber who planned to detonate explosives in New York City subways was sentenced Friday to four and half years in prison on charges that he obstructed a terrorism investigation and intentionally misled authorities . A federal judge handed Mohammed Wali Zazi , the father of Najibullah Zazi , four years for obstruction of justice and six months on charges of visa fraud , prosecutors said . He had faced the prospect of up to 40 years behind bars . The elder Zazi was found guilty in July of destroying bomb-making materials and conspiring to obstruct the federal investigation into his son 's and co-conspirators ' planned attack on the city 's subway system . Zazi 's then-attorney , Justine Harris , had argued that his client was unaware that his son was planning to blow up subway stations with bombs planted in backpacks . Najibullah Zazi pleaded guilty to planning the attacks in February 2010 . But prosecutor Andrew Goldsmith said the elder Zazi knew exactly what he was doing as he misled investigators . The assistant U.S. attorney told jurors that the father tried to cover up his son 's tracks by destroying valuable evidence , lying to FBI agents about people he knew and tipping off other suspects . "  Zazi  is not charged with being a terrorist , " Goldsmith said . "  But he lied , and that is a crime . " A relative , identified as Amanullah Zazi , has admitted to helping Najibullah get terror training in northwest Pakistan 's Waziristan region , part of a volatile tribal area on the Afghan border . He pleaded guilty to related charges and cooperated with the government . He also testified in Mohammed Wali Zazi 's trial that the elder Zazi told him FBI agents were looking for him and three other men and told him to destroy chemicals that might be part of any investigation . Najibullah Zazi told authorities that while at the terrorist training camp , he "  had discussions with al Qaeda about targets including the New York City subway system . " Those attacks were planned for September 2009 , prosecutors said .	NEW : Mohammed Wali Zazi is sentenced to 4.5 years in prison He was found guilty of obstructing investigation , misleading investigators His son , Najibullah Zazi , pleaded guilty to planning the attacks in February 2010
Athens  CNN  -- Greece 's Parliament has voted that former Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou should face criminal prosecution for allegedly wiping the names of at least three relatives from a list of more than 2,000 Greeks with Swiss bank accounts . The list of those with accounts at a Geneva branch of HSBC is known as the "  Lagarde list , " because it was given by Christine Lagarde , then France 's finance minister , to her Greek counterpart in August 2010 . However , its existence was not revealed until September 2012 . Information that the list had been misplaced , copied and altered so as to exclude certain names then started coming to light , causing a major uproar . The three charges against Papaconstantinou are breach of trust , doctoring an official document and dereliction of duty . If convicted , he faces a prison sentence . Papaconstantinou served as finance minister from October 2009 to June 2011 , and was finance minister when Greece negotiated its first international bailout . Because he is a lawmaker , Parliament has to approve the lifting of immunity before any prosecution can proceed . In a secret ballot late Monday , 220 deputies in the 300-seat Parliament voted in favor of the former minister being prosecuted for at least one charge , and 166 for all three . Seventeen deputies were absent . Addressing lawmakers before the vote , Papaconstantinou denied wrongdoing and said he was being targeted "  for one simple reason , being the finance minister who put the country in the bailout process . " A council of judges will convene , probably later this week , to decide whether Papaconstantinou should face the criminal charges outlined in Parliament . While it is not illegal to hold a Swiss bank account , and there is no evidence that anyone broke the law , suspicions are high in Greece that some of those named in the list may have opened the accounts to avoid paying taxes to the Greek state . A parliamentary committee was set up last year to look into why no investigation was carried out under either Papaconstantinou or his successor as finance minister , Evangelos Venizelos . Greek media questioned whether the failure to investigate those named for possible tax evasion might have been the result of an attempt by politicians to protect a wealthy elite . Lagarde is now the International Monetary Fund chief . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou reported in Athens and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Greek Parliament votes for ex-minister to face charges over alleged tampering The lawmakers ' vote lifts immunity from prosecution for George Papaconstantinou He 's accused of wiping names of relatives from list of Greeks who have Swiss bank accounts Questions have been raised about how the list was handled after its existence was revealed
