CNN  -- Nico Rosberg boosted his world title hopes ahead of the season finale in Abu Dhabi by holding off Mercedes teammate and championship leader Lewis Hamilton to win the Brazilian Grand Prix Sunday . His victory cuts Hamilton 's lead in the standings to 17 points , with double points on offer in the final round in a fortnight . Rosberg , who started from the front of the grid after his 10th pole of the season , maintained his advantage over Hamilton throughout , the pair finishing over 40 seconds clear of third-placed Felipe Massa . Hamilton , who had overtaken Rosberg under similar circumstances to take the checkered flag in the U.S. Grand Prix in Texas last week , was left to rue a mistake just before the second round of pit stops on lap 28 at Interlagos . Staying out an extra lap in an attempt to leapfrog Rosberg through the tire changes , he spun off and lost several seconds . Hamilton pulled back most of the deficit of over seven seconds -- but could not repeat his Austin heroics as his run over five straight victories was ended . But a second-placed finish in Abu Dhabi will ensure Hamilton repeats his 2008 title triumph with McLaren . Massa , who was given a five-second penalty for an infringement , drove a fine race in the Williams to delight his home supporters , while Jenson Button took fourth for McLaren . Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel claimed fifth ahead of the Ferrari pair of Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen . But they were all playing second fiddle to the all-conquering Mercedes duo , with Rosberg polishing his credentials with his fifth win of the season . "  I was able to attack and control the gap to Lewis in the race , " he said at the race presentations . "  It all worked out so that is great and the support has been excellent . " Hamilton admitted his error had proved key , but realizes there is all to play for in two weeks time . "  I made a big mistake in the middle of the race but otherwise the car was superb and everyone did a great job , " was the verdict of the Briton .	Nico Rosberg wins Brazil GP at Sao Paulo Holds off Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton Felipe Massa finishes third in front of home fans Title race will go down to the final round in Abu Dhabi
CNN  -- Clouds intrigued me as a boy . I was curious about what they were made of , how they got up in the sky and what it would be like to sit on one . I also thought they looked beautiful . Kids are often entranced by clouds . Unfortunately , such positive feelings rarely endure into adulthood . As we grow up , we start to moan about clouds . We consider them as metaphors for doom and gloom , describing someone who 's depressed as "  having a cloud hanging over them " and bad news in store as "  a cloud on the horizon . " Watch Gavin Pretor-Pinney 's TED Talk Clouds get a bad press . That 's why , a few years ago , I started the Cloud Appreciation Society . It exists to remind people that , far from being things to complain about , clouds are among of the most diverse , evocative , and poetic parts of nature . TED.com : Sculpting waves in wood and time It must be because they are so commonplace , so ubiquitous , so everyday , that we become blind to the beauty of clouds . We only tend to notice them when they block out the sun . So they come to represent the annoying obstructions in life , the things that get in the way . Our feelings about the weather are often articulated as if there is a battle between the sun and the clouds -- between good weather and cloudy weather . Such an opposition is , of course , just projection . The sun 's energy powers the very movement of air around our atmosphere that causes clouds to form . "  The most beautiful thing in Nature , " wrote Henry David Thoreau , "  is the sun reflected from a tearful cloud . " TED.com : Tom Shannon on anti-gravity sculpture Not only should we appreciate clouds more , we also need to understand them better . The recent fifth report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change includes one conclusion that all sides of the climate change debate can agree on . This is that the one factor contributing the greatest uncertainty in scientists ' attempts to predict future global temperatures is the clouds . They have a huge and complex effect on the flow of energy to and from our planet , sometimes reflecting away the sun 's heat , sometimes trapping in Earth 's warmth . Scientists still do n't understand enough about the formation of clouds to predict with confidence how cloud cover will be affected by changing atmospheric conditions . Without knowing that , they can neither be sure how the clouds will amplify future changes in global temperatures and nor make confident predictions about our climate in decades to come . But on the ground , in the meantime , the pleasures of cloudspotting , are all about the here and now . There is a satisfaction in learning to recognize the different types of cloud , from the fair-weather cumulus to the high , wispy cirrus , the fierce cumulonimbus storm cloud and the many other rare , unusual and fleeting cloud forms . TED.com : Nature , beauty , gratitude Finding shapes in the clouds is an aimless , carefree pastime that we adults should also do more of . The digital age conspires to make us feel busier than ever . Cloudspotting , by contrast , is an activity that legitimizes doing nothing . These days , we need excuses to do nothing . Happiness comes not from a desperate search for stimulation elsewhere but from finding what is intriguing , surprising and "  exotic " in the everyday stuff around us . You do n't need to cross the world to be amazed . You just need to step outside and look up , every now and then , as if you are seeing the sky for the first time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gavin Pretor-Pinney .	Gavin Pretor-Pinney : Clouds entrance kids , but for adults are often metaphors for gloom But he says they are one of the most diverse , evocative , poetic parts of nature . He says scientists puzzled by what clouds can tell about predicting future climate change Pretor-Pinney : In frenzied age , cloudspotting legitimately , blissfully allows us to do nothing
BLOOMINGTON , Illinois  CNN  -- On a recent chilly Illinois morning , Dimitria Alvarez sat at her kitchen table and looked through her son Devon 's baby clothes . "  He was just so happy all the time , " Alvarez remembered later with a smile . "  He was so much calmer than my girls . " Devon Mehlberg-Alvarez died at 4 months from an overdose of an ingredient in cough syrup . Devon Mehlberg-Alvarez was Alvarez 's firstborn -- and her mother 's first grandchild . When he was 4 months old , Devon got a cold . Alvarez took him to the doctor . The doctor told her to give Devon an over-the-counter infant cold and cough medicine . Alvarez followed the doctor 's directions and gave Devon the suggested amount . However , a few mornings later when the Bloomington , Illinois , mother checked on her son , something was wrong . "  I screamed , " says Alvarez , "  He was n't breathing . He was cold . " Devon was dead . Deborah Mehlberg found out her grandson was dead after returning from a weekend trip . When she pulled into her driveway , her family was standing in the front yard . Her son told her the terrible news . "  My heart fell out of my chest . I could n't believe it , " says Mehlberg . "  No one in my family ever died this way . " She needed answers . At first , investigators blamed SIDS for Devon 's death . But Mehlberg and her family were not convinced , so they pushed for more tests . "  I 'm a technical person , " says Mehlberg . "  I know that there 's a cause and effect for everything , and I knew that there was something that caused this baby to die . " A few months later , the results came back . The cause of death : Dextromethorphan intoxication . Devon 's family says they were told later that Devon 's body could not metabolize one of the key ingredients found in many infant cold and cough medicines . Over the past two years , 1,500 babies and toddlers have wound up in emergency rooms after having a bad reaction to cold medicines , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . On Thursday , the Food and Drug Administration will meet to discuss whether over-the-counter cold medicines are safe and effective in children age 6 and under . Earlier this year , the FDA completed a review that found between 1969 and the fall of 2006 there were 54 reported child deaths from decongestants and 69 from antihistamines . Most of the deaths occurred in children under 2 . Baltimore Health Commissioner Dr. Joshua Sharfstein headed the push that led to the FDA hearing . He became alarmed when four Baltimore children died after their parents gave them excessive doses of cold medicines . "  I did n't quite realize that it could potentially be a life-and-death issue , " says Sharfstein . In August , federal health officials recommended the "  consult your physician " advice to parents on the labels of cold and cough medicines aimed at young children be replaced by a warning not to use the medications in children under 2 unless directed to do so by a health care provider . Last week , in advance of the hearings , some of the leading manufacturers of cold and cough medicines announced a voluntary recall of more than a dozen cold medicines for infants . The Consumer Healthcare Products Association said the products were being pulled "  out of an abundance of caution . " Potential misuse of the medications , not product safety , is driving the voluntary withdrawal , the group said . In a written statement , the group 's president , Linda Suydam said , "  It is important to point out that these medicines are safe and effective when used as directed , and most parents are using them appropriately . " The recall "  in no way affects our taking this issue to the advisory committee meeting , " said Dr. Joel Schiffenbauer , deputy director for the FDA 's Division of Nonprescription Clinical Evaluation , Office of Nonprescription Products , Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . "  All potential actions are on the table , " he said . Sharfstein says the industry must go further . He wants the FDA to ban the use of cold and cough medicines in children under age 6 . "  There 's no evidence that they actually work , " he says . In a statement on its Web site , the American Academy of Pediatrics states "  No well-controlled scientific studies were found that support the efficacy and safety of narcotics  including codeine  or dextromethorphan as antitussives in children . Indications for their use in children have not been established . " Since Devon 's death , his grandmother has been on what she calls a "  one-woman crusade . " "  I 'm the nut that walks up to people in the grocery stores and asked them if they have ever heard of this . " says Mehlberg . From her home in a quiet Bloomington neighborhood , Mehlberg says she e-mailed comments to the FDA and will be watching what happens at the hearings closely . During a recent trip to Devon 's grave , Mehlberg received word of the voluntary recall . "  Oh thank God , " she said with tears in her eyes . "  I never want another family to go through what we have . " E-mail to a friend Jennifer Pifer is a senior producer with CNN Medical News . Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen and managing editor Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	FDA : 54 reported child deaths from decongestants between 1969 and fall 2006 69 child deaths from antihistamines in same period ; most were under 2 Hearing starts Thursday on safety , effectiveness of cough , cold meds on kids
REMOTE WEST TIMOR  CNN  -- Maria 's labored breath echoes within the walls of her family 's mud hut . Her tiny , bony hands open and close in slow claw-like motions . Baby Maria weighs just 10 pounds at 15 months due to malnutrition in West Timor . She 's 15 months old , but weighs just 10 pounds -- one of countless children under the age of 5 facing severe malnutrition in Indonesia 's West Timor . A typical infant weighs about 24 pounds at 15 months . "  Maria sleeps most of the time . Sometimes she cries but not often , " her 25-year-old mother Adolphina Fao says softly . Watch how malnutrition devastates region " Maria is fighting to live , wasting away in her remote village where aid officials say climate change has brought on a severe drought in recent years . It 's nearly impossible for residents to live off the land like they have for generations . "  It 's hard to feed her , " her mother says . "  Some are good days , some are bad . Sometimes she eats a whole plate , sometimes nothing . " As Fao speaks , she spoons glutinous rice into Maria 's tiny mouth . The baby spits out most of it . Aid officials say Maria is one example of a chronic crisis that has been worsening in West Timor , the Indonesian portion of the island of Timor that is home to about 1.5 million people . See photographs of plight in this remote area " According to a joint survey by aid groups Church World Service , Helen Keller International and CARE , more than 50 percent of children under 5 in West Timor are suffering from malnutrition . In some areas it 's as high as 70 percent -- a higher percentage than areas of Africa . Of those , nearly 1 in every 10 children suffer from acute malnutrition , meaning they are near death , according to organizers . The study also found that 61 percent of the children suffer from stunted growth . "  Stunting is the result of extended periods of inadequate food intake , poor dietary quality , increased morbidity or a combination of these factors , " the study says . "  This finding indicates that the diet has been very poor quality for a very long time . " Aid groups also warn that the situation is likely to worsen because of rising global food prices . Here , far-flung villages lie nestled in deceptively lush green landscape , with no real roads , no electricity and no running water . Barely clothed children play in the dirt . According to the survey , more than 90 percent of households do n't have enough food . Families try to farm the land , but the prolonged drought has destroyed their crops , cutting off their main food supply . That results in less food for each house , further eroding the supply of much-needed nutrition for young children . "  Nowadays the dry season is lasting longer and longer , " says Vincensius Surma , the senior program manager for Church World Service , a global humanitarian agency . "  In 2006 and 2007 , the dry season lasted for a year . " Dry riverbeds around the region are testament to his statement . Villagers have to walk for miles for water . Surma travels from remote village to remote village just to follow up on cases that his agency is treating . One of the families he revisits is Salmoun Ton 's . Two of his three children are malnourished . His eldest child has stunted growth . At 8 years old , she 's barely taller than her healthy 4-year-old sister . His youngest was severely malnourished and is still drastically underweight . Ton , a corn farmer , says that his crops are n't producing enough to sustain his family . "  It makes me sad , really sad . As a parent , I feel that I ca n't properly care for them , " Ton says . Further compounding the crisis is a lack of basic education and health care , proper sanitary habits , and inadequate aid , according to humanitarian officials . On this visit , Surma finds out that Ton sold their fresh eggs -- a major source of protein -- to buy instant noodles . He then tries to explain basic nutrition to the family . "  We 're trying to do everything that we can , but for now the results are definitely not enough , " Surma says . Aid organizations have unsuccessfully battled to bring this tragedy into the international spotlight . There are some donations coming in , but the funds and the resources simply are n't enough given the magnitude of the crisis . Organizations like Church World Service and CARE have established feeding and education centers to try to combat the crisis . The Indonesian government is also trying to address the crisis by supplying vitamin supplements to hard-hit families and other help , but aid groups say there is little cross coordination . "  We ca n't implement our mid - or long-term plan for this case because ... so many children are casualties of malnutrition in this region , " Surma says . The main fear is that unless something drastic is done now , whole generations could be lost to acute and chronic malnutrition .	Indonesia 's West Timor faces crisis : 50 percent of children malnourished Severe drought brought on by repeated drought has destroyed crops , officials say Villager : "  As a parent , I feel that I ca n't properly care for them " Aid groups say they 're seeking international help to address the issue
CNN  -- James Karl Buck helped free himself from an Egyptian jail with a one-word blog post from his cell phone . James Karl Buck sent a message using Twitter which helped get him out of an Egyptian jail . Buck , a graduate student from the University of California-Berkeley , was in Mahalla , Egypt , covering an anti-government protest when he and his translator , Mohammed Maree , were arrested April 10 . On his way to the police station , Buck took out his cell phone and sent a message to his friends and contacts using the micro-blogging site Twitter . The message only had one word . "  Arrested . " Within seconds , colleagues in the United States and his blogger-friends in Egypt -- the same ones who had taught him the tool only a week earlier -- were alerted that he was being held . Twitter is a social-networking blog site that allows users to send status updates , or "  tweets , " from cell phones , instant messaging services and Facebook in less than 140 characters . Hossam el-Hamalawy , a Cairo-based blogger at UC-Berkeley , was one of the people who got word of Buck 's arrest . "  At first I was worried about his safety , " el-Hamalawy said . Then , el-Hamalawy took to the Web and wrote regular updates in his own blog to spread the information Buck was sending by Twitter . Nobody was sure how long Buck would be able to communicate . See Buck describe what he saw and captured on film during the protests " But Buck was able to send updates every couple of hours saying he was still detained , he had spoken to the prosecutor , he still had not been charged , and he was worried about Maree . "  Usually the first thing the police go for is the detainees ' cameras and cellular phones , " el-Hamalawy said . "  I 'm surprised they left James with his phone . " Twitter is normally used to keep groups of people connected in less urgent situations . Watch how Twitter works " But Biz Stone , co-founder of Twitter , said he and others knew that the service could have wide-reaching effects early on , when the San-Francisco , California-based company used it to communicate during earthquakes . Stone said that as the service got more popular , they began to hear stories of people using Twitter during natural disasters with a focus on activism and journalism . Buck 's urgent message is proof of the value of Twitter , Stone said . Buck 's entry set off a chain of events that led to his college hiring a lawyer on his behalf . "  James ' case is particularly compelling to us because of the simplicity of his message -- one word , ` arrested ' -- and the speed with which the whole scene played out , " Stone said . "  It highlights the simplicity and value of a real-time communication network that follows you wherever you go . " Initially , the Twitter message was a precaution -- something people could trace in case anything went wrong , Buck said . "  The most important thing on my mind was to let someone know where we were so that there would be some record of it ... so we could n't -LSB- disappear -RSB- , " Buck said . "  As long as someone knew where we were , I felt like they could n't do their worst -LSB- to us -RSB- because someone , at some point , would be checking in on them . " Buck began using Twitter as a way to keep up in touch with the bloggers at the heart of his project and the events going on in Egypt that he intended to cover . Buck was working on a multimedia project on Egypt 's "  new leftists and the blogosphere " as part of his master 's degree thesis . Buck found out from a Twitter message that a planned protest against rising food prices and decreasing wages in Mahalla had been shut down by Egyptian authorities April 6 . The next day , tensions rose as family and friends of protesters who had been detained took to the streets , eventually throwing Molotov cocktails and setting tires on fire , he said . On April 10 , Buck returned to Mahalla , where protests continued . "  I was worried about getting arrested , so I made sure to stay at a distance from the protest so there was no way I could be accused of being part of it , " Buck said . "  Mohammed and I had a bad sense ; it was really tense . " When the men tried to escape , they were detained . That 's when Buck thought of Twitter and sent out his message . Buck and Maree were interrogated , released and then detained again by the same police officers . "  We are really worried that we are off the radar now , " Buck said . Eventually Buck was released , but Maree was transferred to another police station . As he left the station , Buck reached into his pocket , as he did less than 24 hours earlier . Another one-word blog entry said it all : "  Free . " As happy as he was to be free , Buck said , his biggest frustration was leaving behind the translator who helped protect him during the riots . Although the Twitter message helped him find contacts to get out of prison , he says it was more the power of the network he had as an American that enabled him to be released so quickly . "  Mohammed was sitting next to me , " he said . "  But he did n't have the network to call . I tried to use my network to shield him until they tore us apart . " Twitter may not have been able to secure Maree 's release , but Buck hopes his initial reason for using Twitter will help find his missing friend . "  It was my big hope that people would get -LSB- the message -RSB- right away and at least put a thumbtack on the map as far as our location , " Buck said . There has been no official confirmation regarding Maree 's whereabouts . Attiya Shakran , press counsel for the Egyptian Consulate in San Francisco , said Maree was released April 13 . Maree 's brother Ahmed Maree said that he had not heard from his brother and that he believes he is still in jail . Government officials in Egypt could neither confirm nor deny Maree 's release , despite repeated requests for comment . Buck is now using his story and Twitter page as a way to rally people looking for answers about Maree 's status . He 's gone as far as publishing the phone number of the press counsel of the Egyptian Consulate in San Francisco and posting a petition for Maree 's release . For Buck , the main story is no longer about his quest for freedom from jail ; it 's a quest to find answers and , eventually , find his friend . E-mail to a friend CNN Cairo 's Housam Ahmed and Aneesh Raman contributed to this report .	Student James Karl Buck sent one-word text from detention about his arrest Twitter message allowed college to get word , hire a lawyer for him Now Buck 's quest is to find translator Mohammed Maree , who was arrested with him Twitter is a micro-blogging tool that allows users to update their status
CNN  -- Access to affordable and high quality higher education should be a universal right . A free and prosperous society needs an educated citizenry to innovate and thrive . Today in America , we 're a long way from that goal . Unfortunately , the highly touted plan from Starbucks to provide increased tuition assistance does n't really help -- and might hurt . On Monday , Starbucks announced that it would help cover much of the cost of two years of education at Arizona State University Online for its employees . The rhetoric , driven by Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz , has been lofty . On "  The Daily Show , " he said , "  Today we will become the first U.S. company to provide free college tuition for all our employees . " The crowd went wild . On CNN , Schultz and Dr. Michael Crow , president of ASU , positioned it as a way to attack the national student debt crisis . Crow said , "  Can it tackle these national issues ? The answer is absolutely yes . " Secretary of Education Arne Duncan attended the announcement of the plan and said , "  Think of the example you can set for the rest of the nation , " Duncan said . "  If you guys can do this well ... you 're going to change the trajectory of the entire country . " Schultz , Crow , and Duncan seem to believe they are on the cusp of a new education revolution , disrupting their way to a better American higher-ed landscape . In fact , it would be a terrible thing for education to become another employer-dependent benefit . This new program may help some Starbucks employees by providing access to online classes , but it will do nothing to attack structural problems such as the national student debt crisis or skyrocketing tuition rates  1,200 % in 30 years !  . Rather , the need for such a benefit is a confirmation that the system is broken . First of all , the Starbucks plan does not really "  provide free college tuition " for every employee . What it does is offer reimbursement for a certain number of credits completed at ASU Online . Most large employers , in fact , offer various kinds of tuition reimbursement , but the scale and specific relationship between Starbucks and ASU is unusual , especially because ASU is absorbing considerable upfront costs by discounting its tuition . Starbucks is , of course , a for-profit company . ASU Online , meanwhile , functions as a profitable educational institution nestled within a large public university . Therefore , the new policy needs to be viewed not as a public service , but as a deal struck between two companies interested in their image and profit margins . Starbucks is gaining lots of great PR from the roll out of the policy . It also will likely improve employee morale and actually help some of them get educations . ASU , in the meantime , gets access to potentially thousands of new students it does not have to recruit , all of whom will eventually bring additional revenue to the university through student loans , federal grants and Starbucks . So long as Starbucks employees get good advice both from within the benefits office and access to good college advising , I think it 's a net positive for both institutions and the employees . The margin , though , is slim . Sara Goldrick-Rab , professor of educational policy studies and sociology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison , argues that wholly online education is of questionable value for low-income students . This is especially a problem when such students are required to pay for those first 21 credits before they qualify for reimbursement . Moreover , most of the money here is coming from the government and loans , not Starbucks . As Tressie McMillan Cottom , writer and sociologist , notes , the use of public funds to support online for-profit education has a long and shady history . None of these concerns has stopped the Starbucks PR team from trumpeting their great accomplishment . In one telling moment , Schultz compared the tuition benefit to Starbucks ' decision to give health care to its workers . That 's a comparison worth exploring . The development of health care as an employee benefit rather than a universal right has been a disaster for America , leading to high costs and poor results . Yes , the employees are much better off with health care than without , much as some workers will benefit from the new tuition policy . But if making college affordable becomes a job perk , rather than a societal goal , we 're collectively worse off . Instead , would n't it be great if employees could just pay for college with their wages , rather than needing a special , highly restrictive , benefit ? We can rescue higher education in America from its current cost spiral , and we should , by acting at the national level . We need to change the structure of how we pay for college , a process that will take hard work across party lines . Unfortunately , last week a bill that would have radically reduced student loan interest rates for everyone stalled in the Senate . And so , while we wait for the government to act , we 're stuck relying on Starbucks .	David Perry : Starbucks launches college program for its employees He says the plan is n't the answer to the rising cost of college Perry says we ca n't let college education become a job perk , as health care did There are pluses to the Starbucks plan , but it 's not a model for the nation , Perry says
CNN  -- One female fan on Twitter said "  Off the Wall " was the first cassette tape she owned . "  I have it on CD now and still listen to it , " she said . Many people found out about Michael Jackson 's death through Web sites like Twitter and Facebook . "  I saw the Victory Tour at Dodger Stadium in 1984 , " posted a man on his Facebook status update . "  Anybody else ? " And on CNN 's iReport.com , a tearful Melissa Fazli of Yorba Linda , California , posted an emotional video . "  I grew up with Michael Jackson , " she said , choking back tears . "  This is just a very sad day . " From Facebook to Flickr , Twitter to YouTube , stunned and saddened fans came together across the vast online universe to share their memories of the iconic pop star , who died Thursday afternoon in Los Angeles . By Thursday evening , 9 of the 10 top trending topics on micro-blogging site Twitter were about Michael Jackson . Because traditional media outlets were slow to confirm the news of Jackson 's death , many people appeared to find out through messages on social-networking sites . Some of those linked to celebrity gossip site TMZ.com , which was among the first to report the news . "  Damn ... it 's official , " posted one Twitter user , shortly after the news of Jackson 's death was confirmed . "  RIP to the BIGGEST star the world has EVER seen . " Another woman vowed in a tweet never to change her cell phone 's ringtone , which was set to "  P.Y.T  Pretty Young Thing  , " a hit from Jackson 's classic "  Thriller " album . Sony BMG , Jackson 's music label , removed from its Web site a list of dates for the singer 's European tour , which was to kick off next month in London . Within minutes , Jackson 's Wikipedia page had been updated to reflect his death , with biographical information changed to the past tense . On Flickr , fans posted images from all phases of Jackson 's career , from his child-star , large-Afro days to moody publicity shots to dramatic photos of a costumed , windblown Jackson in concert . While most fans celebrated Jackson 's buoyant music and dynamic stage presence , others viewed him as a tragic figure with an increasingly bizarre public image who , in his later years , battled child molestation charges and mounting debt . One grieving fan posted an image on Flickr of herself , head in hands . "  He was ... amazing . And had amazing songs . : What 's so weird is that I was singing his songs today before I found out about this , " she wrote . "  At least he 'll be safe now . Away from all the troubles and stuff . : " On Twitter and other sites , several online mourners posted "  Never Can Say Goodbye , " echoing the title of one of the Jackson 5 's early hits . Another fan quoted from Jackson 's "  Man in the Mirror , " saying , "  If you want to make the world a better place , take a look at yourself , then make a change . " The swirling news may have overwhelmed Facebook , which was inaccessible at times Thursday evening . When the site was viewable , people filled their status updates with Jackson memories , lyrics and links to his videos . Others remarked on the coincidence of two pop icons , Jackson and Farrah Fawcett , dying within hours of each other . "  Johnny -LSB- Carson -RSB- is going to have a great show in heaven tonight , " wrote a Los Angeles man on Facebook . Ed -LSB- McMahon -RSB- 's back , and he 's got two great new guests . "	Stunned fans came together across the Web to share memories of Michael Jackson Thursday evening , 9 of the 10 top trending topics on Twitter were about Jackson Many people appeared to find out about his death through social-networking sites Sony BMG removes a calendar for the singer 's concert tour from Jackson 's Web site
CNN  -- A former University of Virginia lacrosse player convicted of killing his ex-girlfriend was sentenced to 23 years in prison on Thursday , according to the Commonwealth Attorney 's office in Charlottesville , Virginia . In February , a Charlottesville jury found George Huguely , 24 , guilty of second-degree murder and grand larceny in the May 2010 death of Yeardley Love . Circuit Court Judge Edward Hogshire sentenced Huguely to 23 years for murder and to one year , concurrent with that sentence , for the larceny charge . He also sentenced Huguely to three years of supervised release . The judge 's decision was slightly less than the recommendation of the jury , which had suggested the defendant be sentenced to 26 years in prison . Virginia does not have parole . Huguely may earn time for good behavior during his incarceration , but the maximum credit he can receive is 15 % . In other words , he must serve at least 85 % of his sentence , or roughly 19Â 1/2 years . "  We love George and will always support him , " Huguely 's family said in a statement soon after sentencing . "  We hope and pray that the passage of time will bring some semblance of peace and healing to each and everyone who has been affected by this tragedy , most especially the Love family . " The case captured national attention and highlighted the volatile relationship of star athletes Huguely and Love , 22 . Both played lacrosse for the university 's nationally ranked teams . The jury did not agree with the prosecution that Huguely was guilty of first-degree murder , and it acquitted him on several other charges , including robbery , and breaking and entering to commit larceny . Huguely has never denied he was in Love 's apartment nor that they had a fight . At the center of the case were dueling portraits of Huguely , who prosecutors contend killed Love in a jealous rage . The defense argued the death was accidental . Prosecutors claimed Huguely followed through with a threat to kill Love after accusing her of having a liaison with a lacrosse player from a competing university . "  I should have killed you , " he wrote in an e-mail to Love , which was read during the trial . The defense argued that Huguely contributed to her death but had no intention of killing her . During the trial , Huguely attorney Francis Lawrence described his client as "  stupid , drunk -- but not calculating . " Police were initially called to Love 's Charlottesville apartment by a roommate who reported a possible alcohol overdose , authorities said at the time . A medical examiner found Love died of blunt force trauma to the head . The prosecution told jurors that Love 's death was slow and painful , claiming she could have remained alive for a couple of hours after Huguely left her apartment . Inside an emotionally charged courtroom , Huguely hung his head and appeared to cry during the sentencing phase that followed the jury 's verdict . "  George 's decision and judgment were clouded by drinking , immaturity , " attorney Rhonda Quagliana told the jurors . "  It 's not an excuse . It 's not a justification . It 's just a fact ...  at the time  George is a 22-year-old immersed in sex and alcohol . " In Session 's Jessica Thill , Michael Christian , Jean Casarez and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	A judge also sentences George Huguely to three years ' probation A jury convicted Huguely in the death of his ex-girlfriend , Yeardley Love A panel recommended he be sentenced to 26 years in prison
CNN  -- An uproar over treatment delays at the Department of Veterans Affairs is triggering a heated debate over whether it is too difficult to fire federal workers , with the House approving legislation on Wednesday that would make it easier to remove senior executives at the agency . The Department of Veterans Affairs Management Accountability Act , sponsored by House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller , R-Florida , and passed overwhelmingly , would let the agency secretary immediately fire any of the department 's senior executives . Currently , those executives get at least 30 days ' notice of potential dismissal and an option to invoke a potentially lengthy appeals process before losing their jobs . For months , Miller has argued that the VA is too reluctant to fire executives , especially those connected to delays in veterans care . The agency is engulfed by a growing controversy over allegations it covered up excessive wait times for veterans at some VA health care facilities . President Barack Obama is resisting calls from some quarters to fire Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki . He said on Wednesday that he needed more time to review what was going on and promised accountability . How many has the VA fired ? An argument for change Miller 's proposal is a strong statement , but it would affect a relatively small group of federal workers . There are roughly 360 senior executives at Veterans Affairs , according to the Office of Personnel Management . There are 340,000 total employees . But the more important figure to look at may be the number of execs fired recently . CNN analysis of OPM data found the VA fired two senior executives last year . And that was much higher than usual . During the four years from 2008-2012 , only one other senior executive was terminated for cause from the agency , according to the personnel data . The VA 's executive firing rate last year was in line with the 0.47 % termination-for-cause rate of the federal government overall , according to the OPM statistics . But , the trend over the past five years shows a substantial difference at the VA. . From 2008-2013 , the VA fired executives at a rate one-fourth the firing rate for government overall , according to the OPM data . And even last year , when the VA was in line with the rest of the federal government on firing , critics still see that as a significant problem because the rates of termination in the federal government are substantially lower than in the private sector . The 0.47 % federal rate is roughly a third of that for the private sector , according to the latest Bureau of Labor Statistics data . "  I actually think the federal workforce would be better off with more firing or at least as much as in the private sector , " argued Chris Edwards of the libertarian Cato Institute . "  The good workers get disheartened and demoralized if they see these non-performing workers making as much as them and they 're not doing their job . " The danger of politics , an argument for workers But just as some conservatives cry for removing red tape and speeding up the firing process for government executives , others insist the idea could easily harm good employees at the VA. . "  What happens is the politics get ahead of the facts , " said Joe Kaplan , an attorney who has worked on federal workers ' cases for more than 30 years . Kaplan believes the need for potential scapegoats in a crisis could easily lead to abuse under Miller 's bill . For example , he told the story of an IRS employee who came to his office saying others at the agency had suggested she could be fired and were pressuring her to over a recent high-profile congressional investigation of IRS targeting of conservative political groups . Kaplan looked at her case , saw no evidence of wrong doing and advised her to stay put . She did , and was not fired . "  For political reasons , things can get blown out of proportion easily , " Kaplan concluded . "  And is it good that private employers can fire people without any cause ? We should want the federal government to be a model employer . " Others argue something more : that allowing a political appointee , like a Cabinet secretary , to fire people at will could threaten American-style democracy . That it could invite patronage and corruption , something that was in full bloom until President Chester Arthur signed the first civil service reform act in 1883 . "  It 's really important in a political system to maintain a third party review of personnel actions , " said Max Stier , president of the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service which focuses on strengthening civil service . "  The operations of government need to be different in some ways than they are in the private sector . We do n't want a government that is staffed according to political persuasion , " he said . Stier believes the system needs to change , that there may be too much red tape . But he argues that Congress needs to revamp the entire , outdated federal personnel policy for the government , not just make a sudden change at the VA. . "  It 's the whole system that needs to be reviewed , " he asserted . Why the change at the VA ? Why now ? Miller insists that as it is now , the VA is not a meritocracy . That instead , poor performers who oversee failing areas , may be rewarded with bonuses . "  In instance after instance where mismanagement has led to veteran suffering , department officials have repeatedly pointed to non-disciplinary actions such as employee retirements and transfers or bureaucratic slaps on the wrist , " said Miller when he introduced his bill in March . He called those actions "  a disingenuous attempt to create the appearance of accountability . " Secretary wo n't quit Shinseki has not publicly commented on whether he would like more power to fire executives . Now that the House has acted , the matter moves over to the Senate where Florida 's Marco Rubio has introduced a companion bill . It 's not clear if it will be considered . But for now , Shinseki has no plans to fire himself , saying he is n't resigning . Nor has he said if he is in the process of firing any VA employees as a result of the scandal . Some , including the head of the Phoenix branch where problems were first discovered , have been suspended . Did he say anything in his testimony why he could n't ? Senators asked the agency leader directly at a hearing last week on the scandal . "  Have you ever fired anyone on this issue ? " Sen. Mark Begich , D-Alaska , questioned Shinseki . Shinseki replied that he needed to look through the agencies records to check . But would he fire someone because of the scandal ? "  I will do everything I can , " Shinseki demurred . "  That 's not the question , " replied Begich . "  There is a process here , " Shinseki summarize , "  let me not get out ahead of it . " Obama management style under fire again with VA	NEW : House approves a bill that would make it easier to remove executives at Veterans Affairs Rep. Jeff Miller says the VA is too reluctant to fire executives at center of care controversy President Barack Obama promises to get to the bottom of it and hold people accountable The agency is under fire for treatment delays and allegations of a coverup
Under court order , the Justice Department turned over nearly 65,000 pages of documents Monday night pertaining to the botched Fast and Furious gun operation . For years , these documents have been at the center of a dispute between the Obama administration and congressional Republicans , who demanded the documents back in 2011 as part of the investigation into the case . The documents were previously withheld under the administration 's claim of executive privilege . They portray the behind-the-scenes effort at the Justice Department to respond to the beginnings of the scandal over a flawed operation run by agents from Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and prosecutors in the Phoenix U.S. Attorney 's Office . Suspected gun traffickers were allowed to buy thousands of weapons , many of which turned up at violent drug cartel crime scenes in the United States and Mexico . The operation was exposed when a U.S. border agent was killed in a shootout near the Arizona-Mexico border and two firearms tied to Fast and Furious suspects were recovered at the scene . Want to know more about Fast and Furious ? Get the fast facts At first , the Justice Department incorrectly said that the ATF always tried to stop weapons from being trafficked . After months of revelations from whistleblowers , the Justice Department acknowledged the scope of Fast and Furious , and the scandal badly damaged Attorney General Eric Holder 's standing . He became the first sitting Cabinet member to be held in contempt of Congress . Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , chairman of the House Oversight and Government Affairs Committee , said the documents turned over do n't satisfy a lawsuit he spearheaded seeking materials . Issa said in a statement : "  When Eric Holder wants to know why he was the first Attorney General held in criminal contempt of Congress , he can read the judge 's order that compelled the production of 64,280 pages that he and President Obama illegitimately and illegally withheld from Congress . "  Since these pages still do not represent the entire universe of the documents the House of Representatives is seeking related to the Justice Department 's cover-up of the botched gun-walking scandal that contributed to the death of a Border Patrol agent , our court case will continue . "  I am deeply concerned that some redactions to these documents may still be inappropriate and contrary to the judge 's order in the case . This production is nonetheless a victory for the legislative branch , a victory for transparency , and a victory for efforts to check executive branch power . "  As the production is extensive and may contain sensitive information , our investigative staff will be carefully examining the documents . " The documents were n't publicly released . But CNN reviewed a handful of the documents , which portray Holder frustrated as he tries to manage a controversy spiraling out of his control . In one April 2011 email exchange , he cautions aides against moving too forcefully to help block an Issa subpoena of a gun dealer who was helping law enforcement in an investigation . Holder lashed out : "  Issa and his idiot cronies never gave a damn about this when all that was happening was that thousands of Mexicans were being killed with guns from our country . All they want to do -- in reality -- is cripple ATF and suck up to the gun lobby . Politics at its worst . " The remark was a harbinger of a worsening relationship between Holder and Issa , which became public in bitter confrontations during congressional hearings . Brian Fallon , a Justice Department spokesman , said , "  We have long been willing to provide many of these materials voluntarily in order to resolve this matter outside of court , and believe that producing them now should bring us a big step closer to concluding this litigation once and for all . " The official said the documents provided Monday do n't contradict what the Justice Department has said about the Fast and Furious operation and support an inspector general 's finding that Holder did n't know about Fast and Furious before the controversy erupted .	Justice Department turned over nearly 65,000 pages of documents on Fast and Furious That 's the botched ATF operation that was to track illegal gun sales to Mexican cartels Republicans have been seeking these documents since 2011 Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , says he 's not satisfied with what 's been turned over
CNN  -- "  12 Years a Slave " and "  American Hustle " are on top of the Globes . The two films took home the top prizes at the 2014 Golden Globes Sunday night , winning best motion picture drama  "  12 Years "  and best comedy or musical motion picture  "  Hustle "  . The wins thrust the two films into the top positions for the Academy Awards ' best picture honor . The Globes are often seen as an Oscar forecaster . Another film , the space thriller "  Gravity , " also earned an edge , winning best director for Alfonso Cuaron at the Hollywood Foreign Press Association 's annual shindig . Short on time ? Quick-read list of the winners "  This is for the hundreds of people who made this film possible , and because of my thick accent , they end up doing what they thought I said , not what I said , " the Mexican director said to laughs . The Globes tended to spread the wealth this year . "  Hustle , " based loosely on the Abscam scandal of the late '70s , was the big winner among films , earning two acting honors -- Amy Adams ' best actress  comedy or musical  prize and Jennifer Lawrence 's best supporting actress trophy -- in addition to the film award . "  12 Years , " based on a 19th-century slave narrative , won just the drama honor . "  Dallas Buyers Club " won two acting honors for motion pictures : Jared Leto 's supporting actor prize and -- in a shocker -- Matthew McConaughey 's nod for best actor in a drama . Cate Blanchett won the Globe for best actress in a drama  motion picture  for her performance in "  Blue Jasmine . " She and Adams are now the front-runners for best actress . Leonardo DiCaprio won best actor in a musical or comedy film for his performance in "  The Wolf of Wall Street . " A number of Twitter users were n't happy with the lack of diversity among the winners . Using the hashtag #notbuyingit , they sounded off : "  Winners : white men . Losers : everybody else , " wrote In This Together . 5 things we learned from the 2014 Golden Globes Shockers and surprises The 71st Annual Globes had its share of shockers , perhaps none bigger than the two awards won by the freshman comedy "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine " for best TV series comedy or musical . Star Andy Samberg also won a Globe for his acting in the show . "  Oh no ! I did n't prepare anything ! " he said in genuine surprise . He proceeded to thank "  everyone , " including , with a smirk , "  everyone on my team . " But the Globes are known for their unexpected flourishes . After all , the awards do feature an open bar , and the attitude is often much looser in front of the 100 or so members of the HFPA  and the TV audience  than the august Oscar bigwigs at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences . Ronan Farrow disses estranged dad Woody Allen 's Golden Globes tribute Indeed , there were plenty of other talked-about moments : -- Diane Keaton finished her presentation of the Cecil B. DeMille Award to Woody Allen by singing a Girl Scout song in a childlike voice . -- A Teleprompter malfunction led to presenters Jonah Hill and Margot Robbie reading their lines off a piece of paper . -- Jacqueline Bisset , who won best supporting actress in a TV series , miniseries or TV movie for her performance in Starz 's "  Dancing on the Edge , " seemed breathless as she accepted the honor , staring at the camera for long seconds . At one point , she tried to put a hold on her emotions by giving herself a pep talk ; at another point , she apparently uttered an obscenity . Backstage , Bisset expanded on her remark that forgiving people is "  the best beauty treatment . " "  I think if you get bitter you 're really in trouble and it does n't progress anything , " she said . -- Jennifer Lawrence , who won the first award of the evening , was nervous on stage and just as plain-speaking backstage . Asked how she would celebrate , she responded , "  I need to catch up on my drinking . " -- And "  Breaking Bad 's " Bryan Cranston , who played the show 's meth-mogul protagonist , celebrated two victories -- his and the show 's  for best TV series drama  , by telling the press he had an interesting night in store . He would , he joked , do some wife-swapping . Best moments and GIFs from the Golden Globes Amy 'n' Tina Hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler started the show by picking up where they left off last year . The pair immediately launched into jokes about the snubbed "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler , " Matt Damon and "  Gravity , " which was about how "  George Clooney would rather float into space and die than spend another minute with a woman close to his own age . " They were particularly sharp about the often marginalized view of women in Hollywood : Matthew McConaughey losing 45 pounds for "  Dallas Buyers Club , " or "  what actresses call ` being in a movie ' " ; Meryl Streep 's nomination meaning there are still great roles for "  Meryl Streeps over 60 . " Tina Fey and Amy Poehler through the years Streep was already in the record books . She was nominated for best actress in a comedy or musical for her performance in "  August : Osage County , " her 28th nomination . She 's won eight times , also a record . Poehler had a better night than Streep . She won her first Globe , for best actress in a comedy or musical TV series , and was hilariously nervous as she accepted . "  I never win these things ! " she exclaimed . Before the show , celebrities made their way down the red carpet at the Beverly Hilton in their finest finery -- dodging some stains left by a sprinkler malfunction . Among the fashion highlights : A revealing Amy Adams  a low-cut gown reminiscent of her outfits in "  American Hustle "  and Lupita Nyong ' o of "  12 Years a Slave . " Asked whether she felt pressure about choosing a dress , Nyong ' o shook her head . "  I only wear things that speak to me , " she said . E! apologizes for Michael J. Fox ` Fun Fact ' during Golden Globes	NEW : "  12 Years a Slave " and "  American Hustle " win the big prizes NEW : Matthew McConaughey wins best actor in a drama -- motion picture "  Gravity 's " Alfonso Cuaron wins best director Amy Adams and "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine " also win
Atlanta  CNN  From bad to worse . The boyfriend of Bobbi Kristina Brown , who is fighting for her life at an Atlanta hospital , unleashed against her family Monday on Twitter , defending his actions and accusing her father of wanting her money . Brown is the daughter of R&B singer Bobby Brown and the late star Whitney Houston . "  Bobby seen his daughter 4 times in the last 5 yrs , " Nick Gordon tweeted . "  Now him and his family want Whitneys $ $ $ . " Gordon has said he 's been prevented from visiting Brown in the hospital -- an accusation her father has denied . "  Let me be very clear , Mr. Gordon was offered an opportunity to potentially visit Bobbi Kristina and he declined to meet the terms of any possible visit , " Bobby Brown said in a statement through his lawyers . "  Obviously Mr. Gordon is not as desperate to visit Bobbi Kristina as he wants the world to believe . " The statement did not specify what the terms were . Without specifying the details of those terms , Gordon 's lawyers said they advised him against meeting them , "  particularly in light of Mr. Brown 's inability to guarantee access . " "  In an effort to do all he can to visit , Nick has repeatedly offered to meet with Mr. Brown privately to discuss his request in person , rather than through lawyers , " lawyers Randall M. Kessler and Joe S. Habachy said in a statement . "  Those offers have also been rejected . We hope Mr. Brown has a change of heart . " Bobby Brown 's attorney responded with another statement , saying Gordon has yet to tell Brown in writing what happened to his daughter . Bobbi Kristina Brown , 21 , remains in a medically induced coma at Emory University Hosital more than three weeks after she was found unresponsive in a bathtub . Police have said they 're treating her case as a criminal investigation after she was found on January 31 at her home in Roswell , Georgia . The extent of her injuries is not known . Her mother , who died in 2012 , was similarly found in a bathtub . A coroner ruled Houston 's death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Brown is her only child . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Bobbi Kristina Brown , 21 , remains in a medically induced coma She was found unresponsive in a bathtub at her home in Roswell , Georgia
CNN  -- Film director Feng Xiaogang may have made China 's biggest box office hit , the disaster movie , "  Aftershock " , but he built his reputation in comedies , comparing himself to American director , Woody Allen . "  I was n't sure what kind of comedy to do . I did n't think I 'd be any good at doing Jim Carrey kind of slapstick comedies . I 'm more like Woody Allen . " His "  Annie Hall " moment came with 2001 comedy "  Big Shot 's Funeral " that featured Donald Sutherland and gained international recognition . But last year 's "  Aftershock " has elevated the 53-year-old to the position of the most bankable director in China . It took over $ 147 million at the box office in China making it the highest grossing film in the country 's history . It will also be China 's official entry into the Academy Awards this year . The film is based on the devastating earthquake of 1976 that killed thousands in the city of Tangshang , northeast of Beijing . "  I knew from the very beginning that this will become a film that would attract a big Chinese audience . It 's a collective memory for everyone here in China so I knew the movie would touch everyone ... This movie is also very relevant to many people 's daily lives , " he said . Feng 's screen career began in television , directing and occasionally acting , before moving into filmmaking . He tested the limits of the censors along the way . "  We walk a very tight rope , we have to strike balance otherwise we 're going to fall , " he said about censors in China . "  Some of my earlier films might have been a little too edgy for a mainstream audience , at least that what the censors thought . " One of Feng 's targets in his earlier films has been commercialism , including "  Big Shot 's Funeral " where a film director sells his funeral to advertisers . However some have criticized Feng for becoming too commercial in his own filmmaking , especially with overt product placement in "  Aftershock " . In response he told Xinhua News that product placement will be an increasingly important part of the Chinese film . He prides himself on having the common touch to attract big audiences . "  The biggest advantage is that I know what audiences want ... of course not all of them , but at least I know what most of them want , " he said . "  I do n't think that the audience is God . Nor do I think we are above them . I just think that we are on a level playing field . "	Feng Xiaogang is director of China 's biggest grossing film , "  Aftershock " Started career in television before becoming movie director Early work was comedies ; compared himself to Woody Allen
CNN  -- World champion Jorge Lorenzo may have thought new teammate Valentino Rossi would be his biggest threat of the new MotoGP season , but a surprise name will be at the head of the grid for Saturday 's revamped final qualifying session in Qatar . Rookie Marc Marquez , making his debut for Repsol Honda following the retirement of Casey Stoner and the departure of Andrea Dovizioso , snatched top spot from Lorenzo 's Yamaha by just one-thousandth of a second in Friday 's third practice . "  Practice today went pretty well -- better than expected , " Marquez said . "  I was very comfortable on the bike and this is the important thing . "  What we are missing is a bit of pace and consistency . We will have to make the most of the 30 minutes that we have before qualifying tomorrow to improve those points . " Under new rules for motorcycling 's elite class , the top 10 riders automatically go through to "  Q2 " to decide the leading start positions for Sunday 's opening race , while in the earlier "  Q1 " the rest will fight for the remaining two spots to take part the pole position shootout . "  It 's separated qualifying , so that the fastest group runs together and the slowest group runs together , " race director Mike Webb said . "  It 's one thing for the show , and the other really big reason is for the safety of the riders ; each rider group will get a clear race track and be better able to do their best lap time . " Splitting the sessions will also give the sponsors of smaller teams more television exposure , the MotoGP website said . Most eyes will be watching seven-time world champion Rossi , who has returned to Yamaha after two unsuccessful seasons with Ducati . "  The practices were not so bad , but we are continuing to work for the race , " Rossi said . "  We still have to decide which tire to use ; that will be very important for Sunday . " The Italian earned fourth place in the practice sessions , behind Britain 's Cal Crutchlow on a Monster Yamaha Tech 3 . Compatriot Dovizioso , his replacement at Ducati , claimed sixth place ahead of last season 's championship runnerup Dani Pedrosa -- who was outshone by his new Honda colleague Marquez . Another Spanish rider , Alvaro Bautista , was seventh for Honda Gresini while America 's 2006 world champion Nicky Hayden was eighth on the second Ducati ahead of British rookie Bradley Smith on the other Tech 3 and Germany 's Stefan Bradl on an LCR Honda . The 20-year-old Marquez has moved up to the top division after winning the Moto2 title last year , and the 125cc class in 2010 . With two-time world champion Stoner quitting last season after becoming disillusioned with the sport , there is a gap for Marquez to make his name . However , he will have to show he can be as consistent as Lorenzo , who last season finished in the top two for 16 of 18 races -- with two retirements -- as he claimed his second title in three years . "  I 'm very happy with the changes we made on the bike because it improved a lot , " Lorenzo said . "  I think we can still improve the bike more tomorrow . "  We still have n't decided which chassis is better ; today it is the new one , yesterday the old one . I 'm very curious to see how the qualifying goes with the new formula -- we will just be concentrating on doing four fast laps and the maximum performance we can get . " Before Saturday 's two qualifying sessions , there will be one last practice run for the riders . "  We 'll use the first three practices to get the right setups and then probably use the last free practice to do a long run , just to check the race situation , " Lorenzo 's crew chief Ramon Forcada said on the MotoGP website . "  It 's not exactly the race distance , but half an hour should be enough -- and then we 'll prepare for the time attack ! "	Rookie rider Marc Marquez earns fastest time for MotoGP qualifying session Spaniard is quickest after three practice sessions on Thursday and Friday World champion Jorge Lorenzo is second fastest under new rules in Qatar Sunday 's race at Losail circuit will launch the 2013 season
Want to avoid a heart attack or stroke ? In addition to well-known risk factors like diet and exercise , you may want to keep an eye on your vitamin D levels too . Small amounts of vitamin D is available in food , such as fish , cod liver oil , and fortified milk and juice . Low levels of the "  sunshine vitamin " -- so nicknamed because we get most of our vitamin D from sunlight -- may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease , according to a report published Monday in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology . About 30 to 50 pecent of American children and adults do n't get enough vitamin D , says coauthor James O'Keefe , M.D. , cardiologist and director of preventative cardiology at the Mid America Heart Institute , in Kansas City , Missouri . "  Society has been slow to respond to the pleas of vitamin D experts for years , " O'Keefe says . "  People say , ` Well , I go outside , ' but the truth is we just are n't outside enough -- or when we are , we 're using sunscreen or wearing protective clothing . " Small amounts of vitamin D can be consumed through food , such as fish , cod liver oil , and fortified milk and juice . But to achieve the daily 1,000 to 2,000 international units  IUs  that most people need , a dietary supplement is almost always necessary , according to the report . Oral doses of up to 2,000 IUs a day are considered safe and are available over the counter . Watch more on vitamin D recommendations for children " People with vitamin D levels below 15 nanograms per milliliter  deficiency is defined as less than 20 ng/ml  are twice as likely to have a heart attack , stroke , or other cardiovascular event within the next five years as those with higher levels , according to the Framingham Heart Study , a large , ongoing study of heart risk factors . Because the Framingham Heart Study is not a randomized controlled trial , it 's still not clear if vitamin D is the real reason for the link  the vitamin 's levels could drop in unhealthy people for other reasons  , or if taking a supplement would lower the risk . However , experts agree that a connection is likely . Vitamin D appears to regulate insulin production in the pancreas , and a deficiency could raise diabetes risk . Low levels of vitamin D can also raise blood pressure and increase inflammation in the arteries , "  a recipe for disaster , " says O'Keefe . "  These are the fundamental disturbances that predispose us to blood clots , strokes , and cardiac deaths , " he says . Susan Harris , D.Sc. , an epidemiologist in the Bone Metabolism Laboratory at Tufts University in Boston , Massachusetts , agrees that there 's little harm in assuming that vitamin D may help the heart . "  It looks like vitamin D is important in very basic physiological functions like appropriate immune responses and inflammation , which play a role in cardiovascular disease and other chronic illnesses , " she says . Health.com : How the financial crisis could break your heart , literally While placebo-controlled studies are still needed to define vitamin D 's real relationship with heart disease , "  it is such a safe and possibly preventive treatment , there 's not really any reason to wait until that research is conducted , " she adds . O'Keefe and his colleagues at the University of Alabama , the Mayo Clinic , and the vitamin D laboratory at Boston University recommend that people with cardiovascular disease or related risk factors -- such as smoking , obesity , diabetes , or a family history -- have their vitamin D levels checked by a doctor . Health.com : 7 Causes of High Cholesterol To restore normal vitamin D levels , deficient at-risk patients should be supplemented with 50,000 IUs of prescription vitamin D2 or D3  vitamin D comes in two forms  once a week for 8 to 12 weeks , according to the report 's authors . They should then maintain these levels with either 50,000 units every two weeks , 1,000 to 2,000 IUs of vitamin D3 every day , or approximately 10 minutes of sunlight a day between the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Health.com : Vitamin Guidelines : Easy Ways to Double Your D Harris agrees with most of these recommendations , although she warns that sun exposure in the northern United States during the months of November through April tends to be an inadequate source of vitamin D . The bottom line , says O'Keefe , is that adequate vitamin D levels are a necessity for overall health -- and they probably improve heart functioning as well . "  Deficiency really wreaks havoc on long-term health , " he says . "  And so even though -LSB- the cardiovascular benefit -RSB- is still theoretical , we have a mandate to normalize levels in heart patients -- and really in all patients -- just for the good it will do the rest of their system . " Health.com : How I survived a heart attack at 43 O'Keefe is an unpaid consultant for CardioTabs , a supplement maker , and the group practice where he works uses the supplement company 's funds for marketing and patient education . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Health - CLICK HERE ! Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : Low levels of vitamin D may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease About 30 to 50 pecent of Americans do n't get enough vitamin D says study author Sun in northern U.S. may not generate enough vitamin D during winter months More studies needed to pinpoint role of vitamin D and cardiovascular health
A pharmacy tech who makes $ 12 an hour but drives a Mercedes . A rumor that a pharmacist may be trading sex for drugs . A prescription note with handwriting that 's a little too easy to read . The Drug Enforcement Administration in Atlanta says all of these scenarios should leave pharmacy workers suspicious of illegal activity at their store . And they hope pharmacy employees -- or anyone , for that matter -- will report such activity to its new prescription drug abuse tip line . The agency launched an initiative , TIP411 , this week to allow the public to quickly and anonymously report suspicious activity . Tipsters can text TIP411 , or 847-411 , and then use the keyword PILLTIP . The message will be forwarded to a DEA agent who will investigate . Georgia is one of the first states in the country to try the texting effort . The city of Philadelphia is also experimenting with the program . Agents hope it will become a successful weapon to fight the war on prescription drug abuse , a war they feel they are losing . "  It really is out of control here , " said Rick Allen , director of the Georgia Drug and Narcotics Agency . Prescription drug abuse is a national epidemic , according to the Centers for Disease Control . Overdose rates in the United States have more than tripled since 1990 , and prescription drugs are to blame for a number of those deaths . The rise in overdoses parallels a 300 % increase in the sale of strong opioid painkillers since 1999 . In 2008 , prescription pain pills actually killed more people than all those who died from taking cocaine or heroin . The pain pills , unlike cocaine or heroin , are often bought legally -- at least at first . Very few come from someone robbing a pharmacy . Most abusers get the pills from a friend or family member who had the initial prescription . Only 2.3 % say they bought them from a drug dealer or stranger , according to the National Survey on Drug Use and Health , which used 2010 data . "  The illegal prescription drug market and relative ease of which pharmaceutical substances can be obtained has resulted in a sharp increase in prescription drug abuse , " said Harry Sommers , special agent in charge of the DEA 's Atlanta division . The issue can become an even bigger problem when the friend or family member runs out of the pills , according to Sommers . Then , often , people will either forge prescriptions from doctors or -- if they ca n't get access to legal drugs -- turn to another opioid like heroin , which is sometimes even easier to get . With the announcement of the tip line , the DEA said it is sending education materials to 1,200 pharmacies in the Atlanta metropolitan area . The packet includes tip line information and a guide that points out suspicious signs to monitor . The guide , a pamphlet , suggests that people get these drugs illegally by stealing doctors ' prescription pads or altering a legitimate prescription with a different callback number that can ring to an accomplice that would verify the prescription . Other tricks include people calling the pharmacy masquerading as doctors . The pamphlet warns pharmacists to watch for customers who come back a little too regularly or people who come in with a prescription for a stimulant and a depressant at the same time . Often , abusers will seek both "  uppers " and "  downers " when they are addicted to prescription painkillers . A prescription with all the words spelled out or with perfect handwriting is also suspicious , according to the DEA . Most doctors are in such a hurry , they will use abbreviations , and doctors are not typically known for neat handwriting . The CDC suggests that pharmacists talk with patients about safely using , storing and disposing of prescription painkillers . It also recommends that health professionals consult their state 's prescription drug monitoring programs . Sommers said he does n't think his agency will get a ton of tips through the new tip line , but he believes the tips it does get will yield good results .	DEA creates a tip line to fight prescription drug abuse Painkiller abuse killed more people in 2008 than cocaine and heroin combined Georgia DEA hopes the tip line will be a model for the rest of the country
Like many people , I use Facebook to keep up with friends about all kinds of things -- deaths , births , the latest fads , jokes . So I was disturbed to learn about an article , "  Experimental Evidence of massive-scale emotional contagion through social networks " published last week in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Science  PNAS  . Facebook had subjected nearly 700,000 users in an experiment without their knowledge , manipulating these individuals ' news feeds , reducing positive or negative content , and examining the emotions of these individuals ' subsequent posts . Facebook essentially sought to manipulate people 's mood . This is not a trivial undertaking . What if a depressed person became more depressed ? Facebook says that the effect was n't large , but it was large enough for the authors to publish the study in a major science journal . This experiment is scandalous and violates accepted research ethics . In 1974 , following revelations of ethical violations in the Tuskegee Syphilis study , Congress passed the National Research Act . At Tuskegee , researchers followed African-American men with syphilis for decades and did not tell the subjects when penicillin became available as an effective treatment . The researchers feared that the subjects , if informed , would take the drug and be cured , ending the experiment . Public outcry led to federal regulations governing research on humans , requiring informed consent . These rules pertain , by law , to all studies conducted using federal funds , but have been extended by essentially all universities and pharmaceutical and biotech companies in this country to cover all research on humans , becoming the universally-accepted standard . According to these regulations , all research must respect the rights of individual research subjects , and scientific investigators must therefore explain to participants the purposes of the study , describe the procedures  and which of these are experimental  and "  any reasonably foreseeable risks or discomforts . " Facebook followed none of these mandates . The company has argued that the study was permissible because the website 's data use policy states , "  we may use the information we receive about you ... for internal operations , including troubleshooting , data analysis , testing , research and service improvement , " and that "  we may make friend suggestions , pick stories for your News Feed or suggest people to tag in photos . " But while the company is not legally required to follow this law , two of the study 's three authors are affiliated with universities -- Cornell and the University of California at San Francisco -- that publicly uphold this standard . The National Research Act led to the establishment of local research ethics committees , known as Institutional Review Boards  or IRBs  , which can waive the informed consent requirement in certain instances , provided , "  whenever appropriate , the subjects will be provided with additional pertinent information after participation " -- that is , researchers should "  debrief " the participants afterwards . Such a debriefing apparently did not occur here , but easily could have . Facebook said it reviewed the research internally , but there is no evidence that that review was by an IRB or met the standards of the federal regulations . Moreover , the journal , PNAS , mandates that "  all experiments have been conducted according to the principles expressed in the Declaration of Helsinki , " which also dictates that subjects be informed of the study 's "  aims , methods ... and the discomfort it may entail . " The lead author , Adam Kramer , apologized on Facebook , writing , "  my coauthors and I are very sorry for the way the paper described the research and any anxiety it caused . " But that statement falls far short . The problem is not only how the study was described , but how it was conducted . Many researchers try to avoid having to obtain appropriate informed consent , since they worry that potential subjects , if asked , would refuse to participate . Pharmaceutical , insurance and Internet companies and others are increasingly studying us , acquiring massive amounts of data about us -- about not only our Internet use , but our genomes and medical records . Many medical centers are building enormous biobanks . Countless websites now examine our behavior online . They ask us to scroll down and click "  I accept , " assuming we 're unlikely to read the dense legalese and simply accept their terms . In July 2011 , President Obama released proposals to improve the current system of oversight on human research . The federal Office of Human Research Protections received public comments for a few months but appears to have put this on the back burner . Social scientists have complained that the current regulations are onerous and that their research should be excused from IRB review . The current system is overly bureaucratic and needs reform . But as this controversial Facebook experiment suggests , it should not be scrapped . Good experiments benefit society . But in their zeal to conduct research , some social scientists overlook how their studies may impinge on people 's rights . As the amount of research on humans continues to grow , more violations will probably occur . We should try to avoid as much as possible becoming human guinea pigs .	Facebook conducted a study on nearly 700,000 users by manipulating their news feeds Robert Klitzman : Facebook basically tried to alter people 's mood without their knowledge He says despite Facebook 's user policy , this study violates accepted research ethics Klitzman : We should try to avoid as much as possible becoming human guinea pigs
Sudan has withdrawn its soldiers from Abyei , a disputed border region also claimed by South Sudan , but has left police officers , the United Nations peacekeeping mission said Wednesday . "  The mission has confirmed the full withdrawal of the SAF from Abyei area yesterday , " said Josephine Guerrero , a spokeswoman for the U.N. 's Department of Peacekeeping Operations in New York , referring to the Sudan Armed Forces . "  Armed police forces are still in the area . " South Sudan 's army spokesman , Philip Aguer , said he is "  skeptical " that Sudan has truly pulled troops out . He said he had received reports that the Sudan Armed Forces left two platoons of soldiers dressed in police uniforms in Abyei town , and that two battalions remain about 40 miles away in Diffra , which is the only oil field inside the disputed territory . "  We have our reservations about Sudan 's claims that it withdrew from Abyei , " he said , adding that his government is investigating reports that Sudanese soldiers remain in the area . The conflicting claims come on the second day of renewed peace talks between Sudan and South Sudan , which are being hosted by the African Union in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa . Talks have been ongoing since the South declared independence on July 9 of last year , but Sudan pulled out of negotiations last month as border clashes brought the countries to the brink of war . A U.N. Security Council resolution adopted this month threatened sanctions if the countries refused to cease hostilities and return to talks . South Sudan complied with the Security Council 's demand that it withdraw forces from the contested , oil-rich area of Heglig , as well as police it had stationed in Abyei . The resolution also required Sudan to withdraw its forces from Abyei . The United Nations and the African Union have made repeated requests that Sudan withdraw troops after it invaded Abyei a year ago . More than 100,000 people remain displaced , according to the World Food Program , which is supporting the displaced community in the South Sudanese town of Agok . Under a 2005 peace agreement that ended Sudan 's two-decade civil war , Abyei residents were to take part in a referendum on whether to join the South or remain a special administrative region within Sudan . The vote was to take place in January 2011 , at the same time as the referendum that led to South Sudan 's secession . But disputes over who was eligible to vote prevented the referendum from going forward in Abyei . In a 2009 ruling , the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague placed Abyei 's boundaries around the traditional homeland of the Ngok Dinka tribe . Those borders excluded most of the oil fields in the area as well as the members of the Misseriya tribe , who often receive support from Khartoum , Sudan 's capital . The nomads spend part of the year grazing their cattle in Abyei and said they should also be able to vote . The U.N. Security Council and the African Union have given Sudan and South Sudan three months to resolve post-secession issues , including the fate of Abyei . Other points of contention are citizenship for people from both countries who now find themselves living in either country , border demarcation and oil revenue sharing . With independence , South Sudan acquired three-quarters of the formerly united country 's oil reserves . But the new nation depends on pipelines and processing facilities that remain in Sudan . Negotiators have failed to agree on how much the landlocked South should pay to use those facilities . South Sudan halted oil production in late January after accusing Sudan of stealing $ 815 million worth of its crude . Sudan said it had confiscated the oil to make up for unpaid fees .	The U.N. has called for Sudan and South Sudan to withdraw forces from Abyei A South Sudan army spokesman questions whether Sudan has truly pulled its forces out Many people remain displaced in the disputed border region Sudan and South Sudan have returned to peace talks
CNN  -- James Bond - licence to kill . Cristiano Ronaldo -- licence to thrill . One has brought down tyrants , saved Queen and country and entertained generations of fans for over 50 years . The other has produced moments of magic which have defied all logic with a right foot more deadly than Bond 's Walter PPK gun . But neither 007 nor CR7 , have worked out a way to combat their latest enemy - an invasion of privacy . It 's a topic which has left Daniel Craig , the man who produced a stellar performance as Bond in the recent Skyfall epic , both shaken and stirred . Craig , who first played Bond six years ago in Casino Royale , has seen his life change irreversibly with his public life now constantly afflicted . Culture shock While Ronaldo may enjoy a life of glamor , the fact that he can not even pop out to his local McDonalds without being bothered continues to irk him . His very public relationship with Russian model Irina Shayk , a celebrity in her own right , has brought extra attention to one of the football 's most famous faces . Both men have their photos plastered across billboards worldwide , their pictures on television commercials broadcast around the globe and their private lives played out on the internet . So why do the likes of Craig and Ronaldo , who make millions of dollars from their public image , believe they deserve privacy ? For the 27-year-old Real Madrid superstar , who hails from the quiet and picturesque island of Madeira , it has come as something of a culture shock . Ronaldo admits perceived arrogance has cost him "  Yeah , of course , " Ronaldo told CNN after being asked whether he wished he could lead a normal life . "  Not just now , but the last five , six years . "  Sometimes I wish to go somewhere , shopping , McDonalds ... not a great example , or to have coffee and people recognize me . "  We are famous and we have to deal with that . " Smart phones With the advanced technology of smart phones and the advent of Twitter and other social media networks , stars are far more cautious when stepping out of their front doors . For Craig , who undertook huge lengths to keep his wedding to fellow film star Rachel Weisz a complete secret , the right to privacy is key . "  How could I go into a pub and have a few pints of Guinness and get a bit rowdy and sing a few songs when some tw * t 's going to film me and put it all over the internet ? " Craig was recently quoted as saying in the British media . "  The difference , and this has changed rapidly in about 10 years , is smart phones . "  They are the f *** ing bane of my life . I get people who just take pictures of me with their camera phone while I 'm having dinner . I want to get violent and I ca n't . ` Skyfall ' is Bond resurrected and reinvigorated "  They think it 's their right to take a photo of me and I find that incredibly intrusive . But every phone has a camera on it , so how do we stop it ? We ca n't . " Risk It seems as if nobody in the world of celebrities is untouchable with the Duchess of Cambridge just one of the most recent high profile scandals . The Princess , who was on vacation in France at the time , was snapped by a paparazzo while topless with the photos eventually being published in a French magazine . That case caused a furore and brought up the question of whether those in the public eye have the right to privacy . British privacy should start with British press The Leveson inquiry , which looked into the culture , practices and ethics of the press , allowed celebrities such as Hugh Grant and Sienna Miller to reveal the harassment they had encountered while in the public eye . But there are those who believe that celebrities can still live a normal life without being encroached upon . "  You can avoid it if you do n't crave the attention , " said PR guru Max Clifford . For every sports star like Ronaldo , there is a Paul Scholes or Xabi Alonso , both of whom manage to stay out of the media eye with little fuss . The key , according to Clifford , is awareness and caution . "  Everyone out there now has phones and can take pictures , in a way , everyone is the press now but you 've just got to be sensible , " he added . How a publicist heads off damaging claims against celebrities "  If you do n't want to be seen with somebody , then do n't take the risk . "  I 've told clients over and over again , you ca n't expect the media to build you up and help your career and then turn around and complain about the attention . "  For famous people , it 's part of life and you just have to get used to it and deal with it . " Havoc Dealing with it sounds simple but it can prove far more difficult , depending how high up you are on the fame scale . Even the ` Special One ' , Jose Mourinho , has found it difficult to cope with the intrusion into his private life since leading Porto to Champions League glory in 2004 . Mourinho 's world has been turned upside down by the constant attention on Real both in Spain and abroad since moving to Madrid in 2010 . ' I hate my social life , ' says Mourinho It has wreaked havoc on his personal life and that of his wife and two children . "  I hate my social life , " Mourinho told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  I hate not to be a normal father who goes with his son to the son 's football match and being there with the other 20 fathers there watching the game . "  I 'm at a football match of kids and I have to be there . The people have to come for photos ; the people have to come for autographs ; the people have to come to insult me ; the people have to go behind the goal of my kid and insult my kid of 12 . "  So , you know , I would love to be with my family in the street as a normal person and I ca n't , so I am a completely different person in my private life . " But for now Mourinho , like Ronaldo and Craig , must endure , as they continue their constant battle to secure a right to privacy .	Cristiano Ronaldo struggling to protect his right to privacy Ronaldo : "  We are famous and we have to deal with that " Jose Mourinho told CNN : "  I hate my social life " Daniel Craig has seen his privacy eroded since taking James Bond role Daniel Craig has seen his privacy eroded since taking James Bond role
CNN  -- If you 're thinking of setting up an amazing man cave or showing off a ginormous baby bump next year , think again . A northern Michigan school on Friday released its 37th annual list of words and phrases that it believes should be "  banished " from the English language , and it suggests that some classic -- and perhaps hackneyed -- should get the ax . Lake Superior State University once again solicited people online to nominate terms they consider tired , overused or simply annoying . Based on those submissions , the arbiters at the school decided to put the following on this year 's chopping block : "  amazing , " "  baby bump , " "  shared sacrifice , " "  occupy , " "  blowback , " "  man cave , " "  ginormous " and "  the new normal . " "  Pet parent , " "  win the future , " "  trickeration " and "  thank you in advance " also have been unofficially sentenced to linguistic exile for the crimes of excessive and inappropriate usage , according to the university in Sault Sainte Marie on the Canadian border . "  Worn-out words and phrases are the new normal this year , but with some shared sacrifice , we can clean up the language and win the future , " a school representative said in a written statement . "  With the addition of this year 's nominations , the list of words and phrases banished over the years has become ginormous . " "  Amazing " -- arguably one of the most overused adjectives in the English language -- topped this year 's list of submissions , according to the university . "  Banish it for blatant overuse and incorrect use ... to stop my head from exploding , " begged Paul Crutchfield from Great Britain , according to the press release . "  Anderson Cooper used it three times recently in the opening 45 seconds of his program , " said Sarah Howley , a resident of Kalamazoo , Michigan , referring to the CNN anchor . "  My teeth grate , my hackles rise , and even my dog is getting annoyed at this senseless overuse . "  I do n't even like ` Amazing Grace ' anymore , " she complained . David Hollis from Hubbardsville , New York , insisted that not all men are enamored with the concept of the traditional man cave . "  It is not just overused , it is offensive to we males who do not wish to hunker  another awful word , often misused  down in a room filled with stuffed animal heads , an unnecessarily large flat-screen TV and Hooters memorabilia , " he said . "  Not every man wants a recliner the size of a 1941 Packard that has a cooler in each arm and a holster for the remote . So please , assign ` man cave ' to the lexicographic scrap heap where it so rightly belongs . " Jim Eisenmann from Madison , Wisconsin , had some free advice for politicians hitting the campaign trail in 2012 : dump "  win the future " or you may not win the race . "  On its very face , it 's an empty , meaningless phrase , " he explained . "  It basically says that anyone who opposes anything meant to ` win the future ' must want to ` lose the future , ' which is highly unlikely . " "  Ginormous " seemed particularly irritating this time around , with contributors complaining that its usage shows a lack of proper education . "  This combination of gigantic and enormous makes the hair stand up on the back of my neck every time I hear it , " said Gina Bua of Vancouver , Washington . "  Each utterance reminds me of the high school drop-out that first used this offensive word in my presence . " "  This word is just a made-up combination of two words , " adds an Andover , Maine , resident named Jason , who refused to offer his last name . "  Either word is sufficient , but the combination just sounds ridiculous . " As for "  baby bump " -- a term used to describe a pregnant woman 's rounded belly -- this "  is a phrase we finally need to give birth to , then send on its way , " declared Mary Sturgeon from Vancouver , British Columbia . "  I 'm tired of a pregnancy being reduced to a celebrity accessory . Or worse , when less-than-six-pack abs are suspected of being one , " said Afton , a respondent from Portland , Oregon . Lake Superior State University 's annual "  word banishment " list was first created at a New Year 's Eve party in 1975 . The school now claims to receive tens of thousands of nominations every year .	Lake Superior State University releases its 37th annual list of banished words and phrases "  Amazing , " "  baby bump " and "  man cave " are among those people asked not to be used Others on the list include "  ginormous , " "  win the future , " and "  thank you in advance " The roster of unwanted words first came about at a New Year 's Eve party in 1975
NEW YORK  CNN  -- He is iconic , there 's no doubt . George Hamilton gets his life story on screen in "  My One and Only . " With the elegant suit and tie , the impeccable grooming , the tan  Did I mention the tan ?  , George Hamilton is still a charmer , and he comes across like a born bon vivant . Sure , his acting may have taken a backseat to his bronzed visage years ago , but what did happen to him years ago ? Well , there 's a story there , one now coming to the big screen . Hamilton 's formative years are loosely depicted in the film "  My One and Only , " opening in wide release September 4 . "  My One and Only " has the style of a film produced during Hollywood 's golden age , but the tale is easily relatable to today . In the film , Hamilton 's mother , Anne , played by Academy Award winner Renee Zellweger , walks in on her bandleader husband and another woman . She hits the road in a brand new Cadillac Coupe de Ville with her two sons , George and Robbie , en route to find a new husband and a new life . Watch a preview of ` My One and Only ' " Hamilton , 70 , spoke with CNN about the film , old Hollywood and his mother . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : There is a lot of heartache in this story . Why did you want to share it ? George Hamilton : I do n't know that I really did want to share it . It 's a fictional story based on a real story loosely about me . And I went to the movie to hate it . And I looked at the movie and I thought , my God , -LSB- Zellweger -RSB- looks nothing like my mother , but she was able to portray the emotions just the way it was then . I could n't speak . I was completely overwhelmed by what Renee did . That 's a great actress . CNN : Do you think that your mother shaped your life more than your father ? Hamilton : I think they 're kind of like sand and a rock , kind of -- you keep rubbing up against them and they form you . I knew that I was the man of the family from the time I was 10 , 12 -- you know , I had to be . But I knew I had to get away from it . So I signed onto military school . Then my mother said , if you 're bad I 'm sending you to your father , and I said , send me . I ... lived a whole year with my father -- I got to know him , I got to understand the two sides to the story . My mother did n't say bad things about him . I presumed that he was this foreign person who left and abandoned us . He did n't at all . And when I made it in Hollywood and I did n't want to be an actor , there they arrived . It was their triumph , not mine . I wanted to be a doctor . CNN : Now in hindsight , do you understand what your mom was doing ? Hamilton : That 's a very good question . No , I did n't , I did n't get her . What I knew was I would work -- I was ... with people who had millions of dollars , and they just accepted me , and I would go out and buy a tuxedo in the thrift shop , and go to the coming-out party of a very wealthy socialite , and they would say oh , now chic . You wore your grandfather 's or your father 's tuxedo . And I had bought it for $ 5 . And I realized there was a whole reverse way of acting , and people just presumed you were old money , and I played that . That was my game . But when I looked at my mother I realized that she was born almost like a child , with the theory that we would be divinely supported . Always trust that , do n't be afraid . Poverty , or -LSB- being -RSB- poor , is a mentality , it 's like fog , it 's all around you . My mother was broke , but that 's just a temporary deal -- that 's a bad hand in the poker game , if you 're gon na sit through two more you can win . And that 's how I looked at it . CNN : What was old Hollywood like ? Hamilton : Well , it was mythological . It was a place -LSB- that -RSB- the first day , I saw Robert Mitchum sitting at a table and he looked at me and said , "  I know they say I do n't know my lines . It 's not true . I 'm just too drunk to say them . " And I thought , oh , that 's an interesting man . Next Fred Astaire walks by , "  Hello , " and I stopped : "  Hello , Mr. Astaire " -- God I love that guy -- and I see Cary Grant sitting down . And he said , "  You 've got a nice suntan . Do you like the sun ? " I said "  Well , yeah , I love the sun . " ... He was so incredible . And I saw Gary Cooper , Ty Power , Clark Gable , and then they disappeared . You talk about "  Gone With the Wind , " Hollywood disappeared ! And I had envisioned this because I was the last of the contract players , and I wanted to be like them , but they were gone ! And all the sudden I 'm seeing Marlon Brandos , and Monty Clifts , and then a whole generation of soft young men , the Beat Generation or whatever . I could n't relate to them then . Because I had related to what my mother and brother had seen years before . And that 's all I ever wanted to be . CNN : There can never be another old Hollywood . Hamilton : No , but there can be older people in Hollywood , and that 's where I am now . Just before death they turn you into an icon . And the other day I got a star on Hollywood Boulevard and I thought , God this is pretty good , and then it scared me because I thought , they give these things to you before it 's all over . CNN : And did you learn to love acting ? Hamilton : Acting has always been something for me that 's been a romp . I just show up and I have a good time , and I hope that I get through the day and I can have lunch in the sun . I used to take the script and if it was heavy I 'd give it to George Peppard and if it was nice and light , if it was a western , a few words , I 'd take it . That 's the way I looked at it . I was n't a great actor , it was n't my style . I just loved being an actor .	George Hamilton 's formative years subject of "  My One and Only " Perpetually tanned Hamilton fell into acting ; he wanted to be a doctor Hamilton remembers thrill of old Hollywood , then one day it was gone
CNN  -- Four months after a criminal investigation began into the disappearance of an Oregon boy , officials continue to ask the public for leads and tips . Thursday marks Kyron Horman 's 8th birthday . Desiree Young , Kyron 's biological mother , said she will celebrate the birthday by releasing red balloons outside a church in Medford , Oregon . His stepmother , Terri Horman , said she dropped him off at Skyline Elementary School on the morning of June 4 . She has been the subject of intense scrutiny for several months . In divorce filings , her ex-husband , Kaine Horman , said he believes that Terri Horman "  is involved " in the boy 's disappearance . Court documents also allege Terri Horman attempted to hire a man to kill her husband . Meanwhile , Skyline Elementary began its first day of classes for the year on Tuesday with additional security measures to protect the children and staff . In a letter to parents , Principal Ben Keefer said video cameras will be installed this weekend at Skyline . "  These cameras will show external views of the building as well as the main hallway , " he wrote . Also , security procedures will be reviewed to ensure they are effective , he added . Tributes , messages , posters and cards that adorned a "  Wall of Hope " for Kyron were moved from school property to a fence outside a nearby fire station , said the Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office . "  We 're happy that the fire district can provide this service to the community , " said Tualatin Valley Fire & Rescue Communications Officer Brian Barker . "  Our hearts go out to Kyron 's family and we all hope for a positive resolution to this case . "	The investigation into Kyron 's disappearance continues His mother says she will release balloons to celebrate his birthday Video cameras are being put in place at Skyline Elementary
CNN  -- Two fires have merged , coming dangerously close to protected areas in Florida 's Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge . The so-called Honey Prairie fire , which has been burning since late April , united with another blaze called the Paxton Road fire Tuesday , the U.S. Forest Service said . Working around the clock , 526 firefighters have been deployed to combat the flames . "  We 've got lots of crews out there trying to hold that line , trying to protect that wildlife refuge , " Forest Service public information officer Haven Cook said . Cook said while the fire is 75 % contained , dealing with a fire in swamp can be tricky . "  When we 're dealing with a situation like this , the fire can lay down , creep under all that peat , and so when we have significant weather like a wind event , it can spark and develop an active flame front very quickly from there . " The fire reached the eastern edge of Okefenokee Swamp to Chesser Island , a tourist attraction that housed an observation tower and a 4,000-foot boardwalk that stretched out into the middle of the swamp . "  The tower is fine ; so is the historic Chesser Island homestead , " Cook said . "  But the boardwalk did burn ; about 90 % of it burned . " Florida Gov. Rick Scott declared a state of emergency Monday , citing the ongoing danger of wildfires and drought conditions . Meteorologists say there are moderately good chances for rain toward the end of the week , but thunderstorms may also be in the forecast . "  This fire can go on for weeks until we get a good drenching rain , " Cook said . "  The firefighters are going to be monitoring this and watching this for two , maybe three weeks because it 's been such a dry year . "	NEW : Florida Gov. Rick Scott declares a state of emergency 526 firefighters are working to protect the Okefenokee swamp 90 % of a public boardwalk is burned
CNN  -- Troops closed in on one of Mexico 's most wanted drug lords Wednesday , nabbing him at a seafood restaurant in a popular tourist destination . Members of the Mexican Army did n't fire a single shot when they captured Hector Beltran Leyva in San Miguel de Allende , Mexico , officials said . His arrest came after 11 months of investigation as intelligence officials traced his path , Tomas Zeron de Lucio , the director of criminal investigation for Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office , told reporters . Mexican authorities were offering a reward of more than $ 2 million for information leading to his capture . And the U.S. State Department 's Narcotics Rewards Program had been offering a reward of up to $ 5 million . Beltran Leyva , who led a cartel by the same name , had been living a discreet , low-profile life in Mexico 's Queretaro state , ditching fancy cars and other trappings of luxury to appear as a simple businessman , Zeron said . But in reality , Zeron said , Beltran Leyva was "  one of the main leaders of drug trafficking in Mexico " and headed "  a large network of corruption and money laundering . " He rose to power after Mexican marines killed his brother in a 2009 raid that the head of the DEA described as a "  crippling blow to one of the most violent cartels in the world . " More on the Mexican drug war Nicknames for the kingpin included "  The Engineer " and "  The H. " According to security experts , the cartel had regrouped after the dramatic 2009 operation and developed alliances with the Zetas and the Juarez Cartel . The State Department has said the cartel was responsible for transporting weapons and ammunition to Mexico from the United States , and trafficking in cocaine , marijuana , heroin and methamphetamine . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Krupskaia Alis and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Authorities capture Hector Beltran Leyva inside a seafood restaurant He became a cartel chief after Mexican marines killed his brother Officials say he was living a discrete , low-profile life to avoid detection Authorities had offered millions of dollars for information leading to his capture
LOUISVILLE , Colorado  CNN  -- While the economy sputters here on Earth , space entrepreneurs in Colorado are looking to the heavens . Diane Dimeff and Scott Tibbitts of eSpace , a not-for-profit that helps aerospace companies test space technology . In a cavernous testing facility called the "  Incubator , " specialized equipment recreates the unique conditions of a journey into space -- from platforms that mimic the violent shaking at liftoff to chambers that replicate space 's bitter cold and complete vacuum . This is home to eSpace : The Center for Space Entrepreneurship , a not-for-profit partnership between SpaceDev , Inc. , a private aerospace company , and the University of Colorado . Launched last month , eSpace helps fledgling aerospace companies try out new gadgetry and meet NASA specifications . "  One of the most important things in making space hardware is that it 's going to -LSB- have to -RSB- work in space , because you ca n't repair it , " said Scott Tibbitts , executive director of eSpace . "  It 's up there , it has to work . " Tibbitts believes that in the near future , NASA 's programs will be supplemented more often by entrepreneurial space ventures . He thinks eSpace can help these companies work toward making space exploration more affordable and accessible to private citizens . "  Our goal is to help small aerospace companies to get off the ground , " said eSpace director Diane Dimeff . eSpace will help entrepreneurs "  to commercialize their technology and to help develop the work force that will fuel their growth . " The center 's Incubator doubles as the headquarters of SpaceDev , which Tibbitts founded almost by accident more than a dozen years ago . He developed a paraffin actuator , a mechanism filled with a waxlike substance that melts when it reaches a certain temperature , flipping a switch . The device worked on hot-water heaters , but Tibbitts thought it might have high-tech applications elsewhere . "  I ended up contacting NASA and they said yeah , " Tibbitts said . "  So we started building them for spacecraft instead of water heaters , and the business was built around that . " But it was n't quite that simple . The first actuator for NASA cost $ 32,000 to make , and Tibbitts had to sell his Triumph sports car to raise the money . Also , Tibbitts ' specialty was hot water heaters , not spacecraft . Products for NASA have to go through rigorous testing and be made to strict specifications . "  I knew nothing about it , " he said . "  We 'd ask NASA , ` Can we use Super Glue ? ' And they 'd say , ` No , you ca n't use Super Glue . ' " Tibbitts ' goal with eSpace is to help entrepreneurs avoid making the same mistakes . eSpace mentors new companies and helps guide them on the long journey from the workbench in the family garage to the launch pad . A important part of the process is access to the sophisticated testing equipment at the Incubator , located in a suburb northwest of Denver . "  The people making the hardware can test the hardware in that chamber and see if it 's going to work in the harsh conditions of space , " said Tibbitts while leading a tour of the facility . "  This is a half-a-million-dollar chamber . That 's not something a small company can afford . " Dimeff hopes eSpace 's collaboration with the University of Colorado will help guide young engineers into careers in space technology . To facilitate this , eSpace will fund three hands-on projects for graduate students to design aerospace technologies with commercial applications . "  They have great skills for the aerospace industry , and they would never have thought of going into the aerospace industry but for this program , " Dimeff said . A few miles down the road , another space hardware company is hoping to benefit from eSpace 's programs . "  I think the eSpace concept is really a very important one , " said Michael Tupper , executive vice president of Composite Technology Development Inc. , which makes resins , thermal insulation and other products . "  We can be much more effective when we are working with other entrepreneurial companies and combining our capabilities and technologies , " he added . "  So eSpace will both create a network of companies and will also help with the educational basics . " Tupper sees huge growth ahead in space technologies and in technologies developed for space making their way back to Earth . High-temperature insulation his company developed for space is being repurposed for use in wind turbines and geothermal equipment . In that way , eSpace could help prepare engineers for a variety of jobs beyond the aerospace field -- a key benefit in a battered economy . "  The space market is a vital market , and it does require a lot of jobs , " Tupper told CNN . "  But I think it 's quite clear the terrestrial market has more jobs in larger industries . We 're going to be needing to hire more and more people . "	The eSpace center helps fledgling aerospace companies try out new gadgetry eSpace boasts the "  Incubator , " which recreates the conditions of space Its equipment can mimic the violent shaking at liftoff and space 's bitter cold eSpace director : "  Our goal is to help small aerospace companies get off the ground "
CNN  -- Six-time World Series winners and one of Major League Baseball 's  MLB  most successful franchises , the Los Angeles Dodgers , filed for bankruptcy in an American court on Monday The move comes after the MLB -- who took charge of the team in April to ensure they "  will be guided appropriately in the future " -- rejected a television rights deal last week which would have provided them with a much-needed financial boost . MLB commissioner Bud Selig turned down the proposed $ 3 billion agreement with the FOX network , citing it was not in the "  best interest of the fans , the teams or the game . " The bankrupty application is the latest chapter in a long-running story of financial difficulties for the Dodgers , a saga that has had the divorce battle between team co-owners Frank and Jamie McCourt as a back drop . The MLB appointed representatives to take care of the day-to-day running of the Dodgers in April due to the ongoing fall out between the owners and with the team suffering a drop in attendances at its Dodger Stadium . "  The Dodgers have been one of the most prestigious franchises in all of sports , and we owe it to their legion of loyal fans to ensure that this club is being operated properly , " Selig said . Frank McCourt , who purchased a controlling stake in the team in 2004 , has agreed in principle a $ 150m loan with hedge fund J.P. Morgan Chase to meet running costs . A judge will hold a hearing on Tuesday to decide whether or not to approve the loan , with $ 40m of the money set to be used to fulfil the Dodgers ' payroll commitments , and McCourt will also request permission to hold an auction for the broadcasting rights . "  The commissioner 's office has spent the better part of one year working with Mr. McCourt and his representatives on the financial situation of the Los Angeles Dodgers , " read a statement from Selig on the Dodgers ' official web site . " -LSB- The financial problem -RSB- was caused by Mr. McCourt 's excessive debt and his diversion of club assets for his own personal needs . Any potential solution to his problems that contemplates mortgaging the future of the Dodgers franchise to the long-term detriment of the club , its fans and the game of baseball would not be acceptable . " The west coast outfit are currently fourth in the National League West , and enjoyed a season-best 15-0 victory against the Minnesota Twins at Target Field on Monday .	Los Angeles Dodgers have filed for bankruptcy at a court in Delaware MLB commissioner rejected a TV deal which would have provided financial boost MLB have been controlling the day-to-day running of the franchise since April Financial problems at the Dodgers have been exposed during their owners ' divorce
Port au Prince ,  CNN  -- The guard wearing a Haitian Football Federation T-shirt paces nervously in front of the heavy , blue steel door , his pump-action shotgun held tightly in his right hand . He presses his finger against the trigger when anyone bangs loudly on the metal to enter the Stad Sylvio Cator in downtown Port au Prince , pulling the door slowly open and gingerly peering his head out to see who it is . Usually they are met with a firm volley of abuse in Creole , but this time it is the guests he has been expecting . The Haitian national football team bus has arrived for training the day before one of the most important matches in the team 's history : a 2014 World Cup qualifier against the minnows of the U.S. Virgin Islands . It is also the country 's first home football match since as many as 300,000 people were killed when a massive 7.0 earthquake reduced much of the city to rubble . "  It 's 46 degrees on the pitch , we just measured it , " lamented the team 's Brazilian coach Edson Tavares . It is three in the afternoon , the same time the match is due to be played 24-hours later . "  It 's crazy . FIFA -LSB- football 's world governing body -RSB- agreed to move the match to this time . CONCACAF -LSB- the governing body for the Caribbean -RSB- said no . What do they know ? They work out of New York and know nothing about the heat in the Caribbean . " But the change in time was a necessity as much for the Haitians as anyone else . Electricity is scarce in the city , too scarce for the expensive but impotent flood lights that had been installed . Soccer salvation : How Haiti is healing after its earthquake Haitian football , like virtually every aspect of Haitian society , was almost terminally injured when the earthquake hit in January 2010 . The Haitian Football Federation 's headquarters were leveled , killing more than 30 of its staff . Its president , Yves Jean Bart , was one of only two survivors . The stadium itself had become , like any other scrap of spare space in Port au Prince , a makeshift camp . Hundreds of families lived here until being moved out in July when a new pitch was laid . A torn blue ribbon of despair still surrounds it . Workers busily paint the steps inside blue , yellow and red -- the colors of the Haitian flag -- to erase the memory of its temporary incarnation . The smell is of paint , excrement from the nearby open sewers and burning trash . The HFF president , knowing that the game has such a place in Haiti 's heart , went on to rebuild the federation and hired Tavares to achieve the dream of emulating Haiti 's golden generation who qualified for the 1974 World Cup . "  My first impression was to take my flight back to Brazil , " Tavares explains a few hours before traveling to the stadium . "  The country was completely devastated . Today is a paradise compared . If you compare with last year ... you could be walking the street and find the -LSB- severed -RSB- legs of people , the arms of people . " Tavares began by paying for his own flight to Europe , where he hired a car and visited the professional players of Haitian descent who play on the continent . "  I rented a car to travel to five countries to persuade the players to play for his original country . Only one refused . We contacted 20 players . And they are here . Most of them do n't speak Creole . One only speaks Italian . One only German . " The squad for the U.S. Virgin Islands ' game was full of talented new professionals gleaned from the diaspora , like Jean-Eudes Maurice who is on Paris Saint-Germain 's books and goalkeeper Steward Ceus , a New Yorker born and raised who plays for the Colorado Rapids . "  I was in college when I heard a buzz about Haiti being interested in seeing me , " explains Ceus , whose grandmother used to be a baker for the former president Jean-Bertrand Aristide . Soccer storm in the Caribbean : How diplomacy faltered over football "  Coming here left me speechless . The fans come after training , before training , crowding around the bus . My passion for soccer has always been there and I always wished that the people around me shared that passion . For the first time I found the passion I 've been looking for . " Yet sometimes passion is n't enough and Tavares hopes that the professionalism of his new team will rub off on the local players , who he believes are some of the most talented in the world . "  I have never seen a country with so many talents as here , " he says . "  If you put these guys in Manchester United and Barcelona , they would be great player -LSB- s -RSB- . The problem is to be a great player you need good food and a good environment . Here is nothing . " On the morning of the match the country 's president Michel Martelly , a former singer known as "  Sweet Micky " , arrives to meet the players . He shakes each by the hand , presents them with a flag and sings the national anthem together . "  I believe there 's a new movement . There 's a new will to show a new face of Haiti , " he says . "  Haiti is ready to show that new face . In the past we talk about our problems and issues . But today is a chance to prove that today Haiti can be a great nation and can be victorious . I could n't express in words what Haiti would be like if ... when , not if , we qualify for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . " As kick off approaches 10,000 Haitians , maybe more , try and fail to crush through the single open door into the stadium at the same time . A police blockade had been thrown around the stadium . Creole rap music is played at ear-splitting level . The crowd push forward in the hope of getting in , the police use shields and clubs to beat them back . It 's chaos , but such is the passion for football in Haiti , that a match against a tiny team like the U.S. Virgin Islands brings the country to a standstill . "  I am very happy , we will have our victory . This will be a victory for all of Haiti , " explains Johnny , a 28-year-old engineer and translator waiting in line behind the crowd , which had by now threatened to get out of control . But then the rain comes , just in time to dampen the anger as the fans run to take cover . "  Life is very hard here , " Johnny adds . "  With God everything is possible . But this is the reason why football can change something . I hope Haiti scores ten goals . " Haiti tear the U.S. Virgin Islands apart . Six goals are scored , the post is hit three times , sending the crowd delirious . Ceus is a virtual spectator until the final whistle . "  I did touch the ball once , " he says with a wink as he comes off the pitch . "  But not with my hands . " There is a long way to go . Tougher tests lie ahead . On Tuesday they play Curacao . Next , perhaps Jamaica or Mexico or the dream ticket : USA . But , for now , Les Grenadiers brought something to Haiti that has been in short supply for so long : hope . "  I feel so happy to see what happened in the country and to see all the Haitians come to the game . It was incredible , " says James Marcelin , the Portland Timbers player who scored in the rout . "  We only have one thing left , and that 's football . You can play and all the world is watching you . The flag can fly everywhere because of football . It 's the one thing that people live for now . "	Haiti prepare for the 2014 World Cup qualifier against minnows U.S. Virgin Islands Country 's first home match since 300 , 000 people were killed in a 7.0 earthquake The earthquake leveled the Haitian Football Federation 's headquarters killing more than 30 of its staff
CNN  -- Investigators now say that , according to automated electronic connections attempts by the ACARS data reporting system of Malaysia Flight 370 , the airplane flew far to the west , in an entirely different direction than it should have been heading as per its original flight-planned route , which was to the north . The 90-degree turn to the west might have been purely random if entered by a nonpilot or inexpert pilot who knew simply how to turn a single knob  called the heading bug  that could command the autopilot to make a turn to a new heading  or direction  . There is strong evidence that this is not what happened . Investigators now believe , according to news reports , that after its transponder and ACARS radio were turned off , turns were initiated at GPS waypoints . These waypoints are essentially virtual checkpoints in the sky , defining markers charted by airspace regulators that create pathways in the air that airplanes follow to keep safely separated from each other . The waypoints are defined by an exact latitude and longitude and can be located by a number of the airplane 's various navigators , including GPS . If the reports of the flight path are true , it is not a route that could happen by accident . There are two ways the 777-200 could have flown on this path . After passing one waypoint , it could have been directed to fly to the next waypoint by a pilot turning the heading knob toward that exact place , a process that would require some piloting expertise . This would be very unusual , and a novice or pilot without much flying experience on this plane would not know to make these kinds of inputs or have any conceivable reason to do so . The almost certain explanation would be that these waypoints were programmed into the flight management system of the 777-200 , a task that would have been beyond the abilities of anyone but a professional pilot . The autopilot follows the course put into the flight management system by the pilots . That is , when the autopilot is not being manually controlled instead . The manual control part is easy . You turn a knob and the airplane goes where you ask it to . The flight management system part is very complicated . I am a commercial pilot , and I have done some training on the Boeing 777 . Even after a few hours of professional instruction I would have been unable to program the flight management system to command the autopilot to fly the flight plan that Flight 370 reportedly flew . This leaves us with one of two possible conclusions . Either the flight was commandeered by a group with at least one professionally trained pilot among them or one of the pilots in control programmed the new off-route flight plan into the flight management system . The latter would be far more likely . When terrorists hijacked the airplanes that were flown into the World Trade Center towers and the Pentagon , they flew the airplanes by hand and those hijackers had trained for months with that exact mission in mind . In the case of Flight 370 , it would almost certainly have remained on autopilot , which would have dutifully followed the flight plan in the flight management system . That flight plan was quite possibly entered for some mysterious reason by a trained pilot . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Goyer .	Robert Goyer : New clues suggest that Flight 370 did n't change course randomly Goyer : Only a professional pilot can program specific route pathways He believes that whoever altered the flight path was someone with expertise
Rome  CNN  -- At least one girl has died and half a dozen are injured following a bomb blast outside a school in the southern Italian city of Brindisi , Italian officials said Saturday . Officials have given conflicting accounts of the number killed and injured . Daniela Buccoliero , an official at the Prefecture of Brindisi , a local office of the Interior Ministry , told CNN one 16-year-old girl had died and another six students are injured , two of them seriously . Brindisi Mayor Mimmo Consales and Fabiano Amati , regional minister for Italy 's Civil Protection agency , said there had been two deaths as a result of the blast . Amati said the scene shortly after the explosion was "  dramatic . " "  There were school back packs and notebooks everywhere . Many windows of the nearby buildings were broken , " he told CNN . Amati said the police had found three gas cylinders at the site that were detonated with a remote control . The device was concealed behind a trash can by a wall 50 meters from the entrance of the school , he said . "  It 's an attack on all Italians because schools are considered a secure area , " Amati said . "  It 's the first time in our country that a school is under attack . " Consales told CNN one of the girls had died in surgery from the wounds she sustained in the blast . Another of the injured is in very serious condition , he said . Italy 's Prime Minister Mario Monti said the government was determined to combat crime and unite the country . He expressed the government 's "  deep sorrow , dismay and outrage " at what he called a "  most grave and heinous crime " in a statement from the United States , where he is attending the G8 summit . Monti was informed of the blast during the night , and has been in close contact with Italy 's president , interior minister and other local authorities since . He has ordered the country 's flag to be displayed at half-staff Saturday and for the next three days , and sent a message of condolence to those directly affected by the blast . Italians gathered in front of the Pantheon in Rome and at Plebiscito square in Naples late Saturday to protest the violence and to show support for its victims . Three days of mourning were declared in Brindisi , where schools will be closed through Tuesday . The explosion occurred early Saturday as students were arriving at the school , which offers vocational training , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported . It is not yet clear why the school was targeted or who carried out the attack . Police chief Francesco Cirillo told CNN that the motive is under investigation and that no one has claimed responsibility . Nichi Vendola , governor of the Puglia region where Brindisi is situated , said : "  It could be either a mafia or a political terrorism attack . It 's too early to say . It 's an unprecedented event . " The Francesca Morvillo Falcone school is named after the wife of a prominent anti-mafia judge , which has fueled speculation that the organized crime group might be behind it . It has been 20 years since Falcone was assassinated in Palermo , Sicily , in May 1992 . The school is located near both the tribunal and the city 's tax collection agency . Italy 's tax collection agencies , called Equitalia , have been targeted by mail bombs , Molotov cocktails and suicides in front of their offices in recent months , with the incidents occurring in the cities of Rome , Livorno and Bologna , respectively . Italy 's interior ministry said this week that it would start to deploy soldiers outside some government buildings because of the current tensions . The local anti-racket commission of Mesagne , a town in Brindisi province , issued a warning last week of heightened threats by both organized crime groups and anarchists against government agencies . An anti-mafia march that scheduled for Sunday will go ahead as scheduled . Journalists Livia Borghese and Barbie Nadeau and CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : Italians gather in Rome , Naples to protest the violence Prime Minister Mario Monti says the government is determined to fight crime Six students are injured , two of them seriously , a government official says It is not yet clear who is responsible or why the school was targeted
CNN  -- A motorcycle competitor has died the first stage of this year 's Dakar Rally in Argentina Sunday . Jorge Martinez Boero was only two kilometers from the finish of the 57km special from Mar del Plata to Santa Rosa when he came off his Beta bike with tragic results . Organizers said the 38-year-old from Argentina , who was taking part in the annual event for the second time , suffered a cardiac arrest after his fall . He was treated by medical staff within five minutes of the accident , but died on the way to hospital . In a statement on the official website of the endurance rally , organizers sent their "  heartfelt condolences to his family and loved one 's . " Boero 's death was the 21st involving a competitor during the event , which was started in 1979 as the Paris-Dakar rally . It finished in the Senegal capital for 29 times until the organizers brought the event to South America in 2009 . This year 's event covers 9,000 kilometers and takes in Argentina , Peru and Chile . Cars , motorcycles and trucks compete in their various categories over a series of grueling special stages on difficult terrain . Chilean Francisco Lopez won the opening stage of the motorbike section as the Aprilia rider covered the 57km course in 32 minutes 37seconds . Russia 's Leonid Novitzkiy took first in the cars section in a Mini , with NASCAR star Robby Gordon in fifth place in his Hummer .	Motorcyclist killed on first stage of Dakar Rally Argentine competitor Jorge Martinez Boero dies after fall Organizers say he suffered a cardiac arrest Boero 21st competitor to die on the rally since 1979
CNN  -- On April 15 , the Boston Red Sox won an early-season game at Fenway Park in dramatic , walk-off fashion in the bottom of the ninth inning . About 30 minutes later , that win -- and baseball in general -- ceased to matter ; the Boston Marathon -- a sports-crazed city 's most exalted annual sporting event -- had just been bombed by terrorists . Nearly six months to the day later , the Red Sox needed some Game 2 inspiration after an uninspired performance against the Detroit Tigers in Game 1 of the American League Championship Series . They only needed to look to the pre-game ceremonies Sunday night , when 7-year-old Jane Richard stood on her new prosthetic leg before a sellout crowd and poignantly sang the National Anthem . Singing in front of nearly 40,000 people made her strong , but the circumstances that brought her there made her Boston Strong . Jane , who lives in the city 's Dorchester neighborhood , did n't just lose her leg in the Boston Marathon terror attacks . She lost her big brother , 8-year-old Martin , as well . She underwent 12 surgeries and spent months recovering in Boston hospitals . When she was finally discharged , the Richard family issued an update that coincided with the bombing 's four-month mark . "  Jane continues to be an incredible source of inspiration -- and exhaustion , " the August 15 statement read . "  The loss of her leg has not slowed her one bit , or deterred her in any way . " Fenway Park is barely a David Ortiz home run away from the marathon 's finish line in Copley Square where the bombs went off and changed the city forever . On Sunday night in Fenway Park , Ortiz hit a late-inning home run to tie a game that the Red Sox would later win in dramatic , walk-off fashion in the bottom of the ninth inning . On Sunday night in Fenway Park , that win mattered . On Sunday night in Fenway Park , baseball mattered again .	Jane Richard lost her leg in the Boston Marathon bombings Her brother Martin , 8 , was killed in the April attacks The 7-year-old sang the national anthem at Sunday 's Red Sox game
CNN  -- Gunfire and shelling rang out across Syria 's coastal city of Latakia early Tuesday amid reports of Palestinian refugees fleeing a restive and impoverished enclave there . At least five people died on Tuesday , according to a resident who requested anonymity for safety reasons , and the city remained under siege amid a military offensive against protesters . The humanitarian situation deteriorated amid the government 's offensive in the city . Shops and bakeries were closed , and at least two mosques were damaged . The gunfire could be heard "  all night and morning , " the witness said . "  This is the fourth day that we do not have electricity or water . Landline phone connections have been down most of the day , " he said by satellite phone . Snipers perched atop various locations in the city 's al-Ramel neighborhood , the site of a Palestinian refugee camp , he said . Demonstrations have taken place in the Ramel area every day since the Syrian uprising began five months ago , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The LCC , a network of opposition activists , said the area 's lack of basic urban services could be a reason why those in Ramel are angry at the Syrian government . "  The tragedy of  Ramel  has not stopped since yesterday , " the LCC said in a statement Tuesday . The refugee camp normally holds 10,000 people , but reports have surfaced of many people fleeing violence there . The resident said a large portion of the Ramel area has been evacuated . The U.N. Relief and Works Agency , which provides assistance for Palestinian refugees across the Middle East , has expressed alarm over reports of heavy gunfire from Syrian security forces into the refugee camp and other areas . "  Reports from various sources indicate deaths and casualties among the Palestinian refugee population , although poor communications make it impossible to confirm the exact number of dead and injured , " it said in its latest statement . Christopher Gunness , UNRWA spokesman , said refugees in Latakia had been asked to leave by the Syrian security forces . He said some left on their own because they were afraid for their lives . "  We are asking the Syrian government for immediate access to the Palestinians , as their well-being is our responsibility , " Gunness told CNN . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said security forces entered the city only to protect its residents from armed gangs . The Syrian government vehemently denied reports that more than 5,000 Palestinians fled the refugee camp in the area after it came under fire from Syrian security forces . It also reported Tuesday that reports of shelling by the navy on Ramel are "  completely untrue . " A video posted on YouTube Monday purportedly shows a dead girl who was shot in the eye as her father drove by a security checkpoint in Latakia . Rami Abdul-Rahman of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an activist group , said the girl and her parents were trying to flee in a car . The father was shot in the shoulder and the mother was lightly injured . Bloodshed in the country has persisted since a government crackdown on anti-government protesters started in mid-March . The LCC said at least 2,545 people have died . The vast majority were civilians , and 391 were security personnel , the LCC said . The strong security reaction to demonstrators calling for political changes has spurred outrage among world powers , like the United States , and among Syria 's neighbors , such as Jordan and Turkey . CNN can not independently verify opposition or government claims because Syria has restricted international journalists from reporting inside the country . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	NEW : Resident : At least five people have died on Tuesday NEW : U.N. concerned over reports of security fire into Palestinian camp Syria 's government-run media denounces international reports as untrue More than 2,500 people have died since the uprising began , opposition activists say
CNN  -- A suicide bombing "  mastermind " in the Pakistan Taliban has been gunned down and killed in the country 's northeastern tribal region , just days after a major faction in the militant group announced it was breaking away over ideological differences . Gunmen riding in a car attacked Ashiqullah Mehsud , a senior commander in the leadership of the group known formally as the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan  TTP  , in the village of Urmuz in North Waziristan on Thursday before speeding off , sources told CNN . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack , while the TTP has yet to issue a statement . Mehsud was viewed as a successor to Qari Hussain Mehsud , the militant group 's explosives expert whose notoriety includes allegedly recruiting children as suicide bombers . Deadly infighting Pakistani intelligence sources believe the incident is the result of internal rivalries between TTP factions . The Pakistan Taliban has been beset with months of deadly infighting , culminating in an announcement early this month by the group 's Mehsud faction that it would be going its own way after failing to convince the leadership to give up what it said were "  un-Islamic " practices , such as attacks in public places , extortion and kidnappings . It 's the first split since the TTP -- a coalition of militant groups -- was founded in 2007 , seeking to establish its version of sharia law across Pakistan . Tensions within the TTP escalated after the group 's leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , was killed in a U.S. drone strike in November last year , setting off a power struggle among top commanders of the TTP that led to violent clashes in which dozens of people were killed . Appointed by a tribal council , Mullah Fazlullah has stood at the helm of the TPP since Mehsud 's death . He hails from the country 's Swat valley and is the first TTP leader who is not a Mehsud . He has struggled to contain the internal frictions among the group 's factions , especially those within the Mehsud tribe , which makes up the majority of the TTP . In a statement released last month , Azam Tariq , a spokesman for the breakaway Mehsuds , said the TTP leadership had "  fallen into the hands of a bunch of conspirators ... involved in criminal activities like robbery and extortion . " Zahir Shah Sherazi in Peshawar contributed to this report .	Ashiqullah Mehsud was a key figure and trainer of suicide bombers in the group His execution comes amid deadly infighting between factions with Pakistan Taliban No group has claimed responsibility for the attack in the North Waziristan
CNN  -- Car giant BMW is shifting up a gear in its efforts to tap Africa 's emerging middle class . Bodo Donauer , managing director of BMW South Africa , said the auto manufacturer sells one out of three premium cars in the country . He now wants the company to replicate the successful South African model in other parts of the continent . "  We clearly see that there is a growing middle class coming through in Africa and that there is a lot of interest in development and we assume that the middle class as we have seen it in South Africa is growing and there is purchasing power and there is a demand for our cars as well , " he told CNN 's Robyn Curnow . Last week , BMW unveiled plans to increase the production capacity at its Pretoria-based Rosslyn plant , the company 's first production facility outside Germany , built in 1973 . The move is expected to enable BMW to double its exports from the country -- Donauer says that 80 % of the cars produced at the plant are exported to countries across the world . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : What is it about South Africa that you find good and what are the challenges of working in this country ? Bodo Donauer : We are proud to have a plant here in South Africa which is a member of the BMW Group production network and we are proud that we are able to deliver the same quality . Certainly there are always challenges , there are challenges all around the whole world and if you talk in South Africa about challenges , it 's a skills issue , it 's the supplier base , it 's education of the people , it 's logistics and everything but so far we were able to deal with this and to overcome this and we have a successful future ahead as we are planning to double the production volume in this plant . CNN : Logistics -- getting the cars out -- how difficult is it , particularly with a port like Durban for example ? See also : Long delays at Africa 's busiest port BD : It 's a challenge , especially if you 're talking about the Durban port , if you have the lowest efficiency and the highest prices for your port operation it 's not a good position to be in . So , South Africa needs to change this and there have been measures taken at least to talk about and to bring it forward . We need efficient ports but we just do not need Durban alone -- I would say we need in sub-Saharan Africa sufficient ports , we need to have one in Mozambique , maybe in Angola and we need to have an infrastructure which links these ports to each other -- it 's all about proper infrastructure in order to get production volumes which are increasing out of the country to our customers . Read also : IMF chief calls for job creation in Africa CNN : Do you think that 's a huge failure of South Africa in particular ? BD : It is at least a weakness which we definitely have but in favor of South Africa 's weakness -LSB- is that it -RSB- has been mentioned ...  that  certain improvements will be done and I trust that this will come through . CNN : From your point of view , has this been one of the things that has kept you awake at night , how to get the cars of this country ? BD : Yes , we have fantastic cars , we produce them with the right quality and we should have a very smooth process in a combination between transit and the port operation to get them out as quickly as possible and this is what we 're working for . CNN : How has the euro crisis impacted the BMW Group globally ? BD : We have not been affected directly , it 's more a financial crisis than an industrial crisis . It 's very important that we have a successful euro and from a German point of view -- talking for a German-based company with a lot of international operations -- it 's very important , as we are a big exporter , to have a common currency . Read also : Underwater cables bring faster internet to West Africa CNN : The cars built in BMW 's South African plant are exported across the world . BD : The majority of the cars , 80 per cent to be exact , is exported around the world -- main markets are the NAFTA states , Japan , Australia , Korea , Hong Kong , all these kind of countries . CNN : And Africa ? BD : We sell through the whole African continent , I think 33,000 or 35,000 cars , the majority of this certainly in South Africa at the moment . In South Africa we are clearly the leader in the premium car segment , one out of three premium cars is a BMW . Yes , it 's different if we go north in Africa because we are not selling so many cars over there -- we have a huge market in Egypt and we have importers who sell our cars through Africa , but what we do now  is  we try to use the model which we have used in South Africa to increase our footprint . CNN : Why are you taking this decision now ? BD : It 's that we clearly see that there is a growing middle class coming through in Africa and that there is a lot of interest in development and we assume that the middle class as we have seen it in South Africa is growing and there is purchasing power and there is a demand for our cars as well . Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report	Bodo Donauer is the managing director of BMW South Africa He speaks about the challenges of operating a major export business out of South Africa Donauer gives his assessment over the impact of the eurozone crisis on the sector .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British-led military operation meant to clear the Taliban from parts of Afghanistan has succeeded , UK officials said Monday . A file image shows a British Royal Marine sniper team on an operation in Afghanistan . NATO and its Afghan allies launched Operation Panther 's Claw to flush the Taliban from parts of southern Helmand Province before Afghan presidential elections next month . Major fighting is mostly over , and the military will now focus on "  holding " the areas that have been cleared of Taliban so they do not return , Lt. Gen. Simon Mayall said in a briefing . The operation 's success will enable up to 80,000 people in Helmand to vote . "  Panther 's Claw has been extremely successful , " said Brigadier Tim Radford , the top British military commander for the operation . "  There will be many Taliban who will not be fighting any more . " He said the Taliban suffered "  significant casualties , " but refused to say how many . Nine British troops were killed in action in the operation , he said , and there were three Afghan civilian casualties . Radford estimated that there were 450 to 500 Taliban fighters in the area at the time of the operation , which he called "  one of the biggest that has taken place . " The British gave several weeks ' warning that they were planning to attack , he said , both to exert psychological pressure on the Taliban and to give civilians a chance to flee . As a result , "  quite a few Taliban managed to get away , " Radford said . "  They will always get away and they will always come back in . " Mayall , the deputy chief of the British Defence Staff for Operations , said the challenge now was to convince local people that the Afghan government and its allies could protect them from the Taliban . The Taliban "  are going to assume that we are going to lose interest and move on , " he said . But they are wrong , he said . NATO forces were going to "  stay in Afghanistan for a very long time , " he said , adding that active NATO-led fighting should "  tail off " as Afghan security forces develop the ability to fight the Taliban themselves . The counter-insurgency strategy of clearing and holding an area to allow for development of infrastructure and the rule of law echoes the coalition forces ' plan in Iraq . Panther 's Claw focused on the area around the town of Babaji in Helmand Province . The operation mirrored a similar operation by U.S. Marines in the area . At least 20 British troops have been killed in Afghanistan this month , sparking intense debate in Britain about the country 's military role there . The British-led operation involved about 3,000 troops -- mostly from the British military but also with Afghan , Danish and Estonian forces , the British Ministry of Defence said in a written statement . The operation started in mid-June with an air assault along a canal about 16 kilometers  10 miles  north of the city of Lashkar Gah , the ministry said . British-led forces attacked from three different directions over the next three weeks , essentially creating a "  gated community " where Taliban insurgents could not get in or out , Radford said . Major fighting ended July 20 , he said .	Major fighting in Operation Panther 's Claw over , British military says Operation aimed at clearing Taliban from southern Afghanistan 's Helmand At least 20 British troops have been killed in past month
CNN  -- Just hours after fatally shooting 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , George Zimmerman told police investigators the shooting followed a life-and-death struggle in which the teen told him , "  You 're going to die tonight . " Read the written statement from Zimmerman to police about what happened  PDF The audio of the February 26 interviews , made public late Wednesday , is part of discovery items released by Zimmerman 's defense team . The recordings represent the first time Zimmerman is heard giving his account in his own words . Also released were audio and video showing the techniques used by the police department in the investigation : interviews conducted in the days after the shooting , a video of a voice stress test administered to Zimmerman by police and his videotaped re-enactment of the incident for authorities . Zimmerman , 28 , is charged with second-degree murder in Martin 's February 26 shooting death . Zimmerman has said he shot Martin in self-defense , but Martin 's family and civil rights activists across the country said Zimmerman , who is white and Hispanic , racially profiled Martin and ignored a 911 dispatcher 's advice not to follow him . In an interview just after the shooting , Zimmerman told police that the struggle began when Martin "  jumped out from the bushes " and punched him in the face , knocking him down . "  I started screaming for help . I could n't see . I could n't breathe , " he said . "  He grabbed my head and started hitting it into the sidewalk , " he said . "  When he started doing that , I slid into the grass to try to get out from under him . ... I 'm still yelling for help . " Sanford police chief fired in wake of Trayvon Martin case Martin , he said , put his hand over Zimmerman 's mouth and nose and told him , "  You 're going to die tonight . " "  When I slid , my jacket and my shirt came up . ... I felt his hand go down my side , and I thought he was going for my firearm , so I grabbed it immediately , and as he banged my head again , I just pulled out my firearm and shot him . " When he did , he said , Martin , who had been on top of him , fell away and said , "  All right . You got it . You got it . " In another interview , he noted Martin might have said , "  You got me . " More evidence to be released in Trayvon Martin case , judge rules Zimmerman said in the audio interviews that he was driving to the grocery store that evening when he saw Martin walking in his neighborhood . He said he pulled over and called a police nonemergency number "  to report a suspicious person . " He noted that there had been some burglaries in the area , prompting him to start a neighborhood watch program . He said he had never seen Martin before and thought it odd that although it was raining , "  he was just walking casually , not like he was trying to get out of the rain . " In another police interview on February 29 , three days after the shooting , Zimmerman told Sanford , Florida , homicide investigator Chris Serino he also felt the youth was suspicious because he stopped in front of a home Zimmerman had previously called about , a home that was broken into after his reporting another suspicious person . "  Had this person been white , would you have felt the same way ? " Serino asked . "  Yes , " Zimmerman replied . Prosecutors : Jail phone transcripts show Zimmerman , wife talking in code As he spoke to the dispatcher , he told police Martin circled his vehicle , but he could not hear whether Martin said anything because his windows were up and he was on the phone . Afterward , he said , he "  lost visual of  Martin  . " At the same time , he said the dispatcher asked him his location . He said he was n't sure of the name of the street he was on and got out of the vehicle to look for a street sign or an address on a home . The dispatcher asked him if he was following Martin , he said , and he replied that he was "  trying to find out where he went . " The dispatcher told him , "  We do n't need you to do that , " noting an officer was en route , he said . Zimmerman said he was heading back to the vehicle when Martin jumped out , asking him , "  What the f *** 's your problem ? " He said he told Martin , "  I do n't have a problem , " but the youth replied , "  Now you have a problem , " and attacked him . He said he fell backward after being punched in the nose , and "  he was whaling on my head . " Zimmerman told police he yelled for help repeatedly and heard one man say he was going to call 911 . "  I screamed ` Help me ' probably 50 times , as loud as I could , " he said . Timeline of events in Trayvon Martin case In a written statement Zimmerman gave to police , also released late Wednesday , Zimmerman said Martin told him to "  shut the f *** up " during the struggle . "  Each time I attempted to sit up , the suspect slammed my head into the sidewalk , " he wrote . "  My head felt like it was going to explode . " He wrote he felt Martin "  reach for my now-exposed firearm " as the teen threatened his life and cursed at him . A collection of public documents in Trayvon Martin shooting During the videotaped voice stress test , he seemed to suggest that he was n't sure he had hit Martin when he fired his gun , saying that he "  thought that he heard the shot and he was giving up " and that he pushed Martin off of him . "  Either way , I ended up on top of him , straddling him , " he said , but he claimed he "  felt like  Martin  was hitting me with something in his hands " so he grabbed the youth 's hands to restrain him . Martin was saying something like "  ah , ah , " and cursing , Zimmerman said , and he told him , "  Stop . Do n't move . " Before the voice stress test begins , Zimmerman discusses health insurance with a police officer and mentions he visited the doctor and the psychologist that day . "  I think the psychologist is when it hit me the hardest , " he said . However , in a February 29 interview , Serino expresses some doubt about Zimmerman 's account , noting that many questions remain about the incident . "  The court of public opinion is going to beat up on you a lot , " Serino said . "  A lot of people do n't think that your injuries are consistent with getting into a life-threatening type thing . " Martin , Serino said , "  has no criminal record whatsoever . Good kid . Mild-mannered kid . " In his possession , Serino said , "  we found a can of iced tea and a bag of Skittles and about $ 40 in cash . Not a goon . " He tells Zimmerman he has received an anonymous phone call "  from somebody who gave a different version of events ... more along the lines that you tried to detain him , " and recounting an argument prior to the shooting . "  You got any problems with black people ? " Serino asked Zimmerman , who replied , "  No , sir . " Serino told Zimmerman authorities ca n't figure out what would have made Martin "  snap . " Zimmerman said he did n't know what might have enraged the teen . And the investigator expresses doubt that Zimmerman , who had lived in the neighborhood for three years and described himself as head of the neighborhood watch , did not know the names of the three streets in the subdivision . "  To be honest with you , I have a bad memory anyway , " Zimmerman said , adding that he has attention-deficit  hyperactivity  disorder and takes medication for it . CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	George Zimmerman tells police he was attacked by Trayvon Martin He says Martin "  jumped out from the bushes " and punched him The audio and video interviews shed light on Zimmerman 's account of the shooting
CNN  -- It would take you almost five solid months -- without sleeping or bathroom breaks -- to watch every sporting event at this year 's Summer Olympics . More than 3,500 hours of competition from London will be crammed into just 17 days . In the past , people had to settle for watching the delayed , edited bits broadcast on TV or websites , but technology and viewing habits have changed . This year , 40 % of people plan to follow the games on more than one device , with 35 % checking in on their tablets and 27 % using their smartphone , according to a new study by Harris Interactive . Fans asked to tweet from Olympics only if it 's ` urgent ' So what are the best ways for today 's mobile , multiple-screen owning , Twitter-loving generation to follow the Olympics Ã la carte ? We offer these five : Live streaming , with a catch First , the good news : It 's finally possible to stream any Olympic event live online , on a tablet or from your smartphone . After years of tape-delayed broadcasts and online video , NBC has caught on that viewers want to follow the Olympics on multiple devices in real time , and is offering the live options in addition to its regular television programming . The bad news is that anyone in the U.S. who wants to enjoy live streaming of the games needs to have a current cable , satellite or telco TV subscription that includes MSNBC and CNBC  for some areas this may mean be more than just basic cable  . You will be prompted on the NBC site and in NBC apps to choose your provider from a list and log in with your official username and password in order to access any live streams . Cord cutters -- those who have canceled their cable and primarily watch TV online through services like Hulu and Netflix -- are out of luck , however . They can sign up for cable and cancel after the games are over , but there 's no one-time payment option just to access live streaming . NBC wants mobile and online options to complement the TV coverage , not replace it . NBC , which is owned by the largest cable provider in the United States , Comcast , paid $ 1.18 billion for the rights to this year 's Olympics . The network makes a good portion of that amount back on television advertising , which still generates more revenue than online ads . Online The Internet portal for all video in the U.S. is NBCOlympics.com . On the main video page , anyone can view the select clips that NBC posts after watching a short ad . These clips are a combination of highlights from events , interviews , profiles , and peeks behind the scenes . Sort by your sport of choice or type of video . How to avoid Olympics spoilers The site is also providing live streams of any sport to cable , satellite or telco TV subscribers . Called LiveExtra , the service will live stream some Olympic trials and every single Olympic sport . You can watch online or through the complimentary app . It 's the only option for live streaming in the U.S. Though hosted through YouTube , all of the videos on the NBCOlympics are in Flash . To view them on iPhones , iPads or other mobile devices , go to the mobile version of the site , m.nbcolympics.com . You can also download one of the official apps to watch official NBC Olympic video on your iOS or Android device . For the first time , the International Olympic Committee  IOC  will live stream 11 high-definition channels simultaneously over YouTube for 64 territories in Asia and Africa that do n't have broadcast deals , but those streams will not be accessible outside of those countries . Foreign news websites such as the BBC will also have videos , but again , most will be blocked for U.S. viewers . Mobile apps NBC created two official apps for Android and Apple mobile devices , NBC Olympics and NBC Olympics Live Extra , and both are free to download . NBC Olympics has no live video , but tons of content that can be enjoyed by anyone for free , including news , results , video highlights , and the intriguing-sounding Twitter heat map . NBC Olympics Live Extra app is a mobile version of its LiveExtra online service and requires a cable , satellite or telco subscription . View any event live , watch replays of the ones you missed , and check out medal ceremonies and alternative camera views . Look over the in-app schedule and set up notifications for the events you do n't want to miss .  Avid streamers should be careful not to go over their monthly data limits . There are two official apps for the London 2012 Olympics , and they 're available for a mix of platforms including iOS , Android , BlackBerry and Windows Phone 7 . Official London 2012 : Results App has live updates of results , as well as schedules , news , background on sports and athlete profiles . You can follow specific countries and set up custom alerts . The second app , Official London 2012 : Join In App , is more for people attending the games , and has schedules and locations for the various Olympic-related festivities going on in London . The free BBC Olympic iOS and Android app will have a steady stream of quality Olympics news , including a running tally of medals won and live reporting from the BBC journalists attending events . Social media and news Perhaps you have no interest in seeing your favorite diver 's perfectly executed reverse 3 1/2 somersault tuck . You just want to know who got the gold as soon as it happens . Individual sports have official , automated Twitter feeds that will tweet out the results as they happen . You can narrow it down to just the events you 're interested in and follow those feeds  say @L2012Trampoline or @L2012Judo  , or keep an eye on all of them at once by following the London 2012 official Twitter list of automated feeds . The official London 2012 feed is @London2012 . Twitter takes the Olympic gold for speed This year a lot of the fun will be following the athletes themselves . You can look up your favorites or follow this list of verified Olympic athlete Twitter accounts , the London 2012 list of Olympians or find a list just for your preferred sport of team , like Team USA . If you want more color , find a hashtag for the event you 're interested in to get live tweets of the excitement as it happens from attendees and journalists . There 's also an official London 2012 Facebook page you can like to get updates . And of course , there are old-fashioned news sites and blogs filled with words and pictures . There are 21,000 journalists in London covering the Olympics  outnumbering the 10,500 athletes competing  . With all the content online , on TV and on social media , keeping up with the Olympics wo n't be nearly as much of a challenge as avoiding spoilers . Television Oh right , there 's TV , too . If you have cable , you can catch NBC 's coverage scattered across a number of its channels : NBC , NBC Sports Network , MSNBC , CNBC , Bravo and Telemundo . Check the schedule for your location , sorted by time or sport , at the NBC Olympics site . If you do n't have cable , you can still tune into NBC over the air for nearly round-the-clock coverage , including the four-hour prime-time broadcast that will show the most popular events mixed in with the usual profiles and athlete interviews . The channel will broadcast a total of 217 hours of Olympic coverage . Opinion : Is it really #NBCfail ?	This is the first year the Olympic games will be available as live streams in the U.S. The events can be watched on TV , computers , tablets and smartphones Only cable , satellite and telco TV subscribers will be able to watch live streams
CNN  Happiness is n't the only contagious thing at Disneyland in California . There 's an outbreak of measles linked to the theme park , and one of California 's top public health officials recommended that children under 12 months and people who 've never had a measles vaccination stay away from the park while the disease event continues . Dr. Gil Chavez , deputy director of the state 's Center for Infectious Diseases , noted at a Wednesday news conference that Disneyland would be "  perfectly safe " if you 've been immunized . When asked for a response , Suzi Brown of Disney media relations said , "  We agree with Dr. Chavez 's comments that it is safe to visit Disneyland if you have been vaccinated . " Forty-two of the state 's 59 measles cases since December can be linked to initial exposure at Disneyland and the adjacent Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim , California Department of Public Health officials said . In addition , nine other cases from people living outside of California were linked to Disneyland , authorities said . The people in those cases live in Utah , Washington state , Oregon , Arizona and the country of Mexico , authorities said . The most recently reported case outside of California was in Arizona . A woman in her 50s who visited Disneyland in mid-December came down with measles but has since recovered , the Maricopa County Department of Public Health said in a statement Thursday . Since Friday , California 's public health department had been saying the disease linked to Disney was over . But on Wednesday , Kathleen Harriman , chief of the Vaccine Preventable Epidemiology Section for the state public health department , said the most recent case was diagnosed , in a park employee , on Sunday . This outbreak , health officials said Wednesday , is ongoing . Measles is a respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , the CDC said . The disease outbreak apparently surfaced when visitors reported coming down with measles after visiting the park December 15-20 . For the most part , it spreads among those who have not been vaccinated against the virus . Overall , 82 % of those infected in this outbreak were not vaccinated , either because they 're too young or because they elected not to be , officials said . Opinion : Heed the lesson from Disneyland measles outbreak On Tuesday , Disney said five Disney employees had been diagnosed with measles , three of whom have fully recovered . After Orange County health officials notified Disneyland of the measles cases on January 7 , "  we immediately began to communicate to our cast to raise awareness , " the theme park 's chief medical officer , Dr. Pamela Hymel , said in a statement . Disneyland refers to its employees as cast members . "  In an abundance of caution , we also offered vaccinations and immunity tests , " Disney said . "  To date , a few Cast Members have tested positive and some have been medically cleared and returned to work . Cast Members who may have come in contact with those who were positive are being tested for the virus . While awaiting results , they have been put on paid leave until medically cleared . " It 's not clear how many of the theme park employees were vaccinated . So far , five children and 13 adults have been diagnosed with measles in Orange County , according to the county health agency . One school in Huntington Beach has barred children who could not prove that they were vaccinated for measles from going to school until January 29 , according to the county health agency . Chavez said this is standard protocol for any school or childcare facility where a student has the virus . Those showing measles symptoms should n't be bashful about seeing their doctor , because a full body rash is likely to break out next . "  If you have symptoms , and believe you may have been exposed , please contact your health care provider , " said Dr. Ron Chapman , director of the state health department . Vaccination is key . "  Two doses of measles-containing vaccine  MMR vaccine  are more than 99 percent effective in preventing measles , " the health department said in a press release . "  Measles vaccines have been available in the United States since 1963 , and two doses have been recommended since 1989 . " Measles was considered eliminated in the United States in 2000 , though 2014 saw a record-breaking number of confirmed cases : 644 from 27 states , according to the CDC . Last year there was a large outbreak of 380 cases in an Ohio religious community that does n't usually vaccinate , said Dr. Mark Papania , medical epidemiologist with the CDC 's Division of Viral Diseases . That outbreak drove up the numbers for 2014 , he said . More than half of the 23 outbreaks in 2014 had five or less cases , he said . Other than Ohio , only two outbreaks had more than 20 cases . Health officials are concerned that an outbreak of more than 40 cases is occurring in the first week of January , Papania said . "  The numbers of cases seems to be increasing , " Papania said . " Last year was record high and we are already high  this year  . " 5 things to know about measles CNN 's Kevin Conlon , Debra Goldschmidt , Joshua Berlinger , Stella Chan and Michael Martinez contributed to this report	Nine Disney-linked cases spread outside California , home to 42 Disney-linked cases Disney agrees with health official that it 's OK to visit park if you 've been vaccinated Calif. official urges some people to stay away from Disneyland during measles outbreak
CNN  -- There is much debate in the world of golf as to whether four-time major winner Phil Mickelson deserves his place in the game 's Hall of Fame , but journalist David Dusek is in no doubt . The deputy editor of Golf.com has told CNN World Sport there should be no doubt Mickelson 's pedigree befits the accolade , calling the 41-year-old one of the best players of his generation . There has been criticism in some quarters that given his age , Mickelson is too young to take his place in the pantheon of greats who have graced the sport despite a 20-year top-level career . Others have pointed to the fact that , incredibly , he has never held the top spot in golf 's world rankings . Fowler finally comes of age with first PGA Tour title But Dusek disagrees and thinks the player -- known affectionately by fans as "  Lefty " -- still has a few major championships left in the tank . "  Phil absolutely deserves to be in the Hall of Fame . He 's one of the great players of his generation , " Dusek said ahead of Mickelson 's induction on Monday . "  He won four major championships in the era when one guy , namely Tiger Woods , won 14 of them . He was well seated at number two in the world for a quite a while . "  The fact that he has been a stalwart of eight Ryder Cup teams , eight Presidents Cup teams , he has 40  PGA Tour  wins -- all these numbers are Hall of Fame-worthy material . " The debate over Mickelson 's worthiness will be replicated in the coming years , according to Dusek , given that Woods reigned supreme over the game for such a long period . "  Tiger has skewed things quite a bit , " he said . "  If Tiger Woods was n't there Phil and many other players , like Ernie Els , would have won more titles . "  We 're going to run into several players now that will be Hall of Fame candidates in the next few years who were not number one in the world . "  Phil Mickelson is one of the first ones . If you look at the body of work for someone like Mickelson , he definitely gets in . The question mark will come soon . What happens with a player like Jim Furyk or Colin Montgomerie ? Bubba Watson : Golf 's new genius superstar ? "  You 're going to have to take into consideration that attaining the world number one ranking from the late 1990s through the late 2000s was going to be very difficult for anyone to do , yet they could be a fantastic golfer and Mickelson fits the bill . " Mickelson was in contention to win a fourth Masters title at Augusta last month , but fell short after a disappointing final round . However , he can still boast one PGA Tour victory this season -- at the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am back in February . Dusek believes Mickelson still has the game to challenge for more titles -- and more majors . "  Mickelson showed on the PGA Tour  at Pebble Beach  that he is capable of playing fantastic golf , " he said . "  The fact his putting has been much , much better this season than it has been for a few seasons is a great sign and certainly when he gets back to Augusta next year he could easily go for a fourth Masters . He could have won this year . "  I would not be the least bit surprised if Phil Mickelson wins another major title , possibly a few more . "	Phil Mickelson is inducted into golf 's Hall of Fame on Monday ` Lefty ' has won four major titles and 40 PGA Tour crowns in his 20-year career Mickelson has never held the world No. 1 ranking largely due to Tiger Woods ' dominance Golf expert David Dusek says Mickelson is one of the best players of his generation
London  CNN  -- Hopes that this weekend 's Japanese election will deliver a major policy shift towards delivering higher growth and inflation have given the country 's financial markets a long-overdue shot in the arm . Stock markets have rallied , up 10 % on the month to their highest levels since April . The yen , which was recently within touching distance of its post-war high , causing agony for Japan 's manufacturers , has eased to eight-month lows . And Japan 's long-term interest rates have fallen to their lowest levels since 2003 . Optimism hangs on the electoral rhetoric of LDP leader Shinzo Abe , odds-on to be Japan 's next prime minister . Exasperated by Japan 's two lost decades and persistent deflation , Abe has demanded aggressive action from Japan 's central bank , calling for it to generate 2 % inflation and do whatever necessary -- including buying an "  unlimited " amount of government bonds -- to hit that target . And harking back to days gone by , Abe has called for new budgetary stimulus too , including extra public works spending . But could an Abe-led government really snap Japan out of its seemingly interminable economic malaise ? Of course , campaigning and governing are two very different things . And , given the perilous state of Japan 's public finances , the next government will have precious little room for maneuver to boost public investment . Dangerous waters : Behind the islands dispute Indeed , it will have countless unpalatable budgetary decisions to make , not least making the social security system affordable given Japan 's rapidly aging population . So , in practice , fiscal policy is unlikely to be able to provide meaningful stimulus over the term of the next government . That means that the onus will be on monetary policy to boost growth and inflation . Following rebuttals from present Bank of Japan Governor Shirakawa , Abe recently toned down his attacks on the central bank . But the LDP manifesto maintained Abe 's commitment to a 2 % inflation target , with legislative action to be considered to force the Bank of Japan 's hand if it does not co-operate . Of course , whether an LDP-led government can amend laws related to the central bank , or will in large part depend on the election outcome . But even if Abe secures a comfortable majority in the Lower House , given its lack of control of the Upper House , it might struggle to secure the working majorities it will need in the Diet to pass legislation comfortably . Certainly , a government reliant on a number of parties to pass legislation may mean that complicated reforms to shake up the Bank of Japan are likely to remain more of a threat than a reality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Scicluna .	Former PM Shinzo Abe is campaigning on joint monetary and fiscal stimulus to end persistent deflation Abe has threatened legislative action if the Central Bank of Japan does n't commit to a 2 % inflation target Given political constraints , Abe is unlikely to secure the working majorities needed to pass such legislation , Scicluna writes
After a decade of construction and almost four years behind schedule , the Middle East 's latest airport destination began full operations earlier this week . Hamad International Airport in Doha , Qatar , will eventually occupy 29 square kilometers  roughly a third of the size of Doha city itself  and comes in at a total cost of $ 15 billion . The giant facility will have an annual capacity of 50 million passengers as well as public spaces for art exhibitions , a VIP terminal inspired by Arabian sailboats and an aquatic themed mosque . Like an increasing number of oil and gas rich cities in the region , Doha is attempting to diversify its economy to make the most of new trade and tourism opportunities . For the head of Qatar 's ambitious national carrier , the much-awaited development could n't have come soon enough . "  It gives us unlimited opportunities , " Qatar Airways CEO , Akbar al Baker told CNN . "  Doha International Airport was very congested . It was overcrowded . We could not give the standard of service we would prefer our passengers to have on the ground . " Analysts say Doha , like its Gulf neighbors , understands the power and potential of aviation to provide a stable long-term industry in the region . "  There 's a recognition by the  Qatari  government that aviation plays a wider economic role which does n't only directly support jobs , " said John Strickland , director of aviation analytics firm JLS Consulting . "  It  also  supports trade , it supports stability to develop tourism and we 've seen that that 's been done very effectively for example in Dubai , " Strickland added . Dubai opened the doors of its second airport , the mammoth Dubai World Central , just last year . There are already plans to increase annual capacity there from the 120 million agreed upon during the initial design phase to over 200 million . "  Ultimately we want to create the world 's largest airport , " said Paul Griffiths , CEO of Dubai Airports . "  The current largest airport in the world in Atlanta , Georgia , is about 89 million passengers so you can see the kind of scale and order we are looking at , " Griffiths added . In Abu Dhabi , meanwhile , construction is underway for the new Midfield Terminal Complex at Abu Dhabi International Airport . Set to open in 2017 , it will have a capacity of 30 million passengers per year alone . Such massive developments ensure competition in the region is stiff . But with so much capacity will there be enough tourism and trade to go around ? That remains to be seen , but regional airlines seem convinced and are operating to ambitious expansion schedules themselves . "  Step by step we 're opening up the U.S. but we 're also going to balance that with more cities in Southeast Asia  and  in the Middle East , " said James Hogan CEO of Abu Dhabi carrier , Etihad . According to the International Air Transport Association , Etihad and the other Middle Eastern carriers are currently gaining more passengers than any other region . In the first quarter of this year Dubai International Airport  a separate facility to Dubai World Central  became the busiest in the world with more than 18 million passengers , overtaking 16 million at London 's Heathrow . On top of this , many analysts believe the Gulf hubs -- situated just 8 hours flying time from two-thirds of the world 's population -- are well placed to tap into many new and emerging markets in Asia and Africa . "  I do n't think the big hub airports in the Gulf are particularly competing with each other , they are more competing with other parts of the world , " said John Strickland . "  The Gulf is positioned between growing markets in Asia , Africa and Latin America and the airlines who operate out of these hub airports have very long range modern aircraft . "  Many other airlines in other parts of the world are simply not equipped ... . so , these airports should be able to grow side by side , " Strickland added . If that 's the case , all that 's left is for the Gulf carriers to grab a piece of the lucrative aviation pie in the skies . See also : Answering Egypt 's economic riddle See also : Gulf looks to rival Paris as fashion capital See also : Meet the Middle East 's king of hotels	Qatar 's sparkling new airport is one of a series of ambitious aviation projects in the Gulf Countries in region looking to diversify economies to take advantage of location between east and west Middle East carriers growing faster than airlines in other regions , says IATA
CNN  -- The ex-wife of a Texas convict executed in 2004 for the deaths of his three children reaffirmed her belief in his guilt Wednesday as his relatives sought to open a new inquiry into the case . The family of Cameron Todd Willingham has asked a judge to posthumously clear his name , arguing that he was put to death based on "  junk science . " Though Willingham was executed in 2004 for killing his three daughters by setting fire to his house , subsequent investigations by outside experts have concluded that the fire that killed the girls should not have been ruled arson . Willingham 's ex-wife , Stacy Kuykendall , has kept a low profile throughout the debate over his execution . But she told reporters outside the Travis County courthouse in Austin that "  I am here to make sure that my daughters ' voices are heard . " "  Todd murdered Amber , Karmon and Kameron . He burnt them , " she said . "  He admitted he burnt them to me , and he was convicted for his crime . That is the closest to justice that my daughters will ever get . " Kuykendall spoke before an Austin judge opened a hearing into the Willingham 's family 's request for an inquiry into the execution . But inside the courtroom , prosecutors from the town of Corsicana -- where the 1991 fire took place -- forced a delay in the proceedings by challenging the impartiality of District Judge Charlie Baird and asking him to recuse himself . Baird told lawyers he will issue a decision on that request next week , said Gerry Goldstein , a lawyer representing Willingham 's stepmother , Eugenia Willingham , and cousin Patricia Cox . Goldstein pointed out that Kuykendall has told differing stories about whether her former husband ever admitted his guilt in the fatal fire , and criticized death-penalty supporters for "  parading her on the courthouse steps while they 're inside trying to stop proceedings . " "  What possible harm could there be to their side to have this aired in court ? " he asked . Also representing the family is The Innocence Project , led by nationally known defense lawyer Barry Scheck . Lowell Thompson , the district attorney for Navarro County , which includes Corsicana , did not return a phone call seeking comment Wednesday . In asking Baird to open a "  court of inquiry " into the execution , Willingham 's family argues that he was put to death for a crime "  that modern science reveals may never have been committed . " State officials failed to act on evidence of "  significant deficiencies " in the finding of arson at the heart of the case before the execution , and have "  continued to resist attempts to clear Mr. Willingham 's name , " their petition states . "  If we can get a hearing before him or any other fair judge , we 're going to go ahead , " Goldstein said . The Texas Forensic Science Commission is investigating claims that state fire marshals ruled the fatal blaze arson based on outdated or faulty science . The first of three reports to reach that conclusion was sent to Gov. Rick Perry 's office and submitted to appeals courts before Willingham 's execution , while two others were conducted after his death . "  Despite overwhelming scientific evidence , state officials have continued to demonize Mr. Willingham and defend the arson evidence on which he and others have been convicted , " the family 's petition states . The Forensic Science Commission was to hear from the author of the most recent of those reports in October 2009 . But the panel 's deliberations were put off after Perry -- who allowed the execution to go forward -- abruptly shook up the panel , spurring complaints from the Willingham family and allegations that Perry was trying to head off the potential admission that Texas had put an innocent man to death . In July , the commission found that arson investigators used flawed science but were not negligent and did not commit misconduct . A spokeswoman for the governor 's office told CNN on Tuesday that Perry , who allowed the execution to go forward , remains convinced of Willingham 's guilt . And Corsicana authorities have said that evidence beyond the testimony of state fire marshals supported Willingham 's conviction . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	"  Todd murdered Amber , Karmon and Kameron , " Stacy Kuykendall says Challenge to judge delays new effort to clear dead man 's name 3 independent reviews have criticized the case against Willingham
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- New Orleans police lined up "  like at a firing range " and fatally shot an unarmed man in the back as he fled from them in the days after Hurricane Katrina swept ashore , a witness to the shooting told CNN . It marks the first time a witness has come forward publicly with information about the shooting of Ronald Madison , a 40-year-old mentally retarded man whose death has sparked a police investigation and a grand jury probe into what happened in and around the Danziger Bridge that day . "  He just fell like he was collapsing , " Kasimir Gaston told CNN . "  Like something just wiped him out . " Gaston was one of many flood refugees living on the second floor of the Friendly Inn , a low-income motel on the city 's east side . On Sunday , September 4 , 2005 , he says he woke up and stepped onto the balcony of the motel and saw a man running , hands outstretched and being fired upon . Former officer pleads guilty in shooting Initial police accounts said that Madison reached for his waistband and turned on police , but Gaston said Madison did not appear to have a weapon and that he was running away from police "  hands out , full speed " when he was shot . Police declined CNN 's request for an interview . After the shooting last year , police said officers had responded to reported gunshots on the Danziger Bridge and that a running gunbattle ensued with six suspects . One teenager was killed near the base of the bridge and three other people were wounded , according to police reports . A police department press release from October 4 , 2005 , said Madison , described as an unidentified gunman , was "  confronted by a New Orleans Police officer . The suspect reached into his waist and turned toward the officer who fired one shot , fatally wounding him . " When asked if Madison had a gun , Gaston said , "  I did n't see any on him . " No gun was found on Madison 's body . An autopsy obtained previously by CNN and verified by the Orleans Parish Coroner said Madison suffered five gunshot wounds to his back and two in his shoulder . Gaston said he came forward now because he is still troubled by what happened . He said he decided to break his silence after watching a "  CNN Presents " documentary , "  Shoot to Kill , " about the days after Katrina hit the Gulf Coast on August 29 , 2005 . CNN has visited the room where Gaston was staying . From that balcony , it is about 100 feet to where Madison was shot and killed . The police department has said the shooting has been thoroughly investigated . But Gaston said no officer or detective approached him about what he saw . He was not asked for his name or phone number , Gaston said . Gaston said his only contact with police on that day was when officers told him not to touch Madison 's body , which was lying behind Gaston 's truck , parked in the motel entranceway . CNN has obtained a newspaper photo taken that Sunday morning that shows where the body fell . The back of a truck with a rusted trailer hitch and broken tail light can be seen in the photo . The photo appears to be Gaston 's truck , which now sits in a parking lot in Dallas , Texas , where he now lives . "  They notified me that I had two bullet holes in the passenger side , " he said . Two bullet marks can be seen at the right rear of the truck today . Mary Howell , an attorney suing New Orleans police on behalf of the dead man 's family , says there were several potential witnesses living at the Friendly Inn at the time of the shooting . She has accused police of violating procedures by failing to even write down their names . Howell said Ronald Madison and his older brother , Lance Madison , were trying to avoid the shootout between police and others that day when they ran up the Danziger Bridge , toward the other side of the Industrial Canal . Lance Madison has said a policeman pointed what looked like a rifle or shotgun at his brother and shot Ronald near the top of the bridge . Lance said he helped carry his wounded brother to the entrance of the motel and left him there while he ran for help . After being arrested , Lance was brought back to the motel where , he says , he first saw his brother was dead . Howell said police , in the chaos after Hurricane Katrina , failed to properly investigate the fatal shooting and are now trying to put everything behind them . "  There 's a lot of things that have been washed away with this hurricane , " Howell said . "  We are doing everything we can to make sure this is not one of them . " While the family of Ronald Madison presses on with its lawsuit , a grand jury in New Orleans is investigating the case . Gaston said he is willing to testify before the grand jury if it will help get to the truth . "  I 'm not trying to say nobody did this and nobody did that , " Gaston said . "  I 'm just saying what I saw and being truthful and honest about what I saw with my own eyes . "	Ronald Madison , a 40-year-old mentally retarded man , was shot on September 4 , 2005 His death sparked a police investigation In 2006 , a witness to CNN gave his accounting of the shooting He said Madison appeared unarmed and was shot in the back
CNN  -- French forces have seized a significant arms cache in northern Mali believed to have belonged to Islamist jihadist groups , including "  tons " of heavy weapons , suicide belts and equipment for improvised explosive devices , France 's defense minister said Friday . Speaking from Bamako , Mali , on Europe 1 radio , Jean-Yves Le Drian said he 'd toured the "  sanctuary of al Qaeda in Mali " and saw the radical Islamists ' arsenal sitting in caves . "  The arms were  destined to break the security of our own territory , " the minister said . French and allied forces , including Malian and Chadian troops , have made significant inroads in recent weeks combating Islamist extremist fighters . Still , fighting continues in mountainous areas in the northeastern part of the West African nation , and Le Drian said that security in the key northern city of Gao remains a concern as well . France will begin to reduce its troop levels in Mali next month in an effort to have West African forces , with the support of the United Nations , take over and maintain security in the country , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said earlier this week . When asked Friday if France 's intervention in Mali is mostly complete , Le Drian said that his country has "  accomplished a big part of the mission , but the last part is the hardest . " Beyond combing through their weapons , French forces are using DNA tests to identify some of the slain Islamist fighters , Fabius said . Those tests could establish whether Moktar Belmoktar or Abdelhamid Abou Zeid -- two men who have been major figures in al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb -- are among the dead , as has been suggested by others but not confirmed by France . French citizens among radical fighters in Mali , minister says Islamist extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . The militants banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also destroyed historic tombs and shrines . French involvement in the conflict began on January 11 , the day after militants said they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali , and were poised to advance south toward Bamako , the capital . Nearly 4,000 French soldiers are now deployed in Mali , according to the French Defense Ministry website , alongside about 6,300 troops from Chad and the African-led International Support Mission to Mali .	France 's defense minister describes seeing sizable arms caches in northern Mali The Islamist fighters ' cache were "  destined to break  France 's  security , " he adds France accomplished much of its mission , but "  hardest " part remains , he says
What do Spiderman , Al Capone 's silk boxer shorts and a waterproof hiking jacket have in common ? Spider silk is being used in pioneering research to regrow damaged bones and teeth Answer : they are all , in their own way , helping to push forward the boundaries of modern medical science . More specifically , two separate research teams in the U.S. have been using materials normally associated with clothing  and a certain arachnid superhero  to provide novel , high-tech solutions to age-old health problems . At Tufts University , Massachusetts scientists are pioneering a method of manipulating spider silk to genetically engineer new bone tissue , thus allowing them -- in theory -- to re-grow damaged bones and teeth . At Rush University , Indiana , meanwhile , a team of cardiologists are trialing a device made of Gore-Tex -- the waterproof fabric used in much outdoor clothing -- to help repair holes in the human heart . The Tufts research , headed by Professor David Kaplan of the Department of Biomedical Engineering , is focusing on ways of using silk -- or rather the constituent proteins of which silk is made -- to create a hybrid material that can then be used as a "  scaffold " on which to grow new bone and tooth cells . Why silk ? Because not only is it extremely tough -- its tensile strength is six times that of steel fibre of an equal diameter -- but also bio-compatible , meaning it does not cause an adverse reaction when introduced into the human body . "  We are playing around with silk from silk worms , " one of Kaplan 's collaborators , Professor Carole Perry of Nottingham Trent University in the UK , told CNN , "  But the bulk of our work is using fusion proteins derived from spider silk . " The science is complex -- osteogenic differentiation , chimeric proteins and novel nanocomposites are just a few of the terms involved -- but the basic idea is that , working at a molecular level , you combine elements of silk protein with those of some other protein with desirable properties to create the building blocks of an entirely new material . This material -- precisely what form it will take is as yet uncertain -- will then be used to fill a hole or a break in a bone or a tooth , acting as a "  scaffold " on which stem cells taken from elsewhere in the patient 's body can grow to form replacement tissue . Because silk is also biodegradable , the scaffold would then dissolve away over time like sutures , leaving just the new bone . "  It 's an important step in the process of trying to grow replacement body parts , " Professor Christopher Viney of the University of California , Merced -- an expert in the mechanical properties of silk -- told CNN . "  Right now if you want a replacement part you need a donor , but this sort of technology is one piece in the jigsaw of growing your own replacement . The health implications are potentially huge . " The work being carried out at Rush University is not , on the face of it , quite as scientifically ground-breaking as that of Professor Kaplan and his team . If successful , however , it could prove every bit as significant . As with Kaplan , the Rush team -- led by cardiologist Dr. Ziyad Hijazi -- is adapting an everyday material to a novel medical application . In this case the material is a variation on waterproof Gore-Tex , known as Gore-Helex . The latter has been fashioned into a minute , umbrella-shaped device -- the snappily-named Gore-Helex Septal Occluder -- that can be used to plug a Patent Foramen Ovale  PFO  , a common hole found in the upper chambers of the heart of one in five Americans . Although in itself not necessarily dangerous , a PFO can be for stroke victims . "  We are proposing that closing the hole will be more effective in preventing stroke relapse than taking medications for the rest of your life , " Dr. Hijazi told CNN . Although an Occluder-style device has already been used successfully for some years in plugging Atrial Septal Defects , another type of heart hole , these are the first official randomized trials to ascertain its effectiveness in cases of PFO . "  It comes in three different sizes , " explains Dr. Hijazi , "  Twenty , 25 and 30 mm , and is passed through an incision in the groin up through an artery into the heart , where we position it using a microscopic camera . "  The operation takes 45 minutes , the patient is awake throughout and goes home the next day . "  Given that PFOs are implicated in approximately 40 percent of strokes in the U.S. -- about 120,000 people -- this technology could make a very big difference . " Gore-Tex hearts and silk bones -- fashion will never seem quite the same again .	Everyday fabrics are being used in ground-breaking medical research A material based on silk could help regrow damaged bone tissue Silk has six times the tensile strength of steel fiber of equal diameter A device made of Gore-Tex is being used to plug holes in the heart
CARACAS , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says he would be willing to accept prisoners from the Guantanamo Bay detention center , which U.S. President Barack Obama has said he will close , the Venezuelan government said Thursday . President Obama has pledged to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Chavez also said he hopes the United States will give Cuba back the land on which the naval base is located , the government said in a news release . "  We would not have any problem receiving a human being , " the government release quoted Chavez as saying in an interview Wednesday with Al Jazeera TV . The United States obtained the Guantanamo base in 1903 , after Spain 's surrender in the Spanish-American War of 1898 . In 2002 , then-President George W. Bush opened the detention center to hold what the Bush administration categorized as enemy combatants captured in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere . U.S. officials have not said what will happen to prisoners at the camp when it closes , nor are there are any known plans for any to be sent to Venezuela . Chavez attended the second summit of South American and Arab heads of state in Qatar earlier this week . Speaking about Israel , Chavez said new Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is supported "  by the extreme right , " the government release said . "  I hope someday the Hebrew people will be liberated from that caste , " the release quoted him as saying in the 90-minute Al Jazeera interview . From Qatar , Chavez traveled to Iran , where he met with President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Thursday . Maria Carolina Gonzalez contributed to this report for CNN .	Hugo Chavez would be willing to accept Guantanamo inmates , Venezuela says Venezuelan president quoted as having no problem "  receiving a human being " No plans are known for sending inmates to Venezuela when detention center closes On Middle East trip , Chavez criticizes Israel , meets with Iranian president
CNN  -- Lawyers for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals will face off against those with SeaWorld in a Southern California federal court Monday after the animal rights group filed a lawsuit to declare that five killer whales are being held in slavery or involuntary servitude in violation of the 13th Amendment . SeaWorld has called the lawsuit a baseless publicity stunt by PETA , which is known for provocative advertisements and public demonstrations on behalf of animal rights . PETA filed the 20-page compalint in October on behalf of the whales -- Tilikum , Katina , Corky , Kasatka and Ulises . A PETA statement at the time contended that constitutional protections against slavery are not limited to humans . "  Plaintiffs were forcibly taken from their families and natural habitats , are held captive at SeaWorld San Diego and SeaWorld Orlando , denied everything that is natural to them , subjected to artificial insemination or sperm collection to breed performers for defendants ' shows , and forced to perform , all for defendants ' profit , " the lawsuit states , arguing that those conditions amount to enslavement and/or forced servitude . At the heart of the lawsuit is the question of whether a non-human entity can sue for a violation of constitutional rights . The 13th Amendment outlaws slavery and "  involuntary servitude " in the United States without any specific mention that it applies only to people . "  Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the United States , or any place subject to their jurisdiction , " the amendment 's first section states . In its statement , PETA called the lawsuit "  the first ever seeking to apply the Thirteenth Amendment to non-human animals . " The lawsuit seeks an order for the release of the whales "  from bondage " and a permanent order against holding them in slavery , as well as appointment of a legal guardian to carry out the transfer of the whales to a suitable habitat . It also seeks attorneys ' fees and costs . In a statement responding to the lawsuit , SeaWorld Parks and Entertainment said in October that the court case challenges "  the public 's right to enjoy and learn more about marine mammals . " "  This effort to extend the Thirteenth Amendment 's solemn protections beyond human beings is baseless and in many ways offensive , " the statement said . SeaWorld is "  among the world 's most respected zoological institutions , " it continues , adding that SeaWorld parks "  are fully accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums and the Alliance of Marine Mammal Parks and Aquariums " with legal permission to display marine mammals . "  PETA has once again showed that it prefers publicity stunts to the hard work of caring for , rescuing and helping animals , " the SeaWorld statement said . State and federal courts have traditionally understood laws dealing with animal ownership and cruelty as applying only to human actions , meaning the animals themselves could neither be prosecuted nor act as plaintiffs or defendants . That would include litigation and legislation involving hunting and breeding of animals and plants , as well as zoo and circus displays . CNN 's Bill Mears and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	SeaWorld calls the lawsuit a baseless publicity stunt The complaint alleges that five killer whales are SeaWorld slaves PETA : This is the first lawsuit seeking constitutional protection against slavery for non-humans The U.S. Constitution traditionally grants rights only to humans , not animals
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Interest in business training programs is at record levels , as the economic downturn sends students flocking back to school . Beyond finance : Rosa Wu plans to keep working in the technology field after getting her MBA . In September hundreds of thousands of students will embark on training courses like MBAs at various business schools around the world . But the surge also comes at a time when the financial crisis has cast fresh doubt on the value of business programs that can cost up to six figures . Many entering students have given up secure jobs to pursue an MBA . They say the degree is the best path for them to achieve their goals , economic downturn or not . However many of them are taking a gamble ; the outlook for the global economy is still hazy , and there 's uncertainty over whether jobs lost in the financial sector will ever be recovered . Some risk spending upwards of $ 100,000 for a degree that may not pay off in two years ' time . Some are embarking on training out of necessity , perhaps due to a lay off or redundancy . "  Typically when you see increases in unemployment , people go back to school , " said Dave Wilson , president and CEO of the Graduate Management Admissions Council  GMAC  . His organization administers the Graduate Management Admission Test  GMAT  , which many MBA programs use as part of their admissions process . Applications for MBAs tend to rise and fall with economic cycles , said Wilson . The GMAC does n't monitor MBA enrollment figures , but does track the number of times the GMAT is taken . Preliminary figures show that a record 265,000 exams were taken worldwide during the 2009 testing year , which ended in June . Are you planning to take a business training course ? Do you think having an MBA is still valuable ? Share your views below CNN 's Executive Education spoke to five students starting their business degree to see how the economic climate is affecting their outlook and expectations . One of those was Alex O'Brien , a former marine officer turned real estate investor . He said that taking time away from the firm he helped start in order to pursue an MBA was n't an easy decision . Read more about Alex and other future MBAs " It was n't just a matter of spending the money , said O'Brien who is starting classes at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business . The more pressing question was deciding "  do I really want to give up a good thing now to pursue an unknown ? " he told CNN . When Tara Idiegbe was deciding whether to go to business school , she came across information debating whether MBAs were as valuable as work experience , especially in the current economic environment . "  But then after careful consideration I chose to pursue an MBA -- not because of current speculations -- but because it would help me fulfill my future goals , " said Idiegbe . After spending nearly five years working as a training and development manager for the investment management division at Goldman Sachs in London , she 's headed to Harvard next week . Thomas Traldi gave up a job in environmental consulting to start his MBA at London Business School . "  But I 'm not worried too much now because it 's a bit too early , and also I hope -LSB- the economy -RSB- will get better in a couple of years , " he said . Despite uncertainty about what shape the global economy will be in by the time they graduate , members of the class of 2011 say they still see value in an MBA and that investing in their education is the surest bet they can make . O'Brien decided an MBA would help him take his company to the next level as well as give him a competitive edge down the line . "  It makes sense to give yourself more skills , more knowledge and help yourself become competitive , " said "  In two years , if the economy is still down , you want to be as competitive as possible . " Plus , business degrees are n't just for those working in finance . There 's robust demand for MBAs in health care , non-profit organizations and the public sector , Wilson said . Rosa Wu , who left a position as product manager at Google to begin a degree at Stanford Graduate School of Business , intends to stay in the technology field . While working at Google is a great gig , Wu said she wanted to explore ways of combining technology with other disciplines . She 's eager to take advantage of a program at Stanford that allows graduate students from across the university and a variety of fields to take classes together . Chrissy Minyard is one student who does plan to pursue a career in finance . "  The business community in general is under the microscope and I think that business school represents the epitome of what is being examined , " she said . But it also offers an opportunity for students to focus on the ethics involved in the decisions they make , which will have a positive impact on her education , she said . On a recent evening Minyard , who wants to work in economic development , was getting ready to attend her first event at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania . Minyard said excitement , more than anything else , characterized her mood . After six years in the working world , she 's eager to get back in the classroom and shift gears . "  This is a real chance for me to step back and assess all I 've learned in business , " she said .	Interest in MBA programs on the rise amid economic downturn Record number of GMAT exams taken in 2009 , early figures show Students embarking on degree face unknown , but express optimism Investing in education is surest bet they can make , they say
A team of scientists has just finished what might literally be described as one of the most breathtaking jobs in the world -- surveying and mapping the coral reefs in Southeast Asia 's Coral Triangle off the coast of Indonesia 's Sulawesi Island . As part of the Catlin Seaview Survey , teams from the University of Queensland , Indonesia 's Sam Ratulangi University and Indonesia 's Institute of Sciences spent time underwater over several weeks near the city of Manado to record data and map reefs in what the survey says "  could become one of the last refuges on Earth for coral reefs . " The effort was part of a larger project to map the Coral Triangle , which encompasses 647 million hectares of land and sea located within the territories of Indonesia , Malaysia , the Philippines , Papua New Guinea , the Solomon Islands and Timor-Leste . "  Coral Triangle " refers to a roughly triangular shape of waters between the Pacific and Indian oceans . One of the world 's most crucial breeding grounds for marine biodiversity , it 's home to 75 percent of all known coral species , including nearly 600 species of reef-building corals and 3,000 species of reef fish . The Catlin Seaview Survey says the scale of its undersea mapping project is unprecedented . Located on the island of Sulawesi , Manado is the capital of Indonesia 's North Sulawesi province . Coral devastation According to experts , about 40 percent of the world 's corals have been lost in the last three decades due to climate change and human activities . Assuming the current rate of decline remains steady , some marine biologists predict that most of the world 's remaining coral will disappear by the middle of the century . The Catlin Seaview Survey got underway in September 2012 on Australia 's Great Barrier Reef . Centering on the waters of Southeast Asia , the 2014 campaign commenced in April and has also covered areas around Apo Island and Tubbataha Reefs in the Philippines , Komodo and Bali in Indonesia , and East Timor . Located in the center of the Coral Triangle , Manado is a crucial section for researchers . "  Regions like Manado in the Coral Triangle could , by the middle of the century , be one of the only places on Earth where coral reefs will exist , " says Ove Hoegh-Guldberg , chief scientist of the survey and director of the Global Change Institute at the University of Queensland . "  Understanding the structure and function of such reefs is of the utmost importance if we are to underpin their resilience to global change . " "  This information is necessary to make informed decisions about how much , and where , governments should invest to ensure the future well being of our planet , " says Stephen Catlin , chief executive of Catlin Group Limited , a Bermuda-based insurance company that sponsors the survey . How coral reef maps are made The coral mapping effort employs a Seaview SVII underwater camera , which has a rod and propeller attached to the back to create a sort of photo scooter . Three digital SLR cameras encased in the SVII 's globe-shaped lens capture high resolution , 360-degree images of reefs . Designed by Catlin Seaview Survey , the camera 's new technology helps shorten surveying time of large , shallow water areas from months to days . Officially called the South East Asia Expedition : Survey 4 , the survey around Manado , which concluded this week , covered up to 80 linear kilometers of reef , and comprised 40 two-kilometer transects . To map such a vast area , scientist-divers took photographs while "  riding " the camera at an average depth of eight meters while traveling at 4 kph . Thousands of images will eventually be stitched together to create a whole picture of the reef system . The images will be uploaded for viewing on the company 's database , The Global Reef Record . Some of the images can be found on Google Maps . The team will begin mapping a section of the Coral Triangle in the Solomon Islands later this month .	The Coral Triangle is home to 75 percent of all known coral species in the world Researchers are using a special camera with a propeller attached to it to map the reefs About 40 percent of the world 's corals have been lost in recent decades due to climate change and human activities
CNN  -- A researcher who warned of Hurricane Katrina 's catastrophic damage sued Louisiana State University on Wednesday , accusing university officials of pushing him out of his job over his criticism of the Army Corps of Engineers . Ivor van Heerden led the investigation into the failure of the levee system surrounding New Orleans , which flooded when the levees failed during the 2005 storm . The inquiry put much of the blame for the disaster on the Corps , which his lawsuit called "  an important funding source " for LSU . The suit accuses LSU of putting "  the bureaucratic interests of university officials above the health and safety of millions of people who live in the path of the hurricanes that threaten the Gulf Coast every year . " It argues that school officials "  engaged in illegal reprisal " against van Heerden , the deputy director of LSU 's Hurricane Center , because of his critical research and testimony about the levee system . Van Heerden was told in 2009 that his contract , which expires in May , would not be renewed . There was no immediate response from LSU officials to the complaint , which was filed in a state court in Baton Rouge on Wednesday . In a statement issued Wednesday afternoon , LSU Chancellor Michael Martin said the decision not to renew van Heerden 's job was made before Martin joined the university administration , but he said he had reviewed the issue "  and am confident that the process was handled appropriately . " "  LSU can not comment on confidential personnel matters or on pending litigation , but I can tell you that LSU wholeheartedly supports its faculty and values their research , teaching and scholarly publishing , " Martin said . "  LSU also values its role as the state 's flagship university , and , as such , will continue its work to help preserve Louisiana 's coastline , mitigate hurricane damage and search for ways to protect the state 's coastal populations . " Katrina killed more than 1,800 people when it struck near the Louisiana-Mississippi state line in August 2005 . Most of the dead were in or around New Orleans , where more than three-quarters of the city flooded . Van Heerden has said the university barred him from testifying as an expert witness in a case against the Corps of Engineers . But he served as an adviser to the plaintiffs in that suit , which resulted in a finding of negligence against the agency in November .	NEW : Chancellor says "  process was handled appropriately " Ivor van Heerden led inquiry into failure of New Orleans levee system It put much of blame on Army Corps of Engineers He was told last year that his contract will not be renewed
CNN  -- Author R.L. Stine has returned to the evil street that made him famous in the 1990s , and fans are looking forward to the new ways he 'll terrorize Shadyside High School teenagers on "  Fear Street . " "  Party Games , " out on September 30 , is the first of six new "  Fear Street " books that Stine is releasing . The premise : When Shadyside High School senior Brendan Fear has a birthday party at his parent 's summer house on Fear Island , things go from bad to worse . Stine , 70 , is the author of more than 300 novels for children and teens , including the much-loved "  Goosebumps " and "  Fear Street " series . The latter was a major hit , selling 80 million copies and building a fan base that for years has been asking him to revive the spooky series . "  The whole thing happened because of Twitter , " Stine said . "  It 's a great way to keep in touch with my original readers , and ` Fear Street ' was mentioned more than anything else . That 's what they read when they were kids . And I suppose we 're all nostalgic for what we read back then . " R.L. Stine aims to give adults ` Goosebumps ' The new "  Fear Street " arrives at a time many consider to be a renaissance of young adult horror . It disappeared as a dominant genre in the early 2000s with the rise of fantasy novels and series such as "  Harry Potter " and "  Eragon . " Popular shows such as "  The Walking Dead " and "  American Horror Story " helped revive interest in horror literature , said Catherine Scully , young adult editor for the Horror Writers Association . Like today 's TV shows , today 's teen horror novels are darker and scarier than the "  Fear Street " of the 1990s , reflecting the way popular culture has changed . Along with Stine , a new class of authors is attempting to redefine young adult horror for the "  Saw " generation , which can easily find graphic depictions of violence on TV and in movies and video games . By weaving in diverse elements -- such as historic gothic and psychological thrillers -- and making both protagonists and villains more three-dimensional , this new wave of authors is hoping to appeal to readers looking for something more than gore and torture porn . Unlike horror depicted on television and the big screen , in horror literature for young adults , subtlety is key , rather than shock value , author and horror expert Jonathan Maberry said . "  Modern teen horror goes more inside the personal experience rather than the body count , " he said . "  The more subtle you go and leave for the reader to interpret , they can participate and it 's even scarier . " A brief history of young adult literature Where it began , where it 's going . The definition of teen horror can be difficult to pinpoint , especially as new authors broaden the range of topics contained within the genre . In the broadest sense , it embodies the disturbing , imaginative manifestations of fear and dread , life-or-death situations , thrilling surprises and a loss of control , authors and literary observers say . Horror is defined by what scares you , "  and that 's very personal and different for each person , " said Scully , who reviews young adult horror in HWA 's ` Scary Out There ' blog . Horror novels by Stine , Christopher Pike and Lois Duncan emerged as a salve to the 1970s and 1980s ' "  problem novels " that dealt with divorce , drugs and alcohol abuse . In the early 2000s , authors began began weaving elements of horror into fantasy , such as the "  Harry Potter " series . Horror was the umbrella genre that gave birth to popular subgenres such as paranormal and dystopian , Scully said . As the genre evolved , it began attracting more readers with its diversity of subgenres and topics . Themes of empowerment and hope emerged , showcasing teens defeating evil in the face of their greatest fears -- and surviving to the end of the book , Scully said . Readers sound off : Books that changed YOUR lives "  I look at YA horror as being the swords and shields we give our teens to fight with these problems that we have limited ways of coping with , " Scully said . "  Teen horror stories are actually empowering them against these horrific things in their life . To have their own stories and their own ways of fighting back , I think we give them a voice . " Cat Winters , Kendare Blake , April Genevieve Tucholke and Kami Garcia are some of the authors folding in suspense and elements of psychological terror into horror novels . "  Horror combines what readers love by merging the scary creatures from ` Twilight ' and gritty , horrifying elements of dystopian  literature  , " gothic horror author Winters said . "  Horror can be a genre of its own but finds its way into almost every other genre . " Kenneth Oppel , author of a young Victor Frankenstein series , believes that part of the appeal of modern young adult horror is the shift away from crazed serial killers to demons within ourselves . Case in point : zombies , monsters of our own creation . Zombies connect well with the teen experience , standing as a metaphor for misunderstanding , loss or massive life changes and how characters handle the consequences , Maberry said . Isaac Marion , author of "  Warm Bodies , " which was adapted for the big screen in February 2013 , did n't write his book for young adults . But they connected with the message : figuring out who you are and who you want to be , even if you 're a zombie , he said . His book is told from the perspective of a zombie who feels lost until he meets  and does n't want to eat  a living person . "  It always seemed strange to me that there was no curiosity about what 's going on behind the scenes of this creature , " Marion said . Young adult books from page to screen New twists to old favorites For years , fans have been asking Stine to revive "  Fear Street " in online fan forums and over social media . But publishers were n't interested , claiming the idea he left behind in 1995 was outdated in the new world of young adult fiction dominated by dystopian worlds and paranormal events . Stine took to Twitter , thanking his fans for their interest while letting them know that the idea was discouraged . Then , associate editor Kat Brzozowski of Thomas Dunne Books , a division of St. Martin 's Press , reached out to him . The "  Fear Street " series married supernatural horror with real-life horror of teenagers ' deepest fears and insecurities . That 's why they were so popular with young readers , Brzozowski said , including herself . She thought it was fitting that the grandfather of teen horror revisit his most popular series for old fans and a new generation . Young adult books that changed our lives While the Stine "  recipe " remains the same -- following one character 's perspective closely -- Stine says the new "  Fear Street " books will be longer , more adult and more violent , reflecting how young adult fiction has changed since the 1990s . "  For me , it 's thinking of new scares , plot twists and cliffhanger chapter endings I have n't done before , moving into the modern world , " Stine said . "  It will be a roller coaster ride of fearful surprises . " Follow Ashley Strickland on Twitter	R.L. Stine is reviving his most popular series , "  Fear Street " Stine joins other authors in reviving horror books for teens TV shows like "  The Walking Dead " helped renew interest in horror literature Author Jonathan Maberry : "  Modern teen horror goes more inside the personal experience "
CNN  -- Six months on from the strike-related violence that left 44 people dead at the Marikana mine in South Africa , unrest and uncertainty still plague the country 's mining sector . At least nine mine employees were hurt Monday when security guards shot rubber bullets to break up a confrontation between rival union groups at Anglo American Platinum 's Siphumelele mine , in northwest South Africa , Anglo American said in a statement . It 's the latest in a number of incidents at South African mines that have disrupted the industry . A string of wildcat labor actions , coupled with rising power costs and depressed commodity prices on the international market , have put pressure on many mining companies operating in South Africa , the continent 's largest economy . "  Mining companies have really struggled to get back onto production levels prior to the strikes , " says Abrie Olivier , mining leader for southern Africa at Deloitte . He adds that the "  heightened tensions " witnessed last year have also raised questions about the role of unions within the mining sector . Last year 's tensions have been widely blamed on competition for members between rival trade unions -- the more established National Union of Mineworkers and the fast-expanding Association of Mineworkers and Construction , which is seen as the more militant of the two . Olivier adds : "  Six months down the line , there 's quite a big process in terms of redefining the landscape of the unions -- who 's in control and who 's not , who 's got the voice of the workers and who does n't , how do mining companies engage with labor through union . " Last August , violent clashes at a platinum mine owned by Lonmin , in Marikana , about two hours northwest of Johannesburg , sparked national outrage after 34 people died when police opened fire on striking workers . Ten others died in the earlier days of the protests , including two police officers . After the carnage , wildcat strikes marred by violence became the order of the day in South Africa 's mining sector . Fatal clashes between rival unions , as well as underground sit-ins , brought several operations to a halt and cost the country big money in lost production . In December , Harmony Gold cited security concerns for its decision to suspend operations in its Kusasalethu mine , about 100 kilometers west of Johannesburg . The company , which is one of South Africa 's top gold producers , has only now reached an agreement with unions and expects the mine to return to full production toward the end of June . Last month , discontent among workers rose again after Anglo American Platinum , the world 's top platinum producer , announced plans to mothball two mines , sell an unprofitable one and put 14,000 jobs at risk , although those plans are currently on hold . The potential job losses could spell trouble for the ruling African National Congress party that 's already struggling to deal with the country 's 25 % unemployment . Unfulfilled promises of a better life post-apartheid have already led to an increase in urban unrest in recent times . Analysts say that mining is the backbone of South African economy . According to the country 's Chamber of Mines , the sector employed about 513,000 people in 2011 . Over the past 10 years , the industry has contributed just over $ 213 billion  1.9 trillion rand  to both the country 's GDP and export earnings , in real money terms . After more than a century of mining gold , platinum had become South Africa 's new cash cow . But the sector is struggling with an oversupply in the international market and soaring production costs . At the same time , pending increases in electricity costs and the potential of further labor unrest over the coming months , when wage contracts will be up for renegotiation , as well as uncertainty over mining legislation , have all helped exacerbate an already challenging situation . This has prompted some investors to look for opportunities in other countries . "  It will vary according to the mineral group and project life cycle but we are likely to see investors looking elsewhere in the region ... particularly if the South African government does n't come out quite strongly and say what its plans for the sector are going forward , " says Simiso Velempini , South Africa analyst for global business risk consultancy Control Risks . "  We are seeing some investors looking to Zimbabwe , Namibia and increasingly Mozambique , which has vast untapped natural resources , " she adds . Police fire tear gas as striking miners protest In December , the government , which is currently amending its Mineral and Petroleum Resources Development Act , moved to ease investors ' concerns by ruling out nationalization as a policy option . Instead , it opted for "  strategic " state involvement in key sectors of the industry and hinted at new taxes as it declared that the "  state must capture an equitable share of mineral resource rents through the tax system and deploy them in the interests of long-term economic growth , development and transformation . " But , Velempini says , lack of clarity about the level of state intervention in the industry is keeping investors wary . "  That is going to be something that investors want to hear more about and want to be reassured about in 2013 , " she says . "  Which state-owned enterprises will potentially increase their involvement in the mining sector but also how the government plans to increase the local South African participation in the sector , through what means and ways . " But despite the sector 's recent woes , most analysts agree that mining holds the key to a prosperous South Africa . "  It 's an industry that 's going through a lot of change and it 's going through a lot of pain , for the better , " says Olivier . "  If there 's one industry that is very resilient it is the mining industry and South Africa will get through it and I think it will be for the better in the long run . " Velempini agrees . "  The mining sector in 2013 is in for quite a tumultuous period but having considered the sector 's contribution to the country 's GDP , but also its contribution to employment levels , the government will have a strong reason to try and ensure that there is policy clarity and also a measure of stability in the medium term , " she says . South Africa mine fires 1,4000 striking miners	Violence at South African mines creating uncertainty in the industry Last year , thousands of striking workers halted operations at many of the country 's mines Strike-related violence at Lonmin 's Marikana mine in August left 44 dead The unrest has prompted some investors to look at alternative options
CNN  -- Delayed flights , long lines , TSA pat downs -- flying is n't what it used to be . But stepping aboard one of these hot air balloons is a guaranteed way to rekindle a love of air travel . It 's an opportunity to revel in the world 's most beautiful landscapes , high above the fray . And it 's the kind of worthwhile splurge that you 'll be talking about long after you 're back on solid ground . There 's nothing quite like floating over the yellow grasses of the Serengeti while lions and zebras frolic just a hundred feet below . Or watching the first rays of sun paint Myanmar 's ancient pagodas and temples in hues of gold . On average , baskets carry four to eight people , so the ride can be as intimate and romantic as it sounds . Festivals also celebrate ballooning as a lofty spectator sport . Fans turn out in droves each October to watch as hundreds of jaunty balloons ascend en masse into the cerulean skies above Albuquerque , New Mexico , making it the world 's most photographed event . Whether you choose the birds ' - eye view over a French château à la the Montgolfiers ' original flight or prefer to skim the treetops of the Costa Rican rainforest , your spirits are destined to soar . Travel + Leisure : America 's most scenic waterside drives Melbourne , Australia Greet the day , and Australia 's second largest city , from high above the glistening skyline with a one-hour Balloon Over Melbourne flight . You 'll take in views of the city 's central business district , its parks and gardens , and notable landmarks like Melbourne Park and Rod Laver Arena , site of the Australian Open . Back on terra firma , toast your adventure with an optional champagne breakfast . From $ 320 per person ; balloonovermelbourne.com.au Napa Valley , CA The Kimball Family and Napa Valley Aloft were floating people above the Napa Valley long before it became a world-famous food and wine destination . Weather is best between April and October in Yountville , the launch site and picturesque town that 's home to the French Laundry restaurant . Soar over green rolling hills and small and large family vineyards -- with views to the Sierras and San Francisco on clear days . Individual flights from $ 200 per person ; group flights and private tours available ; nvaloft.co Travel + Leisure : Great spring getaways Serengeti , Tanzania Lions , hippos , leopards , giraffes and zebras thrive on the grassy plains of the Seronera River Valley , as you 'll witness on a Balloon Safari . Flights also catch sight of the estimated two million wildebeest that migrate from Kenya to Lake Victoria each year , often passing through the valley between May and early June and again from late October to December . One-hour flights are followed by champagne , an English-style breakfast under an acacia tree and more amazing photo ops . $ 529 per person ; balloonsafaris.com Albuquerque , New Mexico Each October , more than 500 colorful balloons take flight during early-morning mass ascensions at the International Balloon Fiesta , the largest such event and the most photographed event worldwide . The dedicated 365-acre Balloon Fiesta Park just north of Albuquerque also hosts special-shape balloon rodeos and the popular evening balloon glow , when pilots fire up their burners at the same time and leave the balloons tethered . If you 're feeling inspired , Rainbow Ryders operates flights from within the park during the fiesta . Prices range from $ 299 to $ 499 per person for a 60-minute ride ; rainbowryders.com . Advance-purchase festival admission for adults , $ 12 . Travel + Leisure : world 's longest bridges Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu , Canada An inflatable amusement park for kids adds to the appeal of the Montgolfières Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu International Balloon Festival , just 20 minutes from Montreal . This nine-day August festival invites local folk groups and international musical acts to perform on several stages at night . Watch balloons , some in unusual shapes , inflate and take off into the sky ; check out the Balloon Interpretation Centre to discover the world of hot-air ballooning ; or get into the action by reserving morning or evening flights online . From $ 170 per person ; ballooncanada.com Cappadocia , Turkey Twisted rock formations -- the handiwork of 2,000 years of erosion -- lend this Turkish landscape an otherworldly look best appreciated from above . Royal Balloon flies year round , though suggests dates between March and December for the most favorable weather . The 60 - and 90-minute balloon rides soar up to 1,000 feet over spires and pillars known as fairy chimneys , plus subterranean churches and dwellings hewn into limestone . A prelaunch breakfast is also included . From $ 242 per person ; royalballoon.com 9 intriguing fringe festivals Letchworth State Park , New York Follow the Genesee River as it rolls through the Letchworth Gorge , flanked by towering slate cliffs , some 600 feet high . Balloons Over Letchworth is the only company operating within the park from May to mid October . The hour-long flight swoops over lush woods and the middle and upper falls . Visibility is great in July and August when the weather is warm and dry , while September sees the foliage at its Technicolor finest . $ 249 per person ; balloonsoverletchworth.com Reno , Nevada Held over three days in September at Rancho San Rafael Regional Park , the Great Reno Balloon Race is a free event for the whole family . Expect food vendors , craft activities for kids and popular morning glow shows -- a predawn spectacle with balloons twinkling against the dark sky . More than a dozen specially shaped balloons are on display , including an 86-foot-tall Darth Vader  enter a drawing on the event 's Facebook page facebook.com/renoballoon for the chance to win a ride  . It 's neat to watch the actual race , in which pilots maneuver toward targets and attempt to hit them with beanbags . Tethered rides for kids , $ 5 ; renoballoon.com Bagan , Myanmar This journey over Bagan defines awe-inspiring -- especially when the sun 's golden rays light up the white surfaces of more than 4,000 pagodas and temples in what was the capital of the first Myanmar Empire . Since the monuments are scattered around an area of more than 15 square miles , an aerial view is an efficient way to take in the scope of this enchanting landscape . Book with Eastern Safaris for a dawn ride that begins with tea , coffee and refreshments . From $ 320 per person ; easternsafaris.com Colorado Springs , Colorado The Colorado Balloon Classic has been held each Labor Day Weekend since 1977 and draws local , national and international crowds to the foot of Pikes Peak to watch hundreds of jewel-toned balloons mass-launch in front of the 14,115-foot mountain . Balloon rides , evening concerts , coloring and photo contests , a children 's play area and tons of local food and merchandise are the many ways the event raises money to share with local charitable organizations . Balloon rides during the festival are $ 295 per person ; balloonclassic.com See more best hot air balloon rides Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	A hot air balloon ride above your favorite travel destination may rekindle a love of flight More than 500 colorful balloons take flight above Albuquerque each October Spot lions , hippos , leopards and zebras from the Serengeti skies Twisted rock formations of Cappadocia , Turkey are caused by 2,000 years of erosion
CNN  -- The recent incident involving Chelsea and England captain John Terry and Queens Park Rangers ' Anton Ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . The decision by London 's Metropolitan Police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the October 23 match follows allegations made by Manchester United 's Patrice Evra of racial abuse from Liverpool striker Luis Suarez during an English Premier League clash . These two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .	London 's Metropolitan Police are to investigate incident between Terry and Ferdinand Man Utd 's Patrice Evra has also accused Liverpool 's Luis Suarez a using a racial slur 2011 has seen numerous incidents a racism in football
Chicago  CNN  -- Actress and singer Jennifer Hudson testified Monday in the trial of a man accused of killing her mother , brother and 7-year-old nephew . She broke down in tears several times on the stand as she remembered her family . Hudson was the prosecution 's first witness . She identified the defendant , William Balfour , the estranged husband of her sister , Julia . "  None of us wanted her to marry him , " she said . "  We did not like how he treated her . " Hudson , dressed in black , also testified about her relationship with her mother , saying she spoke with her mom every day and slept in the same bed with her until she was 16 . Read a full transcript of Jennifer Hudson 's testimony Through tears , she talked about the last time she saw her family together and the day she found out about the murders . "  I did everything in my power to get home , " Hudson said . She testified that she identified her relatives ' bodies for authorities . During cross-examination , the singer-actress returned to the subject of Balfour . "  Where he was , I tried not to be , " Hudson said . In the afternoon , her sister , Julia Hudson , took the stand . She said Balfour threatened to kill her family after she told him she did n't want to be with him . " ` If you leave me , you 'll be the last to die . I 'll kill your family first , ' " she quoted him as saying . She also said Balfour was jealous of her son . Julia Hudson recounted arriving home the day of the slayings , finding a bullet hole in the door and running inside . "  I 'm saying , ` Mama , mama , mama , ' " she said . "  She did n't answer . " She testified that she ran screaming from the home after finding her mother lying in blood on the floor . When police asked her who could have done it , Julia Hudson said , she told them "  William . " Eighteen people have been selected to serve on the jury in the murder trial : 10 women and eight men . The group includes six alternates . The trial comes more than three years after Hudson 's relatives were killed . Balfour is accused of fatally shooting Hudson 's mother and brother inside their Chicago home in October 2008 . The body of Hudson 's nephew , Julian King , was found three days later inside an abandoned vehicle . Balfour , Julian 's stepfather , has also been charged with one count of home invasion . Julia Hudson testified that her main goal after the slayings was finding her son . When she learned that he had been found dead , "  I hollered , and I screamed , " she recounted Monday . The judge has said he expects the trial to last three to four weeks . Balfour was detained for questioning the day after the victims were found at the Chicago home . Authorities at the time said that they were holding Balfour for an unspecified parole violation , but he was indicted for murder two months later . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges , and his lawyer has said in court that there is no forensic evidence linking him to the killings . Prosecutors have portrayed Balfour as a jealous man who murdered three people in a rage at the thought that his wife had a boyfriend . The deaths took place a year after Hudson , who rose to fame as a contestant on "  American Idol , " won an Oscar for her role in the movie "  Dreamgirls . " In a recent interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan , Hudson reflected on the life of her mother , Darnell Donerson . "  My mother was a very wise and strong person . I feel like she raised us well , and she prepared me well , and so that 's what I live by , " she said . Her career has continued to blossom and remain varied since her relatives ' deaths . Her recent milestones include penning a memoir detailing her struggles with her weight , being cast to play Nelson Mandela 's ex-wife , Winnie , in an upcoming movie , releasing a new album and singing a well-received tribute to Whitney Houston at the most recent Grammy Awards show in February . CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Katherine Wojtecki in Chicago and Alan Duke in Los Angeles contributed to this report .	Hudson 's sister , Julia , testifies defendant threatened to kill her family "  Where he was , I tried not to be , " Jennifer Hudson says of William Balfour Balfour is accused of fatally shooting Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew Balfour , the estranged husband of Hudson 's sister , has denied the charges
The 19-year-old son of U.S. Sen. Rand Paul was charged with underage drinking and disorderly conduct after being arrested over the weekend at North Carolina 's Charlotte Douglas International Airport , authorities said . William Hilton Paul was arrested Saturday after a flight from Kentucky to North Carolina , according to the Mecklenburg County Sheriff 's Office in Charlotte . Authorities did not say whether Paul , of Bowling Green , Kentucky , was believed to have been drinking on the airplane or at the airport . A spokesman for U.S. Airways said Paul was not served onboard . "  Our reports indicate that  Paul  slept through the drink service and was not served onboard , " Andrew Christie said . The senator 's office released a statement calling the issue a private family matter . "  Sen. Paul is a national public figure and subject to scrutiny in the public arena , however , as many parents with teenagers would understand , his family should be afforded the privacy and respect they deserve in a situation such as this , " according to the statement released late Sunday by Moira Bagley , Paul 's communications director . The younger Paul was charged with three misdemeanor offenses : disorderly conduct at an airport , being intoxicated and disruptive and consuming beer and wine underage . He is due in court on February 25 , the Mecklenburg County court clerk 's office said . He has maintained a fairly low profile , appearing at a handful of campaign events alongside his father . The first-term senator was elected in 2010 with strong tea party support , and in recent months he has publicly said he is interested in running for president in 2016 . Rand Paul is the son of retiring Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , who was the 1988 libertarian candidate for president and who made bids in 2008 and 2012 for the GOP presidential nomination under the mantle of libertarian conservatism .	William Hilton Paul , 19 , was arrested after getting off a flight from Kentucky , authorities say Paul was charged with underage drinking , being intoxicated and disorderly conduct He is the son of U.S. Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky His grandfather is former GOP presidential candidate Ron Paul
Editor 's note : Pedro Noguera is a professor at New York University and director of the Metropolitan Center for Urban Education . He is editor of "  Unfinished Business : Closing the Achievement Gap in Our Nation 's Schools " and author of "  The Trouble With Black Boys : And Other Reflections on Race , Equity and the Future of Public Education . " Pedro Noguera says the U.S. must have a strategy for spending the stimulus money for education . NEW YORK  CNN  -- The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , President Obama 's stimulus package , could serve as a historic investment in our children 's future , an initiative that could very well change the course of our nation . It is an opportunity that can not be squandered . However , there is good reason for concern that the funds made available for education under the act will not result in the change we need . Over the past eight years , educational progress in the United States has been modest at best . According to a national study by the Gates Foundation  "  The Silent Epidemic , " 2006  , dropout rates in many of our nation 's largest cities are 50 percent or higher . Similarly , large numbers of students lack proficiency in reading and math in many school districts across the country , and many who graduate and go on to college are largely unprepared for the rigors of college-level course work . Seven years after the adoption of the No Child Left Behind law , it is clear we are still leaving many children behind . Tinkering with existing policy is unlikely to produce different results . The Obama administration needs a bold new strategy for reforming our public education system if it hopes that our schools are going to play a more significant role in moving the nation forward . However , so far , and certainly it is still is early in the term of this administration , no new vision or strategy for reforming the nation 's schools has been articulated . There is justifiable reason to be concerned that by calling for funds from the stimulus package to be spent quickly on "  shovel-ready " projects in order to produce the jobs that are so desperately needed , the administration will not have the time to develop a thoughtful strategy that can guide the reform of the nation 's public schools . Obama has spoken out about the challenges confronting public education , most notably in his inauguration speech and most recently in his address before Congress . On each occasion , he has lauded the achievements of charter schools and chided public schools for their failures . The president 's use of the bully pulpit will undoubtedly be essential to usher in new reforms , but given that 90 percent of children in the United States attend public schools , it is clear that he or one of his appointees will need to do more than criticize public schools to address the tremendous challenges we face . Education Secretary Arne Duncan may soon have $ 15 billion at his discretion . These funds should be used to encourage school districts to employ research-based strategies for intervening early with slow learners , raising academic standards and , most important , improving learning conditions in underperforming schools . He must also recognize that one of the unintended consequences of using test scores as a barometer for judging schools has been that many schools have narrowed the focus of the curriculum to test preparation . That effectively denies students who desperately need help the most the kind of enriched learning environment that cultivates the imagination and stimulates achievement . The administration must realize that America 's schools need more than just money to address the many problems they face and to promote the kind of education that will be needed to support our economy and democracy in the 21st century . More funds are needed , especially in communities where the schools have been sorely neglected , but increased funding alone will not produce better results . The most successful charter schools -- and let 's be clear , not all charters are successful -- have demonstrated that increased autonomy , combined with site-based decision-making over the use of resources , can sometimes contribute to greater effectiveness . There is no reason why similar strategies can not be deployed in regular public schools . At the same time , some schools need far more help than they have received , and clearly , pressure alone will not produce a change in results . Policies and systems must be in place to promote best practices in teaching , to address the non-academic health and social needs of disadvantaged children , to reward innovation and success , and to intervene effectively in schools in need of improvement . We must also ensure that , like the countries we typically compare ourselves to , we provide quality early childhood education , health care and extended learning opportunities to all children in need . The United States will not be a leader in the 21st century if we continue to ignore the basic needs of vast numbers of our children . Perhaps most important , there is the possibility that education can also play a role in the economic recovery . Over the longer term , there must be more strategic investments made to ensure some degree of alignment between the curriculum of our secondary schools and the sectors of the economy where growth can be anticipated . Schools should be supported in developing career academies and internships with industries in biotechnology , organic food production , telecommunications , robotics and a wide variety of "  green jobs . " This is especially true in economically depressed areas like the de-industrialized rust belt cities of the northeast and Midwest . Put most bluntly , there can be no future for the auto industry if the public schools in Detroit , Flint or Gary are not capable of educating a new generation of workers to design the cars of the future . In cities and towns across America where jobs are being lost at a dramatic rate , revival of local and regional economies will require strategic investments in human capital made possible by highly trained and motivated teachers and a curriculum that provides students with 21st - century skills . To solve the pressing problems confronting our economy and our schools , national leadership by the Obama administration and the teachers ' unions will be needed . We must avoid the tendency that has become popular in some political circles to blame teachers and unions for the failings of our schools . Unions must play a greater role in addressing the performance of their members , but we must also acknowledge that if unions were the problem , the South would have the best schools . We have to move the conversation about teacher quality forward , beyond a narrow debate over merit pay and job protection , to one focused more broadly on how to insure that teachers receive adequate support and training to meet the academic needs of their students and to ascertain their effectiveness in the classroom . Strong leadership by Obama and Duncan will be needed if we expect to see superior academic outcomes and greater accountability for the dollars we invest . The federal government must send a clear message to the states that "  failure is not an option . " We have a tremendous opportunity to move our nation forward by substantially improving our schools . We can not afford to waste it . Our children deserve it , and our future as a nation depends upon it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pedro Noguera .	Pedro Noguera : The stimulus plan will send billions to the nation 's schools He says just pouring more money into education wo n't accomplish needed change Noguera : Nation needs a coordinated strategy to improve education He says seven years after No Child Left Behind , we 're still leaving kids behind
When IBM 's Watson system defeated the human champion on "  Jeopardy! " in February 2011 , it surprised the world with its unprecedented command of a vast array of facts , puns , and clever questions . But how will that feat change our lives over the next decade ? What does it mean for the future of intelligent machines ? Watson accumulated its wide-ranging knowledge by "  reading " the equivalent of millions of books , foreshadowing a revolution in how computers acquire , analyze , and create knowledge . Read more : Ray Kurzweil 's future of humanity Given the explosive volume of text available to anyone today in the form of web pages , articles , tweets and more , automatic machine reading is a critical part of technology 's future . Here are five ways we predict the Machine-Reading Revolution will change your life in the coming decade : 1 . Being a scientific assistant : By 2020 , machine reading and understanding of scientific text has the potential to accelerate breakthroughs like helping find new cures to diseases or solutions to climate change . The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence 's Aristo project is building software that will enable computers to "  learn " from textbooks , ask questions , and draw tentative conclusions . Building on this , and related projects like Watson , this kind of assistant will become an indispensable tool for scientists and researchers . Read more : I 'm the original voice of Siri 2 . Answering questions : When you ask your smartphone a specific question like "  when 's the next flight to Atlanta ? " or even "  what 's President Obama 's current approval rating ? " You 'll be able to receive direct and concise answers on your device . Programs like Siri and Google Now can already answer spoken questions like "  when 's the next Yankees game ? " Over the coming decade , the range of answerable questions will broaden substantially , and the answers will be based not only on databases of facts , but also on information automatically extracted and synthesized from news , web pages , and tweets . Thus  as Etzioni anticipated in 2011  : On our phones , ten blue links will gradually become a thing of the past . 3 . Being an online shopping concierge : We foresee an automated concierge that makes personalized product recommendations based on your tastes and reading all available reviews on the Web . Today , if you want to find a quiet hotel in mid-town Manhattan , you may be forced to spend hours combing through hotel reviews to figure out which ones are relevant , authentic , and informative . Read more : Siri says ` dump him ' In just a few years , a computer will comb through the reviews for you . Research prototypes like Huang and Etzioni 's RevMiner have already shown that computers can read and analyze reviews with high accuracy . It 's only a matter of time before shopping excursions are truly one-click endeavors . 4 . Acting as an automated medical assistant : Imagine getting an immediate "  second opinion " based on the latest medical studies and experiments right in your doctor 's office , or even in the comfort of home . Today , any doctor is overwhelmed by the deluge of new medical studies and discoveries . By 2023 , your doctor will have a tireless medical assistant who keeps up with the scientific literature on his or her behalf , and warns against potential errors such as unnoticed drug interactions , dangerous side effects , and more . 5 . Delivering real-time statistics : Within a decade , authoritative statistics on health , inflation , and unemployment will be available in real-time , benefiting both policy makers and the general public . Read more : The best Twitter jokes about Amazon 's drones Today , we often find out about the outbreak of epidemics , health hazards , and economic concerns long after the fact . Yet status updates on social media can reveal important clues about our location , community health , and even employment status immediately . Research is underway to anticipate epidemics and address other public health questions that today are studied via surveys and slower , less-inclusive methods . Henry Kautz reports on research to monitor food poisoning outbreaks in New York City , University of Michigan researchers are computing analogous statistics for unemployment , and the Billion Prices Project at MIT provides far richer inflation measurements than the government 's official index . In the near future , approximations to official data will be available instantaneously . Read more : Forget flying cars , check out these flying robots We recently launched the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence  AI2  in Seattle to carry out basic research in the area of machine reading and understanding of text , which will enable the broader community to pursue the above innovations . Within a decade , computer knowledge acquired from "  Big Text " will be available at any time , any place , and accessible via a dialog that would make the Star Trek Communicator proud and put Siri to shame . As Allen observed in 2011 , the singularity is far beyond the horizon , but the Machine-Reading Revolution is coming to a mobile device near you .	IBM 's Watson system defeated the human champion on "  Jeopardy! " in February 2011 -- surprising the world But that feat was a precursor to what is being called a "  Machine-Reading Revolution , " which is underway now Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen and entrepreneur Oren Etzioni reveal five ways it will change how you live They say it will impact on how we find a hotel , follow our favorite sports team and receive medical advice
CNN  -- Four weeks after inconclusive elections left Italy without a functioning government , Italy 's president on Friday asked center-left politician Pier Luigi Bersani to try to form one . The decision came after meetings this week between political leaders and ceremonial president Giorgio Napolitano , as they tried to determine what to do after February 's elections left a three-way split between the right , the left and the wild-card party of Beppe Grillo . Bersani fared the best in the February elections by leading a leftist coalition to a small majority in the lower house of parliament . But he was unable to win a majority in the Senate , where it counts . Instead , power in the Senate was divided between Bersani and former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's center-right coalition , anchored by his party , Popolo della Liberta , or People of Freedom . Bersani and Berlusconi are archrivals who indicated they would not work together . The post-election gridlock has helped to hobble Italy 's economy . After the elections failed to produce a government , international ratings agency Fitch downgraded Italy 's credit rating from A - to BBB + and warned of further risks if political uncertainty continues and reforms and austerity measures are stalled . The nation is in its longest recession in 20 years . Its economy -- Europe 's third-largest with a government debt the Treasury Ministry puts at $ 2.6 trillion -- shrank by 0.9 % in the fourth quarter of 2012 , Eurobarometer says . CNN 's Hada Messia and Journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau contributed to this report .	New try to form government Can rivals get along ? Italy mired in recession
CNN  -- A new study released Thursday suggests mammograms might not be as effective in reducing deaths from breast cancer in women over 50 as previously thought . The study , published in the New England Journal of Medicine , analyzed data from more than 40,000 women with breast cancer . It concluded the availability of mammography screening corresponded with a reduction in the rate of death from breast cancer , "  but the screening itself accounted for only about a third of the total reduction . " The study involved women in Norway between ages 50 and 69 . Researchers from Norway and Harvard University compared the death rates from breast cancer in four groups : one group of women from 1996 through 2005 who were living in Norwegian counties with screening ; another group in the same time period who were living in counties without screening ; and two similar groups from 1986 through 1995 . "  Among women in the nonscreening group , there was an 18 percent reduction in the rate of death from breast cancer , as compared with the preceding 10-year period , presumably as a result of increased breast-cancer awareness , improved therapy , and the use of more sensitive diagnostic tools , " the findings state . "  Among women in the screening group , there was a 28 percent reduction in mortality from breast cancer during the same period . Thus , the relative reduction in mortality that was causally related to the screening program alone was 10 percent . " The publication notes that in 2002 , the World Health Organization concluded that mammography screening for women between ages 50 and 69 reduced the death rate from breast cancer by 25 percent . Researchers said challenges in measuring the effectiveness of mammography screenings include increases in breast-cancer awareness and advances in treatment .	Study : The difference in mortality related to a screening program alone was 10 percent The study says advances in awareness and treatments have likely improved survival Study focuses on women with breast cancer in Norway
CNN  -- Family members of the deposed Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali are reportedly in Canada , a development now being denounced by some in the Tunisian community there . French-language media in Canada first reported that as many as 10 members of the Ben Ali family arrived in Montreal by private jet on Thursday . Canadian Immigration Minister Jason Kenney seemed to confirm their arrival by pointing out that some members of the Ben Ali family have permanent residency status in Canada and therefore have the legal right to enter and stay without a visa . Privacy legislation does not allow the government to disclose who is in the country . But Canadian officials also stressed to CNN that Canada would not become a refuge for Ben Ali or his family . "  Mr. Ben Ali , deposed members of the former Tunisian regime and their immediate families are not welcome in Canada . Visas are only issued by our officers when they are satisfied that the individual will leave Canada once the visa expires . Given that members of the regime can not return to Tunisia , that would be a challenge . " said Melanie Carkner , a spokesperson for Citizenship and Immigration Canada . Permanent residency in Canada can be revoked if it is determined that a person falsely represented themselves , committed fraud or concealed material circumstances when they applied for citizenship or permanent residency . Still , the fact that members of Ben Ali 's family , possibly including his daughter and son-in-law , may have the legal right to stay in Canada did not sit well with some members of the Tunisian expatriate community . A Tunisian business leader in Montreal who declined to be identified told CNN he believed it was time the Canadian government took a tougher stand with Ben Ali 's extended family . "  Even permanent residents should n't be protected if they are criminals . And Canada needs to investigate their affairs here . What about freezing their assets ? " There are reports in Canada that the former president 's daughter , Nesrine , and her husband , Sakhr El Materi , still own a Montreal mansion that they acquired in 2008 for more than $ 2 million . CNN could not confirm that the couple still own the property . In an e-mail , Canada 's Foreign Affairs Ministry confirmed to CNN that there are a range of options that allow for assets to be frozen , including through the United Nations , or at the request of a foreign government . "  If there is evidence that assets exist in this country , or if they were acquired illegally , our government will act . " said Lynn Meahan , press secretary to Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon . On Monday , French President Nicolas Sarkozy stressed that his country would track down any assets in France that were stolen during Ben Ali 's time in power and return them to Tunisians . A prosecutor in Paris also confirmed that the country was opening an investigation into Ben Ali 's French assets .	Canadian media report Tunisian ex-president 's family in town Some relatives have legal residency status Canadian officials say Ben Ali , family are not welcome
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden delivered a rousing address to the NAACP in Houston on Thursday , bolstering support for President Barack Obama and drawing sharp contrasts with the Republican Party on civil rights issues . On the heels of recent voter identification disputes , Biden strayed from his typical campaign speech to zero in on voting rights , arguing that Republicans were making it more difficult for certain group to vote . By implementing laws requiring voters to present official identification at the voting booth , Biden said , the GOP sees "  a different future , where voting is made harder , not easier . " Democrats have said that such laws are politically motivated and intended to suppress minority voting , given that fewer people in minority groups carry government-issued IDs . Republicans , meanwhile , make the case that such laws prevent fraud and protect the integrity of the system . The issue was a hot topic this week at the NAACP convention , where Attorney General Eric Holder spoke Tuesday and lambasted states that have considered or attempted to implement such laws , including Texas , Wisconsin and Pennsylvania . Appealing to the group 's founding , Biden on Thursday urged the crowd to "  remember what  the NAACP  at its core was all about . " "  It was about the right to vote , because when you have the right to vote , you have the right to change things , " he said . He called on the crowd to imagine what the Justice Department would look like under a Mitt Romney administration . "  Imagine the recommendations and who he 's likely to pick for attorney general or head of the civil rights division , " he said , drawing scorn from the audience . The vice president also touched on a number of other issues , including energy , health care , women 's issues and education . In each instance , he compared Obama 's policies with those of the Republican Party . He particularly faulted the GOP for obstructing what he considers key legislation since Obama took office . "  Their discipline is amazing , they have never let up , " Biden said , referring to congressional Republicans . "  But neither has my guy . Neither has President Barack Obama . He has not given up . He continues to be driven by the character of his convictions . " This was Biden 's first time addressing the convention as vice president , the NAACP said . "  The vice president is a longtime friend to the NAACP , " said Roslyn Brock , the group 's chairwoman . "  He has been a strong advocate for justice and equality over his decades of service in the Senate and the White House . " The president will miss the event because of a "  scheduling conflict , " his campaign said . "  We declined a few weeks ago , and  the  NAACP was pleased  Vice President Joe Biden  was able to attend , " an Obama-Biden campaign official told CNN . The president 's schedule for Thursday initially appeared wide open , but a senior administration official confirmed Thursday morning that Obama and the first lady will give an interview to CBS during the day . However , the president did make a brief appearance in a pre-taped video that ran before the vice president appeared . "  If you keep standing with me ... I know we can arrive there together , " the president said after delivering a few lines from his typical stump speech on helping middle-class Americans . Hilary Shelton , the NAACP Washington Bureau director and a senior vice president in the organization , said the White House never confirmed a visit . "  They were trying to work out something , " Shelton said . As to why Obama could not attend , he added , "  It was that something could not be moved . Something was crucial . And unfortunately , they could n't move it in a way they could get him here this week . " Obama addressed the convention in 2009 . Last year , first lady Michelle Obama spoke to the group . Biden 's speech Thursday came one day after Romney was booed during his own remarks at the NAACP convention , when the Republican vowed to repeal the Affordable Care Act , Obama 's signature health care law . In comparison , Biden drew thunderous applause after trumpeting health care reform and emphasized that the law ensures coverage to "  8 million black Americans who never would have had insurance . " The one time the crowd gave a negative reaction occurred when Biden began to close his remarks . He received a standing ovation from about half the audience at the end . Meanwhile , Romney said the negative reaction he experienced Wednesday did n't come as a surprise . "  I think we expected that , " he said on Fox Business Network . "  I am going to give the same message to the NAACP that I give across the country , which is that Obamacare is killing jobs . " Two African-American members of the House of Representatives found themselves split after Romney 's appearance . "  He gets credit for attendance , " Rep. Cedric Richmond , a Louisiana Democrat , said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  But perfect attendance does n't qualify you to be class president . I thought it was a good gesture to go , but I thought his content was lacking . " Rep. Tim Scott , a Republican from South Carolina , also said on "  The Situation Room " that he expects Romney to get about 10 % of the black vote come November , suggesting the GOP candidate 's focus should be on unemployment and home foreclosures . "  African-American unemployment since 2008 is up 40 % , " Scott said . "  Home closures 25 % . So what we have is the same message that works for the rest of America , works for the black community , too . " Romney draws boos from NAACP , support from conservatives CNN 's Dan Lothian , Shawna Shepherd , Shannon Travis and Ed Payne and contributed to this report .	Biden focuses on voting rights President Obama to be interviewed by CBS on Thursday Mitt Romney spoke Wednesday , drawing boos but also a standing ovation Romney says the negative reaction is not a surprise
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The rescue and recovery efforts of the Pakistan floods that have killed more than 800 could become more complicated as weather officials predict more monsoon rains starting Monday . The Pakistan Meteorological Department said Sindh , Punjab , Kashmir , eastern parts of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and eastern parts of Balochistan would receive monsoon rains . Areas along the Indus River would be badly affected due to extremely high flood conditions . The death toll from the flooding has risen to at least 800 , the information minister of a northern province said Saturday . The number reflects those killed only in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , previously known as the North West Frontier Province , said spokesman Mian Iftikhar Hussain . Flooding has also been reported in Pakistani-controlled Kashmir . Twenty-five deaths were recorded there Friday , Hussain said . The United Nations says the number of people affected by the floods has risen to nearly 1 million people , with infrastructure receiving major damage . Rushing water also has washed away thousands of acres of crops , government buildings , businesses , schools , bridges and homes , officials said . The United States will assist in relief efforts by bringing in 50,000 meals , rescue boats and helicopters , 12 pre-fabricated steel bridges and water filtration units , the embassy in Islamabad said . According to Geo TV , 150 people are missing in a northwestern province and 3,700 homes were swept away . Forty-seven bridges in Sawat have been destroyed or damaged . Geo TV also said 3,000 are in a camp in Nowshera and are without enough water and food . Displaced residents are unhappy with the government response , Geo TV said . Trains have also been delayed , frustrating commuters . "  They have made this a joke , " a commuter told the network . "  There are young children here but there is no water , nor is there any seating , they have taken our ticket money yet after every few minutes they change the train timings . They are playing a game of lies and deceit . " Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik visited Kyhber Pakhtunkhwa on Saturday and found tourists and local residents trapped because of the heavy floods , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported . President Asif Ali Zardari said all available resources would be used to help those stranded by the waters , the APP reported . Many of the victims died when floodwaters swept away hundreds of mud houses in parts of Swat Valley and the districts of Shangla and Tank , according to Bashir Ahmed Bilour , a provincial minister in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . Hussain said flooding has cut off the Swat Valley and the districts of Shangla and Peshawar . There is no way to get to these areas by road , he said . The Pakistani Air Force has been helping with rescue efforts , spokesman Tariq Yazdanie said in an interview on Pakistani TV . The recent torrential rains have broken all previous records of rainfall in the country , he said . The United Nations said there is a need for help in providing emergency shelter , food , drinking water and sanitation facilities . Its agencies are geared to help with these issues . The European Commission is providing 30 million euros  $ 39 million  to help the people affected by the flooding . "  Pakistan has been hit by terrible floods and more rain is forecast . Our thoughts are with those affected by them , " said Kristalina Georgieva , European commissioner for international Cooperation , Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Response . "  I am pleased that our decision to provide new humanitarian funding for the most vulnerable people in Pakistan will also be able to benefit the people , who have suffered from this disaster . " According to a Pentagon official with knowledge of the operations , the U.S. is assisting with the delivery of meals to the affected region . A C-130 carrying 12,000 Halal meals  MREs but tailored for people of Islamic faith  was on its way to Pakistan on Saturday . By Saturday afternoon another 45,000 meals were to be delivered . Officials promised further assistance efforts in the coming days . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Displaced residents are unhappy with government response Monsoon rains predicted to start Monday U.N. says nearly 1 million affected by flooding The death toll in Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province hits 800
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton grabbed his second straight pole position to begin the 2014 Formula One season . But he hopes the Malaysian Grand Prix goes better than the opener in Melbourne . Hamilton was forced to retire early into the Australian Grand Prix this month and could only watch as Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg emerged victorious . "  For myself and for the team the priority is to try to bag as many points , collectively , me and Nico , " Hamilton told reporters Saturday . "  I think we have a great opportunity . "  We 've got a great car and the team 's just performing fantastically right now , so fingers crossed we both see our way through to the finish line . " Hamilton bettered reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull by 0.055 seconds in a rain-hit , eventful qualifying session at the Sepang International Circuit for the 33rd pole of his career . That ties him for the British record with Jim Clark . Rosberg was third . "  Today was just incredible , how much , firstly , it rained before qualifying and then during the session it was very , very tricky out there I think for everyone , " said Hamilton . "  Particularly at the end it was almost impossible to see anything . "  During my last lap I just could n't see a thing behind  Force India 's Nico  Hulkenberg . I could n't see where the track went , did n't know where the corners were , when to brake . " Even though he was only fractionally behind Hamilton in qualifying , Vettel suggested Mercedes was the team to beat Sunday . "  I think Mercedes as a team has the best package , " he told reporters . "  They 've done a very good job across the break . "  I think they 're the favorites at the moment , no matter , I think , where we go . As a fact , after that I think it 's fairly close between the other Mercedes-powered teams and probably Ferrari and us . " Former world champion Fernando Alonso finished fourth -- despite colliding with Daniil Kvyat of Toro Rosso -- followed by Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo and Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen . Caterham 's Marcus Ericsson crashed in the first qualifying session , losing control of his car and hitting the wall . Williams ' Valtteri Bottas received a grid penalty -- going from 15th to 18th -- after impeding a not impressed Ricciardo . "  We raced each other a lot in the junior categories and I thought we had a lot of respect for each other , but it 's a little difficult how many times he 's done that now , " Ricciardo was quoted as saying by Autosport.com .	Lewis Hamilton finishes first in qualifying for the Malaysian Grand Prix Hamilton claims his 33rd pole position to equal the British record Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel places second behind Hamilton Wet conditions at the Sepang Circuit made it tricky for drivers Saturday
CNN  -- Two 's company , three 's chaos in "  This Means War , " a high-tech , high-octane gloss on the type of story we 've seen a million times in sitcoms and screwball comedies . Taking his cue from Doug Liman 's "  Mr. & Mrs. Smith , " director McG aims for a kind of macho rom-com , a date movie that appeals to both men and women . The end product is slick , flashy and obnoxious . Reese Witherspoon has top billing , but rising stars Chris Pine and Tom Hardy call the shots as charmingly irresponsible CIA operatives FDR and Tuck . After an embarrassing fracas overseas , these best buds are assigned to office duty . And with homeland security very much on the back burner , it 's not long before their thoughts turn to women ... or , as fate would have it , the same woman . Divorced dad Tuck meets Lauren through a dating agency . They hit it off . But within minutes of their first date , she bumps into FDR , a confirmed bachelor and ladies man . She calls him on his transparent lines , but he 's persistent , and circumstances throw them back together even as she fixes up a second date with Tuck .  Lauren 's a consumer products tester by trade , not someone who 'd buy a car without taking it for a spin . When they realize they 're both chasing the same girl , the guys decide to let the lady make her choice -- without coming clean . Of course , neither can resist spying on the other 's progress , despite a gentleman 's agreement not to . In the movie 's breeziest patches , the two hunks eavesdrop on Lauren as she compares their shortcomings with BFF Trish  an authentically abrasive Chelsea Handler  . It might help if both men did n't come off so self-involved . We 're meant to understand they love each other , as much as -- and probably more than -- Lauren , but that does n't make their romantic trickery any easier to stomach . Hardy is a terrifically intense actor , who made a strong impression in "  Bronson " and "  Warrior , " and will soon be appearing as Bane in "  The Dark Knight Rises . " But he does n't make as much sense as a sensitive and domesticated superagent . Pine , on the other hand , is all too convincing as a smug and superficial womanizer . Witherspoon has the trickiest job of all , trying to retain our sympathies as she falls for both men . She might have pulled it off , except , it seems , "  Charlie 's Angels " director McG is n't interested in the emotional integrity of the character . He appeared far more invested in showing off the latest spyware gizmos and gadgets . In almost every respect , "  This Means War " can be seen as the polar opposite of Witherspoon 's last rom-com , "  How Do You Know . " Most critics were n't kind to that picture  and it bombed in theaters  , but , at the very least , it was an attempt to make sense of sex and romance in a real way . This crass and miscalculated movie might have been engineered by machines .	Director McG aims for a kind of macho rom-com appealing to both sexes Chris Pine and Tom Hardy play CIA operatives who fall for the same woman Hardy cast as sensitive and domesticated , while Pine plays smug womanizer
CNN  -- Maybe if you 're a New Yorker , you grow accustomed to the sight . Maybe if you live in the city , it becomes just another part of the Manhattan landscape . But if you 're from somewhere else , visiting , and you 're not expecting to encounter it ... . Well , you sense that you 've been in front of this building before , even though you never have . You feel it before you fully see it . So it was , early on a recent afternoon , that I was walking east on 72nd Street , approaching Central Park West . I glanced to my left . To say the building is spooky is perhaps too easy . Yet everything about it -- the high gables , the balustrades , the gas lanterns burning even in the daytime , the black iron gates leading into the open interior courtyard -- seems purposely designed to give off an aura of portent . Possibly that impression is merely retrospective -- most likely , when the massive residential building was constructed well over a century ago , the desire was simply to erect a place of urban elegance . And perhaps to the people who live there now , it looks only like home . When the 1968 movie "  Rosemary 's Baby " was filmed , and the exterior of this building -- the Dakota -- was chosen as the site of the eerie tale , the die may have been cast . For anyone who ever saw the movie , the temperature drops a few degrees as soon as those walls come into sight . Yet it is what happened here 29 years ago this week that draws curious visitors still . I heard a voice behind me . "  Is this where ... ? " A young woman was asking her friend the question . "  Yes , " the friend said , not needing to hear the rest . Mark David Chapman shot John Lennon to death next to those courtyard gates on the night of December 8 , 1980 , as Lennon was returning to his home inside the Dakota . Lennon and his wife , Yoko Ono , had spent the evening at a recording studio known as the Record Plant , working on a song called "  Walking on Thin Ice . " As they neared the entrance to the Dakota just before 11 p.m. , Chapman , who that same afternoon , at the same entrance , had asked for and received an autograph from Lennon , waited with a gun . Lennon never had a chance . He would be pronounced dead at the St. Luke 's - Roosevelt Hospital Center . His public life had been somewhat quieter since the breakup of the Beatles ; although many of his admirers around the globe were aware that he had become a resident of New York , relatively few knew exactly where in the city he lived . On the night of the murder , though , as the news of his death quickly spread , so , too , did photographs and live television images of the Dakota . The building on that night became synonymous with heartache , with senseless loss , with joy extinguished . . And here -- as in the waning days of 2009 you find yourself standing on this block without having planned it , as you look at the building you have never before seen with your own eyes -- is what strikes you : To anyone in this city , in this country , in this world , who is younger than 32 or 33 years old , the memory of Lennon is of a man who has always been dead . The murder was past tense by the time people who are now that age first became aware of his name . The Dakota , in its own way , may be , to them , like Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C. , or the triple underpass in Dallas . A place where something terrible happened , yes , but something terrible that happened in history , not in the recollected narrative of their daily lives . I crossed the street called Central Park West and stepped onto the pathway to the park itself . A little girl , around five years old , was coming out of the park with her parents . They obviously had been talking about Lennon , for she said to them : "  Is that where he 's buried ? " As if approaching Grant 's Tomb . Her father said to her : "  No , he was killed there . I do n't know where he is buried . " And they crossed the street , toward the Dakota . The array of John Lennon merchandise for sale by vendors at the entrance to the park -- photos , drawings , postcards -- is understandable from a purely commercial point of view , but is jarring nonetheless near the shadow of the building where he died . It may not be intended as a sign of disrespect , and maybe the sight of this , too , is something to which people who live in New York have long ago become accustomed . Just inside the entrance to the park is the famous Strawberry Fields , named in his memory . The main gathering point is the mosaic with , at its center , the single word : "  Imagine . " One sign near the mosaic announced that the playing of musical instruments is not permitted , but on this day a man sat on a bench facing the mosaic and strummed a wooden acoustic guitar . As he played the song "  In My Life , " he sang , with a wavery voice , the words : "  There are places I remember ... " Fans remember Lennon On Tuesday , as the anniversary of the murder arrives , perhaps the mood will be solemn in Strawberry Fields . But on this day , at least on this hour of this day , it was intermittently lighthearted . People sprawled on their backs on top of the mosaic , grinning and spreading their arms and legs in "  Hard Day 's Night " or "  Help ! " quasi-Beatles poses . Friends with cameras knelt near them , trying to angle the lens upward at a severe enough degree to include the looming vision of the Dakota in the shot . There was a little informal line as people waited their own turn to pose on the "  Imagine " mosaic . The man with the guitar sang : "  But of all these friends and lovers ... " Another snap of another camera . " ... there is no one , compares with you ... " Twenty-nine Decembers ago , a man on 72nd Street wanted only one thing : To get home for the night . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Greene : The events of 29 years ago still draw visitors to the Dakota John Lennon was killed outside the Dakota on December 8 , 1980 Greene : The Dakota became synonymous with heartache after Lennon 's death
CNN  -- Democrats need to show more political spine when it comes to the issue of taxes . This week , income taxes are on everybody 's mind with Tuesday 's filing deadline in view . Republicans have no interest in defending the progressive income tax system . Rand Paul , with an eye toward 2016 , has called for a flat tax with one rate for all income levels . In their minds , the progressive tax is system has often been inequitable , and they claim that those who work hard are penalized for spurring economic growth rather than rewarded . Ever since conservatives undertook their "  starve the beast " strategy in the early 1980s , Republicans have also been aware that continually cutting taxes is the best way to ensure that Democrats wo n't have the money they need to start new government programs . But Democrats ca n't afford to sit still when it comes to this issue . Too often in recent decades , Democrats have desperately tried to avoid the subject of taxes . When Republicans complain that taxes are bad , Democrats slip into the corner so that nobody asks them what they think . Ever since Ronald Reagan came to Washington in 1981 and slashed tax rates to historically low levels , Democrats have always felt that talking about a more vigorous progressive income tax system that brings more revenue into the federal government is toxic . They all remember when Democratic presidential candidate Walter Mondale admitted in a debate against Ronald Reagan in 1984 that he would raise taxes and suffered as a result . When President Bill Clinton took the step of raising taxes in 1993 to curb the deficit , his party suffered in the 1994 midterm elections . President Obama , who simply decided not to restore some of the Bush tax cuts , came under intense criticism and was branded a tax and spend liberal . The failure to defend taxation has its cost . At a time everyone is celebrating Lyndon Johnson 's historic achievement with the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , Democrats should remember the consequences of another piece of legislation passed 50 years ago -- the Revenue Act of 1964 which provided an across-the-board tax cut , reducing top rates from 91 % to 70 % , the bottom rate from 20 % to 10 % and the corporate rate from 52 % to 48 % . This too was a historic tax cut , unequaled at the time , that liberal economists had proposed as a way to stimulate consumer demand . While many liberals signed on to the tax cut , including President Johnson , others warned that it would starve the government of needed revenue right as the President was embarking on an effort to build a Great Society . To obtain passage of the tax cut , which Johnson believed would stimulate the economy by the time of the 1964 election , he agreed to a stringent budget in order to win over the support of Virginia Democrat Harry Byrd , the conservative southern chairman of the Senate Finance Committee . As a result of the tax cut , Johnson did n't have much money to play with early in his term . When he convinced Congress to pass the War on Poverty in 1964 , it was done on the cheap . Congress did n't allocate , and he did n't ask for , sufficient money to construct programs capable of really taking a bite out of economic inequality . Many of the programs still did well and provided a huge boost to the disadvantaged , but the money that would have been needed to really eradicate poverty was never there . Johnson also backed away from other proposals , like the public works programs his Secretary of Labor Willard Wirtz was proposing , because he did n't want to endanger the tax cut and did n't have enough funds to do more . Later in his presidency , Johnson would also hesitate to propose increased taxes to finance the war in Vietnam . He waited too long , fearful of the political consequences , finally approaching Congress in 1967 to ask for a temporary tax surcharge . But he did so when his political stock had fallen and the war was controversial . Congress passed a 10 % , temporary tax surcharge in 1968 , but only after forcing Johnson to agree to steep cuts in domestic spending and after inflation had really taken off . Another Democrat who took a very different approach to taxes was Franklin Roosevelt , the architect of the New Deal . Early in the 1930s , FDR displayed an antipathy toward taxation , generally resisting any efforts to undertake a mass expansion of the tax system , which then only touched a small portion of the population . But did finally take steps to increase taxes on the wealthy , such as the enactment of the "  Wealth Tax " in 1935 as well as the earmarked taxes tied to Social Security . In the middle of World War II , FDR became even bolder . He understood that we have to pay if we want the government to do great things . In other words , we needed "  Taxes to Beat the Axis . " In 1943 and 1944 , FDR undertook a massive expansion of the income tax system , expanding the number of people subject to the income tax from 4 million to 44 million and instituting the policy of withholding at the source . The Department of Treasury conducted an aggressive campaign -- using film , radio and more -- to sell Americans on the idea that they had to sacrifice , through taxes , while other Americans were sacrificing their lives . Even Donald Duck was called in with the movie "  The New Spirit " to persuade the nation that taxes were a patriotic duty . Irving Berlin wrote "  I Paid My Income Tax Today , " which reminded Americans : "  You see those bombers in the sky ? Rockefeller helped to build them -- so did I ! " The campaign worked and the tax system put into place remained a permanent part of the political landscape with upper level taxes reaching over 90 % in the 1950s . While proposing taxes is politically frightening , it is necessary . And Democrats , as the party that believes in government , must also be willing to defend and fight for the progressive tax system that has been the backbone of domestic and foreign policy since the start of the 20th century . They need to find a way to build support for increasing rates and filling loopholes such as lower rates on dividends and capital gains and the earnings of hedge fund millionaires -- all of which exacerbate the problem of inequality in America . If Democrats do n't do something to shore up the progressive income tax system , they will continue to see the funds of government erode , limiting what they can do or even imagine .	Julian Zelizer : When Republicans attack progressive taxes , Democrats usually hide He says Democrats need to advocate for a progressive system and use it to fund programs The GOP 's "  starve the beast " strategy has kept government from tackling key problems , he says
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is expected to begin radiation treatment Sunday in Cuba , where he underwent cancer surgery late last month . Chavez flew to Havana late Saturday night . His treatment is expected to last about a month , he said in a message on state media before departing . In February , Cuban doctors removed a tumor , which Chavez said was smaller than another tumor removed in June . "  I 've decided , based on the recommendations of my medical and political teams , to begin ... radiation therapy as a complement to the surgery I had four weeks ago , " the president said during comments broadcast by the Venezuelan state-run news channel VTV . Chavez has not specified the type of cancer he is battling , and the government has released few specifics , fueling widespread speculation about his health and political future . The 57-year-old outspoken , flamboyant socialist leader has led Venezuela since 1999 and has pledged to run for re-election in October . His trip comes at the same time Pope Benedict is scheduled to visit the Caribbean island . The pope , who is on a six-day tour of Mexico and Cuba , is expected to visit Santiago de Cuba and Havana next week . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	Chavez has not specified the type of cancer he is battling The charismatic and controversial leader is up for re-election in October
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Doctors at a Sri Lankan hospital operated for three hours Friday to remove 18 nails and metal particles allegedly hammered into the arms , legs and forehead of a maid by her Saudi employer . Dr. Kamal Weeratunga said the surgical team in the southern town of Kamburupitiya pulled nails ranging from about one to three inches from Lahadapurage Daneris Ariyawathie 's body . He said doctors have not yet removed four small metal particles embedded in her muscles . "  She is under heavy antibiotics but in a stable condition , " Weeratunga said . Sri Lankan officials , meanwhile , met with Saudi diplomats in Colombo to urge an investigation into the incident . "  It was cruel treatment which should be roundly condemned , " said L.K. Ruhunuge of the Sri Lanka Bureau of Foreign Employment . He said the Sri Lanka government has forwarded to Saudi authorities a detailed report on the incident including statements from Ariyawathie . Ariyawathie left Sri Lanka on March 25 to work as a housemaid in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia after the bureau registered her as a person obtaining a job from an officially recognized job agency . She was held down by her employer 's wife while the employer hammered the heated nails , Ruhunuge told CNN . She apparently had complained to the couple that she was being overworked , Ruhunuge said . The nails were hammered into her arms and legs while one was on her forehead , he said . "  Most of the wounds are superficial but five to 10 are somewhat deep , " said Dr. Prabath Gajadeera of the Base Hospital . "  Luckily , none of the organs is affected . Only nerves and blood vessels are affected . " Ariyawathie , 49 , is a mother of two children who were opposed to their mother 's journey to Saudi Arabia for work . Several countries across the Middle East and Asia host significant numbers of migrant domestic workers , ranging from 196,000 in Singapore to about 1.5 million in Saudi Arabia , according to a report published earlier this year by Human Rights Watch . Many of the domestic workers are poor Asian women from Sri Lanka , Indonesia , India , Bangladesh , the Philippines and Nepal . Widespread abuse has been documented by global human rights groups . Common complaints include unpaid wages , long working hours with no time for rest , and heavy debt burdens from exorbitant recruitment fees , said the Human Rights Watch report . Isolation and forced confinement contribute to psychological and physical abuse , sexual violence , forced labor , and trafficking , the report said . The abuse often goes unchecked because of a lack of government regulation and protective laws . Ruhunuge said the registration of the local job agency that placed Ariyawathie has been cancelled . "  We have also asked -LSB- them -RSB- to pay compensation to the victim , " he added . "  We want to bring those responsible for justice . We are doing our best in this regard , " he said . He said his office was ready to accompany Ariyawathie to Saudi Arabia to testify if a case is brought against her former employers . Ariyawathie 's dream was to one day return to Sri Lanka and build a house with the money she saved . "  We are looking at the possibility of helping her to do this , " Ruhunuge said . Karu Jayasuriya , deputy leader of the main opposition United National Party , visited Ariyawathie in the hospital and said he was appalled . "  We want the government to raise this issue at the highest levels with the Saudi government . We can not imagine that such crude and uncivilized things are happening to our workers , " he said . Saudi officials were not immediately available for comment .	NEW : Doctors remove nails from the maid 's body She was attacked after complaining of being overworked Sri Lankan officials are urging the Saudis to conduct an investigation The victim is among thousands of Sri Lankan migrant workers
CNN  -- A sheriff 's deputy who shot and killed a 13-year-old California boy last year when he mistook a toy gun for a real rifle did not break the law , a prosecutor said Monday . The investigation concluded that since Deputy Erick Gelhaus "  honestly and reasonably believed " his life was in danger , the shooting of Andy Lopez was "  lawful self-defense , " said Sonoma County , California , District Attorney Jill Ravitch . The Sonoma County deputy said he thought Lopez was armed with an AK-47 , but it was actually a replica . Gelhaus said that when he yelled at the boy , whose back was turned to him , to put the weapon down , the boy turned toward him , according to a sheriff 's statement issued after the October 22 , 2013 , shooting in Santa Rosa , California . As Lopez turned "  toward him , the barrel of the assault rifle was rising up and turning in his direction , " the statement said . "  The deputy feared for his safety , the safety of his partner , and the safety of the community members in the area . " Ravitch displayed a photo of the plastic replica next to a real AK-47 assault rifle to demonstrate to reporters why she decided not to prosecute the deputy . Justice Coalition for Andy Lopez , which was formed in the wake of the shooting , called for supporters to gather in Santa Rosa on Monday afternoon to protest the decision . "  It 's ridiculous that these cops can be on our streets and think it 's OK to use the excuse that they feared for their life when they kill our children , when they kill our youth , when they kill anybody , " Lopez supporter Nicole Guerra said after the announcement . "  These kids now have to walk around in fear because they know that these cops can get away with murder . " An autopsy report said the boy died of seven bullet wounds to the chest and right hip . Family friend Gabriel Roque said in an interview with CNN affiliate KGO last October that Lopez "  was a 13-year-old boy who was no harm to anybody . " "  This was not a grown man walking down the street with a gun , " she told the affiliate . "  He was a 13-year-old little boy . You could just tell him to put it down . "	Deputy Gelhaus "  honestly and reasonably believed " his life was in danger , prosecutor says The shooting of Andy Lopez was "  lawful self-defense , " District Attorney Jill Ravitch says "  These cops can get away with murder , " protester says Lopez carried a replica AK-47 when he was shot to death last October
CNN  -- The draft for the first edition of International Premier Tennis League  IPTL  Sunday has attracted the top ranked players in the men 's and women 's game , Rafael Nadal and Serena Williams . Teams based in Mumbai , Bangkok , Singapore and Dubai will contest the event from November 27-December 14 later this year with 24 matches taking place across the four host cities . Spain 's Nadal was picked for Mumbai , who also include 14-time grand slam legend Pete Sampras , while his WTA Tour counterpart Williams is in the Singapore line-up . Novak Djokovic will feature for Dubai , with Wimbledon champion Andy Murray representing Bangkok . The event is the brainchild of Indian doubles star Mahesh Bhupathi and the concept is modeled on cricket 's Indian Premier League . A total sum of $ 23,975,000 was spent across the four teams , with Bhupathi delighted to have attracted a clutch of current and former champions . "  We 've got some unbelievably strong teams . I think out of the 28 players that got drafted we have about 21 Grand Slam champions . We have 14 present and past number ones . It 's a pretty blockbuster field , " Bhupathi said . The dates are during the off-season for both the ATP and WTA Tour , but there are some notable absentees with both Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova sitting it out . Australian Open champion Li Na is also missing despite her popularity in Asia and her male counterpart Stanislas Wawrinka has joined fellow Swiss star Federer on the sidelines . The matches will be in best-of-five format with single set contests in men 's singles , women 's singles , men 's doubles , mixed doubles and past champions singles . The schedule will see matches in Singapore , followed by Bangkok and Mumbai with the finale in Dubai .	International Premier Tennis League  IPTL  holds first draft Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Serena Williams to take part Four teams based in cities in Asia Roger Federer a notable absentee for Nov 27-Dec 14 event
CNN  -- David Villa has become the top scorer in Spanish international history after netting both goals as the world and European champions fought back from going a goal behind to beat the Czech Republic 2-1 in Euro 2012 Group I on Friday . Barcelona striker Villa netted twice in five second half minutes in Granada to take his tally for his country to 46 goals in just 72 appearances . The 29-year-old had come into the match level with Raul on 44 goals , but the Real Madrid legend played in 102 matches to achieve his total . The match also saw Villa 's Barca teammate Xavi Hernandez win his 100th cap for his country , becoming only the fourth Spaniard to achieve that feat after Raul , Andoni Zubizarreta and Iker Casillas . In amongst all the record breaking , the visiting Czechs threatened to cause an upset when taking a first half lead through Jaroslav Plasil 's speculative long-range strike . But Villa levelled in the 69th minute after being put through by Andres Iniesta and he secured Spain 's win from the penalty spot four minutes later after Iniesta had been fouled by Jan Rezek . The victory was Spain 's 10th in a row in competitive matches following their loss to Switzerland in their opening World Cup finals match in South Africa . Vicente Del Bosque 's side have a maximum 12 points from their four group matches , with the Czechs in second place six points behind .	David Villa scores both goals in Spain 's 2-1 victory over Czech Republic The double means the Barcelona striker is now the top scorer in Spanish history Villa overtakes Real Madrid legend Raul and is now on 46 goals from 72 games Xavi Hernandez becomes only fourth player to make 100 appearances for Spain
CNN  -- Political consensus was hard to find at last month 's Rio +20 Earth Summit but there was at least one group speaking with unity on the planet 's environmental and economic future . Hundreds of activists gathered on the city 's Copacabana Beach to make a simple demand of their elected leaders and representatives : Commit to ending fossil fuel subsidies , now . More than a million people around the world -- including actor Robert Redford and comedian Stephen Fry - were quick to lend their support by backing #endfossilfuelsubsidies , an affiliated online campaign . But as the summit came to a close it became clear that no new enforceable commitments on the issue were to be included in the final version of the Rio agreement text . For those behind the protest however , the widespread exposure and support afforded the oft ignored subject ensured their efforts still represented a success . See also : Was Rio +20 a failure of political leadership ? "  This all falls into changing our energy usage patterns , which I believe is the pre-eminent challenge of the 21st century , " says Steve Kretzmann , founder of Oil Change International , an environmental advocacy group that backs the #endfossilfuelsubsidies campaign . "  The first place to start is to stop putting public money towards fossil fuels , " he adds . "  This is not because anybody has it in for the fossil fuel industry . What we 're talking about is what the public 's money actually should support . " Estimates as to how much this support equates to vary from study to study , as do methods and standards for calculation . The International Energy Agency  IEA  reported that internationally $ 409 billion worth of government money flowed into the coffers of the fossil fuel industry in consumption subsidies  designed to make fuel more affordable and accessible to the consumer  in 2010 . A separate study from the U.S. Natural Resources Defense Council estimates that global fossil fuel subsidies will reach $ 775 billion this year when producer subsidies  designed to facilitate greater fuel production  are added on . However Kretzmann believes these figures may only be the tip of the iceberg and could actually top $ 1 trillion every year . He says there is often a lack of transparency in how some governments report the incentives , with many transferred as hard-to-calculate tax credits . Kretzmann similarly laments the comparatively sparse investment in renewable energy subsidies  which stood at $ 66 billion in 2010 according to the IEA  as a wasted opportunity to create less polluting energy sources whilst encouraging growth in the green economy . "  At the end of the day , not only is this bad policy but its also bad economics , " he says . "  Long term , renewables are a better option for the environment and the economy . There are multiple studies that show how much more labor intensive renewables are and how they create more jobs per unit of energy created . " See also : Who 's funding green energy However others are more cautious about the consequences that an about-turn in energy policy could create . "  In certain countries and situations , subsidies are essential to peoples way of life , " says Dan Kish the deputy vice-president of policy at the Institute for Energy Research , a Washington D.C. based organization that advocates free market energy policies . Any alteration to this arrangement could cause prices to balloon , weakening development and in the worst case scenario leading to social unrest , he adds . Kish points out that a large proportion of subsidies are in fact designed to keep fuel prices artificially low , enabling consumers in some of the world 's poorest regions access to basic energy products . "  At the G20 they are calling for the end of fossil fuels subsidies but what they are really talking about is the developing world , " he says . "  If you want a pejorative to describe the situation ... what we 've got is a bunch of rich countries whose people have used energy to become rich assigning blame for subsidies on those countries that are poorer . " See also : The problem with fossil fuel subsidies Kish also believes that renewables still ca n't compete with traditional energy sources in terms of their cost effectiveness , accessibility and energy output . "  The only fair way to look at subsidies is to analyze the subsidy per unit of energy produced . On that score the numbers are incredibly slanted against renewables , " he says . "  Just because you can make energy from something does n't mean that it makes sense competitively or economically . " Effective and efficient energy policy in the long term , Kish explains , would see individual countries pursue the sources of energy that are most accessible and affordable to them , be they renewable or fossil fuel . "  The best energy policy is that which makes energy as cheap , reliable and abundant as possible for the most people so that economies can grow , " he says .	Activists called for an end to fossil fuel subsidies at last month 's Rio +20 Earth Summit Subsidies for the fossil fuel sector total $ 1 trillion annually , according to Oil Change International OCI says public money should not be going to industries that contribute to climate change Others believe cutting fossil fuel subsidies could hit the people in the developing world hardest
Editor 's note : Clark Howard , the Atlanta , Georgia-based host of a nationally syndicated radio show , hosts a television show designed to help viewers save more , spend less and avoid getting ripped off during these tough economic times . The show airs at noon and 4 p.m. ET Saturdays and Sundays on HLN . Clark Howard says , "  The only smart move is to pay your debt down or pay it off entirely . " ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- I 've been getting many calls from listeners who are outraged or perplexed by the actions of their credit card issuer . The issuing banks are raising interest rates by 20 percent or more -- even if the individual has good credit , has never been late on a payment or has n't even had any change in their credit standing . This is happening across all income levels . It 's even affecting successful business owners and moderate to wealthy individuals . Fortune magazine recently spotlighted one small business owner who had a card that went from nearly 8 percent to 26 percent , even though nothing changed with his finances or payment history . Bank of America , Citibank and Capital One are among the big issuers arbitrarily jacking up rates in the face of what they often cite as a "  continually changing business environment . " In fact , the Federal Reserve reports 37 percent of banks have increased their interest rates . The reality is that the banks are fearful of the high rate of credit card default , and they know they 've got you if you 're among the 70 percent of Americans who carry a month-to-month balance . The good news here is that there are new rules coming that will stop the banks from retroactively raising the rate on existing balances you already carry . The banks will still , however , be able to raise the rates if you stop paying as well as on all future purchases . But what stinks is that these rules wo n't go into effect until July 2010 . That gives the banks plenty of time to lobby members of Congress and get this pending legislation overturned . For right now , the problem with banks jacking up the rates is that they 're making it tougher for someone who might have been able to pay at 5 percent but could never pay at 30 percent , for example . So they 're setting you up for failure , and they 're shooting themselves in the foot at the same time . The only smart move is to pay your debt down or pay it off entirely . And do n't assume you 're a sitting duck if your credit standing is decent . You can always shop around for a card that has a lower rate . Try looking at Web sites such as CardWeb.com or CardTrak.com to find the best rates . I also have a special warning for you if you 're buried in debt and thinking about using one of those debt-negotiation firms that advertise all over the Internet and late-night TV . Do not believe these people about their ability to negotiate with your credit card company and reduce your outstanding balance by 50 percent or more . These con artists get you to pay them money as a retainer and then tell you to stop making all payments while they negotiate on your behalf . But they 're rip-off artists through and through . Many banks wo n't even take a phone call from these people anymore because they 're on to their game . That leaves you scammed out of your retainer fee while your bills continue to pile up . There is a better way to address your debt . Try calling your credit card company and telling them you 're in over your head . You may get blown off , or they may work with you . If you do get the cold shoulder , go to NFCC.org -- the National Foundation for Credit Counseling -- and find a local affiliate who can help you come up with a debt-conquering plan for free or very low cost . You did n't get into credit card debt overnight , and you wo n't get out of it overnight ; the recovery is going to be a slow step-by-step process .	Clark Howard : Banks raising interest rates on credit cards by 20 percent or more Even people with good credit ratings who pay on time are getting hit , Howard says In 2010 , rules will stop banks from retroactively raising rate on existing balances Howard advises consumers to pay down or pay off credit card debt
Washington  CNN  -- A former State Department analyst was sentenced to life in prison Friday for spying for Cuba for almost 30 years . His wife and partner in spying received a sentence of six years and nine months , but will get credit for more than a year already served . Kendall Myers , 73 , pleaded guilty last November to conspiracy to commit espionage and wire fraud . His wife , Gwendolyn Steingraber Myers , 72 , admitted to one count of conspiracy to gather and transmit national defense information . Kendall Myers ' life sentence does not include the possibility of parole . In a prepared statement , Myers said he and his wife never wanted to harm Americans . "  We wish to add at this time that we acted as we did for 30 years because of our ideals and beliefs , " he said . "  We did not seek nor receive payment for our work . We did not act out of anger at the United States or from a feeling of anti-Americanism . Nor did we ever intend to hurt any individual Americans . Our overriding objective was to help the Cuban people defend their revolution . We also hoped to forestall conflict between the two countries . " "  We share the dreams and ideals of the Cuban revolution , " he added . "  We are equally committed to helping the struggling people of the world , whether they are here at home or abroad . " As part of their sentences , the couple also agreed to pay the government more than $ 1.7 million , a figure matching Kendall Myers ' estimated salary over the years while working for the U.S. government and secretly spying for Cuba . The two were arrested in June 2009 after meeting several times with an undercover FBI agent to whom they admitted their activities on behalf of Cuba . Those meetings were captured on video and audio tape . Court documents painted an intriguing picture of a couple motivated by admiration for Fidel Castro and the Cuban revolution . They used code names . Kendall Myers was known as Agent 202 . Gwendolyn Myers used the names Agent 123 and Agent E-634 . They used a shortwave radio to communicate from their District of Columbia home with their Cuban handlers . The couple also admitted they met Cuban agents on overseas trips to various places , including Trinidad and Tobago , Jamaica , Mexico , Brazil , Ecuador and Argentina . Kendall Myers worked at the State Department 's Foreign Service Institute and later at the department 's Bureau of Intelligence and Research . He received a "  top secret " security clearance in 1985 . According to court documents , Myers told the undercover FBI agent he usually took information from the State Department by memorizing it or taking notes , and upon occasion he actually took classified documents home . Gwendolyn Myers said she would process the information to be delivered to their Cuban intelligence handlers . At the request of the defense , U.S. District Judge Reggie Walton agreed to recommend the Myerses serve their time in facilities near one another to make it easier for family members to visit them . The Bureau of Prisons will make the ultimate decision on that .	Kendall Myers says he never wanted to "  hurt any individual Americans " Myers is sentenced to life ; his wife is sentenced to more than 6 years Both were accused of spying for Cuba for almost 30 years They also agreed to repay the government more than $ 1.7 million
Editor 's note : David B. Givens is Director of the Center for Nonverbal Studies in Spokane , Washington . He is the author of "  Love Signals : A Practical Field Guide to the Body Language of Courtship "  St. Martin 's , New York , 2005  , "  Crime Signals : How to Spot a Criminal Before You Become a Victim "  St. Martin 's , 2008  , and the forthcoming "  The Body of Work : Sightreading the Language of Business , Bosses , and Boardrooms . " His online Nonverbal Dictionary is used around the world as a reference tool . Barack and Michelle Obama celebrate winning the Democratic nomination with a fist bump in 2008 . SPOKANE , Washington  CNN  -- The H1N1 swine flu virus is putting our most familiar gesture of greeting -- handshakes -- at risk . As an anthropologist who watches people for a living , I can tell you that human beings touch their own faces with their own fingertips hundreds , if not thousands of times a day . Repeated face touching -- especially finger contact with eyelids , lips , and nostrils -- is as predictable as blinking . You 'll observe hand-to-face gestures in every culture and society , as well as in our closest primate relatives , the monkeys and apes . There 's nothing wrong with face touching . Nothing , that is , unless you 're afraid of germs . And today , many of us around the world are terrified by these tiny organisms , especially ones that cause swine flu . Merely by shaking the hand of someone infected by the swine-flu virus , we risk infection each time we inadvertently reach up and touch our faces . Physicians urge that we wash right after shaking hands . But since the anthropologist in me knows that , as a primate , you 'll touch your face before washing , germs will inevitably visit unsuspecting lids , lip , and noses . The human handshake itself , meanwhile , is a widespread gesture used for meeting , greeting , and sealing a deal . It 's a ritualized gripping of another 's hand , with one or more up-and-down  or , in Texas , sideways  motions followed by a quick release . Since the fingertips and palm of the hand are exquisitely sensitive , the shake itself can be deeply personal . We instantly feel the warmth or coolness , dryness or moistness , and firmness or weakness of another 's grip . Sensory input from a hand 's thermal and pressure receptors to the brain 's sensory cortex and then to deeper , emotional brain areas can be intense . If you travel to France , be prepared to shake hands dozens of times a day . Office workers in Paris , for example , may shake in the morning to greet , and in the afternoon to say goodbye , to colleagues . Outside vendors and technicians will handshake with everyone present when they enter or leave an office . The risk of hand-carried flu virus is thus greater here than it is in the United States , where handshaking is far less frequent . Contrast this to the Japanese practice of giving fewer handshakes , still , in favor of polite bows of the head . In all three nations , casual face touching is frequent , but germs in Tokyo are less apt to spread through handshakes . In Islamic nations , it is strictly taboo for men to shake hands in public with women . So , Muslim couples are less likely to exchange swine-flu germs through manual contact than are business men and women in , say , Seattle , Washington . Since in much of the world a handshake is both a visual and a tactile index of your concern for other people , it 's hard to hold one back . In North America , Latin America , and Europe , when someone holds out a hand , it 's difficult not to just take a step forward and shake . You do n't want , after all , to seem rude . In Asia , South Asia , and the Middle East , handshaking may be more nuanced than in the West , or even absent . An Asian namasté , with your palms and fingers pressed together in front of your chest , given with a slight bow -- or a Muslim salaam , in which your right hand touches your forehead , also given with a slight bow , may be proffered instead of a handshake . While you 'll see the same incidence of facial touching -- to wipe a lip , relieve tension , or scratch an itch -- the fingertips themselves wo n't carry germs born of handshakes . So , what are we face-touchers in the rest of the world to do ? Are we doomed to spread flu germs through our practice of ritually of gripping each other 's hands ? The short answer is no . Thanks to a pair of the planet 's most well known human primates , we now have a healthier hand sign with which to meet and greet . Since the Obama-Lama "  fist bumps " have been so well publicized of late , I 'm sure you 've seen it in newspapers and magazines and on Web sites and TV . Primates are the most imitative of all of Earth 's animals , so do n't be surprised if you find yourself bumping fists -- a lot -- in the weeks and months ahead . On September 22 , 2009 , the Dalai Lama was welcomed to Memphis , Tennessee , not with a handshake but with a fist bump from interim Memphis Mayor Myron Lowery . The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader balled up his fist and reached it forward to make friendly contact with the mayor 's own proffered balled-up fist . From his smiling face , I could tell the Dalai Lama enjoyed his new greeting ritual . It looked as if he were playing with the cue . Though it was unclear if either of the fist-bumpers had flu phobia , that they touched with the knuckles instead of the fingertips rendered disease transmission far less likely . A year earlier , on June 3 , 2008 , then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama tenderly fist bumped with his wife Michelle , in what The Washington Post called "  the fist bump heard ` round the world . " That a U.S. president publicly performed the fist bump -- a gesture that originated partly from the sportsman 's palm high-slap of victory and partly from the Black Power fist of the 1970s -- has given the gesture staying power , even though some people were critical of its use . It will last considerably longer than Andy Warhol 's "  15 minutes of fame . " Thanks to Barack Obama , the Dalai Lama , and the swine flu , the fist bump will surely show up at a greeting near you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Givens .	David Givens : H1N1 flu is prompting focus on how we greet each other He says handshakes create risk of spreading the flu virus Fist bumps are a less risky way of greeting people Givens : Obamas and Dalai Lama have popularized the fist bump
CNN  -- Federal authorities are using words uttered by the co-founder of a radical Islamic group to charge him with threats against the creators of "  South Park . " A criminal complaint alleging the communication of threats was filed in Virginia late last week against Jesse Curtis Morton , also known as Younus Abdullah Mohammad . A senior law enforcement source Thursday told CNN , which interviewed Morton in 2009 , that the suspect is believed to be in Morocco , where he maintains Islampolicy.com , an English-language website propagating pro al Qaeda views . That website is a successor to Revolutionmuslim.com . Morton , a former resident of Brooklyn , New York , is the second person charged in the "  South Park " case . In February , Zachary Adam Chesser , 21 , who admitted to posting online threats , was sentenced to 25 years in prison . Chesser , a Muslim convert , encouraged violent jihadists to attack "  South Park " writers for an episode that depicted the Prophet Mohammed in a bear suit , court documents said . Chesser posted online messages that included the writers ' home addresses and urged online readers to "  pay them a visit , " the documents said . In an affidavit accompanying the recent complaint against Morton , FBI special agent Paula R. Menges said Morton , co-founder of the group called Revolution Muslim , worked with Chesser on a "  clarification statement " after Chesser 's postings . The pair made website postings that were -- despite their claims -- threats , Menges said . The agent also contends the statement contained pages of justification under Islamic law for the death of those who insult Islam or defame its prophet . Revolution Muslim 's 2008 co-founders , Yousef al-Khattab and Morton , were both interviewed by CNN 's Drew Griffin in October 2009 . In the interview Morton , a convert to Islam and one-time follower of the Grateful Dead , defended the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks and argued that further attacks on Americans were justified . He told Griffin he did not encourage violence on U.S. soil . The government affidavit cites the CNN interview . "  We 're commanded to terrorize the disbelievers , " Morton told Griffin . "  The Quran says very clearly in the Arabic language ... this means ` terrorize them . ' It 's a command from Allah . " Morton said he did not define terrorism as killing innocent civilians . "  I define terrorism as making them fearful , so that they think twice before they go rape your mother or kill your brother or go into your land and try to steal your resources . " Efforts by CNN Thursday to reach Morton were unsuccessful . The senior law enforcement source told CNN 's Paul Cruickshank if Morton crosses into U.S. jurisdiction or into a country with extradition treaty with United States , he will be arrested . Morocco and the United States do not have a bilateral extradition treaty , according to the Congressional Research Service . The source said the complaint was linked to the Chesser case and that Morton 's activities were a concern to U.S. counterterrorism agencies . Revolutionmuslim.com was the subject of a CNN investigation for its radical rhetoric supporting "  jihad " against the West and praising al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Its organizers insisted they acted within the law and seek to protect Islam . In April 2010 , Revolutionmuslim.com posted an entry that included a warning to "  South Park " creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone that they risked violent retribution after the 200th episode of the cartoon series included a satirical discussion about whether an image of the prophet could be shown . In the end , he was portrayed disguised in a bear suit . "  We have to warn Matt and Trey that what they are doing is stupid , " the posting on Revolutionmuslim.com says , "  and they will probably wind up like Theo Van Gogh for airing this show . This is not a threat , but a warning of the reality of what will likely happen to them . " Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh was stabbed to death on a street in Amsterdam , Netherlands , by an Islamic extremist in 2004 . He became the target of radical Muslims after releasing a short film about oppression of Islamic women in Europe . Revolutionmuslim.com last spring said despite the provocative post , the site was calling simply for protest , not violence . Chesser and Morton "  purported to deny " that they were inciting violence , according to the FBI agent 's affidavit , but said "  our position remains that it is likely the creators of ` South Park ' will indeed end up like Theo Van Gogh . " In December 2010 , Revolutionmuslim.com co-founder al-Khattab told CNN the defunct website became a "  bug light for Muslim misfits . " And he said he regretted that his message was taken by some as a justification to attack civilians . "  It was an idiotic thing , looking back on things now , " al-Khattab told Griffin . Morton in 2009 told CNN that "  Americans will always be a target -- and a legitimate target -- until America changes its nature in the international arena . " CNN 's Drew Griffin , Paul Cruickshank and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	A Muslim convert is charged with communicating threats The New York native is implicated in threats against "  South Park " creators He is believed to be operating a website from Morocco
CNN  It does n't get much better than an overwater bungalow in the Maldives . Three of the world 's top 25 hotels , according to TripAdvisor , embrace this tried-and-true combo for blissful luxury vacationing . The mammoth travel site announced its TripAdvisor Travelers ' Choice awards for hotels Wednesday . More than 8,100 properties in eight regions received recognition in the 13th annual awards , which are based on the quality and quantity of traveler reviews . Gili Lankanfushi Maldives earned the top global award . Private butler service adds to the pampering at the resort in the North Male Atoll . Maldives resorts Cocoa Island  No. 6  and Constance Moofushi  No. 15  also ranked among the world 's best hotels . Here are the top 25 on the global list : 1 . Gili Lankanfushi Maldives 2 . Nayara Hotel , Spa & Gardens , La Fortuna de San Carlos , Costa Rica 3 . Shinta Mani Club , Siem Reap , Cambodia 4 . Four Seasons Hotel Gresham Palace Budapest , Hungary 5 . Belmond Palacio Nazarenas , Cusco , Peru 6 . Cocoa Island by COMO , Maldives 7 . Hotel Alpin Spa Tuxerhof , Tux , Austria 8 . Al Maha , Dubai , United Arab Emirates 9 . St. Hubertus Hotel , Gramado , Brazil 10 . Tambo del Inka , Urubamba , Peru 11 . Hotel Belvedere , Riccione , Italy 12 . Four Seasons Country Club , Quinta do Lago , Portugal 13 . Dar Al Masyaf at Madinat Jumeirah , Dubai , United Arab Emirates 14 . Mandarin Oriental Pudong , Shanghai , China 15 . Constance Moofushi , Maldives 16 . The Gritti Palace , Venice , Italy 17 . Constance Le Prince Maurice , Mauritius 18 . Harvey 's Point , Donegal Town , Ireland 19 . The Upper House , Hong Kong 20 . Haymarket Hotel , London 21 . Casa Gangotena , Quito , Ecuador 22 . The Langham , Chicago 23 . The Oberoi , Mauritius 24 . Kayakapi Premium Caves , Cappadocia , Turkey 25 . The Royal Savoy Sharm El Sheikh , Egypt In addition to the global list , TripAdvisor also parsed award winners by country and region , with 98 country lists and 8 regional lists . The Langham , Chicago earned the top spot on the U.S. hotels list . The 316-room Windy City hotel has been impressing guests since it opened in 2013 . Nightly rates in 2015 average about $ 440 , according to TripAdvisor , but now 's a good time to go . Rates in January are likely to be the year 's lowest , averaging just under $ 350 . The No. 2 hotel in the United States , the French Quarter Inn in Charleston , South Carolina , is also offering its lowest rates of the year , according to TripAdvisor . January rates average $ 360 , compared with a 2015 nightly average of $ 465 . Other imminent considerations ? Romance . With Valentine 's Day just around the corner , the Inn Above Oak Creek in Sedona , Arizona , is likely to see a flurry of reservations . It received top honors as the best hotel for romance in the United States . For the world 's most romantic hotel , head to Ko Tao , Thailand , for a stay at the luxury villas at The Place .	TripAdvisor announces Travelers ' Choice awards for hotels A Maldives resort earns the top global award
CNN  Walk through the streets of Kobani , and the devastation wrought by fighting ISIS is immeasurable . Entire buildings reduced to heap of rubble . A hospital virtually obliterated . Shoes and clothes strewn throughout the debris , their owners nowhere to be found . After four months of intense fighting , Kurdish Peshmerga forces have liberated the Syrian city from the grip of ISIS . Their prize : utter devastation . Kobani has been a coveted prize for ISIS , which has been on a murderous campaign to establish an Islamic state across parts of Syria and Iraq . The city sits on the border with Turkey and would have given ISIS a complete swath of land between its self-declared capital in Raqqa , Syria , and Turkey . And while there are many ISIS battlefields in both Syria and Iraq , Kobani is within sight from the Turkish border -- which means Western media and the world could see the magnitude of the fighting . Peshmerga forces wrestling for control of Kobani have received a boost from hundreds of U.S. and coalition airstrikes against ISIS . The strikes have hit terrorist targets , as well as buildings and houses . But after months of fighting ISIS , the Kobani area is now almost unrecognizable . "  They were advancing with heavy weapons , tanks , artillery , mortars , heavy weapons . They attacked us , " said Bozane Shere , who is from a village just south of Kobani . "  They attacked us . Then we took our cars and ran away . " Now , the city is no better than the village he left , he said . Many civilians fled Kobani for refugee camps in less volatile areas when the fighting first started , but others could not flee -- or were forced by circumstance to return . "  My daughter recently died . We brought the  body  here , " one woman said . "  We said , we will not bury her in Turkey ; we will bury her in Kobani , our own mud is much sweeter than other 's homeland . " While there is barely anything left in Kobani , it 's still home to people like Shere . "  I said I will not leave my city . I will stay here , and told my sons go wherever you want to go , " he said . "  But for me , I will stay here , and I will die on the Syrian land . " Photojournalist Ricardo Garcia Villanova contributed to this report .	Kurdish Peshmerga forces have wrested control of Kobani away from ISIS The Syrian city has been a key target , in part because it sits on the Turkish border
New Delhi  CNN  -- Jet-setting spiritual gurus . Gilded temples . Sprawling ashrams . Tons of offerings . India 's religious wealth belies the nation 's dire poverty . An inventory under way of a hoard of jewels , gold , diamonds , gems , antique idols stashed for hundreds of years in a centuries-old Hindu shrine in southern India is generating comparisons with the economic costs of the country 's mega programs and foreign investment plans running into billions of dollars . Under orders of India 's Supreme Court , officials since last week have been auditing precious royal offerings kept in underground vaults of the famed Sree Padmnabha Swamy temple in the coastal state of Kerala . V.K. Hari Kumar , the shrine 's executive officer , explained court-appointed observers were making records of the treasure . The stock-taking came after a legal petition over allegations of temple mismanagement . "  The find is quite surprising , " Kumar told CNN . Experts have yet to evaluate the wealth uncovered in the ongoing exploration that has sparked a debate in India whether the haul can be put to public use in a country where a quarter of its billion-plus population still lives on less than a dollar a day . "  So how about dismantling what are essentially parallel economies by opening these vaults up and use the money to set up private schemes that can bring material comforts to the poor ? Sure , many of these religious institutions have social schemes already running . But clearly , much more needs to be done , " wrote the Hindustan Times Tuesday in an editorial headlined "  Tax the Temples . " Indian media suggest the worth of the new-found religious trove is more than the nation 's expenditure on education . "  It can help meet the central  federal  government interest and debt payment liability for our four months and is equivalent to seven month 's defense spending , " wrote the Times of India in an article . Kumar , who is part of the team examining the temple 's secret cellars , would neither confirm nor deny reported estimates . "  There is no official announcement on the evaluation as per the Supreme Court guidelines . The value is put out by the media only . But I will not say it is not correct , " he joked . Hindu-majority India is home to almost all of the world 's major religions . Many holy sites in the country are run by independent administrations . Spiritual leaders also command massive following . And religion , political analysts say , plays a major role in national and state elections . "  No doubt there is a strong school of thought that advocates state control of super-rich temples . But the ground reality is that the state machinery finds it impractical to step in as any such move could backfire because of deep sentiments involved , " says political commentator K.G. Suresh . Economists agree . "  There a sort of equilibrium between religion and politics in India as it is a secular country . So , wealth , such as the one discovered from the Padmanabha Swami temple , remained a dead asset all these years . It will remain a dead asset in the future too , " said Mohanan Pillai , a professor of economics at India 's Centre for Development Studies . Meantime , authorities have declined taking control of the sacred findings . "  Sree Padmanabha Swami temple is the pride of Kerala . The wealth of the temple will rest with the temple itself , " said Kerala Chief Minister Oomen Chandy in comments posted on his website .	An audit finds vast wealth at centuries-old Hindu shrine Discoveries spark a debate in India whether the haul can be put to public use Observers say "  Tax the Temples " is unlikely Media : New-found religious trove is more than the nation 's expenditure on education
Following talks with the Pakistani government , Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States is making progress in the war on terror , and hopes to end the use of drone strikes "  very soon . " The secretary of state told a Pakistani television station that President Barack Obama has a "  very real timeline " for ending the strikes . He did not provide specifics on the timeline . "  We hope it 's going to be very , very soon , " Kerry said Thursday , according to a transcript provided by the State Department . "  I believe that we 're on a good track . I think the program will end as we have eliminated most of the threat and continue to eliminate it , " Kerry said . He added that the cessation depends on "  a number of factors " and that Washington is working on it with the Pakistani government . A State Department statement later addressed Kerry 's remarks . "  Today , the secretary referenced the changes that we expect to take place in that program over the course of time , but there is no exact timeline to provide , " the statement said . However , it said , the goal is to get to a place where threats are eliminated and drones are not needed . "  Now , we 're all realistic about the fact that there is a threat that remains and that we have to keep up ... the fight in this and other places around the world , " Marie Harf , a State Department spokeswoman , said . "  So this was in no way indicating a change in policy . It 's really been reinforcing things I think we 've said for months on this . " The United States ramped up strikes in the tribal region in the first few years of Obama 's presidency . But the number of strikes in Pakistan has since dropped partly because of al Qaeda 's decline in the country and more U.S. focus on threats from al Qaeda groups in other countries , such as Yemen . In May , Obama defended the use of drone strikes as a necessary evil , but one that must be used with more temperance as the United States ' security situation evolves . America prefers to capture , interrogate and prosecute terrorists , but there are times when this is n't possible , Obama said in a speech at the National Defense University in Washington . Terrorists intentionally hide in remote locations and putting boots on the ground is often out of the question , he said . However , he urged caution and discipline . "  To say a military tactic is legal , or even effective , is not to say it is wise or moral in every instance , " Obama said at the time . "  For the same progress that gives us the technology to strike half a world away also demands the discipline to constrain that power -- or risk abusing it . " Increased oversight is important , but not easy , Obama said . Drone strikes in the tribal regions bordering Afghanistan have drawn heated opposition in Pakistan because of civilian casualties . The drone strikes have further roiled relations between the two nations , which flared following a 2011 raid by U.S. commandos on a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden .	Obama has a "  very real timeline " for ending the strikes , Kerry says But the State Department says "  there is no exact timeline " Obama : Increased oversight is important , but not easy The number of U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan has dropped in recent years
CNN  -- The sinkhole first opened up in August of 2011 , a relatively small thing , 2 feet wide and 5 feet deep . But in the 15 months since then , Florida couple John and Tina Furlow have watched helplessly as the sinkhole expands , threatening to swallow their bedroom . "  Now it 's approximately 8 , 9 feet long , " John Furlow told CNN affiliate WFLA last month at their home in Hernando County on Florida 's west coast . "  Every day , in our bedroom , we lay down and look up and there 's more and more cracks . We 're just , ` hey look , there 's another one , ' " said his wife . The growing cavern underneath their bedroom is reminiscent of another sinkhole in nearby Hillsborough County that claimed the life of Jeff Bush . Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly Authorities demolished the house after they could n't recover Bush 's body from the massive hole that opened up under his bedroom . That sinkhole was about 20 feet wide and 50 to 60 feet deep , and the suburban Tampa house was in danger of collapsing . For the Furlows , the nightmare has developed much more slowly . Cracks have begun to appear on walls and floors , and the couple now sleeps in a different bedroom . They removed heavy furniture from their bedroom in hopes of buying more time . The couple told WFLA that they made a claim with their insurance company , but that a year and a half later there has been no resolution . A sinkhole can be catastrophic , as the incident that took Bush 's life showed . New video obtained by CNN affiliate Bay News 9 shows the inside of the sinkhole that claimed his life . The video was taken by Hillsborough County officials before the house was demolished . It was recorded by attaching a camera to a pole that reached into Bush 's bedroom through a window . The video shows a cavernous hole that left just the edges of the floor around the bedroom . Bush 's brother , Jeremy , had jumped in the hole to try to rescue his brother , but only after he saw the video did he understand how large it was , and why officials pulled him out . "  It is totally different than what I thought it was , " he told Bay News 9 . Sinkholes are common in the state , according to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection . Florida lies on bedrock made of limestone or other carbonate rock that can be eaten away by acidic groundwater , forming voids that collapse when the rock can no longer support the weight of what 's above it .	A sinkhole slowly grows under Florida home The couple awaits a resolution from insurance company as the hole grows It comes as new video is available of another sinkhole that killed a man
CNN  -- Three men accused of starting an illegal campfire that grew into a wildfire last week in California have been charged in federal court . The Colby Wildfire , as it is called , was 95 % contained Tuesday . It 's so far scorched close to 2,000 acres of foothills in Los Angeles County near Glendora . The three men were identified as Jonathan Carl Jerrell , 24 ; Clifford Eugene Henry Jr. , 22 ; and Steven Robert Aguirre , 21 , according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Central District of California . They were charged with unlawfully setting timber afire , a felony offense that carries a possible sentence of five years in prison . Embers from the campfire are believed to have set dry grass adjacent to the ring afire . Winds and drought conditions took it from there . They three men were taken into custody Thursday , the day the Colby Fire started . The fire has destroyed five residences , damaged 17 other structures , and resulted in injuries to one civilian and two firefighters , the statement said . On Friday , California Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency for the state , saying it is facing "  perhaps the worst drought that California has ever seen since records  began  about 100 years ago . " Police : Campfire leads to L.A.-area fire that destroys 2 homes	If found guilty , the three men could face up to five years in prison The Colby Wildfire , which has burned close to 2,000 acres , is 95 % contained It has destroyed five homes and resulted in injuries
CNN  -- Carbon monoxide , a silent killer , is being blamed in the weekend death of a restaurant manager at a Long Island Mall . Twenty-seven people , including seven first responders , were taken to the hospital . In another weekend incident , seven people at the Falls Motel in Ogunquit , Maine , were taken to hospitals after complaining of nausea and headaches . Responders found high levels of the deadly gas . Earlier this month , a carbon monoxide leak at Baltimore hotel sent nine to the hospital . And last year , three people died two months apart in the same North Carolina motel room . Here 's what you need to know about carbon monoxide : 1 . It has no odor , color or taste You would n't be able to see or smell it , but it can be very dangerous to your health and even fatal . In the Long Island incident , police and emergency crews rushed to Walt Whitman Shops in Huntington Station , New York , on Saturday night after reports that a woman had collapsed in the basement of Legal Sea Foods . Once they arrived , they felt dizzy as well and determined that the cause was carbon monoxide poisoning , said police in Suffolk County , New York . In the Maine incident , readings found 300 parts per million for carbon monoxide . Anything about 35 parts per million is dangerous . 2 . If there 's a leak , there 's a reason to worry According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , sources of carbon monoxide could include unvented gas space heaters , leaking furnaces or automobile exhaust in garages . In the Long Island case , investigators found a leak in the flue pipe of the water heater at Legal Sea Foods , a spokesman for the town of Huntington said . The pipe is supposed to carry gas from the water heater to the outside . Instead , the leak in the pipe caused the gas to build up in the basement of the restaurant . In the Maine incident , a furnace was to blame . 3 . It diminishes your ability to absorb oxygen If there 's too much carbon monoxide in the air you 're breathing , you ca n't take in as much oxygen as you need . This can result in serious tissue damage . In the Legal Sea Foods incident , the manager , Steven Nelson , 55 , was found in the restaurant basement and taken to a nearby hospital , where he was pronounced dead . In the Maine incident , 21 people complained of symptoms and seven were taken to hospitals . More than 400 Americans die every year from unintentional carbon monoxide poisoning , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and it is responsible for more than 20,000 people visiting the emergency room annually . 4 . Its symptoms are often mistaken for something else In circumstances where carbon monoxide problems slowly develop , victims may mistake their symptoms for the flu . When carbon monoxide levels are higher and develop more rapidly , mental confusion can set in rapidly . Victims may lose muscle control and will probably succumb to poisoning if they are not rescued . "  If you 're lucky , you 'll get the symptoms and realize something is wrong . A lot of times people just fall asleep and do n't wake up , " said Bob Bernard , a paramedic with Ogunquit Fire Department , who responded to the Maine hotel call . 5 . It can be detected You can take several precautions to prevent carbon monoxide poisoning , according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . Chief among them is installing a carbon monoxide alarm in the hallway near every area of your home that is used for sleeping . The Legal Seafood restaurant did n't have a carbon monoxide detector -- because New York law does n't require them in restaurants ; only in places where people sleep , said Huntington town officials . Said Legal Sea Foods CEO Roger Berkowitz , "  We always assume there is something in place but the reality is there is n't anything in place , this is a sad wake up call for everyone . " The Falls Motel in Maine did n't have carbon monoxide detectors in the rooms , authorities said . Maine law requires them . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau and Matthew Stucker contributed to this report	Carbon monoxide blamed in death of Long Island restaurant manager It 's also blamed for sicknesses at a Maine hotel The gas has no odor , color or taste
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Two California men were sentenced to prison Thursday for their roles in the severe beating of a San Francisco Giants fan after a game against the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2011 . Marvin Norwood , 33 , and Louie Sanchez , 31 , were sentenced to four years and eight years , respectively . Members of victim Bryan Stow 's family appeared in court and made statements to the defendants and the judge during the sentencing . Now brain-damaged as a result of the beating , Stow is disabled and unable to care for himself , said his father , David . "  The time you serve will be insignificant to what Bryan must endure . However , the years you spend in prison is what you two cretins deserve , " David Stow said to the two men . Norwood , however , was scheduled to be released with credit for time served ; he had been in jail in the case for more than two years . Federal authorities plan to take Norwood into custody , if released by local authorities , because Norwood faces a federal charge of a being a felon in possession of firearms , said spokesman Thom Mrozek with the U.S. Attorney 's office in Los Angeles . Earlier in the day , Norwood pleaded guilty to felony assault by means likely to produce great bodily injury . Sanchez pleaded guilty to felony mayhem . In exchange for their guilty pleas , other felony charges were dropped against the defendants . Both men are from Rialto , California . The Dodgers issued a statement saying "  we are pleased that the culpable parties have finally accepted responsibility for their actions and have been sentenced for their crimes . " The baseball team declined to comment further because the Stow family is suing the organization in connection with the beating and the stadium 's security . Prosecutors say the men attacked Stow , now 45 , in the Dodgers ' stadium parking lot after the Opening Day game on March 31 , 2011 . The paramedic from Santa Cruz went into a coma as a result of the beating and , after returning to consciousness , is still struggling with a severe brain injury . The men , who appeared in court in handcuffs , were harshly criticized by Judge George Lomeli . "  Mr. Stow will be forever trapped in the medical condition " that the men put him in , he said during the sentencing . "  I have to comment on the attack , which was absolutely brutal . "  You blindsided Mr. Stow , " the judge said . "  You are a complete coward . " Sanchez smirked during the judge 's admonishment . "  You show no remorse whatsoever , " Lomeli added . "  At the end of the day , it was only a game . ... And you lost perspective . " A statement from the district attorney 's office said Sanchez attacked Stow from behind in "  an unprovoked attack " and witnesses testified that Norwood prevented Stow 's friends from helping him . Caregivers and family members shower , dress and feed Stow , who takes 13 medications a day , said sister Bonnie Stow . "  No sentencing you receive will be long enough , " she told the defendants . "  Your lack of regret makes me despise you even more . " Another sister , Erin Collins , said the damage to her brother 's brain was catastrophic . A shunt now protrudes on the right side of his skull , and its left side is slightly sunken . His skull has deep scars . "  Because of your actions , Bryan ca n't go to the bathroom by himself , " Collins said . "  He has to wear adult diapers . I hate having to say that out loud , but it shows the severity of what you did . "  Being here , I hope to see one tiny bit of remorse in order to not think you are both that despicable , but I do n't . How can we begin to consider forgiveness when you are n't even asking for it , " Collins said . Collins also read aloud in court a statement written by Stow 's wife that was directed to the defendants : "  Our son Tyler 's first word was ball . His next word was daddy . And when they started playing catch , Bryan promised to play catch with him every day , and he did until you took that away from him . Our daughter , Tabitha , loved to ride bikes with her daddy and he did that every day he could , again , until you both took that away . "  Based on your actions , it is completely obvious that you have no respect for human life . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Dodgers say they are pleased that "  culpable parties " take responsibility Victim 's family describe in court the catastrophic brain damage to Bryan Stow Marvin Norwood gets four-year sentence but will get credit for time served Louie Sanchez gets eight-year prison sentence
CNN  -- An oil sheen about four miles long has appeared in the Gulf of Mexico near the site of the worst oil spill in U.S. history , a Coast Guard spokesman said Thursday . It was not immediately clear where the oil is coming from , said Petty Officer 3rd Class Ryan Tippets . The Coast Guard found out about the oil sheen on September 16 after someone spotted it on a satellite image from the multinational oil and gas company BP , Tippets said . A Coast Guard response team went to the location to collect samples , and sent them to the Coast Guard Marine Safety Lab in Connecticut for testing . Test results are expected in a few weeks , Tippets said . The service 's Marine Safety Unit Morgan City , in Louisiana , is heading up the investigation of the spill , which is in the part of the Gulf officially designated MC252 . No one has reported any adverse effects on the environment or marine life , Tippets said . Timeline : Oil spill in the Gulf in 2010 The sheen is near the spot where , on April 20 , 2010 , BP 's Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded over the Macondo well , killing 11 workers and spewing oil that spread across a huge portion of the Gulf . The badly damaged mile-deep well leaked oil into the Gulf of Mexico for five months . On September 19 , 2010 , retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , who led the federal disaster response , declared that a cement plug had permanently sealed the leak , so that it posed no further threat . In total , about 4.9 million barrels  205.8 million gallons  of oil leaked into the Gulf , according to estimates from federal scientists . In an incident that appears unrelated to the new oil sheen , the Coast Guard 's Morgan City unit also is investigating a small amount of oil leaked from a Gulf oil platform . Companies involved in 2010 Gulf spill did n't focus on accident risks Apache Corp. reported the spill to the Coast Guard and regulators as soon as the company noticed the leak on Tuesday , said Apache spokesman John Roper . He said a valve problem caused less than two barrels  84 gallons  of oil to spill into the water near Grand Isle , Louisiana . No marine or environmental damage has been reported from this incident either , Tippets said . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	The Coast Guard has discovered a 4-mile-long oil sheen in the Gulf of Mexico Response teams collect samples for testing The oil is near the location of the disastrous 2010 Gulf oil spill
CNN  -- A sharp increase in the number of reported cases of the H1N1 virus in Australia may prompt the World Health Organization  WHO  to declare the first global pandemic in over forty years . Australian rugby league star Karmichael Hunt is one of several players being tested for the H1N1 virus . The number of Australian cases of the virus , commonly known as swine flu , has reached more than 1,200 , with state and federal medical officers set to hold an emergency meeting in Sydney to review the country 's swine flu protection measures . "  We will take each decision along the way in response to the expert medical advice , " Prime Minister Kevin Rudd told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  . On Wednesday it was announced that the entire Brisbane Broncos rugby league squad had been placed into quarantine after one of their players was suspected of having the virus . The Queensland club confirmed on its Web site that full-back Karmichael Hunt was being tested for the virus , while the sport 's governing body , the National Rugby League  NRL  , said Hunt had tested positive for the common flu , influenza A. With over 26,000 H1N1 cases worldwide , the WHO could move to Phase 6 , the highest on its pandemic alert system . "  It 's really a matter of making sure that countries are prepared as possible . We do not want people to overly panic , " Keiji Fukuda , WHO 's Assistant Director General , told ABC . In a statement a day earlier , Fukuda said the WHO had been working extremely hard preparing countries for what a potential move to a global pandemic would entail . "  I want to point out that by going to Phase 6 the activity has become established in at least two regions of the world , " he said . "  It does not mean that the severity of the situation has increased and that people are getting seriously sick at higher numbers or higher rates than they are right now . "	Australian cases of the H1N1 virus reach more than 1,200 Phase 6 is highest on pandemic alert system and means global pandemic Designation does not reflect the severity of the disease , but how widespread it is
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A United Arab Emirates sheikh was acquitted Sunday of charges connected to the videotaped beating and torture of an Afghan grain dealer . Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al-Nahyan , a member of the emirates ' ruling family , was charged with rape , endangering life and causing bodily harm in connection with the nearly three-hour long tape shot in 2004 in the desert outside Abu Dhabi , one of the United Arab Emirates in the Persian Gulf region . However , the court acquitted Issa on Sunday , ruling he had diminished responsibility for his actions because of the effects of medication his defense attorney claimed he was given . Issa had a "  lack of criminal responsibility , " the court found , defense attorney Habib al-Mulla told CNN . "  The judiciary system acquitted Issa based on the evidence presented by the defense that the sheikh was under the influence of drugs given to him , " al-Mulla said . "  That deprived him from his poise and caused him to carry out acts that were out of consciousness and that were photographed with the intention for later extortion . " The tape surfaced last year as a piece of evidence in a federal civil suit filed in Houston , Texas , against the sheikh by his former business partner , Bassam Nabulsi . It caused outrage among human rights groups and in the United States , where senior U.S. officials familiar with the case said the tape delayed the ratification of a civil nuclear deal between the UAE and the United States . On the tape , Issa is seen along with a private security officer stuffing sand in the man 's mouth . As the grain dealer pleads and whimpers , he is beaten with a nailed board , burned in the genitals with a cigarette lighter , shocked with a cattle prod and led to believe he would be shot . Salt is poured into his wounds . In the end , the victim can muster up only weak moans as an SUV is repeatedly driven over him . "  No one can prove that this videotape has not been tampered with , " al-Mulla said Sunday . The only person who can confirm the incidents happened as seen on the tape is the victim , and he has not confirmed that , he added . "  We deny the incident as it was shown on that videotape . " The defense did not just center on the medication , he said , but claimed that the videotape and other incidents from that night were all part of a conspiracy aimed at blackmailing the sheikh . During the trial , the defense presented medical reports from experts in the United States and the United Arab Emirates showing that the various types of medicines given to Issa , when combined , "  would lead any person to act in a very aggressive manner , losing his control and his behavior . " Asked about a Human Rights Watch statement that one trial was not enough to stop torture and restore the United Arab Emirates ' image , al-Mulla told CNN he believed the UAE was "  courageous " to hold the trial , calling it "  a very positive signal of what the UAE is trying to achieve . " The incident allegedly was triggered by Issa 's belief he was cheated in a business deal . UAE officials have said the grain dealer survived and has settled the matter privately with the sheikh , with the two agreeing not to bring formal charges against the other . Al-Mulla said he is "  pleased with the verdict as it was proven that Sheikh Issa was a victim , and he was not what the media tried to portray him -LSB- as -RSB- . " The Afghan man was in the courtroom , and the court issued him a "  temporary " compensation of 10,000 dirhams  $ 2,722  , al-Mulla said . Nabulsi , a Lebanese-born U.S. citizen now living in Houston , said he met Issa when the sheikh came to Houston for medical treatment in 1994 . They became friends and business partners and the sheikh recruited Nabulsi to move to Abu Dhabi to work for him . In the lawsuit , Nabulsi claims breaches of contract and fiduciary duty . A federal court dismissed the suit in June , ruling it did not have jurisdiction , according to online federal court records . Nabulsi has appealed to the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . Nabulsi told CNN in April the sheikh turned on him after he expressed concern over the Afghan 's treatment . Later , he was arrested on drug charges , and security officers working for the sheikh ransacked his home and demanded the torture video . But the tape -- shot by Nabulsi 's brother at the order of the sheikh , he said -- had already been smuggled out of the country . Nabulsi said he was arrested , jailed and ultimately convicted on drug charges -- and was tortured and humiliated by UAE police , who demanded he return the tape . Al-Mulla said Sunday Nabulsi was sentenced to five years in jail in absentia , agreeing that he was responsible for the drugging of the sheikh . Prosecutors will attempt to implement the sentence through Interpol , he said . CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Stan Grant and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Sheikh acquitted Sunday of charges linked to videotaped torture of Afghan grain dealer Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al-Nahyan , is a member of the emirates ' ruling family , He was charged with rape , endangering life and causing bodily harm In evidence was 3-hour tape shot in 2004 of the alleged incident
Not many mayors in the United States enjoy belly rubs from their constituents . Then again , most mayors do n't prance around town naked and curl up for naps in front of local businesses . For 15 years , Stubbs the cat has held the top office in Talkeetna , Alaska . And his approval ratings have never been higher . "  He does n't raise our taxes -- we have no sales tax . He does n't interfere with business . He 's honest , " said Lauri Stec , manager of Nagley 's General Store , which doubles as the mayor 's office . Stubbs may be the only mayor in the country who rose to office as an infant . "  He was in a box full of kittens in the front of the store , and  the owners  were giving them away , " Stec said . She picked "  Stubbs " because he had no tail . Soon afterward , residents were n't happy with any of the human candidates in the upcoming mayoral election and voted for Stubbs as a write-in candidate . The kitten won . Because Talkeetna is a "  historical district , " the mayoral post is more symbolic than functional , said Andi Manning , president of the Talkeetna Chamber of Commerce . So most residents are fine with a four-legged feline running the show . But the power , apparently , has gotten to Stubbs ' furry head . "  All throughout the day I have to take care of the mayor . He 's very demanding , " said Skye Farrar , a clerk at Nagley 's . "  He meowed and meowed and meowed and demanded to be picked up and put on the counter . And he demanded to be taken away from the tourists . Then he had his long , afternoon nap . " In addition , the mayor will only drink water from a wine glass that has catnip in it , Stec added . But most everyone is willing to put up with the mayor 's high-maintenance lifestyle , especially because he 's a big tourist attraction for the community of about 800 human beings . Manning said the mayor frequently draws dozens of tourists who are en route to other Alaska destinations such as Mount McKinley . And as of late Monday night , the Mayor Stubbs Facebook page had well over 6,000 subscribers . But Stubbs remains true to his community , often showing up in local businesses -- albeit unexpectedly . "  When my building burned down in 2002 , he was the last to come out of it , " said Todd Basilone , owner of Mountain High Pizza Pie in Talkeetna . "  He 's always in the restaurant . Stubbs wanders into every place in town . " Even though dogs run loose and outnumber people in Talkeetna , he said , the canines seem to respect Stubbs ' authority . "  I 've never seen a dog mess with him , " Basilone said . Though the mayor generally receives positive reviews for his laissez-faire politics , he is guilty of frequently sleeping on the job . "  His biggest political rivals would be other local businesses that would hate that he comes over and takes a nap and leaves fur everywhere . They are n't big fans of him , " Farrar said . "  We usually say , ` You have to deal with it . He runs the town . ' " Obama 's campaign going to the dogs -- and cats and chickens	Stubbs became mayor of Talkeetna , Alaska , 15 years ago He won as a write-in candidate when residents did n't like the humans on the ballot The mayor prefers to drink water from a wine glass with catnip in it Pizza shop owner : The mayor often turns up unexpectedly inside random stores
NOUAKCHOTT , Mauritania  Reuters  -- Mauritanian police found 1,896 lbs  860 kilograms  of cocaine hidden beneath sacks of rice in a parked minibus in the West African country 's biggest drug bust , police said late on Monday . The region has become a major hub for Colombian cocaine being trafficked to highly lucrative markets in Europe , where illegal use of the white powder is a growing problem and street prices are significantly higher than in the United States . Mauritanian authorities made the find while investigating who was behind the smuggling of a previous batch of more than 600 kilograms of cocaine seized after a small plane made an emergency landing at the northern port of Noudhibou in May . "  During our investigations we noticed a parked minibus which looked different from other such vehicles even though it had registration plates from this country , " Police Commissioner Ely Ould Sneiba , director of the country 's anti-drugs office , said . "  The investigating judge ordered the police to search the minibus and inside they found 21 , 50-kg sacks full of cocaine hidden beneath sacks of rice , " he said . The drugs were packed in 761 bricks , each weighing by 1.13 kg . Four people were detained in the operation , including one person from Mauritania and one from Western Sahara , which is claimed by Morocco , itself known as a major source of smuggled hashish . Law enforcement officials say Guinea-Bissau , which adjoins Mauritania 's southern neighbor Senegal , is a major hub in a network of sea , land and air routes spanning the Atlantic and much of Africa which are used by Latin American drugs gangs to ferry their valuable contraband to Europe and the Middle East . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Police in Mauritania find nearly 2,000 lbs of cocaine hidden beneath bags of rice It was the West African nation 's biggest drug bust ever The find shows the region has become a distribution hub for Colombian cocaine Authorities were investigating another drug case when they found the cocaine
CNN  -- Allen H. Neuharth , who revolutionized American newspapering by founding USA Today with its colorful layouts and concise storytelling that influenced many media empires , died Friday in his home in Cocoa Beach , Florida , the newspaper said . He was 89 . "  The longtime newspaperman , media executive and columnist died after sustaining injuries in a fall at his home , " USA Today said . Neuharth was a former chairman of Gannett , the publisher of USA Today and 81 other newspapers , who made journalistic history when he took a bold risk launching a daily in 1982 that declared itself the first general interest national newspaper . He battled his own board of directors in championing the publication . Some traditionalists of American journalism criticized USA Today for its emphasis on shorter articles -- calling it "  McPaper " -- but the paper developed into an extraordinary success financially and journalistically . The newspaper is now the nation 's second-largest daily . The iconoclastic Neuharth was fond of saying that "  the editors who called us McPaper stole our McNuggets . " "  Al Neuharth reinvented news , " USA Today Publisher Larry Kramer said in the newspaper 's obituary . "  Even in our recent efforts to translate his vision into the modern world of digital journalism , we relied on him to tell us if we were going in the right direction . " Neuharth "  was , is and always will be USA Today , " Dave Callaway , the editor-in-chief , added . "  He holds a remarkable place in the history of American journalism , and the spirit and passion which he brought to our industry will never be extinguished . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Allen H. Neuharth championed USA Today against a skeptical board His bold risk paid off as a journalistic success "  The editors who called us McPaper stole our McNuggets , " he liked to say He died after suffering injuries in a fall at his Florida home
CNN  -- How often do you see sports stars looking to the heavens in search of a little inspiration ? They might be on to something . That 's why the team hoping to build one of the fastest yachts on the planet is not looking to the water -- but to the sky . Or to be more precise , the giant passenger plane flying overhead . Oracle Team USA , the reigning America 's Cup champions , have revealed their unlikely "  secret weapon " in the hugely prestigious sailing race is Airbus . The aviation giant has partnered with billionaire businessman Larry Ellison 's sailing team to create what it hopes will be an unbeatable high-tech yacht in the next edition of the race in 2017 . But what does an airplane company know about boat design ? "  If you look at it closer , sailing and flying share a common DNA , " said Airbus President and CEO , Fabrice BrÃ © gie . "  Look at the importance of wind forces on airplane wings , and wind forces on the sails of a boat . They even look alike . And the speeds in aviation and boating share the same unit -- the knot . " Planes on water Indeed , gone are the days of heavy wooden yachts with single hulls and white billowing sails . Today 's sleek carbon fiber multihulls are like airplanes on water , sitting high above the waves , with crew members wearing wetsuits , carrying oxygen tanks , and communicating via radio . And much like aircraft , these feats of design have rigid sails , rather than conventional material ones . With competing teams spending tens of millions of dollars on their America 's Cup bids , Ellison -- a software entrepreneur with an estimated fortune of $ 48 billion -- will also be digging into his deep pockets to create a state-of-the-art yacht . "  The America 's Cup is a boat race , but the design technology and engineering are very often the winning factor , " said team skipper Jimmy Spithill , who knows what he 's talking about -- he also has a pilot 's license . "  They 're as much like airplanes as they are like traditional boats , so I know we 'll have a lot to learn from the engineers at Airbus . " Rule Britannia ? Watching developments closely will be the British challengers -- led by four-time Olympic gold medalist Ben Ainslie -- who earlier this year launched their $ 134 million bid alongside their own secret weapon -- the Duchess of Cambridge , Kate Middleton . A keen sailor herself , the Duchess went head-to-head against her husband Prince William in a yacht race during their recent tour of Australia and New Zealand -- emerging victorious 2-0 . It 's hoped she 'll not only pass on some of that winning spirit to Ainslie 's team , but also add the type of international luster so attractive to the world 's richest investors . In the 163 year history of the race , Britain has never won the prestigious silver trophy . Adding insult to injury , the first competition took place on its shores in 1851 . Where sky and sea meet Back across the Atlantic , work has already begun collecting data on the Team USA boat , with over 300 on-board sensors providing real time information to a main server . Much like its planes , Airbus will be analyzing the data closely . "  When they get a brand new plane for the first time , they fly it and log hundreds and hundreds of variables , " explained Oracle Team USA project manager , Ian Burns . "  They are testing it and trying to improve the airplane . " he said . "  And this is exactly the same when we launch our boat and go sailing for the first time . " Perhaps Airbus will also take away a thing or two from its new water-based collaboration . Already , the company has introduced a ridged texture much like shark 's skin on its plane 's wings , to improve air flow . The worlds of flight and sail are not so dissimilar as they might seem . And somewhere between sky and sea , the next America 's Cup will take place . Insight : Guts and glory -- 162 years of America 's Cup design See : Daredevil photographer captures ` perfect shot '	Airbus partners with Team USA to create high-tech yacht Part of Larry Ellison 's multimillion dollar America 's Cup bid Modern airplanes and yachts have similar rigid wings and sails Airbus also using shark-like skin on wings to improve air flow
Washington  CNN  -- Bernie Sanders wants you to know he 's talking about the issues that Hillary Clinton is not . At the end of a winding answer to a question about how he differs from Hillary Clinton , the U.S. senator challenged the former secretary of state . "  If we do not get our act together to come up with public policy which expands the middle class , if we do n't overturn Citizens United , if we do n't move to public funding of elections , we are going to live in an oligarchic form of society , " Sanders said . "  Now is Hillary Clinton going to say that ? " It was a candid moment and the closest the senator -- who is most known for being an independent who regularly targets Wall Street and money in politics -- came to a direct knock on Clinton 's possible run at the presidency during an interview with CNN before his upcoming trip to Iowa . His comment about Citizens United referred to a 2010 U.S. Supreme Court decision that opened the floodgates for outside money in politics and ballooned the amount spent on campaigns . It was also something that the Vermont senator quickly realized did n't match his statement , "  I am not here to attack Hillary . " "  I know Hillary , I respect Hillary Clinton , " Sanders said . "  I knew her when she was first lady , I certainly knew her as a colleague in the Senate . "  I do n't know if Secretary Clinton is running for president and I have no idea what she is going to be campaigning on . But I do know what I believe and what I will be speaking about . " Sanders , who caucuses with Democrats , is trying to thread a needle . He is little known outside liberal circles , yet the two-term senator is openly considering a run at the presidency in 2016 . He is making the trip to Iowa this weekend and will speak in New Hampshire in a few weeks . He is floating the idea of a run with journalists and political operatives and saying things like , "  If I choose to run . " Yet Sanders does n't want to openly talk about Clinton and says he would rather focus on his views on the "  political , " "  economic " and "  media " establishments . He is attacking Clinton , something most Democrats are n't doing , but trying to say he is n't . Hillary Clinton to court Democratic women in September Correct the Record , a pro-Clinton communications group , took issue with the idea that Clinton did n't address the issues Sanders had been addressing . "  Senator Sanders has a good point -- the American people always want a campaign that includes a spirited dialogue about the issues , " said Adrienne Elrod , the group 's communications director . "  But Hillary has spent her entire life turning talk into action , putting policies in place to make lives better for all Americans . " Coincidentally , Sanders ' trip to Iowa this weekend comes at the same time Clinton will be making her first trip to the critical presidential caucus state in six years . Hillary Clinton to decide on 2016 run around end of year Clinton , who is herself openly considering a run at the presidency , will be the headliner at the politically important Tom Harkin Steak Fry . Thousands of guests expect to listen to her speak , flip steaks and honor Harkin , the liberal senator who is retiring after 2014 . Sanders , on the other hand , will not be at the steak fry . He will start the weekend with a speech at the Fighting Bob Fest , an annual meeting of progressive speakers in Wisconsin that honors Robert "  Fighting Bob " La Follette , a longtime liberal senator from the Badger State . Following his speech , where aides expect him to articulate his liberal platform , Sanders will travel to Iowa for town hall-style events in Dubuque , Waterloo and Des Moines , respectively . For Sanders , who has done hundreds of town hall events in his home state , the Iowa events comes with pros and cons . Primarily , they allow the senator to get his name out there and gauge interest in him as a candidate . "  I want to find out what kind of support there is for a progressive agenda which takes to the needs of a collapsing middle class and the growing wealth and income inequality America , " Sanders said . "  It is easy to give a good speech and get applause , it is not so easy to put together a grassroots movement of people who are prepared to fight for change . " But they will also offer a glimpse of his uphill climb . While Sanders speaks to small town halls , Clinton will likely be fawned over by thousands of supporters at the most political event of the year in Iowa . Sanders was clear to point out that he does know Harkin , the organizer of the steak fry , "  very well " and was invited "  a couple of years ago to be the guest . " But Sanders sees a bigger positive for him in attending small events and offering a stark alternative to Clinton . "  I do n't think anybody believes that anointment is a good idea , that anybody is quote unquote entitled to a nomination or any other position , " Sanders said . "  I think what people in Iowa and through the country want to hear is a vigorous debate about the most important issues which impact their lives . It is not to say to somebody , ` Oh , thank you , you are going to be anointed as our candidate . ' "	Sanders challenges Clinton to address issues he talks about in an interview with CNN "  Now is Hillary Clinton going to say that ? " he asks after outlining part of his populist platform Senator realizes he knocked Clinton and later states , "  I am not here to attack Hillary " Sanders is openly toying with a presidential run and will be in Iowa this week
Rolling Stone  -- This has been the first rock & roll decade without revolution , or true revolutionaries , to call its own . The Fifties witnessed nothing less than the birth of the music . The Sixties were rocked by Beatlemania , Motown , Phil Spector , psychedelia and Bob Dylan . The Seventies gave rise to David Bowie , Bruce Springsteen , heavy metal , punk and New Wave . In comparison , the Eighties have been the decade of , among other things , synth pop , Michael Jackson , the compact disc , Sixties reunion tours , the Beastie Boys and a lot more heavy metal . But if the past ten years have n't exactly been the stuff of revolution , they have been a critical time of re-assessment and reconstruction . Musicians and audiences alike have struggled to come to terms with rock 's parameters and possibilities , its emotional resonance and often dormant social consciousness . Rolling Stone 's Original 1980 Review The following survey of the 100 best albums of the Eighties , as selected by the editors of Rolling Stone , shows that the music and the values it stands for have been richer for the struggle . Punks got older and more articulate in their frustration and rage , while many veteran artists responded to that movement 's challenge with their most vital work in years . And rap transformed the face -- and voice -- of popular music . The first 10 entries here span the Clash 's polyglot punk , Prince 's crossover funkadelica , Afro-bop from Talking Heads and Paul Simon and hymns of innocence and experience by U2 and Tracy Chapman . Further down the list , old-timers like Dylan , the Stones and Lou Reed hit new highs ; Public Enemy and Run-D.M.C . kicked out some serious streetwise jams ; Metallica and Guns n ' Roses established new hard-rock beachheads ; and Hüsker Dü , Sonic Youth and the Replacements offered definitive statements of postpunk angst . The embarrassment of riches on this list is all the more remarkable , since arthritic radio programming , corporate sponsorship and outbursts of racism and sexism in rap and metal have complicated rock 's present and raised fears for its future . Best-of lists such as this one are by nature subjective . But rock in the Eighties was like that -- lively , varied , contentious and , to some degree , inconclusive . Looking at the best rock has had to offer in the Eighties , it 's clear that there 's plenty of life left in the old beast yet . The next revolution may be just around the corner . See the full list of 100 best albums of the 1980s here . 1 . The Clash , "  London Calling " This album could not have come at a more perfect time or from a more appropriate band than the Clash . Released stateside in January 1980 , with the decade but a pup and the new year in gear , "  London Calling " was an emergency broadcast from rock 's Last Angry Band , serving notice that Armageddon was nigh , Western society was rotten at the core , and rock & roll needed a good boot in the rear . 2 . Prince and the Revolution , "  Purple Rain " Released in tandem with the film of the same name , "  Purple Rain " was more than simply a soundtrack , and it stands as Prince 's most cohesive and accessible album . "  He envisioned the film as he made the album , " says Alan Leeds , vice-president of Paisley Park Records , Prince 's label . "  He had a vision in his mind of the film a year before he got in front of the cameras , and he wrote the music to that vision . " 3 . U2 , "  The Joshua Tree " "  The Joshua Tree " is the rather esoterically titled album he 's referring to -- a title that even the typically solemn Bono could joke about . 500 Greatest Albums of All Time : ` London Calling ' by the Clash 4 . Talking Heads , "  Remain in Light " "  Remain in Light " may have been a commercial disappointment , but musically , the band 's 1980 album -- which combines funk , disco and African rhythms -- was years ahead of its time . "  It got great critical acclaim , and we felt that it kind of took popular music to the next phase , " says Frantz , "  which is what we always wanted to do . " 5 . Paul Simon , "  Graceland " The journey to "  Graceland " began with an unlabeled cassette tape that guitarist Heidi Berg gave to Simon , who listened to it incessantly , without knowing what it was , throughout the summer of 1984 . 6 . Bruce Springsteen , "  Born in the U.S.A. " "  Born in the U.S.A. " -- the album , the song and the sixteen-month tour -- turned out to be the breakthrough that Springsteen fans had been expecting for a decade . The influential Jersey musician became the world 's biggest rock star -- and a bona fide American icon , to boot . 7 . Michael Jackson , "  Thriller " "  Thriller , " reportedly recorded for $ 750,000 , has sold more than 40 million copies worldwide -- and it still sells . It earned Jackson over 150 gold and platinum awards worldwide and a record seven Grammys . 8 . R.E.M. , "  Murmur " The members of R.E.M. incorporated elements of folk and country music into pop that was , by turns , bright and murky . Theirs was a quasi-traditional yet boundary-breaking sound that served as a blueprint for alternative bands throughout America for the rest of the decade . 9 . Richard and Linda Thompson , "  Shoot Out the Lights " "  Even in the best days of our marriage , Richard and I did n't communicate with each other fabulously well , " says Linda Thompson . "  I think that the reason the music was good was that we tended to save it for work . " Perhaps that explains why "  Shoot Out the Lights " is both the best and last album Richard and Linda Thompson made together . 10 . Tracy Chapman , "  Tracy Chapman " Tracy Chapman was discovered in 1987 by fellow Tufts University student Brian Koppelman . "  I was helping organize a boycott protest against apartheid at school , and someone told me there was this great protest singer I should get to play at the rally , " says Koppelman , who now works in A&R at Elektra . He went to see Chapman perform at a coffeehouse called Cappuccino . "  Tracy walked onstage , and it was like an epiphany , " he says . "  Her presence , her voice , her songs , her sincerity -- it all came across . " See the full list of 100 best albums of the 1980s here . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	The 1980s have been the decade of synth pop , Michael Jackson and the CD "  Born in the U.S.A. " was the breakthrough Springsteen fans expected for a decade The members of R.E.M. incorporated elements of folk and country music into pop
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- Fujairah , one of seven emirates which make up the UAE , is putting new meaning into the saying "  build it and they will come . " As members of OPEC tussle with a 20 % drop in oil prices since June -- and question if they should trim production at their November meeting -- the UAE is forging ahead with a crucial piece of its energy strategy . Sitting south of the world 's busiest oil shipping lane , the Strait of Hormuz , the tiny emirate of Fujairah is emerging as a global energy hub . Mousa Murad , general manager of the Port of Fujairah , saw the area 's potential in 1991 , during the first Gulf War . A traffic jam of more than 200 tankers , triggered by concerns of bomb attacks , was lined up at the mouth of the Strait . Murad told CNN this was a "  light bulb moment " for his team . "  We thought we should be thinking about how we can serve shipping as maritime services , " he said , referencing the bunkering service initially offered . Today , the once sleepy emirate is doing far more than just loading fuel for ships . After Iran threatened to shut down the Strait in 2008 , oil-rich Abu Dhabi decided to leverage Fujairah 's strategic location on the Indian Ocean with unimpeded access to the seas to reach clients in Asia . China , Japan and South Korea are Abu Dhabi 's top three importers of UAE crude . The game changer was a decision by the UAE government to build a $ 3 billion , 240-mile oil pipeline from Abu Dhabi 's Habshan field into Fujairah , with a capacity of 1.5 million barrels a day . The pipeline , opened two years ago , can handle about half of the UAE 's daily production . Thangapandian Srinivasalu , a 30-year veteran of the business and executive director of Gulf Petrochem , laid out the energy hub 's potential while taking me through a map of the facility . Srinivasalu said Fujairah has something those in Asia and Europe do n't : plenty of oil in its neighborhood . "  Unlike Singapore or Rotterdam , which are the leading ports , you are surrounded by crude producers , surrounded by refineries , " said Srinivasalu . "  This is what interested us the most , and it 's very peaceful . " Indeed , it is almost eerily peaceful . On a clear day , looking east from the balcony , one can see Iran . With rising demand from Asia , and two thirds of proven reserves sitting in the region , the UAE will continue to up the ante with more spending . By June 2016 , the port is expected to be able to manage huge crude carriers known in the business as "  VLCCs , " which handle two million barrels per load . Future plans include building a LNG import terminal to use natural gas to fuel power plants , saving the oil for export . Malek Azizeh , commercial director of Fujairah Oil Terminal , told me those investments are ensuring the expanding terminal is catching the attention of the energy industry . He points to , for example , the joint venture he is helping launch in December with China 's Sinopec and Singapore 's Concord Energy . "  All these things , add them up and it gives you a perfect scenario for somebody to take a step forward and get out of the usual thing and do something different , " Azizeh told me as we toured the construction of the site 's massive holding tanks . In an irony not lost on the executives , it was threats by Iran in 2008 which triggered this investment . If talks with Tehran over its nuclear program go well and sanctions are lifted , this expanding hub could eventually welcome Iranian crude . More from John Defterios : ISIS ' struggle to control its oil riches Read more : Airstrikes , militants and a refugee crisis fail to dampen Iraq oil markets	Fujairah , one of seven emirates which make up the UAE , is emerging as a global energy hub By 2016 , the port is expected to be able to manage huge crude carriers , which handle two million barrels per load
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- On September 11 , 2001 , Kathryn Freed watched from two blocks away as a plane hit the World Trade Center 's north tower . After September 11 , most of lower Manhattan was covered in thick dust from the collapsed towers . "  Honestly , it was so surreal , " Freed said . "  We heard the plane coming -- it was very low and very loud -- and we watched it go right over our heads ; we just watched it hit dead center the north tower . I stood there and watched the skin of the building come off . It looked like tinsel from a Christmas tree falling down . " A short while later , Freed saw the second plane plow through the south tower in a giant fireball . And as she headed back toward her apartment , four blocks from what was soon to be known as ground zero , the south tower collapsed , sending a plume of debris into the air and straight down her street . Freed believes that the lingering cloud of dust -- caused by the towers ' collapse and the digging out of ground zero -- caused some of her long - and short-term medical problems , such as her "  WTC cough " and other respiratory issues . She 's among the many residents of lower Manhattan , emergency responders , recovery workers , commuters and passers-by to have developed serious , sometimes chronic medical problems since the terrorist attack seven years ago . A commission charged with examining the scope and depth of the attack 's health effects reviewed more than 100 scientific articles published since 2001 and found that new asthma levels among residents and rescue workers were two to three times higher than the national estimates . The report by the World Trade Center Medical Working Group , issued in advance of the September 11 anniversary , also found that two to three years after the attack , symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder remained elevated among rescue and recovery workers and residents of lower Manhattan . Interactive : More on PTSD " But the most reassuring finding was that in all the studies they looked at , there was consistency . "  The primary finding of the report , as you synthesize the main findings from more than 100 peer review articles on the health ramifications of 9/11 , is that the findings are very similar across the studies , " Lorna Thorpe said . Thorpe , the deputy commissioner in the Division of Epidemiology at New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene , is a member of the Medical Working Group . "  That is a very important characteristic to us when we are trying to say how well we understand the short - and medium-term health ramifications , " she said . The group , appointed last year by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , is composed of 16 professionals with varied areas of expertise who include researchers , clinicians , psychiatrists , pulmonologists and environmental health experts . According to their report , there were also glimmers of good news : New diagnoses of the autoimmune disorder sarcoidosis , which were elevated among responding firefighters early on , are now back to pre-September 11 rates ; early symptoms for PTSD resolved quickly for most people ; and any impact on birth outcomes was small in magnitude . "  The review of existing services found that at the moment , the panoply of services that exist in New York City are sufficient for those who are stepping forward with potential 9/11 illnesses , but moving forward , additional federal support for sustaining those services is critical , " Thorpe said , adding that the bigger the outreach effort , the greater the chance of demand to outstrip supply . According to the group , there are still many unanswered questions , including how extensively the disaster affected the health of residents , area workers and students ; what kind of exposure increased risk ; how persistent the mental and physical symptoms are ; how prevalent depression and substance abuse are ; whether there is a possibility of trade center-related cancer ; and how effective is the treatment received by those who sought it . The medical working group also issued recommendations , including advocating for long-term federal funding to ensure that treatment and monitoring can continue ; expanding the research into trade center-related conditions and evaluating the treatments involved ; and expanding the education efforts to increase awareness of both the availability of medical resources for those affected and the clinical guidelines created to treat them . Freed believes that she was lucky in that she was "  too busy " to develop PTSD ; at the time , she was a New York council member and spent the months after the attack working to get her neighborhood back on its feet , bringing in supplies , medicine , information and services . She also continued to live in her apartment , where inches of dust had collected on the terrace , and did n't leave the neighborhood with its ever-present dust cloud for months . "  At that time , I had such a bad WTC cough -- I had gone to one of the doctors at Mount Sinai -LSB- hospital -RSB- , and he basically told me to get out of the district because I was having such a hard time breathing , " she said . "  Like everyone down there , I had a bad cough and what I thought was heartburn , but after the doctor 's visit , I realized the air was so , so caustic that just breathing ended up burning your respiratory system . " To this day , Freed , who is now a civil court judge for Manhattan , suffers from the breathing problems and allergies that developed after the attack , and although she occasionally gets "  the cough , " it does n't bother her nearly as often . The WTC Medical Working Group is expected to issue an update every year . Freed is glad they are around , but she added , "  It might have been nice to have it seven years ago . "	Working group looked at more than 100 studies done since 2001 Survivors reported higher levels of PTSD and respiratory problems such as asthma More federal funds needed for medical services for at-risk groups , panel says Watch 9/11 memorials in New York and Washington on CNN.com Live
CNN  -- Stars , officials and loved ones weighed in Tuesday with their tributes to TV actor Andy Griffith , who died at age 86 in his home state of North Carolina : -- Cindi Griffith , Andy Griffith 's wife : "  Andy was a person of incredibly strong Christian faith and was prepared for the day he would be called Home to his Lord . " -- President Barack Obama : "  Michelle and I were saddened to hear about the passing of Andy Griffith this morning . A performer of extraordinary talent , Andy was beloved by generations of fans and revered by entertainers who followed in his footsteps . He brought us characters from Sheriff Andy Taylor to Ben Matlock , and in the process , warmed the hearts of Americans everywhere . Our thoughts and prayers are with Andy 's family . " White House mourns the death of Andy Griffith -- Jim Nabors : "  I was saddened this morning to learn of the passing of my good friend Andy Griffith.Â He was a legend . My thoughts and prayers are with Andy 's family . " -- Ron Howard : "  His pursuit of excellence and the joy he took in creating served generations & shaped my life , " the film director , who played Opie Taylor on "  The Andy Griffith Show , " said on his Twitter page . "  I 'm forever grateful RIP Andy . " -- Barbara Eden : "  His talent created an aura of reality on the set , " said Eden , who appeared on "  The Andy Griffith Show " before starring in "  I Dream of Jeannie . " "  He was so honest and so centered , sometimes you did n't know if you were having a discussion with him or if you were doing the lines . " -- North Carolina Gov. Beverly Perdue : "  North Carolina has lost its favorite son . Throughout his career , he represented everything that was good about North Carolina : a small town boy and UNC graduate who took a light-hearted approach to some of the attributes he grew up with and turned them into a spectacularly successful career . And regardless of where that career took him , he always came back to North Carolina and spent his final years here . " -- Nancy Stafford , Andy Griffith 's co-star on "  Matlock " : "  I 'm heartsick ... I am forever grateful for the 5 wonderful years I worked with Andy . They were a highlight of my life -- I 've never laughed so hard or learned so much ! He has left an indelible mark on my life -- and the lives of countless millions . He was a consummate professional , an American treasure , and a dear man . " -- Larry King : "  Sad to hear news of Andy Griffith 's death , " the former CNN talk show host tweeted . "  He was a terrific actor , a great comedian , an endearing person . He lived a long & fruitful life . " -- Country singer Brad Paisley : "  An actor who never looked like he was acting , a moral compass who saved as many souls as most preachers , and an entertainer who put smiles on more faces than almost anyone ; this was as successful a life as is pretty much possible . Andy Griffith made the world a better place , and I was so proud to call him a friend . " -- Actor Jeff Daniels : "  Growing up , I watched  "  The Andy Griffith Show "  religiously , " Daniels tweeted . "  One of the reasons why I now do what I do . RIP Andy . " What we love about Andy Griffith Remembering Andy Griffith with Lyrics Actor Andy Griffith dead at 86 ` Andy Griffith ' theme song part of Americana	Andy Griffith "  created an aura of reality on the set , " Barbara Eden says Griffith "  was prepared for the day he would be called Home to his Lord , " his wife says He "  warmed the hearts of Americans everywhere , " President Obama says Film director Ron Howard : Griffith 's "  pursuit of excellence ... shaped my life "
CNN  -- Teleka Patrick had much to look forward to . The new doctor was months into her Michigan hospital residency , and she had plans to visit her parents in Florida for Christmas . Then she failed to show for work this month , and her car was found abandoned in a ditch off a highway in neighboring Indiana . She was gone , along with her purse and keys , police say . Patrick 's disappearance is a mystery to police , who 've scoured the area to no avail , and to relatives . "  Missing work  is out of character where she is concerned , " her father , Matthias Patrick , told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Wednesday . "  She is always deliberate about what she 's doing . " Patrick , 33 , moved to Kalamazoo just six months ago from California , where she earned a medical degree and another doctorate , her family told CNN affiliate WXMI . She was last seen in the parking lot of the hospital where she worked , Kalamazoo 's Borgess Medical Center , on the evening of December 5 , authorities say . Later that night , an Indiana State Police trooper found her car abandoned off Interstate 94 in Porter , Indiana -- about a 100-mile drive southwest of Kalamazoo . She was supposed to be at work at 7 a.m. the next day , but she was reported missing after she did n't arrive , her family said . Investigators have no information pointing to foul play , but also have no conclusive evidence that she left voluntarily , Kalamazoo County Undersheriff Paul Matyas told HLN this week . Police : Dogs tracked scent from car back to highway Patrick 's car ended up in a ditch about 30 to 40 feet off I-94 , but did n't crash , Indiana State Police Sgt. Rick Strong told CNN on Thursday . Investigators used dogs to track the driver . "  The dogs  indicated that whoever was in that vehicle ... tracked back to that roadway " roughly 30 feet from the car , Strong said . The dogs sensed no trace after that . "  We have scoured , searched , and looked at everything we could possibly look at -- all the exits , all the businesses , all the hotels , " Strong said . "  We posted fliers , we talked to neighbors  who live near the highway  . We did a full-blown on-the-ground search in the wooded area north of where the car was . " "  We looked everywhere " but have so far come up empty , he said . Patrick 's disappearance shocked not only her friends and family , but also CNN 's audience . People flocked to CNN iReport asking that CNN cover the story . The iReport had more than 65,000 views Thursday , as well as more than 400 comments asking for help in finding the missing woman . Patrick 's parents told WXMI that she had just bought a plane ticket so that she could visit them in Florida at the end of the month . "  We were shocked . Disbelief , " her mother , Irene Patrick , told WXMI . Patrick was working at Kalamazoo 's two teaching hospitals , the Western University Michigan School of Medicine said . "  This young doctor is new to our community and part of our family of medical professionals , and we 're all hoping and praying for her safe return , " school spokeswoman Laura Eller said . "  We continue to work with authorities in their efforts to locate Dr. Patrick . " CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Dr. Teleka Patrick reported missing after not arriving at work Police : Car found abandoned the night before off I-94 in neighboring Indiana "  We looked everywhere " but have so far come up empty , police say
Walking around the main cemetery in Culiacan , Mexico , is like being in Disneyland for the dead . Known as Jardines del Humaya , the cemetery holds huge mausoleums made of 30-foot-high marble columns . Many of the grave sites are enclosed by ornate buildings the size of small houses . These mausoleums have sitting rooms where family members come to remember their loved ones in true fiesta fashion . Fresh flowers surround altars of expensive bottles of scotch and tequila . Many tombs are air-conditioned , and some even have surround-sound piping in the favorite ballads of the deceased . But the most surreal part of the cemetery is not what 's above ground -- it 's the age of the victims buried below . Many of the "  residents " of these extravagant tombs are teenagers , and many seem to be just shy of their 25th birthday . Culiacan is the birthplace  and for many , the resting place  and base of the Sinaloa cartel , one of Mexico 's most powerful drug trafficking organizations . Bloody battles between cartels and rivals have filled Jardines del Humaya with some of Mexico 's most infamous narco-traffickers . The opulence of their graves is a tribute to the lifestyle of El Narco and the billions of dollars coming into Sinaloa state from the lucrative trade . Like modern-day pharaohs , these drug lords continue to bathe in excess even in the afterlife . In stark contrast to the McMausoleums of Jardines del Humaya , an unimpressive headstone sits in a small cemetery a few miles away . It is the grave of Oscar Rivera , a government spokesman , who had worked as a journalist for many years in Culiacan and covered some of the violence and corruption that engulfed the city . Rivera 's reporting , which touched on how the influence of narco-trafficking permeated every aspect of Culiacan life , contained none of the glamour or rewards of the narco trade itself . Rivera drove a dilapidated car , in contrast to the legions of new Hummers that were cruising downtown Culiacan . He did n't have the fancy clothes or jewelry , and the tools of his trade were plastic pens , while the narcos carried bedazzled gold-plated AK-47s . Both in lifestyle and death-style , Rivera lacks any of the glitter of his narco subjects , but there is one great commonality between them : the peril of their professions . Since President Felipe Calderon took office in 2006 and declared an open war on the drug cartels , nearly 50,000 people have been killed in suspected drug-related violence in Mexico , according to Mexico 's government . Many of the dead are narco-traffickers and low-level dealers . Increasingly , civilians have been caught in the crossfire as cartels fight for the lucrative drug trading zones so critical to smuggling narcotics north . The violence in towns along the U.S.-Mexico border has been well documented . What is lesser known is the violence against journalists . Targeted kidnappings , assassinations and threats have become the new normal for reporters who dare to cover drug trafficking and government corruption . Since 2000 , more than 60 journalists have been killed in Mexico . Not included in that figure are dozens more who have been kidnapped or have simply disappeared . This has made Mexico one of the most dangerous places in the world for journalists , and the trend is increasing . The impunity rate -- the rate at which those crimes go unsolved -- is 98 % , according to Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission . In Mexico , when it comes to a reporter 's death , it seems that many are literally getting away with murder . Javier Valdez Cardenas is a journalist in Culiacan who knew Rivera before Rivera was killed by more than 30 high-caliber bullets in 2007 . Cardenas said that when a journalist like Rivera is killed , "  nothing happens . That 's the saddest part , nothing happens . Living in Sinaloa is a threat , being a journalist is an additional threat . " Michael O'Connor , Mexico representative of the Committee to Protect Journalists , says that almost none of the murder cases of journalists are prosecuted . "  It 's effective impunity , right . You just kill them and get away with it , and you solve your problems very easily , " he said . "  And what does it cost to kill a journalist ? Is it 500 bucks or is it 300 bucks , or is it two beers and the promise of promotion within the criminal organization ? It 's nothing . So if a journalist is causing you the slightest bit of problem , just get rid of them . " The threat to individual journalists has had larger consequences for the free media in Mexico . Many organizations have simply abdicated reporting on the drug wars altogether . Entire shootouts in broad daylight and murders go unreported . The frustration that newspapers experience has prompted an outcry . In 2010 , El Diario , the most popular newspaper in Ciudad Juarez , published an unprecedented full-page editorial . "  You are , at present , the de facto authorities in this city , " the newspaper 's letter to the cartels said , "  because the legal institutions have not been able to keep our colleagues from dying . We do not want more deaths . We do not want more injuries or even more intimidation . It is impossible to exercise our role in these conditions . Tell us , then , what do you expect of us as a medium ? " The response by many newspapers and TV stations has been to simply stop reporting on narco violence and corruption altogether . The vulnerability of traditional media has left a void that some social media have stepped up to fill . In Monterrey , Mexico , a Twitter feed warns people of attacks in real time . In Ciudad Juarez , El Blog De Narco has picked up covering the violence that the mainstream media has left off . But even these alternative outlets have been targeted by the cartels . Last year , a prominent blogger named Maria Elizabeth Macias , who published under the pseudonym "  La Nena de Nuevo Laredo , " was found decapitated , with her head placed next to a keyboard . A note near the body , allegedly from members of the notorious Los Zetas cartel , read , "  OK Nuevo Laredo live on the social networks , I am La Nena de Laredo and I am here because of my reports and yours . " Two other bodies were found hanging from a bridge , disemboweled , with an ominous letter addressed to El Blog de Narco . The violence against journalists in Mexico has severely compromised the quality of information available to the public , both in Mexico and the rest of the world . Much of the international media reporting on the drug violence relies on local reporters . The media as a check on corruption , as a documentarian of daily life and as a purveyor of truth has been cowered . Despite the incredible dangers of reporting , a few courageous people have continued to cover the violence and corruption . In 2011 , the Committee to Protect Journalists awarded Javier Valdez Cardenas the International Press Freedom Award for his reporting in Culiacan . When asked why he continues to write despite a grenade attack on his office , colleagues he has had to bury and repeated threats , he responded , "  In my opinion , silence is a form of death , of complicity . I am not dead , I 'm alive , I 'm writing these stories . I do n't want the day to come where my children will be able to say , ` You were a journalist and this was happening in Culiacan and you stayed quiet . ' No one will be able to tell me , ` You stayed quiet . ' "	Increasingly , civilians have been caught in the crossfire of Mexico 's cartel violence Mexico is also one of the most dangerous places in the world for journalists In Mexico , many organizations have simply quit reporting on the drug wars altogether
