CNN  -- Former England cricket star Chris Lewis was remanded in custody by a British court Tuesday , charged with attempting to smuggle drugs through an airport . Chris Lewis joined Surrey to play in Twenty20 matches for the 2008 season . The 40-year-old all-rounder , who played 32 Tests and 53 one-day internationals for England in the 1990s , was arrested Monday when border officials at London 's Gatwick Airport found cocaine hidden in luggage that had arrived on a flight from the Caribbean island of St. Lucia . Four kilograms of cocaine with a street value of around $ 350,000 was seized by the UK Border Agency , the UK 's Press Association said . The drugs were in a liquid form hidden in fruit tins , officials said . Lewis and basketball player Chad Kirnon , 26 , both from London , were held and questioned by Customs officials and later charged . British Revenue & Customs spokesman Bob Gaiger told PA : "  This was an excellent detection by UK Border Agency officers . "  HMRC , together with UKBA , play a vital role in the fight to prevent illegal drugs from entering the UK and in protecting our communities from the violence and corruption that always accompany this hideous trade . " The two men made a brief appearance at Crawley Magistrates ' Court in West Sussex on Tuesday afternoon , where Lewis had a bail application refused , PA reported . They were remanded in custody to appear via video link in court next Wednesday .	Four kilos of cocaine worth $ 350,000 seized at Gatwick Airport Officials : Drugs were in a liquid form hidden in fruit tins in luggage Chris Lewis played cricket for England during the 1990s
CNN  -- Macedonia is a small landlocked country bordering Albania , Bulgaria , Greece , Kosovo and Serbia . About a quarter of its two million population lives in the capital Skopje , a city on the Vardar River brimming with evidence of a 2,500 year history that has seen it come under Roman , Byzantine , Ottoman and Yugoslav rule . The raging river divides the Albanian and Macedonian communities of Skopje . Almost two-thirds of the country 's population are Orthodox Christians and a third is Muslim , according to the CIA World Factbook . As a result , the country has numerous monasteries , churches and mosques . It also plays host to a number of ancient relics dating back as far as 3,800 years . Lake Ohrid in the south west of the country -- one of the deepest and oldest lakes in Europe -- was once surrounded by 365 churches , some dating as far back as the 4th century . Macedonia lies in a seismically active region and has several hot thermal baths . There are many mountains over 2,500 m in the Shar Planina range . The Lonely Planet travel guide describes the country as a "  paradise " for outdoor types with numerous opportunities for skiing , hiking and climbing . Macedonia was the only country to emerge peacefully from the former Yugoslavia but 20 years later it still has an international identity crisis over its name . Macedonia gained independence from the former Yugoslav federation with overwhelming majority support in a referendum on September 8 , 1991 . To its own citizens , the country is called the Republic of Macedonia , but both the United Nations and the European Union call it the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia  FYR Macedonia  . The reason for the controversy is a region in Greece that is also called Macedonia . International recognition of Macedonia 's independence was delayed by Greek objections to the name . Greece eventually agreed to recognize the "  former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia " designation . Most Macedonians do not like this name , and negotiations are continuing under the United Nations to find a solution , according to the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office . In 2001 , there was an uprising of ethnic Albanians -- who make up a quarter of the population -- demanding equal rights , leading to months of violence . Peace returned later the same year with a peacekeeping operation by NATO troops and a new constitution recognizing Albanian as an official language and increasing access for ethnic Albanians to public sector jobs , including the police force . Official statistics show high unemployment at 31.7 percent as of 2010 , but this does not take into account the extensive informal job market , estimated to be more than 20 per cent of GDP , according to the CIA World Factbook . Macedonia 's current president Gjorgje Ivanov came to power in elections in 2009 . Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski meanwhile was re-elected in parliamentary elections held in July 2011 . His conservative VMRO-DPMNE party now governs in coalition with the ethnic Albanian DUI party . In his victory speech , Ivanov claimed his main priority was seeking further integration and ties with Europe . Macedonia is currently a candidate for membership of the European Union . In September 2011 Macedonia celebrated its 20th anniversary as an independent state . To mark the occasion new monuments , museums , roads and an improved airport terminal were constructed . The centrepiece was the erection of a 24 meter high statue of Alexander the Great in Skopje 's Macedonia Square . The monument has caused further friction with neighboring Greece who view the warrior king as a Greek rather than Macedonian national hero . Given that it is still a relatively young country ; the number of Macedonians to have left their mark on the world stage is relatively small . Some the most notable include footballer Goran Pandev , who won the European Champions League in 2010 whilst playing for Italian giants Inter Milan , and filmmaker Milco Mancevski , who received an Oscar nomination for his 1995 picture "  Before the Rain . " Humanitarian and Nobel peace prize winner Mother Teresa was also born in Skopje in 1910 , although Macedonia was still part of the Ottoman Empire at this time .	Macedonia was the only country to emerge peacefully from the former Yugoslavia The country has had a long-running dispute with Greece over its name About a quarter of its two million population lives in the capital Skopje on the Vardar River
After months of infighting within the Pakistan Taliban , a major faction of the deadly militant group has apparently had enough . The Mehsud faction has announced it 's parting ways with the central leadership of the group , known formally as the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan  TTP  , over ideological differences . The breakaway faction had made attempts to convince the TTP to give up what it said were "  un-Islamic " practices , such as attacks in public places , extortion , and kidnappings , and decided to separate from the banned terrorist outfit after these attempts failed , a spokesperson for the newly-formed faction , Azam Tariq , said in a statement released to the media last week . It 's the first split since the TTP -- a coalition of militant groups -- was founded in 2007 , seeking to establish its version of sharia law across Pakistan . Analysts say the move has major implications for alliances among Islamist groups in the region but there 's no guarantee it will lead to less violence . The breakaway faction will be led by Khalid Mehsud -- also known as Khan Syed Sajna -- a TTP commander based in South Waziristan , near Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan , Tariq said . It 's believed Mehsud will command as many as 2,600 tribesmen , representing around half of the TTP 's forces , although the exact number is hard to determine due to the many smaller splinter groups with changing names and allegiances in other parts of the country , according to Raza Rumi , Senior Fellow at the Jinnah Institute , a Pakistani think tank and consulting editor at The Friday Times . Internal conflict Tensions within the TTP have been brewing for some time . They escalated after the group 's leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , was killed in a U.S. drone strike in November last year , setting off a power struggle among top commanders of the TTP that led to violent clashes in recent months in which dozens of people were killed . Appointed by a tribal council , Mullah Fazlullah has stood at the helm of the TPP since Mehsud 's death . He hails from the Swat valley and is the first TTP leader who is not a Mehsud . He has struggled to contain the internal frictions among the group 's factions , especially those within the Mehsud tribe , which makes up the majority of the TTP . Speaking on behalf of the breakaway faction on May 28 , Tariq said the TTP 's governing committee had been taken over by "  criminals , " accusing the group of taking foreign funding to attack targets in Afghanistan and "  spreading unfounded propaganda against the Afghan Taliban . " The split is expected by some to weaken the Pakistan Taliban . It has been hailed as a success for the Pakistani military , which appears to have adopted a strategy of trying to divide the TTP by negotiating with moderate factions , according to Moeed W. Yusuf , director of South Asia programs at the U.S. Institute of Peace in Washington -- although the military has never publicly stated this was its plan . "  Breaking an insurgent faction from within is a time-tested strategy , " Yusuf said . Some factions of the TPP are more willing to end attacks on Pakistani authorities and civilians , in exchange for more autonomy in tribal areas than hardliners , who are determined to implement sharia law across the country . Fazlullah , who leads the group remotely from Afghanistan , is among those fighting for Islamic law at all costs . On May 19 , he said the group would not end its jihad until sharia law was established or they "  embrace martyrdom . " "  The Fazlullah group is clear on  its  objectives to attack Pakistan 's army and Pakistan 's state , " Rumi from the Jinnah Institute told CNN . "  The Sajna group  led by Khalid Mehsud  has reservations  about  what the military has been doing , but resists the brutal attacks on Pakistan 's army . " The government began peace talks with the TTP earlier this year but they have yet to reach an agreement . "  I think these recent talks that the government has initiated with the TTP have played their part and it 's quite a victory for the ISI  the military 's intelligence agency  to have played a role in this split , " said Rumi . War on terror The ideological rift is also tied to the winding down of U.S. and NATO operations in Afghanistan , analysts say . "  The heart of the reason why the TTP came into being was that it opposed Pakistan 's alignment with the United States in the war on terror and the presence of U.S. troops in Afghanistan , " said Rumi . "  Now , with the impending NATO withdrawal , the impetus for attacks on the Pakistani state is diminishing because the U.S. has announced it will be leaving the region and of course , that changes the whole context in which  the TTP  is operating . " The question now , says Rumi , is how Al Qaeda and other splinter groups will react . "  Al Qaeda is likely to be worried about this split because in a unified strong TTP they had a very useful partner to capture more power and space in Pakistan , but now they will be feeling a little rattled by these counter-moves by Pakistan 's government and military . " The secession also comes on the heels of a massive targeted operation in Waziristan by the Pakistani army . At least 60 terrorists were killed in airstrikes in tribal areas this month , the army claims . On Tuesday , Pakistan 's army chief Raheel Sharif announced "  together the whole nation has rejected the misplaced ideology of the terrorists , who have clearly lost their cause already and are being marginalized . "	Mehsud faction of Pakistan Taliban defects , citing ideological differences The break comes after months of internal friction within the militant group Analysts say the split weakens the Taliban , government talks played a role It remands to be seen how Al Qaeda and splinter groups will respond
CNN  ISIS is holding many more Assyrian Christians hostage than previously thought -- and it is reportedly planning to release a message Wednesday threatening to kill them . Osama Edward , founder of the Assyrian Human Rights Network , told CNN that the extremist group is now believed to have 150 hostages , citing the latest information from the network 's team on the ground . Initial estimates put the number seized at between 70 and 100 people , among them women , children and the elderly . The video message will be directed to President Barack Obama and other members of the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS , Edward said from Stockholm , Sweden . The Assyrians were kidnapped early Monday from villages near Tal Tamer in northeastern Syria . Edward , who has family in the area attacked by the terror group , said the latest information from the ground indicated the hostages had been moved to an ISIS-controlled location . The activist organization Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently also said on Twitter that ISIS has moved a number of Assyrian captives to Raqqa , which has been called the Islamist extremist group 's de facto capital . The last message received from the hostages was a text from a kidnapped woman to her husband , Edward said . She said the kidnappers were interrogating the hostages about whether the women were members of local militias . Edward said he feared the hostages would face the same fate as Assyrians targeted in Iraq and the more than 20 members of Egypt 's Coptic Christian minority slaughtered by ISIS in Libya last month . "  Maybe they are facing the same destiny . That 's why we call on all over the world , like the U.S , Europe , coalition forces -- protect Assyrians , save Assyrians in Syria , " he said . "  They are facing death , people are unarmed , they are peaceful . And they need help , they are just left alone -- no one 's protecting them . " Edward said some 35 Assyrian villages and towns had now been taken over by ISIS , forcing thousands of families to flee . Some 600 of these families have taken refuge in St. Mary 's Cathedral in al-Hasakah , Syria . After years caught up in the middle of a civil war , many of these Assyrians lack food , water , blankets and other basics . The Assyrians are a proud group that 's overcome a lot in their history . They can trace their roots back some 4,000 years to the time of Mesopotamia , considered one of the cradles of civilization and birthplace of writing and literature . While their first religion was Ashurism , Assyrians have been predominantly Christian since the third century . "  How can Syria be Syria without the Assyrians ? " Edward said . "  We gave the country our name . " ISIS has proven , time and again , its willingness to ruthlessly go after minority groups who do n't subscribe to its extreme , twisted take on Islam . Some of their targets -- the Assyrians included -- have taken up arms in an attempt to defend their communities , fighting alongside Kurdish militia , which have made some recent gains against ISIS in Syria 's northeast . Thus , while kidnapping women and children is unacceptable by any measure , ISIS going after the Assyrian community in al-Hasakah Province may have an element of military , as well as religious , motivation . But ISIS has faced some opposition . According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , members of the Kurdish YPG -- or People 's Protection Units -- have taken control of 70 villages in the Syrian province . They 're on the cusp of taking some inhabited by Assyrians and were clashing Wednesday with ISIS forces around Tal Tamer , the London-based monitoring group reported . Embattled civilians are also getting help from the the al-Sanadid Army and other fighters , as well as from U.S.-led coalition airstrikes . The Observatory claims that 132 ISIS militants have been killed since Saturday . Of course , this is n't the only place where ISIS has been blamed for atrocities or has encountered pushback . The militant group also holds vast swaths of territory in Iraq , including its second-largest city of Mosul . Yet Iraq 's once beleaguered military has made progress of late , liberating most areas of the long besieged town of al-Baghdadi , according to the Iraqi Defense Ministry . Videos released by the ministry Tuesday showed convoys moving toward al-Baghdadi and patrolling parts of the city as well as lawmakers visiting the nearby Ayn al-Asad air base , where some 400 U.S. military personnel are stationed to train Iraqi pilots in the fight against ISIS . When contacted by CNN , an Anbar official , Faleh al-Assawi , said Iraqi security forces aided by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes had secured about 80 % of al-Baghdadi . The Defense Ministry said on its website that it is working to secure the rest of the town . Elsewhere in Anbar Province , video posted online shows Iraqi security forces ' discovery of tunnels presumably dug by ISIS to give them an underground route to reach a central government compound in Ramadi , about 70 miles  110 kilometers  west of Baghdad . This can all be seen as progress . Even then , they 're only small steps toward eradicating a threat that , in many ways , remains as savage and dangerous as ever . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Salim Essaid , Anas Hamdan , Gul Tuysuz and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	Group : Kurds are clashing with ISIS in town where many Assyrians were abducted ISIS is holding 150 Assyrian Christians hostage in northeastern Syria , Assyrian activist says Extremist group plans to release a video message threatening to kill hostages , he says
CNN  -- The meeting on Tuesday between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Ukrainian counterpart , Petro Poroshenko , marks the beginning of a new phase in the conflict between the two countries . Military analysts say that the date by which Putin could have safely hoped to initiate and complete a full scale invasion of Ukraine before the onset of winter has already passed , so the threat of an open military confrontation has receded and there is space to give diplomacy a chance . Yet it would be premature to conclude that jaw-jaw is about to replace war-war entirely . If there are powerful forces driving both sides to the negotiating table , there are also major differences that continue to keep them apart . We can expect a tense and difficult winter ahead . The main reason Putin is now willing to explore a negotiated solution is that Western sanctions are beginning to bite . Currency instability , accelerating capital flight and vanishing growth rates all point to a deep and sustained recession if the current political uncertainty persists and Western pressure is maintained . As Putin noted in a recent speech , Russia can not fence itself off from the outside world . There is n't a go it alone option if Russia is denied access to global markets and finance . Putin therefore needs to find a way of normalizing relations with the West and bringing sanctions to an end in exchange for stabilizing the situation and allowing Ukraine to function as a country . Without this , patriotic fervor is likely to subside in the face of economic hardship and record approval ratings will quickly return to their pre-crisis lows . Closely related to this is the fate of Crimea , the territory annexed by Russia earlier this year . The picture emerging from the peninsula is one of steep price rises and acute material shortages as the problem of resupplying the territory without land access from Ukraine becomes apparent . A successful Russian invasion of eastern and southern Ukraine would have resolved that issue at a stroke , but with that option apparently off the table Putin faces real difficulties . What many saw as a geopolitical masterstroke in March is set to become a major financial burden stretching years into the future unless some kind of agreement can be struck . Kiev and the West will never recognize the annexation of Crimea , but arrangements for the supply of water , energy and other goods will undoubtedly form part of the wider negotiation . For Poroshenko the issues are equally stark . The economic outlook for Ukraine remains dire unless the crisis can be brought to an end and the country is able to function to some extent as a single unit once again . Ukrainian forces have made significant gains at the expense of the separatists over the last couple of months , but Kiev probably does n't have the means to bring the insurgency to an end by military means alone . Russia 's capacity to destabilize the east remains immense and recent steps to reinforce the separatists and "  Ukrainianise " its leadership suggest that Moscow is preparing to play the long game . Energy is another area of concern for Poroshenko . In the absence of a new agreement on gas supply from Russia , reserves will probably be insufficient to cover demand in the cold months ahead . Reverse flow from the West might help to mitigate the problem , but a harsh winter would leave Ukraine badly exposed . Although both sides face major pressure to reach a negotiated settlement , they remain far apart on the substance . Russia sees Ukraine as part of its sphere of "  privileged interests " and is determined to prevent the country moving closer to the West . Kiev wants to maintain an independent foreign policy , including the option of deeper integration with the West . The terrain on which this struggle is being played out is the debate over Ukraine 's constitutional future and relationship between the center and the regions in particular . In the absence of a friendly government in Kiev , Russia is promoting a form of federalism that in reality looks more like confederalism . This would give Russian-speaking regions of the east control not only over their own domestic affairs , such as education , public services and the local economy , but also the right to determine their own foreign alignments , security structures and possibly border controls . The ideal model for Russia is the Dayton Agreement that brought the conflict in Bosnia-Herzegovina to an end in 1995 . This created two constitutionally autonomous entities , each with a veto over foreign policy and other major national decisions . Russia has been able to forge close ties to Republika Srpska and relies on it to block Bosnia 's membership of NATO . For understandable reasons the government in Kiev is unwilling to countenance an agreement on this basis . Although it is prepared to cede much greater autonomy to the regions in crucial matters like language and education , it recognizes that Putin-style "  federalism " would put a block closer ties to the EU and become a ramp for the soft integration of its eastern regions into a Russian sphere of influence . Poroshenko is under intense pressure , especially from Germany , to negotiate some kind of decentralized arrangement , but the separatists and their Russian sponsors show no signs of lowering their demands to the point where an agreement might be achievable . Although an end to the crisis is to be hoped for , the starting point of European diplomacy should be that a quick solution is unlikely and that the reason for this is Moscow 's unreasonable expectation of a veto over Ukraine 's future . Germany should stop pressuring Ukraine 's leaders to consider proposals that would effectively lead to the break up of their country . Instead effort should be focused on strengthening Ukraine 's sovereignty and long-term bargaining power in relation to Russia . Measures to increase energy supplies , provide economic support and strengthen Ukraine 's defense capacities over the difficult winter months ahead should be priorities . At the same time , economic pressure on Russia should be maintained and stepped up . This is a battle of wills and Putin wo n't reconsider his position unless the West is able to demonstrate the resolve needed to prevail . Nina Dos Santos : To punish Russia , Europe must be prepared to suffer Russian sanctions : Which foods are off Russian menus ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Clark .	Russian President Vladimir Putin met his Ukrainian counterpart Petro Poroshenko David Clark of the Russia Foundation says a quick solution to the crisis is unlikely Effort should be focused on strengthening Ukraine 's sovereignty , he writes
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexican authorities were investigating Wednesday after finding the dismembered bodies of 15 people inside two vehicles on a highway in western Mexico , state media reported . Investigators were working to determine the ages , genders and identities of the victims , Jalisco state Attorney General Tomas Coronado Olmos said . The bodies , found in two vehicles on a highway between the cities of Guadalajara and Chapala , could be connected with the kidnapping of 12 people in a nearby municipality , Coronado said , according to the state-run Notimex news agency . The discovery occurred more than five months after authorities found 26 bodies in three vehicles near a monument on one of Guadalajara 's main avenues . Jalisco state has seen an increase in violence since 2008 , as clashes increase between drug cartels over trafficking routes and local drug sales . Several weeks after the bodies were found in November , state prosecutors said they had arrested three men who masterminded those killings . The suspects , they said , were members of the Milenio cartel , which is allied with the Zetas and fighting for territory in the region with the powerful Sinaloa cartel . More than 47,000 people have been killed in drug-related violence since Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 , according to government statistics . But brutal cartel killings have been less common in Guadalajara , Mexico 's second-most populous city . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Prosecutor : Investigators are working to determine victims ' ages , genders and IDs The incident could be linked to a kidnapping that occurred nearby , a state prosecutor says Authorities find 15 dismembered bodies inside two vehicles on a highway Five months ago , 26 bodies were found inside vehicles in Guadalajara
CNN  Sky watchers in western North America are in for a treat : a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning . Here 's how it 's unfolding : It started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time , when the moon began moving into Earth 's shadow . For the next hour and 45 minutes , that shadow will move across the moon and engulf it at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time . The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds , and NASA says that makes it the shortest one of the century . Watch it live on NASA TV While people west of the Mississippi River will have the best view , at least a partial eclipse will be visible across the nation . But sunrise will interrupt the show on the East Coast . Parts of South America , India , China and Russia also will be able to see the eclipse , but it wo n't be visible in Greenland , Iceland , Europe , Africa or the Middle East . A lunar eclipse happens when the sun , Earth and moon form a straight line in space , with the Earth smack in the middle . The sun shines on the Earth and creates a shadow . As the moon moves deeper into that shadow , it appears to turn dark and may even appear to be a reddish color . Why red ? Because Earth 's atmosphere is filtering out most of the blue light . Some people have nicknamed the effect the "  blood moon . " NASA says lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year , but this eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row , known as a "  tetrad . " The first was on April 15 , 2014 . The second was in September 2014 , the next is Saturday and there will be one more , on September 28 . If you want to learn more about the eclipse , NASA astronomer Mitzi Adams will take questions on Twitter @NASA_Marshall . Did you see the total lunar eclipse ? Share your photos with CNN iReport .	The total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view Parts of South America , India , China and Russia also will see the eclipse
The WITCH is back . Of course , if you 're a computer historian , you already know that WITCH refers to the Wolverhampton Instrument for Teaching Computation from Harwell . If not , here 's the story : The 2.5-ton machine , first constructed in the 1950s as part of an atomic research program , became the "  world 's oldest original working digital computer " after a museum in the UK restored and then rebooted it on Tuesday . Unlike today 's nearly mute devices , the massive computer clicks , clacks and flashes like something out of an old sci-fi movie . "  In 1951 the Harwell Dekatron  the other , less-amazing name for the WITCH  was one of perhaps a dozen computers in the world , and since then it has led a charmed life surviving intact while its contemporaries were recycled or destroyed , " Kevin Murrell , a trustee at the UK 's National Museum of Computing , said in a news release . The computer outlived its usefulness in atomic research by 1957 and was used as a teaching device until 1973 . It went on display briefly before being dismantled , the museum says , and then was "  rediscovered " by volunteers at the museum in 2008 or 2009 . The computer 's "  flashing lights and clattering printers and readers provides an awe-inspiring display for visiting school groups and the general public keen to learn about our rich computer heritage , " the museum says . It 's also a healthy reminder that not all gadgets have to die after a single product cycle . At a time when iPhones are swapped out every 12 months , the TI-83 calculator and this computer are among the only pieces of technological machinery that have survived for decades . The WITCH , however , does n't serve much of a practical purpose at this point . "  All together , the machine can store 90 numbers . The closest analogy is a man with a pocket calculator , " Delwyn Holroyd , who led the restoration effort , tells the BBC in a video about the restoration  you should watch the video , by the way , if for no other reason that to see this thing in action ; it sounds like a broken typewriter as it works  . "  However , unlike the man with a pocket calculator , this machine can carry on day and night , and it does n't make mistakes . " Modern computers store information in binary code , or a system of 1s and 0s . The WITCH , by contrast , features walls of dekatron valves , which are little light-bulb-looking things . It counts on a 10-digit decimal system . "  All told , the WITCH had 40 banks of 8 dekatrons , meaning it could store up to 40 8-digit numbers , " Sebastian Anthony writes for the website ExtremeTech . "  The computational processes themselves , carried out by relays , was very slow -- somewhere on the order of 5 or 10 seconds to multiply two numbers . " Another drawback : The WITCH reads computer programs from paper tape with holes punched in it . The computer "  does n't have a keyboard or a monitor like a modern machine , " Holroyd explains in an ITV video . Perhaps the machine is so mesmerizing because , in a way , you can see how it works . Modern computers -- much less the Internet or smartphones -- are largely silent , glowing devices . They seem powered by wizardry . The WITCH , by contrast , is a clacking , blinking , ticking mess of mechanical parts . "  To see it in action is to watch the inner workings of a computer -- something that is impossible on the machines of today , " Murrell , from the museum , says in the news release . "  The restoration has been in full public view and even before it was working again the interest from the public was enormous . " If you want to see the machine for yourself , it 's on display at the National Museum of Computing in Buckinghamshire , north of London . It 's located on the Bletchley Park estate , which was home to England 's codebreakers during World War II .	The "  world 's oldest original working digital computer " gets a reboot The WITCH is now operational at a museum in the UK The computer , created for atomic research , was restored over three years It has the computing power of "  a man with a pocket calculator "
London , England  CNN  -- An auction that included works by Pablo Picasso and Claude Monet raked in 152.6 million pounds  US$ 226.5 million  Wednesday night , setting a record for highest total ever realized in an British art auction , according to Christie 's . Picasso 's "  Portrait of Angel Fernandez de Soto , a 1903 Blue Period masterpiece , took the top price at nearly 35 million pounds  $ 51.6 million  -- nearly double what the previous owners , the Andrew Lloyd Webber Foundation , paid for it in 1995 . An anonymous telephone bidder won the painting . "  Global bidders competed at this evening 's auction and demonstrated that the art market continues to attract significant levels of spending , particularly for the rarest and most exceptional works of art , " said Giovanna Bertazzoni , director of Christie 's Impressionist and Modern Art division . "  We are particularly pleased that Picasso 's portrait of Angel Fernández de Soto realized over 34 million pounds with proceeds to benefit arts culture and heritage in the UK , and that for the first time an auction inLondon has broken the 150 million pound barrier . " But the auction fell short of Christie 's expected totals -- between 163 million and 231 million pounds  $ 242.5 million and $ 343.7 million  for the 62 works . The Picasso did n't bring in top dollar , but did fall into Christie 's expectations , between 30 and 40 million pounds  $ 44.7 and $ 59.5 million  . Monet 's "  breathtaking " water lily painting "  Nympheas , " from 1906 , had been expected to sell for the same amount , the auction house said , but it failed to make the top ten . Another work by Monet , from 1884 , brought in nearly $ 5 million . Gustav Klimt 's "  Portrait of Ria Monk III " was sold for $ 27.9 million , and a 1969 Picasso piece , "  Le baiser , " sold for $ 18 million . The only other painting to top $ 10 million was Vincent Van Gogh 's "  Parc de l'hopital St. Paul " from 1889 , which sold for $ 13.4 million . Paintings by Joan Miro , Henri Matisse , Rene Magritte and Auguste Rodin were also sold at the auction . Matisse 's "  Nu à la Chaise Longue , " from 1923 , had not been seen in public since the year after it was painted and was offered at auction for the first time , Christie 's said . The painting sold for $ 9.9 million . All of the buyers of the top ten grossing paintings were anonymous .	Picasso painting was top seller Auction set UK record Proceeds did not reach Christie 's expectations , however Matisse work not seen since 1924 sold for nearly $ 10 million
CNN  -- This week Iran and world powers finally commence long-delayed nuclear negotiations in Geneva . Was it a coincidence that just a few days ago , Barack Obama and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani engaged in a monumental 15-minute phone call and reopened a line of communication that has been closed for more than thirty years ? It 's clear that Iran 's new president hopes to establish trust between the West and Iran so that sanctions on Iran 's economy are removed . In return Rouhani , who says Iran has no intention of developing nuclear weapons , promises to offer complete transparency into the country 's uranium enrichment program . Securing this trust between both Iran and the United States , however , will be no easy feat . Decades of political antagonism -- along with Iran 's Revolutionary Guard and the U.S. Congress -- stand in the way of a successfully negotiated outcome . Iran and the U.S. have a number of areas of mutual interest : stability in Iraq , peace and security in Afghanistan , and the resolution of the conflict in Syria . Iran has control and influence over the region via its affairs with and support of Hezbollah in Lebanon and Syria . All of these difficulties are compounded by the nuclear issue . But the resolution of the crisis through a grand bargain would in fact benefit not only the U.S. , but also its allies in the region . And although the thought of a compromise with Iran concerns Israel , Saudi Arabia , and the emiratis of the region , that does n't mean all is lost . ANALYSIS : U.S. hopeful , "  clear-eyed " over talks The stringent sanctions on trade with the U.S. and Europe have seen Iran gradually shift its oil and gas trade toward Asia -- namely China and India . But Iran 's exclusion from the SWIFT currency clearing system has forced Tehran to deal in local currencies . When Iran trades with India it receives rupees in exchange for its oil . Iran then uses the rupees to buy Indian products , but it has ended up selling more oil than it has made in imports , creating a trade imbalance . Relaxation on sanctions on these trading partners will be easier to implement . While sanctions related to medical necessities have already been relaxed , and discussions about freer trade in petrochemicals and the loosening of trade controls on gold have been mentioned , Iran will hardly perceive these steps as sufficient . In reality , in the short term , Iran needs to be granted access to fund transfers via SWIFT . In the longer term , the U.S. will be asked to ensure Iran has access to the proper technology required for efficient oil and gas production . Projects â $ " such as the pipeline that supplies Iranian oil to Pakistan and India , and thus benefits not only Iran but also Pakistan and India â $ " will need to be allowed to be implemented . In exchange for U.S. help in removing some of the sanctions and in the opening up of exportation channels , Iran would need to agree to complete transparency and to the closure of some of its nuclear facilities . But the hurdles are many , and the most complicated and involved ones are with the U.S. Congress . The Obama administration has limited control over the actions of the legislative branch , and voting against Iran may be more politically expedient for lawmakers on Capitol Hill . This is one of the reasons why Ayatollah Khamenei , Iran 's Supreme Leader , has said he believes America is not reliable and can not be trusted . Opinion : How Tehran got back to the negotiating table Despite these difficulties , I believe there remains room to strike a deal . Iran may be willing to provide significant transparency , including extensive and thorough inspections of all nuclear operations , a reduction in the amount of nuclear material produced and stored in Iran , and even the dismantling of a few thousand centrifuges . But Iran will be reluctant to relinquish its 20 % - enriched uranium , which experts believe can easily be weaponized , unless the West is willing to provide similar material for use in Iranian research facilities . For its part the P5 +1 -- the United States , Russia , China , France , Britain and Germany -- would need to make trade with Iran less burdensome by allowing a specified set of Iranian banks access to currency clearing via SWIFT . The U.S. and its partners would also need to remove a number of sanctions to allow Iran to more freely trade its oil with its partners to the East and be paid for it in tradable currencies . If trust can be established and a bargain can be struck , the sheer size of Iran 's population of 75 million could make it the largest economy to rejoin the global system since the collapse of the Eastern bloc economies . Many Iranians are well-educated and eager to participate in the global market , providing an ideal situation from which many future businesses could emerge . If it is perceived by the Western world that Iranian discussions with the U.S. seem to be going well , the Americans will likely see enormous business pressure from others , including our European friends , to accelerate the process of reducing sanctions . Despite the complex and often-conflicting interests of the negotiating parties , I believe at least a partial deal will be struck between Iran and the West -- an agreement that begins to bring Iran back into the international fold and provides steps to end 34 years of what has been a lose-lose situation for everyone involved . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Fariborz Ghadar .	Despite areas of mutual interest , securing trust between Iran and U.S. wo n't be easy Iran must be transparent over nuclear program ; U.S. must allow Iran access to SWIFT Ghadar : A partial deal out of talks could bring Iran back into global fold
Racist taunts against Italy 's first black minister , Cecile Kyenge , took another ugly turn over the weekend when someone hurled bananas at her during a rally . Kyenge 's appointment as Italy 's minister of integration three months ago is n't sitting well with right-wing radicals whose racial slurs and antics have overshadowed her tenure . The banana incident is just the latest . It took place Friday in Cervia , where Kyenge was speaking to supporters . A man popped up out of the crowd and launched two bananas toward the podium , Kyenge spokesman Cosimo Torlo said . The bananas fell short of the stage , landing between the first and second row of spectators . Giancarlo Mazzuca , chief editor of the daily newspaper Il Giorno , was sitting two chairs away from Kyenge . "  I was able to verify which levels can be reached by human stupidity , " he wrote in a column . Police have n't found the person who hurled the bananas . There will be increased security around the minister , Torlo said . Kyenge shrugged off the episode -- as she has with the other incidents . In a Twitter post , she called it a sad waste of food when so many people are dying of hunger . Kyenge , who was born in the Democratic Republic of Congo , moved to Italy in the 1980s to study medicine . She became an Italian citizen and is an ophthalmologist in Modena . While her ascent to a top government position reflects the success of immigrants , it also has stoked nativism . Ominous mannequins Just before Kyenge arrived for Friday 's rally , a group smeared blood-red paint and anti-immigrant messages onto mannequins . "  Immigration kills , " read signs attached to the dummies . The far-right political group Forza Nuova  "  New Force "  claimed responsibility for the mannequins . The scene was also littered with fliers that said Italy 's future growth depends on "  protecting the Italian identity , " according to the ANSA news agency . Insults from other politicians Two weeks ago , Italian Sen. Roberto Calderoli likened Kyenge to an orangutan . Calderoli , a member of the anti-immigration Northern League party , made the remarks at a political rally . "  I love animals -- bears and wolves , as everyone knows -- but when I see the pictures of Kyenge , I can not but think of , even if I 'm not saying she is one , the features of an orangutan , " he was quoted as saying . After his comments were published , Calderoli said "  if I 've offended her , I apologize . " "  It was a joke , a comment in a joking way . There was nothing particularly against her , " he said . "  It was just my impression . ... It is all very well that she be a minister but in her own country . Given that this government needs to govern Italy , I hope that it is done by Italians . " Kyenge responded diplomatically , saying Calderoli "  does not need to ask forgiveness to me , but he should rather reflect on the political and institutional role that he carries . It is on this that he needs to make a profound reflection also to then apologize . " She added , "  Also , he must go beyond putting everything on a personal level . I think the time has come for us to study the problem of communication . " Death threats Kyenge has also received death threats before visiting an area where the Northern League is powerful . A local politician recently said on Facebook that Kyenge should be raped so she can understand the pain felt by victims of crime , which some politicians blame on immigrants . She 's been called a "  Congolese monkey , " "  Zulu " and "  the black anti-Italian . " One Northern League official said "  she seems like a great housekeeper " but "  not a government minister . " Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta appealed to Northern League leader Roberto Maroni to "  close this chapter right away . " Read more : Racist abuse of AC Milan star investigated Tensions over immigrants Italy has been experiencing its highest level of unemployment in more than 20 years . In tough times , some Italians focus their anger on immigrants , Mazzuca , the newspaper editor , told CNN . "  The economic crisis is worsening the situation , " he said . "  Jobs that until a few years ago would n't have even been considered by Italians are now becoming precious . " There have recently been more and more reports of Italians beating foreigners , particularly street vendors , Mazzuca said . He said does n't believe that Italians generally are racists and hopes Kyenge will be able to ease racial tensions . "  I really think that Kyenge is the right person in the right place , " he said . "  As an eye doctor , she is able to see in the distance . "	Cecile Kyenge has been the target of death threats and racist antics She became Italy 's first black government minister in April Newspaper editor says the bad economy has contributed to racial tensions
CNN  -- Officials in West Texas said Monday they are investigating the "  suspicious " death of a 3-year-old boy , adopted from Russia , and a Russian official blamed the death on "  inhuman abuse . " The boy was born on January 9 , 2010 , and died on January 21 , 2013 , according to Konstantin Dolgov , the Russian Foreign Ministry 's special representative for human rights . "  I would like to draw your attention to another case of inhuman abuse of a Russian child by U.S. adoptive parents , " he said in a statement . Dolgov claimed the child suffered injuries to his head and legs , as well as to his abdomen and internal organs . The wounds , he said , "  could only be caused by strong blows . " Kim Herrington , an investigator with the Ector County Medical Examiner 's Office , said the case was referred to his office because of the "  suspicious " nature of the child 's death . Patrick Crimmins , of Texas Child Protective Services , said his office is investigating . The allegations include physical abuse and neglectful supervision , or neglect , he said . Sgt. Gary Duesler , spokesman for the Ector County Sheriff 's Office , said his office is also investigating . No arrests have been made , and officials are waiting for autopsy results , he said . A call seeking comment to a number listed for the boy 's adoptive parents was not immediately returned . A voice message told reporters the parents would have no comment . The child 's death comes amid tension between the United States and Russia over adoptions . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Monday that officials are aware of the case . "  The Department of State takes very seriously the welfare of children , particularly children who have been adopted from other countries , " she said . "  We will continue to assist the Russian Embassy and consulate officials in making contact with the appropriate authorities in Texas . " In December , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law a measure that would ban the adoption of Russian children by U.S. families . It is scheduled to take effect in January . The action could affect hundreds of U.S. families seeking to adopt . Americans adopted close to 1,000 Russian children last year , according to U.S. State Department figures . Though the number has been dropping in recent years , Russia remains the third most popular foreign country -- after China and Ethiopia -- for U.S. foreign adoptions . The Russian measure also bars any political activities by nongovernmental organizations receiving funding from the United States , if such activities could affect Russian interests , Russia 's semiofficial RIA Novosti news agency said . And it imposes sanctions against U.S. officials thought to have violated human rights . The move is widely seen as retaliation for a bill that U.S. President Barack Obama signed into law on December 14 . That law , called the Magnitsky Act , imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia . The Magnitsky Act is named for Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky , who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country 's history in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . Magnitsky was apparently beaten to death in 2009 after a year in a Moscow detention center . Backers of the Russian bill said American adoptive parents have been abusive , citing what they say are 19 deaths of adopted Russian children since the 1990s . The Russian public supported the bill , with 56 % of respondents in a poll conducted by the Public Opinion Foundation  FOM  saying they backed the ban , RIA Novosti reported . In 2010 , an American woman sparked outrage after she sent her adopted son back to Russia alone on a one-way flight , saying the boy , then 7 , had violent episodes that made her family fear for its safety . CNN 's Chandler Friedman and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	A 3-year-old boy adopted from Russia reportedly died on January 21 He suffered "  inhuman abuse " at the hands of his adoptive parents , says a Russian official Authorities in Texas are investigating the allegations of abuse His death comes amid tension between the United States and Russia over adoptions
CNN  -- Steve Jobs had a long run with a rare form of cancer  a pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor  that is sometimes curable by early surgery . While I was not his physician and do n't have access to the details of his illness or its treatment , assertions that his use of alternative medicine shortened his life strike me as uninformed . No one knows how long he would have survived or what his quality of life would have been had he opted for immediate surgery and used only conventional treatment . For the past 40 years I have studied alternative and complementary therapies to learn which of them might usefully be combined with conventional approaches to develop a safer , more effective and more cost-effective system of care -- the result is the integrative medicine that I practice and teach . In the course of these investigations , I have looked at many alternative cancer treatments and found none of them to be effective . None withstand scientific scrutiny . Yet I find our standard cancer treatments to be incomplete and sometimes more harmful than beneficial . In the case of pancreatic cancer , they usually offer minimal extended survival , often at the expense of reduced quality of life . In October , 2010 , I traveled in China to learn more about efforts there to integrate Western and Chinese medicine . My hosts took me to Guang ` anmen Hospital in Beijing , a very large modern medical center devoted entirely to integrative medicine . Its largest department is oncology . Every cancer patient there gets appropriate surgery , chemotherapy and radiation therapy , as well as sophisticated herbal therapy designed to reduce toxicity and increase efficacy of those treatments , to strengthen body defenses against cancer and enhance quality of life . Acupuncture and nutrition are also part of the hospital 's integrative cancer treatment . Seeing the large number of successful outcomes there made me sad that few American cancer patients can access this kind of care . What most impressed me is that it is supervised by fully trained oncologists in an academic medical center . Cancer centers in the United States that claim they offer "  integrative " care stick to the safest complementary services -- massage , stress reduction , counseling . They would n't let a Chinese herb on their premises -- even a totally safe one like astragalus  from the root of Astragalus membranaceous  that helps protect bone marrow from the toxic effects of some chemotherapy agents . American oncologists commonly tell patients to avoid all dietary supplements and natural remedies while undergoing treatment and to eat whatever they want . That 's not good enough . If cancer is confined to one part of the body and is accessible , surgery is usually curative , and it would be foolish not to use it . Unfortunately , by the time many cancers are first detected , they have already spread from their point of origin . Chemotherapy and radiotherapy may be the best treatments we have in those cases , but they are crude approaches that damage normal cells as well as malignant ones , especially in sensitive tissues of the immune system . I 'm sure they will eventually be replaced by targeted , individualized therapies that cause less collateral damage . In the meantime , much can be done to improve our management of cancer . I would urge patients and families not to reject surgery , chemotherapy , or radiotherapy but to seek and demand integrative treatment . The Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine that I direct has graduated a number of oncologists from its intensive fellowship training ; a goal of the center is to develop formal training in integrative oncology . The Society for Integrative Oncology will hold its 8th annual international conference in Cleveland next month ; it is co-sponsored by Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine . This is the future . Again , I do n't know enough about Steve Jobs ' cancer or the treatments he used to comment on them specifically . I hope he was lucky enough to find an integrative oncologist to help him with the tough decisions that all cancer patients must make about the recommendations they get , both from conventional doctors and others . I wish that all cancer patients could partner with integrative oncologists to guide them through the maze of confusing options , avoid fraudulent treatments and scams and make use of all safe and effective therapies to eliminate tumors , prevent recurrences and preserve quality of life . By demanding integrative oncology practitioners and facilities , consumers can speed their appearance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Weil .	Andrew Weil says he ca n't say if Steve Job 's treatment choices shortened his life He says in his studies he has found no alternative therapy for cancer that is effective But , he says , alternative therapies can help strengthen body during cancer care Weil : Integrative medicine should be essential part of cancer care
CNN  The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States , law enforcement officials said Saturday . The investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works , the officials said . No arrests have been made . It 's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational . The exact nature of the threat could n't be learned . One official said it focused on parts of California where officials stepped up security , a U.S. official said . The Transportation Security Administration alerted local law enforcement agencies that are responsible for external security around airports , but officials said the possible threat is not necessarily aviation-related . Some cities around the United States have increased their security as a precaution . A Department of Homeland Security spokesperson declined Saturday to talk about specifics , but spoke about security measures in general . "  Over the last few months , we have made a number of security adjustments , including enhanced screening at select overseas airports and increasing random searches of passengers and carry-on luggage on flights inbound to the U.S. , reflecting an evolving threat picture , " the spokesman said . He said the DHS added layers of security to the Electronic System for Travel Authorization . ETSA is an online application system to screen travelers before they are allow to board an airplane or ship bound for the United States . In February , a more visible law enforcement presence was put in place at federal facilities , he said . "  The department has conducted significant outreach efforts ... with state and local law enforcement partners regarding these trends and engaging in a series of meetings and events with local community leaders across the country to counter violent extremism , " he said .	Officials say the investigation originated from intercepted chatter Possible threat focused on parts of California , one says
North Korea fired two projectiles Sunday that "  appear to be short-range missiles " into the sea off the eastern coast of the Korean Peninsula , a South Korean Defense Ministry official told CNN . The launch took place shortly before 5 a.m.  4 p.m. ET Saturday  , according to the official . The projectiles ' estimated range is 500 kilometers  about 300 miles  . A U.S. State Department official reacted to Saturday 's launch , telling CNN , "  We call on North Korea to refrain from taking provocative actions and instead fulfill its international obligations and commitments . " This is the second reported launch by North Korea in recent days . On Thursday , U.S. and South Korean government officials reported North Korea had launched three projectiles from its southeastern coast . North Korea has launched missiles several times in the past , often while South Korea is interacting with foreign powers . In early March , missiles were fired into the sea at the start of joint United States-South Korea military exercises . In late March , the same thing happened while the South Korean leadership met with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and U.S. President Barack Obama . North and South Korea have existed in a state of permanent tension since the Korean War ended in 1953 .	U.S. calls on North Korea to stop "  provocative actions " South Korean official : The projectiles "  appear to be short-range missiles " U.S. , South Korean officials reported North Korea launched 3 projectiles Thursday
CNN  -- I come from Palestine . I have lived my entire life under military occupation , and I have no memory of a time without struggle . I have seen my neighbors beaten , blindfolded , and kidnapped . I have seen children snatched from their mothers in the dead of night . I have seen my brother shot and friend murdered . I ca n't tell you how this holy land felt before the armored jeeps ' rumble . I ca n't trace a path from here -- from where the Wall surrounds me -- to the sea . But for as long as I can remember , I could not forget . Forget the checkpoints , the harassment , the detentions . Forget that I am not free . Like all prisoners , my memories are what sustain me . But what I need now are new memories . Happy memories . That 's why I started filming . I wanted to make memories of my son , Gibreel . I wanted to capture his smile , to chronicle his life in close-up . I wanted to crop out the occupation , the violence , the hopelessness . You know the scenes . Maybe you , too , have captured your loved ones ' firsts : the first words , the first steps , the first glimpse of that way he angles his head and grins . Just like his mother . Soraya 's gentle voice is in so many scenes of our son 's early life . But as I continued filming , Gibreel taught me that there are other sounds more urgent in his world . Read more : How a boy 's death brought a West Bank cinema back to life His first words were "  army " and "  wall . " His first steps were in the shadow of groaning bulldozers and screeching cranes . Not the kind children play with . The kind that build the colonies that are stealing our land . Our land is Bil ` in -- "  a little village on a hillside . " That 's how the British described it a century ago , when we had already been there for many more . We are fewer than two thousand people , and we tend the land . We have no factories or office towers . There are no commuter trains or carpool lanes . For centuries , our walk to work has led through biblical fields of olive trees . Read more : Palestinian filmmakers beat the odds to hit silver screen Then the colonists came . They are -- we hear -- English , French , Swiss , American . Some say there are 50,000 or more . They use our precious water to wash their cars and fill their swimming pools . They seem to thirst for pavement , cold steel , and concrete . And when they were n't satisfied with what they had already stolen , they came looking for more . They came looking in Bil ` in . That 's when our families stood up and said , "  No . " We did so peacefully , but persistently , through nonviolent protest against the Wall cutting through our land . Throughout , our only power was our conviction . And that conviction drew others -- English , French , Swiss , American . And Israelis . One of them is my friend Guy Davidi , who helped me make a film . Five cameras and as many years later , I invited the world to see scenes from my son 's first years-because the story of Gibreel 's early life is also the story of Bil ` in 's resistance . The world calls it a documentary . I call it our story , a Palestinian story . In it , a farmer becomes a filmmaker , and a village stands taller than a Wall . Soon , this Palestinian story will contend for an award . It is a very big award , and many people will be watching . If it wins , what would I say ? How does a Palestinian , from a little village on a hillside , address the world ? I close my eyes and imagine the scene . There are a billion people , but I see just one . It is you , Gibreel . You are a man , perhaps my age now , looking back at the 35 years that brought you there . What will you see ? What will your world look like ? And if you had a camera , too , what memories would you make ? As the world listens , Gibreel , I want to say to you : I am from Palestine . I have lived my whole life under military occupation , and I have no memory of a time without struggle . But you , son , you will know better times . Someday , you will make new , happy memories . And that will be the true award . Emad Burnat is co-director of "  5 Broken Cameras " , which is nominated for best documentary at this year 's Academy Awards . His views expressed here are his own and not those of CNN .	Filmmaker Emad Burnat has lived in the West Bank under military occupation all his life He started filming the early years of his son 's life alongside the resistance of his village Now , his documentary "  5 Broken Cameras " is up for best documentary at the Oscars
CNN  -- At least 25 people were killed in what the United Nations called Friday a shocking escalation of violence in Ivory Coast , wracked by an electoral crisis that many fear is sliding toward another civil war . Doctors Without Borders treated 66 people with gunshot wounds and injuries caused by shell explosions in the wake of the attacks , according to a news release from the medical aid group . Women and children were among those injured , the statement said . France , Ivory Coast 's former colonial ruler , condemned Thursday 's "  deliberate massacre of civilians " and called on the U.N. Security Council to adopt sanctions against self-declared President Laurent Gbagbo and his circle , said Foreign Ministry spokesman Bernard Valero . The international community has widely recognized Gbagbo 's challenger , Alassane Ouattara , as the winner of a November election and the legitimate leader of the west African nation . But Gbagbo has refused to cede power , with the stalemate resulting in uncertainty and bloodshed . The United Nations refugee agency reported heavy shelling in the Abobo neighborhood of Abidjan was responsible for the deaths . Many more were injured . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon condemned the shelling and urged the U.N. Security Council to take "  further measures " against those found responsible for the violence . He said the U.N. would "  continue to take the necessary steps to protect the civilian population . " A statement from Amnesty International provided more details about the violence Thursday . Mortar shells fell on a market , the rights group said , describing it as one of the most serious incidents in the city since the current crisis erupted . "  This afternoon , before one o'clock prayers , women were selling their goods in the market ... in Abobo , " an eyewitness told an Amnesty International researcher . "  Everything was quiet when suddenly we heard an awful sound and a shell hit the ground . At least 10 people , mainly women , were killed and others wounded . " Another eyewitness told the group 's researcher that the attacks came just after prayers . "  A woman ... came in with her baby , " according to the news release . "  She was hit by a shell and died in the hospital a few hours afterwards . Her baby was wounded . Another 16 month-year-old baby was killed by the same shell . " Earlier in the week , attacks were reported in other parts of Abidjan , the commercial center of Ivory Coast , said a spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . "  We are shocked at the escalating violence in  Ivory Coast  , particularly in Abidjan , where this week was by far the most violent since the post-election crisis began , " the agency spokesman said at a briefing Friday . A UNHCR monitor reported that 30 shops were burned Thursday and empty bullet shell casings littered the streets . A community radio station was also attacked and set on fire in the neighborhood of Adjame , and sporadic gunfire was heard in several districts of Yopougon , where heavy fighting took place Monday . The intensifying urban warfare has displaced hundreds of thousands of people attempting to flee to safer ground . About 75,000 have crossed borders , most into Liberia , according to the U.S. State Department . But thousands of others are out of their homes within Ivory Coast . Humanitarian agencies have reported hampered aid distribution due to security concerns and harassment . Human Rights Watch has blamed the violence on Gbagbo 's security forces and said their actions give "  every indication of amounting to crimes against humanity . "	NEW : Women and children are among the dead in market attack , says Doctors Without Borders U.N. chief condemns killings , calls for Security Council action At least 25 people were killed Thursday , the U.N. refugee agency says France condemns the violence and calls for sanctions
Washington  CNN  -- A half dozen Supreme Court justices , hundreds of members of the legal profession and other dignitaries attended the annual Red Mass in Washington Sunday to hear a call for them to pay attention to their spiritual health . Chief Justice John Roberts joined associate justices Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas , Stephen Breyer and Samuel Alito for the service at the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle , a beautifully ornate church located a few blocks from the White House . All are Roman Catholic except Breyer , who is Jewish . The current Supreme Court is composed of six Catholics and three Jews . The purpose of the Red Mass -- so named because of the color of the garments worn by clergy -- is to "  invoke God 's blessings on those responsible for the administration of justice as well as on all public officials , " according to the John Carroll Society , a lay Catholic group of prominent lawyers and professionals , which started the Mass in 1953 . The Mass is celebrated traditionally on the Sunday before the first Monday in October , which marks the beginning of the Supreme Court 's annual term . Critics have called the attendance of leading decision-makers , including members of the highest court in the land , inappropriate . They see the services as an unhealthy mix of politics , the law and religion . The Mass is a Catholic service , but power brokers of other faiths are asked to attend the event , which was also open to the public . Sunday 's attendees included Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood and White House Chief of Staff William Daley . Archbishop of Seattle Peter Sartain gave this year 's sermon , which was largely devoid of controversy , telling those in attendance that "  we are not fully alive , even if we follow a balanced , healthy lifestyle ... unless we give ourselves to someone beyond ourselves . " "  In the end , it is in our relationship with the Lord in which we find the spiritual health that reveals and makes possible true balance , true integrity , " Sartain said . However , at one point in the service after the main sermon during what 's called the Prayer of the Faithful , Montgomery County , Maryland , Circuit Court Associate Judge Joseph Quirk made a quick reference to the unborn , reciting a short prayer , "  We pray for the inalienable right to life for every human being . " See some of the important cases the court will consider Archdiocese of Washington spokeswoman Chieko Noguchi Scheve said the prayer readings are determined before the service by the John Carroll Society . Past homilies by individual speakers have lamented the high court 's ruling legalizing abortion and the constitutional separation of church and state , prompting one justice to stop going . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg attended Red Masses in the past , but has said she grew tired of being lectured by Catholic officials . Ginsburg , like Breyer and Associate Justice Elena Kagan , is Jewish . "  I went one year , and I will never go again , because this sermon was outrageously anti-abortion , " Ginsburg said in the book "  Stars of David : Prominent Jews talk About Being Jewish " by author Abigail Pogrebin . "  Even the Scalias - although they 're much of that persuasion - were embarrassed for me . " CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The service is meant to invoke God 's blessings on public officials The Mass is celebrated on the Sunday before Supreme Court 's term opens Critics say it 's inappropriate for justices to attend The tradition began in 1953
Bel Air , Maryland  CNN  -- A man who jumped the White House fence Wednesday night suffers from mental health problems , and has been arrested in a previous security breach there , according to his father . Dominic Adesanya , 23 , of Bel Air , Maryland , barely made it onto the lawn before he was subdued as he fought off two police dogs , the Secret Service said . "  Dog got him , " a Secret Service spokesman said . Adesanya has been charged with two counts of felony assault on a police officer for attacking the K-9 dogs , four counts of resisting and unlawful entry , and one count of making threats , said Brian Leary , a Secret Service spokesman . Authorities said he was unarmed at the time of his arrest . His father , Victor Adesanya , said his son is paranoid and hears voices . Adesanya was arrested near the White House about two months ago and charged with a misdemeanor , his father told CNN affiliate WMAR . "  He had done it before , " the father said . "  He did n't cross the fence . He was at the gate , fussing at the people , wanting to talk to the President to tell the President about his situation . " He said his son has been experiencing a downward mental health spiral after he was prohibited from trying out for a college football team at Stevenson University in Westminster , Maryland . He dropped out of school in November . Doctors have diagnosed him with paranoia and schizophrenia , and have prescribed antidepressants and other drugs . He was fighting the dogs because he thinks "  he 's got to prove he 's this phenomenon athlete , " his father said . "  He does n't understand , you know , his problem is not the President , you know , his problem is in his head , " Adesanya told CNN outside the family home north of Baltimore . " And he do n't want help ... we think he needs to be forced to get the help . " The father said they 've asked the government for help , without any success . "  It 's hard to be in your house and not know if the person you 're living with is trustworthy and to know they 're mentally disturbed like he is , " the father said . Before officers moved in , Adesanya kicked a K-9 unit dog and punched another one . The two dogs -- Hurricane and Jordan -- were treated by a vet for minor injuries and cleared for continued duty by the Secret Service on Thursday morning . Elaborate video shows entire security breach at White House Wednesday 's incident is the second time someone has jumped the fence at the White House in the last month . This time , the President was in the residence when the intruder jumped over the fence . In September , a man -- whom police identified as Omar Gonzalez -- scaled a fence armed with a knife and made it into the White House before he was detained . Gonzalez 's indictment has been delayed until he undergoes a full mental competency evaluation . The Secret Service used its Twitter account later Thursday to show pictures of the two dogs involved in the incident ready to return to work . . CNN 's Jim Acosta reported from Washington , with Faith Karimi reporting and writing in Atlanta . CNN 's Eric Bradner , Paul Courson and Justin Peligri also contributed to this report .	NEW : This is the second time he 's been arrested at the White House , father says NEW : Adesanya charged with two counts of felony assault for attacking police dogs It 's the second such incident since last month
CNN  -- He spends most of his time playing golf courses all over the world , but Sergio Garcia 's thoughts are never too far away from what 's happening on a football pitch much closer to home . For the past seven years , Garcia has been president and part-time player at CF Borriol , his hometown club in the province of Castellon on Spain 's east coast . "  It 's good fun and whenever I 'm around I get to practice with them a little bit and play a little bit here and there . This season , I 've played probably five games , so not a lot , but I enjoy it , " Garcia told CNN 's Living Golf show . "  As any good Spaniard will tell you , we love football . Sport in general in Spain has been great for the last 10 years or so , but football has been great with the Euro Cups  wins in 2008 & 2012  and the World Cup  in 2010  . " The 33-year-old is a long-term supporter of Real Madrid , but his domestic allegiances have always been divided between the Bernabeu and Borriol 's more modest 1,000-seater stadium , where his attachment is not only emotional but financial . Garcia 's business involvement with Borriol began in 2003 , explains club vice-president , Pedro Fernandez , when one of his friends persuaded him to help out . Three years later , Garcia was installed as club president of the club , which plays in group six of Spain 's third division and now has more than 150 members . "  We put together a working group headed by Sergio , as president , his brother Victor and other friends . We make all the management decisions as it relates to the team , " said Fernandez . "  Sergio has done a tremendous job in the past seven years to create a football academy for Borriol 's young boys and girls . "  CF Borriol 's goal is to expand the academy and hopefully promote players from the junior teams to the first team . " Spain 's dominance of international football and Barcelona 's European Champions League success in recent years has been attributed to strong grassroots support for the game . Borriol captain Raul Caballero says Garcia 's assistance has been key to the club 's prosperity . "  It is very exciting and refreshing to see Sergio and his team support and work for the team . It is just a group of friends who love football and they have a common goal to see the team succeed , " Caballero said . "  The team would not be here if it was not for Sergio 's involvement , so hopefully he will be around for a long time to support the club and the village . " Garcia made his playing debut for CF Borriol in September 2010 . Swapping golf shoes for football boots is something he does whenever his schedule permits , as it helps him to relax . "  Playing football is not as much pressure because you do n't have that much time to think ... everything is quicker , faster and you are moving all the time , " said Garcia . "  I have always enjoyed being part of a team and sharing things with your teammates . " Garcia will be looking to rejoin his golfing teammates at next year 's Ryder Cup in Gleneagles , Scotland where , if selected , he will make a seventh appearance for Europe in the biennial match against the U.S. For now , Garcia will be reflecting on mixed fortunes in 2013 . The season was largely overshadowed by the public spat with Tiger Woods at the Players Championship in May -- a precursor to some unsavory comments about the world No. 1 during a private dinner at Wentworth later that month for which he subsequently apologized . But at least the Spaniard has ended the season on a high , lifting his first trophy of the year with a win at the Thailand Golf Championship earlier this month -- a result that took Garcia back into the world 's top 10 . As golfers around the world take a break for Christmas , Garcia will be keen to recharge his golfing batteries in the way he knows best -- indulging his other sporting passions . "  I 've always said I could n't just do golf by itself , " he said . "  I would probably get tired of it quickly . I obviously play football , tennis , paddle tennis and I love watching Formula One on TV and obviously watching football too . "  I love my sports and try to keep as busy as I can with them . " Read more : Garcia reflects on ` horrible ' Tiger slur Read more : Crazy golf : Waterfalls , wooden heads , a 50-foot volcano	Golfer Sergio Garcia is president of his hometown football club World No. 10 has helped CF Borriol to nurture young talent with academy Garcia occasionally plays for the Spanish third division team
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir asked Arab leaders meeting in Qatar on Monday to strongly reject an arrest warrant issued against him by the International Criminal Court for war crimes . Omar al-Bashir is the subject of an ICC arrest warrant over allaged war crimes in Darfur . Al-Bashir landed in Qatar on Sunday and met with Qatar 's emir , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani . On Monday , he expressed his gratitude to the Arab League Summit . "  We appreciate your support for Sudan in many areas , " al-Bashir said . "  This support will , God willing , lead to issuing clear and unequivocal decisions -- rejecting the decision -LSB- the ICC arrest warrant -RSB- . " U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon also attended the meeting but avoided any confrontation with al-Bashir . The U.N. leader focused instead on efforts to have humanitarian aid workers allowed back into Sudan . Sudan expelled 13 international aid agencies from the Darfur region after the ICC issued the arrest warrant . The March 4 arrest warrant is the first issued for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal , based at The Hague in the Netherlands . But the ICC has no arrest powers and depends on its 106 member states to take suspects into custody . Qatar , site of the summit , is not a member of the tribunal . Sudan refuses to recognize the legitimacy of the ICC , and has made no efforts to hand over two other officials indicted by the court . Al-Bashir has called the charges an attempt by Western powers to recolonize Sudan . The International Criminal Court accuses al-Bashir of complicity in war crimes and crimes against humanity in his government 's campaign against rebels in Darfur , in western Sudan . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes because of the conflict . Qatar had been mediating talks between Sudanese officials and representatives of one of the rebel factions , who signed a confidence-building agreement in February . At the State Department , deputy spokesman Gordon Duguid said leaders at the summit should deal with the situation in Darfur . "  We would hope that while -LSB- al-Bashir -RSB- is in Doha that the Arab League would focus on the immediate and urgent needs of the people on the ground in Sudan and address the humanitarian situation in Darfur and meet the priorities of the comprehensive peace agreement , " he said . "  The discussions should be on how to stop the violence and support the people . "  The presence of Bashir at this conference should be used as an opportunity to bring forth the international concern to what is happening in Darfur and southern Sudan . " In another development , Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi walked out of the summit after a dispute over whether he would be allowed to talk . "  I am an international leader , " Gadhafi said before leaving . "  The dean of Arab rulers . The king of kings in Africa . The imam to Muslims . My international position does not allow me to be reduced . Thank you . " State Department spokesman Duguid declined to comment . CNN 's Stan Grant contributed to this report .	Sudanese president asks Arab League Summit to reject arrest warrant against him Omar al-Bashir is charged with war crimes by the International Criminal Court Al-Bashir accused of crimes against humanity in his campaign against Darfur rebels U.N. secretary general attends summit , but avoids any confrontation with al-Bashir
CNN  -- "  I met him  Lance Armstrong  once at a party , " Charlie Sheen told Piers Morgan , "  and I 'm assuming he was in a bad mood , because he was n't the friendliest guy in the world . " The Hollywood veteran spoke candidly to the CNN host about Lance Armstrong , Lindsay Lohan , battles with "  Two and a Half Men " executive producer Chuck Lorre , fatherhood , becoming a grandfather , toning down his bad boy ways , and more . "  He was rude to you ? " asked Morgan . "  Yes . I 'm sure people have said that about me from time to time ; not too often , though , because I 'm pretty approachable . " Sheen recalled that the encounter occurred about five or six years ago . "  I said , ` Mr. Armstrong , I 'm sorry to bother you . ' I think he was talking to Sheryl Crow . And I said ` I 'm Charlie Sheen . I just want to shake your hand . ' And he said ` That 's nice . ' " Morgan asked Sheen what he thought about Armstrong 's doping admission , and Sheen opened up about his own struggles with drug use and public image . "  The reason I 've been forgiven for a lot of my stuff , " said Sheen , "  is because there 's always been a feeling of honesty and the guy that at least was trying to do the right thing . " Decades ago , Sheen admitted that he took steroids back in 1988 when he was working on the film "  Major League . " "  They worked . And I stopped , " said Sheen , who noted the steroids ' adverse affects . "  It made me crazy . It made me insane and angry and picking fights in bars , you know . So I get it . But it also gave me , in the final couple of weeks of the shooting , the energy I needed to keep going . " Sheen did say that steroids did not allow him to hit a baseball any better . "  It may give you extra legs deep in the season , but you still have to have that God-given ability to hit the ball , " he said . A self-professed "  baseball player at heart , " Sheen admitted to Morgan that his dream career would be to play for the Cincinnati Reds . "  I do n't know that I had the skills to play professionally , " admitted Sheen . "  I probably would have been riding a bus in Duluth until I was like 35 . " Sheen has not spoken to Chuck Lorre since he was very publicly fired by the "  Two and a Half Men " executive producer . "  I think we were in the same hotel lobby one night and missed each other by about 10 minutes , " said the actor . "  What would you have said if you had bumped into him ? " asked Morgan . "  I 'd have walked right up to him and said ` Hey man , good luck with everything . Sorry about that and see you on campus . ' " Sheen replied . ` Anger Management ' gets 90-episode renewal However , Sheen noted that "  the fantasy is walking up and dropping him , but that 's not who I am . It 's not who I am . You know , I 'm not a violent guy . " "  Do you harbor resentment toward him ? " asked Morgan . "  I just wish that he would acknowledge , at some point , that he had a hand in it . He did put out a statement . The timing was perfect for him , actually , because nothing is organic . It 's always a little bit manufactured . " Sheen also admitted that there are "  parts " of Lorre that he misses . "  When I look back at the pilot of ` Two and a Half , ' it was an absolute gem . And I almost agreed to do that show based on his enthusiasm and his track record without seeing a script . And what I said to him , ` What are you going to call it ? ' And when he said , "  Two and a Half Men , " I knew it was a hit . " Sheen 's opinion on the show , post his own departure , has changed . "  They downloaded their anchor , " he said . "  They cut off their anchor and they went adrift . And I think you do n't realize how important your anchor is until you do n't have it , you know . " Morgan asked Sheen to elaborate on how he feels about his "  Two and a Half Men " replacement , Ashton Kutcher . "  He 's a terrific young man and he 's doing a great job with what they 've given him ... he should be really grateful ... " Sheen did laud his former co-star Jon Cryer 's comedic skills , however , calling the Emmy winning actor "  a genius . " Sheen also set the record straight on the $ 100,000 he gave to Lindsay Lohan . The pair were set to work together on "  Scary Movie 5 " and , according to Sheen , producers gave Lohan $ 100,000 less than what he thought she was going to be paid , so the actor simply made up the difference . "  And was she grateful ? " asked Morgan . "  Eventually , yes , absolutely . She was . Yes ... It was n't like right off the bat , though . " Morgan noted that Lohan similarly underwent a pattern of drug and alcohol abuse not unlike Sheen 's . "  Can you actually , even you , give somebody like that advice ? " asked Morgan . "  Or is it , in the end , the look in the mirror and work it out for yourself ? " "  If she 'd asked me questions about some of my own stuff , " said Sheen , "  I would have gladly given her advice but she did n't . And I found that interesting . Maybe she did n't want to bother me or did n't want to pry . " Sheen expanded on the demons associated with fame , drugs and excess . "  It 's a similar garment that we 're all wearing , yes , " he said . "  I think fame has a lot to do with it and I think excess has a lot to do with it ... not so much excess but access -- access to anything with a phone call at any point , day or night , it does n't matter ... It can become a nightmare ... At first ... it 's radical and it 's everything that you thought it was going to be ... and then it 's not . And that turns on a dime . And suddenly there 's an emptiness . " Sheen , 47 , who has largely toned down his hard-partying ways , will become a grandfather this year . His 28-year-old daughter from a previous relationship is due to give birth in September . "  I knew it was going to happen eventually , " said Sheen , " ... but I did n't know it would be this soon and it 's none of my business when she chose to do that , you know . So I 've just got to be along for the ride and celebrating and just cheering her along and giving her whatever she needs . " Sheen had four other children : Two girls with ex-wife Denise Richards and twin boys with ex-wife Brooke Mueller . "  I put everybody in my neighborhood , which is my ultimate master plan , " said Sheen . "  I put Denise and the girls in one house , Brooke and the boys in the other , and we 're all behind the same gate . " Sheen said his ex-wives get along great and babysit one another 's children . "  It is pretty civilized , " he said . "  We just keep everybody paid and they 'll be happy . " Morgan asked Sheen what bit of advice he would pass along to his two sons . "  Lead with the truth , " said Sheen . "  That 's what I 've always done . That 's what my dad told me . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Charlie Sheen : "  When I look back at the pilot of ` Two and a Half , ' it was an absolute gem " On ` Men ' today : "  I think you do n't realize how important your anchor is until you do n't have it " Fame and excess "  everything that you thought it was going to be " followed by "  emptiness "
CNN  -- In some ways , a catastrophe of this magnitude could not have happened in a worse place . Or at a worse time of year . We 're hearing a lot about the economic dislocation of thousands of Gulf fishers and their families -- and rightly so . But the oil disaster is a much larger calamity than the Gulf itself . It 's not just a regional disaster . It has hemispheric implications . The Gulf is a large region , but its natural importance is even more outsized , disproportionate to its area . The Gulf is the hourglass pinch-point for millions of migrating creatures that funnel into , breed in , migrate through and then fan out of it to populate an enormous area of the continents and coasts . Anything that affects living things inside the Gulf affects living things far outside it . Certain animals that normally inhabit the open Atlantic travel to the Gulf to breed . Two such species , both endangered , breed nowhere else . The world 's most endangered sea turtle , the Kemp 's ridley turtle , ranges throughout the west Atlantic as far north as New England . But it breeds only in the Gulf . Many are now heading there to lay their eggs on remote beaches . Turtles are showing up on beaches debilitated by oil . Oil kills sea turtles by both ingestion and direct toxicity , and by stressing and suppressing their immune systems . Adults are vulnerable , but hatchlings will have an even harder time . Atlantic bluefin tuna -- the most high-priced ocean fish in the world -- have declined by about 90 percent since the 1960s due to overfishing . Their west Atlantic population ranges the East Coast of the U.S. and Canada and far out to sea , but the Gulf of Mexico is the giant fish 's only known breeding area . Spring is their breeding season . According to a web tool that puts the slick over your home region , the vast area of surface oil is now bigger than Massachusetts , Connecticut and Long Island combined . It overlaps the tracked movements of breeding bluefin tuna . Consequently , their eggs and larvae are presumably being bathed in a toxic soup of oil and dispersant . Dispersant , which is toxic by itself , also makes the petroleum more toxic . Instead of remaining concentrated at the surface , dispersed oil pollutes the entire water column . Instead of evaporating , the toxic components remain in the water . And because it 's dissolved , it passes more easily across gills and into digestive systems . Planktonic animals become disoriented or die . Meanwhile , of course , mats of oil are washing ashore . No amount of boom will protect waterbirds like pelicans , gulls and terns , because diving into the water for fish is how they eat . In the Gulf in May , with the oil gushing , were loons , gannets , various kinds of herons and terns . Also there were black skimmers that had spent the winter there but would soon leave to migrate north and , depending on species , breed all along the coast from the southern states to as far north as the Maritimes , and lakes across much of Canada . Some of the longest-distance migrants on Earth are various sandpipers , plovers and other shorebirds , many of which winter as far south as Patagonia and breed as far north as the high arctic . Perhaps a million cross the Gulf in May , and when they reach the U.S. coastline , they must stop to rest and feed . Problems with habitat and food supply have reduced many of their populations 50 to 80 percent in the past 20 years . And now this . When oil was just starting to smudge some of the birds on beaches now thick with it , I saw sanderlings , ruddy turnstones , black-bellied plovers and other such northbound birds . Even among those that do not get heavily oiled , many will not make it . The birds ' energy budgets operate on thin margins of food intake against exhaustive expenditure in long-distance flight . They will not bear the additional cost of feathers sticking and functioning inefficiently , and many such birds will drop out on their way north . Migrating peregrine falcons traveling north from South American wintering areas , destined for nesting areas as far as Greenland , are also crossing the Gulf 's marshes . Preferentially picking off birds whose flight seems compromised , falcons will be getting disproportional doses of oil . All these birds can live decades and take years to mature , so adult birds killed by oil this year will mean populations reduced for years to come . This is a calamity not just in space but in time as well . Some animals may be rescued . Less possible to cleanse is the anguish on the faces and in the hearts of fishing families . Oil companies can drill , and they can buy votes in Congress , but apparently they ca n't do much else . Now that the reckoning is here , it becomes a little easier to see that we fool ourselves with the apparent cheapness of subsidized oil and that a healthy environment is priceless beyond reckoning . Why do we fail to know this always , in our bones ? The Gulf is not a thing unto itself . Neither is the oil eruption . We are all Gulf victims now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	Gulf is huge area that is crucial for migrating species , says Carl Safina Because many breed in or travel through Gulf , impact of oil spill will be spread out , he says Safina : Endangered species such as Kemp 's ridley turtle breed only in Gulf He says , "  a healthy environment is priceless beyond reckoning "
Camp Pendleton , California  CNN  -- A U.S. military judge sentenced a Marine squad leader charged with alleged war crimes in Iraq to a maximum of 90 days in prison and a reduction in pay and rank . But because of a plea deal with prosecutors , Staff Sgt. Frank G. Wuterich wo n't serve any time in the brig. The military judge was obligated to abide by the plea arrangement between prosecutors and the defense . In the end , Wuterich 's sentence amounts to a reduction in rank -- to private -- and a pay cut . A final adjudication will be made by Lt. Gen. Thomas Waldhauser , commander of Marine Corps Forces Central Command , but he can not increase Tuesday 's sentence , a Marine spokesman said . The commander can reduce it , though , the spokesman said . Meanwhile , Iraqi officials condemned the plea deal for Wuterich , who was facing several manslaughter and other charges . Also , a military law expert said the U.S. military needs to justify the ruling . The trial of Wuterich , who pleaded guilty to one count of negligent dereliction of duty , ends a six-year investigation into one of the Iraq war 's worst attacks on civilians by U.S. troops . Twenty-four Iraqis died . In the sentencing , the military judge , Lt. Col. David Jones , cited how Wuterich ordered his troops to "  shoot first , ask questions later . " Wuterich , a divorced father of three young daughters , was the last of eight Marines charged . Charges were dropped against six of the other Marines charged in the case , and one was acquitted . One U.S. congressman compared the Haditha killings to the 1968 Vietnam massacre at My Lai . Wuterich , 31 , of Meriden , Connecticut , originally faced 152 years in prison on nine counts of involuntary manslaughter , two counts of assault with a dangerous weapon and three counts of dereliction of duty in the November 19 , 2005 , killings -- charges he has vehemently denied . In exchange for his guilty plea , the most serious charges of manslaughter and assault charges were dropped . Facing the judge in a Marine base courtroom Tuesday , Wuterich , dressed in uniform , expressed no emotion . In the sentencing hearing , prosecutors asked for the maximum sentence . "  Today , Staff Sgt. Wuterich stands vindicated by the very same system that has held him captive for over six years , " said Wuterich attorney Neal Puckett in a statement . "  We believe justice prevailed for Staff Sgt. Wuterich , and in turn , he wishes it was within his power to impart that same measure of justice to the families of the victims of Haditha , " Puckett said in the statement . Earlier in the day , Wuterich told the judge that he was not a "  monster " or "  cold-blooded baby killer . " "  For six years , I have had to accept that my name will always be associated with a massacre , being a cold-blooded baby killer , an ` out of control ' monster , and a conspiring liar , " Wuterich told the court . "  There 's nothing I can do about whoever believes these things . " "  I never fired my weapon at any women or children that day " in 2005 , Wuterich said . "  When I told my team to shoot first and ask questions later , the intent was n't that they would shoot civilians , it was that they would not hesitate in the face of the enemy , " he said . Wuterich 's case signals the end of a handful of alleged war crimes cases that came to light during the height of the war in Iraq . Wuterich pleaded guilty Monday to one count of negligent dereliction of duty , a charge that could have brought a brig confinement of up to three months , two-thirds forfeiture of pay for three months and reduction in rank to private , authorities said . "  Words can not express my sorrow for the loss of your loved ones , " Wuterich said to the families in his statement . Wuterich said he was "  absolutely devastated " when his commanders were relieved of duty "  because of my words or actions . " He said he 's been unable to advance his military career or pursue "  a secure life for my family outside of the military . " "  Many of the Marines who were there that day , along with everyone who has stood by me and supported me , may be disappointed that I pled guilty . It might suggest that I believe we behaved badly or dishonorably . The truth is , I do n't believe anyone in my squad , nor any member of of Kilo Co , 3/1 / behaved in any way that was dishonorable or contrary to the highest ideals that we all live by as Marines , " Wuterich said . "  Regardless of the outcome , I am here to take responsibility for my actions , and to accept the consequences , " Wuterich said . Wuterich 's plea came nearly two weeks into his court-martial at Camp Pendleton near San Diego . The killings enraged Iraqis , put a spotlight on the conduct of the U.S. military and saw a congressman compare it to Vietnam 's My Lai massacre . The fallout from the incidents continued more than six years later , with reports that Iraqi-U.S. negotiations to extend a withdrawal deadline broke down over Iraq 's refusal to grant American troops immunity from prosecution in Iraq . On Tuesday , Iraqi officials excoriated the plea deal in the court-martial . Khalid Salman , head of the Haditha local council , told CNN that "  we have been following this case since 2006 and we were hoping that those soldiers , who killed 24 innocent people , will receive fair punishment . "  But now we are convinced that the judicial system in America is unjust , " Salman said . "  This is not the end , and we will continue pursuing those soldiers legally through the international courts . " Taleb al-Essawi , the political adviser to the governor of the Anbar province , told CNN that the local government is very disappointed with the court-martial decision . "  Big disappointment , " al-Essawi said . "  I ca n't believe that the court decided to drop all the charges except one charge , which is negligent dereliction of duty . This is a joke because according to the Iraqi law , all those soldiers should be executed , " al-Essawi said . "  We demand from the American administration to reconsider the court decision , " al-Essawi told CNN . The U.S. government should compensate the families of the victims , he added . Mahmoud Othman , a Kurdish lawmaker , said the Marines "  committed mass killings in Haditha " and the plea arrangement was "  unjust . " "  We ask the human rights organizations and  nongovernmental organizations  in America and all over the world to strongly condemn this verdict . Iraqi blood is n't so cheap , " Othman said in his Facebook posting . A U.S. military law expert said a public explanation was needed . "  The trial counsel and convening authority has a duty to explain this pretrial agreement in order to safeguard public confidence in the administration of justice , " said Eugene R. Fidell , senior research scholar and a visiting lecturer at Yale Law School . "  The way our military justice system works , " Fidell told CNN , "  is that the convening authority , a commander of the unit , makes the central decision . "  It 's a command-centric system that we inherited from  King  George III . Pretrial agreements are contracts between the accused and the convening authority . "  The prosecution and staff judge advocate play an advisory role . At the end of the day , it 's the commander 's decision to accept or reject a proposed pretrial agreement , " Fidell said . About the investigation into the Haditha massacre , Fidell said : "  It does seem that a set of cases that began with some pretty terrible allegations has basically fizzled . The public ought to have confidence in the administration of justice . " Fidell said he was concerned about the overall trend of justice emerging out of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars . "  For some time , I 've wondered whether the system was producing the kind of results it should have . What has struck me is that it has been difficult for the government to get convictions in a number of cases , and where it has gotten convictions , whether it has gotten significant penalties , " Fidell said . In court Tuesday , Wuterich 's attorney , Puckett , told the judge that "  Wuterich has been exonerated , his integrity is unfaltering . " "  He knows his Marine career has come to an end , but his only intention was to protect his troops , " Puckett said . According to previous testimony and court records , Wuterich , who was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , was the squad leader on November 19 , 2005 , when members of his patrol unit were moving a supply convoy moving through Haditha , an insurgent stronghold where armed resistance fighters hid along civilian populations . An improvised explosive device exploded under a vehicle , killing Lance Cpl. Miguel Terrazas , 20 , and injuring two other Marines . During the more than two-week trial , prosecutors argued Wuterich lost control after seeing the body of his friend blown apart by the bomb and led his men on a angry rage ordering his squad to "  shoot first and ask questions later . " Wuterich 's team stormed two nearby homes , blasting their way in with grenades and M-16 rifle fire . Among the dead was an elderly man in a wheelchair . When the 45-minute incident was over , 24 men , women and children were killed . Wuterich was accused of ordering his men to storm the homes , part of what his attorney has said was a search for those believed responsible for planting the bomb , and later shooting at the men . The prosecution contends the Marines were out for revenge . The case did n't come to light until January 2006 when Time magazine broke the story . Two months later , the military launched an investigation . The incident provoked the condemnation of Rep. John Murtha , D-Pennsylvania , who compared it to the 1968 massacre at My Lai , and President George W. Bush vowed then that if an investigation found Marines killed unarmed civilians , "  there will be a punishment . " The case has been delayed a number of times , most notably over a government subpoena for outtakes of a 2008 interview Wuterich gave to CBS ' "  60 Minutes . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq in Baghdad and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report . Stan Wilson reported from Camp Pendleton and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles .	Staff Sgt. Frank Wuterich sentenced to 90 days , but a plea deal negates that Overall charges in Haditha massacre investigation have "  fizzled , " expert says Iraqi officials are angry over court-martial 's plea deal "  Iraqi blood is n't so cheap , " one Iraqi lawmaker says
CNN  -- Days after launching a manhunt along highways and online for the so-called East Coast Rapist , Connecticut police on Friday took into custody a man they claim is behind sexual assaults on at least 17 women in four states . The U.S. Marshal 's Fugitive Task Force arrested Aaron Thomas , 39 , without incident at his home in New Haven , according to a press release from that city 's police department . There was no indication that he had been charged , though the statement did say he "  has been identified as the East Coast Rapist . " Early this week , six local law enforcement agencies , the FBI and the Department of Justice launched a joint website -- using the domain EastCoastRapist.com -- to solicit information from the public about a man they called a "  brazen , cold-blooded rapist . " The website alleges that DNA evidence links a man to four attacks in Prince George 's County , Maryland  between 1997 and 2001  ; Fairfax County , Virginia  between 1999 and 2001  ; Leesburg , Virginia  in 2001  ; Cranston , Rhode Island  in 2006  ; New Haven  in 2007  ; and Prince William County , Virginia  in 2009  . It has police sketches of the suspect , from the various locales . First Sgt. Kim Chinn , a spokeswoman for the Prince William County Police Department , told CNN affiliate WJLA that collective work of a recently formed multi-agency task force and "  an anonymous tip in the past few days " helped spur the investigation this week . "  As soon as he was identified , things did happen quickly , " said Chinn . "  We are all breathing a sigh of relief . " CNN 's Anna Gonzalez contributed to this report .	U.S. Marshals arrest Aaron Thomas , 39 , without incident at his home in New Haven Connecticut police say Thomas "  has been identified as the East Coast Rapist " Several agencies claim the DNA links a man to 17 rapes in 4 states A Virginia police spokesman says , "  We are all breathing a sigh of relief "
CNN  North Korea lashed out at the United States on Sunday , calling a new set of recently levied economic sanctions repugnant and hostile . "  The policy persistently pursued by the U.S. to stifle  North Korea  , groundlessly stirring up bad blood towards it would only harden its will and resolution , " a statement attributed to North Korea 's Foreign Ministry said . On Friday , the United States hit North Korea with the new sanctions after the FBI said North Korea was behind last month 's computer hack at Sony . The White House said a new executive order targets leaders in North Korea 's government , preventing them from accessing property and entering the United States . The isolated nuclear regime , which has denied involvement in the Sony hack , was already subject to a strict set of U.S. economic restrictions . The FBI has maintained North Korea was behind the broad computer breach at Sony , though some technology experts say others could be involved -- such as former employees of the studio . On Friday , officials said the new set of sanctions was further indication of their confidence in North Korea 's culpability , and said that private tech firms are n't privy to the intelligence proving Pyongyang 's guilt . Obama signed the executive order putting the new sanctions in place on the second-to-last day of his winter vacation in Hawaii . Before his vacation began in mid-December Obama said North Korea was responsible for the attack and the United States was preparing a response . The White House said Friday 's announcement reflected the beginning of that response . RELATED : Obama says North Korea 's hack not war , but ` cybervandalism ' "  The order is not targeted at the people of North Korea , but rather is aimed at the government of North Korea and its activities that threaten the United States and others , " Obama wrote in a letter to House Speaker John Boehner . The country poses a "  continuing threat to the national security , foreign policy and economy of the United States , " Obama wrote . Among the agencies targeted by the new sanctions Friday was the Reconnaissance General Bureau , an intelligence agency the United States said was responsible for "  major cyberoperations " in North Korea . The new sanctions also target officials at North Korea 's Mining Development Trading Corporation , which the United States says is responsible for the country 's arms dealing and weapons export business . Seven officials who represent North Korea 's arms dealing trade in Africa , Iran , Russia and Syria were designated by the U.S. Treasury as subject to the new economic sanctions . U.S. administration officials said the individuals targeted by Friday 's sanctions are not thought to be responsible for the Sony hack . But in exposing their names and positions as North Korean arms dealers , the United States hopes to stymie their business prospects . U.S. officials said they did n't know whether the 10 North Korean officials listed by the Treasury Department held any assets in U.S. institutions . Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said the sanctions were meant to "  isolate key North Korean entities and disrupt the activities of close to a dozen critical North Korean operatives . " "  We will continue to use this broad and powerful tool to expose the activities of North Korean government officials and entities , " Lew said . RELATED : North Korea lambasts U.S. over ` The Interview , ' says Obama is the ` culprit ' Speaking to CNN late last month , Obama said the United States would respond to the Sony hacking "  proportionately , " without specifying what actions his government might take to punish Kim Jong Un 's government . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said on Friday , "  Today 's actions are the first aspect of our response . " That seemed to indicate the widespread Internet outages reported in North Korea last month were not a retaliatory response to the Sony hack , though administration officials would not confirm the blackout came at the hands of the United States . "  There are many possible explanations for  North Korea 's  Internet outage , including the possibility that they had ended up doing it to themselves , " one U.S. official said . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report . Note : An earlier version of this story included a tweet from what was actually a parody account . CNN regrets the error .	The U.S. announces new sanctions against North Korea The sanctions come after a cyberattack against Sony , attributed to North Korea Seven officials who represent North Korea 's arms dealing trade are targeted in the sanctions
Uruguayan senators voted overwhelmingly in favor of a same-sex marriage measure Tuesday -- a key step that puts the South American nation on the path to becoming the 12th country to approve such a law . Senators approved the marriage equality bill 23-8 . Next week , lawmakers in the lower house , which approved a different version of the legislation late last year , are expected to vote on the senate 's version . If approved and signed by President Jose Mujica , who has indicated he supports the measure , the proposal would make Uruguay the second country in Latin America to legalize same-sex marriage . Neighboring Argentina legalized such marriages in 2010 . It 's an issue that 's sparked debate and impassioned demonstrations from supporters and opponents in many countries . Legislators in France and the United Kingdom are among lawmakers worldwide weighing proposals to legalize same-sex marriage . In the United States , the question of same-sex marriage went before the Supreme Court last week , and justices are now deliberating over the matter . The first same-sex couples walked down the aisle in the Netherlands in 2001 . Since then , almost a dozen countries have passed laws allowing same-sex marriages and domestic partnerships , including Canada , South Africa , Belgium and Spain . In Argentina , the push to legalize same-sex marriage met with fierce opposition from the Roman Catholic Church , with Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio -- then the archbishop of Buenos Aires and now the pope -- engaging in a notorious war of words with the government over the issue . In Uruguay , the church has taken a similar tack , with officials describing the measure as a harsh blow to the institutions of marriage and the family . "  Why make relative or devalue an institution that is already so injured , like the family , introducing deep modifications that are going to confuse more than clarify ? " the Rev. Pablo Galimberti , bishop of Salto , wrote in a recent post on the website of the Uruguayan Bishops Council . Uruguay 's Broad Front , a coalition of left-wing political parties , backs the measure . On Tuesday , the group 's president stressed that the proposed law change a civil institution and has nothing to do with the church . "  Here we are speaking about RIGHTS , with capital letters . Rights that were denied and repressed for a long time , and which a society that is trying to be modern and inclusive necessarily must recognize , to advance in equality , " wrote Sen. Monica Xavier . "  Rights that are inherent to people , that are not a legislative creation , but something that the law must recognize . " For years , it was rare to see gay rights issues gaining traction in Latin American countries . Not anymore , Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College in Massachusetts , told CNN in 2010 . "  Latin America currently has some of the most gay-friendly cities in the developing world , " said Corrales , who ranked cities ' gay-friendliness in a book he co-edited , "  The Politics of Sexuality in Latin America . " In 2009 , Uruguay was the first Latin American country to allow same-sex couples to adopt children . It was also one the first Latin American countries to allow same-sex civil unions . The measure approved by Uruguayan senators Tuesday removes the words "  man " and "  woman " from the country 's civil code and replaces them with the word "  spouse , " CNN affiliate Teledoce reported .	Measure must be voted on by the lower house , signed by Uruguay 's president Catholic Church has fiercely opposed the proposal Left-wing lawmakers say it 's a matter of recognizing inherent human rights If approved , Uruguay will become the second Latin American country to legalize same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Life after "  The O.C. " has been rocky , to say the least , for Mischa Barton . The 27-year-old actress was one of the hottest TV stars out about a decade ago , but since her reign as "  The O.C. 's " Marissa Cooper , Barton has had a "  full-on breakdown , " she tells People magazine in its new issue . The actress recounted how , in July 2009 , her parents and agents confronted her with their concern that she was working too hard and partying even harder . During the intervention , Barton blacked out and was sent to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles . Along the way , she threatened to kill herself , which prompted her being sent to a psychiatric ward for four days . "  It was a full-on breakdown , " Barton said . "  It was terrifying . Straight out of ` Girl , Interrupted . ' Story of my life . " The actress said she was never actually suicidal , just "  overworked and depressed . But one slip of the tongue in a heightened moment , and you find yourself in that situation . " Yet that situation also allowed her to gain some clarity about her life , she told the magazine . "  I was deeply hurt at first , " Barton recalled , "  and then I accepted this was time I needed to be away from work , my family and all the pressure . I had been through the wringer . " The star also opened up about coping with the public 's scrutiny of her weight : "  It was always , ` She 's too skinny , she must be sick . ' Then it was , ` She 's too big . ' I was never the right weight . " Born in London , Barton landed the role of Cooper on the Fox prime-time soap when she was 16 . It seemed that overnight , she and her parents , who also hail from the United Kingdom , were thrown into "  this situation that was completely foreign , " she said . "  Nothing could prepare  my parents  to have their children jump into the overtly sexualized and crazy world of L.A. ... It was a train I could not get off of . When you 're young , you can do it , but after a while , it 's going to come crashing down on you . " But Barton did eventually exit that fast life , and she headed to Paris to recuperate . "  I needed to be on my own and get healthy , " Barton said . "  I just try to be balanced . ... I needed to take this time for me . ... I 've learned a lot . I 'm stronger now , and I 'm excited for what 's ahead . "	Mischa Barton says she had a "  full-on breakdown " after "  The O.C. " The actress , now 27 , described her low point recently to People magazine Barton has since recovered after spending time in Paris , she says Now , Barton says , she is stronger and focused on being more balanced
SHAOSHAN , China  CNN  -- "  Mao is very great and famous , and he saved the whole of China , " exclaims an 18-year-old woman from Wuhan in Hubei province . "  Both young people and old people love Mao very much ! " Mao was born in his family house in 1893 . The rooms are preserved with original furnishings . The woman is accompanying her 75-year-old grandfather to Mao Zedong 's birth town of Shaoshan in Hunan province , about 100 kilometers  62 miles  from the capital Changsha -- and the juxtaposition is as intriguing as it is telling : A woman born after the Tiananmen Square crackdown and a grandfather born during the Long March , joined in a pilgrimage to celebrate the founder of the 60-year-old Chinese republic . "  Great Leader , " "  Great Teacher , " "  Great Helmsman " -- the monikers for Mao may be numerous , but he alone still serves as the Chinese Communist Party 's premier brand , and anyone who visits Shaoshan can still see the power of his personality cult . The village consists of numerous Mao landmarks , and it 's his house where the huge numbers of tour buses usually converge first . Born here in 1893 , Mao first lived in a large thatched-roof abode surrounded by pretty gardens and a small lake . Visitors tightly snake through the impeccably preserved rooms , marveling at the kitchen utensils and original beds that Mao and his family slept in . Take an audiovisual tour of Mao 's hometown " There are detailed plaques throughout , outlining the family 's early years and brief descriptions of his two brothers -- both of whom were killed in warfare . Nearby is the Museum of Comrade Mao , which displays exhibits and old Communist Party photos . While visitors get a sense of the republic 's history , there are glaring omissions . While Mao the heroic revolutionary is celebrated at every step , there 's nothing on either the Great Leap Forward or the Cultural Revolution -- campaigns that cost the lives of tens of millions and caused massive social and political upheaval .  See Fact Boxes , left  . "  Yes , Mao made some mistakes , " one tourist says as he studies a photo of famous revolutionary Liu Shaoqi , himself a victim of the Cultural Revolution . "  But it was for the common good . Without mistakes , how does one learn ? " Watch visitors express their thoughts about Mao " About 500 meters up from Mao 's house , a large bronze statue of the former leader towers over a massive square , where admirers energetically bow and pay their respects . After their backs can take no more , it 's back on to the bus for the last major tour stop , Dripping Water Cave . Watch the statue and other stops along a tour of the town " Mao lived in this comfortable retreat briefly in 1966 , swam in its nearby reservoir and "  revised the political state of the world , " according to one sign posted outside his bedroom . Visitors can view where the aging revolutionary slept , the sofas he sat on during important meetings , as well as his bathrooms . The path that winds back down to the main road is filled with touts , their stalls full of miniature Mao busts , caps , key rings , copies of his obligatory Little Red Book and other paraphernalia . You can even have your photo taken and enhanced digitally with Mao smoking a cigarette , or shaking his hand . A buzz surrounds the stalls ; business is good . Though visits to Shaoshan dropped off in the 1980s following a more subdued government review of Mao 's legacy , tourism is again vibrant . "  Mao is the father of modern China , but he did make some mistakes , " explains a tour guide . "  As the government said after his death , Mao was '70 percent right , 30 percent wrong . ' So fewer visitors came during that period ... but numbers are now back to about 3 million a year . " One of those three million enthusiastically examines the knickknacks that fill the stalls . "  My cousins back home will love this , " beams the 18-year-old woman from Wuhan , as she holds up a T-shirt of Mao staring dotingly over the Chinese masses . "  Everyone loves Mao ! "	Mao Zedong 's birth town of Shaoshan is about 100 km from Changsha Almost 3 million people a year make the pilgrimage to the former leader 's home Landmarks include his family residence and the Museum of Comrade Mao Visitors are in awe of Mao , though his mistakes are rarely mentioned in displays
More than 20 people died after a boat carrying migrants sank near Istanbul on Monday , Turkish officials said . Seven survivors and 24 bodies were pulled from the water , the semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . Twelve children were among 43 people on board the boat , which sank in the far north of the Bosphorus , near the Black Sea , Anadolu reported . Nine people were carrying Afghan passports , Anadolu quoted Turkey 's Transport Minister Lutfi Elvan as saying . "  Search and rescue operations are underway to find unaccounted people , " Elvan said . Report : 40,000 migrant deaths worldwide since 2000 A local fisherman told Anadolu the dead and survivors had been wearing life jackets . The Bosphorus is a strait that runs through the city of Istanbul , dividing Turkey 's Asian and European shores and linking the Sea of Marmara to the Black Sea . Opinion : Why Europe must offer migrants a lifeline , not end rescue operations	Seven survivors and 24 bodies pulled from water , Anadolu news agency reports 12 children were among 43 people on board the boat Nine were carrying Afghan passports , Turkey 's transport minister tells the agency
CNN  -- The wedding of a Boston , Massachusetts , medical student accused of killing a woman he met through Craigslist has been called off , his fiancee 's lawyer said . The wedding of accused "  Craigslist killer " Phillip Markoff and his fiancee , Megan McAllister , has been called off . Megan McAllister , who was accompanied by her mother , met Phillip Markoff for about 25 minutes in a Boston jail earlier this week , her lawyer Robert Honecker told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  It was an emotional conversation on both sides , " Honecker said , adding that McAllister is planning to move back to her home state of New Jersey . "  There is still a love and commitment to that person , and I think that obviously realizing what has now happened , that she has to take steps to do what she has to do on her life , " Honecker told WCVB . She plans to move on , he said . "  There are things that she has to do , and I think the process begins today , " Honecker told WCVB . Honecker told ABC on Thursday that the wedding "  will not occur . " Watch lawyer tell reporters that Megan McAllister is ready to move on " McAllister maintained her fiance 's innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News in early April . In the e-mail , McAllister said police have the wrong man and Markoff "  was set up . " McAllister 's visit was her first since Markoff was arraigned last week on murder charges in the killing of a woman whom authorities say he met through Craigslist , a popular online classifieds service . Markoff , 23 , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , is charged with killing Julissa Brisman on April 14 at a Boston hotel . Police said Brisman , a model from New York , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist . Prosecutors say Brisman was shot three times at close range and suffered blunt head trauma . Markoff is also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery of Trisha Leffler , 29 , at another hotel in Boston . Leffler also met Brisman on Craigslist . Leffler was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express gift cards , according to police reports . Markoff has pleaded not guilty and is being held without bail .	Phillip Markoff , fiancee call off wedding , according to fiancee 's lawyer Lawyer : Fiancee Megan McAllister planning to move to New Jersey Markoff accused of killing Julissa Brisman after police say she met her on Craigslist Markoff also charged in connection with an April 10 robbery
CNN  -- The father of a 6-year-old girl , one of four relatives who police say were killed by another family member on Thanksgiving Day , said it was "  unbelievable " how a tip from a television viewer brought about the arrest of the suspect . "  Before the show even came on , Paul was being surrounded by the people behind me , " Jim Sitton said Tuesday in Jupiter , Florida , standing in front of police officers . Paul M. Merhige is accused of fatally shooting his twin sisters , Sitton 's 6-year-old daughter Makayla -- Merhige 's cousin -- and a 79-year-old aunt at a family home in Jupiter , Florida , on November 26 . One of his sisters was pregnant . Police said Merhige also wounded two other family members during the shooting rampage . A viewer of the television show "  America 's Most Wanted " recognized descriptions of Merhige and his car and called police . Officers responded to the tip late Saturday , surrounding a small motel in the Florida Keys and taking Merhige into custody . Sitton said the tip came in from a promotional announcement before the show aired , not the show itself . The couple at the hotel who called police went outside and lifted a tarp to look at Merhige 's license plate and verify it was the vehicle sought , he said . "  So many people do n't make the call , and they made the call , " Sitton said . "  The monster 's in a cage and now we can get out of protective mode and begin the process of healing . " He said he 's not "  jumping for joy " at the arrest , "  because our daughter 's room is still empty . There 's dresses and shoes in there that will never be worn again . " While the arrest wo n't bring his daughter back , he said , "  this is the first step toward justice . ... If there 's anyone that deserves the death penalty , it would be someone who would go and execute my 6-year-old daughter while she is sleeping in her bed . " Merhige made a first appearance in court on Sunday . He is charged with four counts of premeditated murder and attempted first-degree murder . His next court appearance is February 1 . He is being held without bond at the Palm Beach County jail . "  America 's Most Wanted " host John Walsh told reporters he got involved in the case after his wife called him and told him she had been seeing news reports on it , and pushed him to air information on the suspect , who had been at large since Thanksgiving . "  I really believed that the public would make the difference , " said Walsh , who met with the Sittons on Tuesday , according to the AMW Web site . He said Sitton 's home had been under police protection and Sitton had patrolled his home nights with a shotgun since the incident . Walsh also said Merhige deserves the death penalty . "  He killed four people , including a pregnant woman . He needs to pay . " He cautioned the media to be gentle with the Sittons , saying , "  these are decent , wonderful , good people that are getting ready to go through hell . " Walsh has been involved in assisting crime victims since his 6-year-old son , Adam , was abducted and killed in 1981 . According to its Web site , "  America 's Most Wanted " has helped find more than 1,050 fugitives and bring home more than 50 missing children in its 22 years on the air .	Dad of slain girl , 6 , says arrest of relative is first step towards justice Viewer tip led to arrest of suspect in fatal Thanksgiving shooting Paul Michael Merhige was arrested Saturday at motel in Florida Keys Couple who called police lifted tarp to check license plate on Merhige 's car
CNN  -- Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who is accused of trying to detonate an explosive on an international flight into Michigan on Christmas Day last year , was not radicalized while he was a college student , according to a report released Friday . The study was conducted by a panel set up by the University College London  UCL  , where AbdulMutallab was enrolled in the mechanical engineering department between September 2005 and June 2008 . But , said the school , the review was done by an independent panel . "  The inquiry panel has found no evidence to suggest that Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was radicalised while at UCL , " the report said . "  There is evidence that UCL was , well in advance of the Christmas Day 2009 incident , taking steps to strengthen its student support processes . " The report , however , recommended that the school better monitor invitations to visiting speakers , scrutinize student events , and consider whether there is a need for training staff so they can better deal with students who are cause for concern . A former friend of Abdulmutallab told CNN in December that the Nigerian national became more devout about his Muslim faith while attending the university in London . "  In London he isolated himself from some of his former friends , " Kwesi Brako told CNN . "  He became much more serious about his religion . " Brako , a Christian , was in the same year as AbdulMutallab at the English boarding school they attended in the western African nation of Togo and said they were close friends . In the fall of 2005 , he moved to England at the same time as AbdulMutallab to start university . But the two friends , who attended different schools , lost touch while in London . AbdulMutallab became increasingly involved in the Islamic Society of UCL -- one of Britain 's premier universities -- quickly becoming its vice president and threw all his energies into this new role , Brako said . Brako kept up with AbdulMutallab through mutual friends in the British capital . In June 2006 , AbdulMutallab became president of the UCL Islamic Society , CNN learned . "  He started wearing traditional Muslim robes with trousers rolled up around the ankles , " said Brako , "  Even in the winter he wore sandals . " In Britain , this style of dress is often associated with Muslims espousing a hardline-fundamentalist form of Islam . At high school in Togo , Brako recalls that AbdulMutallab usually wore jeans and a T-shirt . The Nigerian is the fourth president of a London Islamic Society to face terrorist charges in three years . One of them is awaiting retrial , having escaped conviction for involvement in the 2006 liquid bomb plot to blow up airliners bound for the U.S. , a precursor to the Christmas plot . AbdulMutallab is accused of trying to set off a bomb hidden in his underwear aboard a plane from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , on December 25 , 2009 . He faces six federal charges , including attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and willful attempt to destroy an aircraft . He has pleaded not guilty to charges of trying to blow up the Northwest Airlines plane . During a hearing in September , he asked the judge : "  If I want to plead guilty to some counts , basically , how would that go ? " He also said he wanted to represent himself . The next court date in AbdulMutallab 's case is expected later this month .	AbdulMutallab attended University College London between September 2005 and June 2008 A report by the school says it found no evidence that he was radicalized there At school , AbdulMutallab became president of the Islamic Society He is the fourth president of a London Islamic society to face terrorist charges in three years
A noose was hung around the neck of a statue of a famous civil rights figure at the University of Mississippi . Alcohol and racial slurs were hurled at a black student as she walked near the campus . These two recent , racially charged incidents have some wondering if the school affectionately called Ole Miss is still stuck in the old days . Some alumni say the incidents do not reflect the true character of their alma mater . In the meantime , the FBI is getting involved in one of the incidents . Special Agent Daniel McMullen on Friday said the bureau , along with university police , will expand the investigation to determine whether any federal laws were broken in the incident Sunday , when a noose and a flag bearing a Confederate symbol were found placed on the statue of James Meredith . And an attorney for one of the three students sought for questioning in the statue incident said Friday there is video evidence that absolves his client . Ken Coghlan said according to law enforcement officials he spoke with , his client is not shown in a video recording of the incident , which occurred Sunday . "  He did not touch the statue . He was not near the statue . He did n't have any involvement with putting anything on the statue , " Coghlan said . "  I 'm extremely distressed and worried my client is being libeled by the university , " the attorney said . Coghlan said his client has been "  ruled out " by the university and has no plans to talk to university police at this time . A lawyer for another of the three accused declined comment Saturday . Danny Blanton , director of public relations for Ole Miss , said he is not aware of any video of the incident . Seeking arrests In a phone interview , Lee Tyner , the general counsel for Ole Miss , said those behind the act have been identified . "  We believe the three folks we 've identified and provided information to prosecutors about were involved " in the desecration of the statue , he said . The three 19-year-olds , whose identities have not been released by police , are from Georgia and are freshmen at Ole Miss , according to a statement from the university 's chief of police , Calvin Sellers . Sellers said university police "  had gathered enough evidence by late Wednesday to bring charges through the student judicial process against two of the students , and both state and federal authorities were working in close coordination to determine whether criminal charges were applicable , " the statement said . The students were set to appear for questioning with university police Thursday , but never showed up , according to the statement . Racial slurs alleged In another reported incident involving an Ole Miss student , senior Kiesha Reeves reported to police that Monday , someone threw alcohol at her from a moving car while shouting racial slurs . Reeves , who is African-American , said she was still emotionally affected by what happened . Police are investigating the incident , which occurred a few miles off campus at a residential complex that houses mostly Ole Miss students . "  It 's unclear at this time if the incident is related to the incident last Sunday on campus , " Oxford Deputy Police Chief James Owens said . "  This is pretty unusual . This is a college town . This does n't usually happen here . " "  Not surprised " James Meredith became the first black student admitted to Ole Miss in 1962 . And it took a Supreme Court ruling and federal police presence to ensure his admittance . Meredith , 80 , declined to speak about the noose incident . But his wife said she was not surprised that it happened . "  I 'm shocked but not surprised by what happened , " Judy Meredith said . "  I 'm surprised something did n't happen to the statue earlier . " Meredith 's son , John , added , "  Obviously there is a little bit of work left to do in terms of our social fabric . "  My father always has said it 's not a matter of civil rights , it is a matter of citizenship . " Ironically , James Meredith has said he is no fan of the statue , that he disapproves of it on biblical grounds and believes it should be removed from campus . "  It 's a false idol , and it 's an insult not only to God , it 's an insult to me , " he said in an interview with The New York Times . Fraternity to suspend Ole Miss chapter On Friday , the Sigma Phi Epsilon Fraternity said it was "  embarrassed " to learn the three suspects were members of its organization . Not only would it expel the three students , the fraternity said , it was going to indefinitely suspend the whole Ole Miss chapter . "  For this to occur in 2014 is an insult to the legacy of James Meredith , The University of Mississippi community , and the SigEp alumni who fought for racial equality in the late 1950s , " the fraternity said in a statement . Students who spoke with CNN affiliate WMC shared similar sentiments : "  I just feel like whoever did that had to be completely ignorant to the impact that he had on this campus to deface school property and such a monumental statue like that , " sophomore Raven Lyles said . "  I think it 's absolutely terrible what they did , " freshman John Choat said . "  I think they should pay for it . " "  To be honest , we have n't come as far as we think we 've come , " said another student , Bryston Tucker . Tuohy : Isolated "  stupidity " is to blame A few well-known university alums weighed in on the furor . NFL star Michael Oher , who played for the Ole Miss Rebels and was made famous after his story inspired the movie "  The Blind Side , " took to Twitter on Monday to share his feelings . "  Ca n't believe they are still doing stuff like that at Ole Miss , " he tweeted . "  Really a shame !! " Leigh Anne Tuohy , the Ole Miss alumna who adopted Oher after she and her husband took him into their home at the age of 16 , said of the statue 's defacing , "  I tell people all the time , I wish there was a cure for cancer  and  heart disease , but more so stupidity . " However , she said , the university "  has gotten pigeonholed ... as being a racist school , and that is anything but the truth . " "  The truth of the matter is I had a black child at Ole Miss and a white child at Ole Miss , " Tuohy said , "  and it was a wonderful experience . " Shay Hodge , a former Rebels wide receiver and teammate of Oher , said "  every school " has its racists . But Hodge , who also is African-American says he "  always felt welcomed " at Ole Miss. . Racism "  happens in every campus , in every high school , in every community , " Hodge said . "  Because it is not just white people towards blacks , it is blacks towards whites , whites towards Mexicans ... "	FBI to investigate for possible federal violations in Ole Miss statue incident Attorney for one student says his client was not involved A noose and Confederate emblem were found on a statue of James Meredith An Ole Miss student says someone in a car threw alcohol on her and yelled racial slurs
CNN  -- The presidents of Harvard and Yale universities have expressed interest in ROTC programs after Congress voted to repeal the military 's controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that has banned openly gay and lesbian service members . The universities ' statements come five months after Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan , then a Supreme Court nominee , came under criticism by Republican senators who complained that she actively tried to block military recruiters from Harvard Law School when she was dean because of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . Kagan and the White House have strongly defended her actions , saying that while she opposed the military 's policy , Kagan never kept recruiters off the university . Four months after taking the job as Harvard 's dean , in October 2003 , Kagan offered students her thoughts in a campus-wide e-mail , saying that to give recruiters equal access to the campus "  causes me deep distress . I abhor the military 's discriminatory recruitment policy . " She called it "  a profound wrong - a moral injustice of the first order . " In a written statement , Harvard President Drew Faust called the act to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell " a "  historic step . " "  It affirms American ideals of equal opportunity and underscores the importance of the right to military service as a fundamental dimension of citizenship , " Faust said . "  I look forward to pursuing discussions with military officials and others to achieve Harvard 's full and formal recognition of ROTC . I am very pleased that more students will now have the opportunity to serve their country . " Yale University President Richard C. Levin said in a written statement that Yale is "  eager to open discussions about expanding opportunities for students interested in military service " and will discuss the matter with the faculty of the college in the spring semester . "  Meanwhile , I have asked General Counsel Dorothy Robinson , Secretary Linda Lorimer and Yale College Dean Mary Miller to consult with officials in Washington early in the new year to determine the military ¹ s interest in establishing an ROTC unit at Yale , " Levin said . "  We are very hopeful that these discussions will enable us to begin a new chapter in the long history of Yale 's support of the U.S. Armed Services . " President Barack Obama will sign the repeal on Wednesday morning , the White House has said , setting the stage to allow gay people to serve openly in the military . But the changes are n't expected to take effect for at least a few months . The Pentagon has an 87-page implementation plan for the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " Over the next several weeks , military officials need to examine and rewrite a series of policies , regulations and directives related to the current law . Once that potentially lengthy process is complete , Obama , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen will each have to certify that the repeal can move ahead without negatively affecting unit cohesion and military readiness . After the certification , another 60 days will need to pass before the repeal is officially enacted . Even after the repeal , gay and lesbian service members will not have every right and privilege accorded to heterosexual members of the military , largely because of the federal Defense of Marriage Act . A Pentagon study released this month concluded that allowing openly gay or lesbian troops to serve in the military would have little lasting impact on the U.S. armed forces . Opposition to the change was much higher in Army and Marine combat units than in the military as a whole . CNN 's Bill Mears , Barbara Starr , Larry Shaughnessy and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Congress votes to repeal the military 's policy banning openly gay and lesbian members Harvard president : "  It affirms American ideals of equal opportunity " Yale is "  eager " to open talks about expanding opportunities for students interested in military service
Mashable  -- There 's a silly rumor exploding on the Internet this weekend , alleging that Facebook is shutting down on March 15 because CEO Mark Zuckerberg "  wants his old life back , " and desires to "  put an end to all the madness . " We have official confirmation from Facebook Director of Corporate Communications Larry Yu that the rumor is false . We asked him via e-mail if Facebook was shutting down on March 15 , to which he responded , "  The answer is no , so please help us put an end to this silliness . " He added , "  We did n't get the memo about shutting down and there 's lots to do , so we 'll just keep cranking away like always . " Let 's think about this for a minute . Would Facebook decide to shut down the company just a few days after announcing a round of funding , consisting of $ 450 million from Goldman Sachs and $ 50 million from Russian investment firm Digital Sky Technologies , on a valuation of $ 50 billion ? The spurious report was started by a site to which we refuse to link , known for its reports of impending attacks of alien spaceships and false reports of a Michelle Obama pregnancy . The fact that this absurd hoax spread so efficiently makes us wonder : Will people believe anything ? © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Silly rumor on internet says Mark Zuckerberg is shutting down Facebook Rumor not true , Facebook director of corporate communications says "  We 'll just keep cranking away like always , " director says
It 's "  just the tip of the iceberg . " That 's what a congressional committee chairman investigating allegations of delayed care and cooked books at Veterans Affairs health care facilities told CNN . Rep. Jeff Miller , a Florida Republican who heads the House Veterans Affairs panel , on Thursday forecast more serious developments in the national program serving nearly 9 million veterans . "  We 've received some information and some tips that will make what has already come look like kindergarten stuff , " he told CNN 's New Day . The controversy has broadened since CNN first reported six months ago on allegations of alarming shortcomings within the VA medical care system that potentially have had deadly consequences in dozens of cases . Developments taking shape on Thursday included a meeting later in the day between embattled Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki and the No. 2 Democrat in the Senate , Richard Durbin of Illinois . Shinseki , who has come under pressure from some quarters to step down , told reporters after the meeting that he has not offered his resignation to President Barack Obama , who is standing by him . He later issued a statement to the nation 's veterans stressing that the entire matter is the subject of an internal review and an independent investigation . "  The reports of veterans ' negative experiences while seeking VA care are of great personal concern to me " and promised action if "  any allegations under review are substantiated , " he said . "  As we approach our observance of Memorial Day and its special significance to our nation , VA is re-doubling its efforts , with integrity and compassion , to earn your trust , " he added . No shows at meeting The top Republican in Congress weighed in on Thursday with his concerns about allegations of systemic problems at the VA. . "  I have not called for General Shinseki to resign although I have to admit I am getting a little closer , " said House Speaker John Bohener . "  But here is the point : This is n't about one person . This is n't about the secretary . It is about the entire system underneath him . " Also on Thursday , Robert Jesse , the VA deputy undersecretary , met with members of the House Health Care and Wellness Committee , but three senior VA officials asked to meet with Miller 's committee did n't show up . The VA said the committee did n't give it enough notice , an explanation Miller called disingenuous . "  My intent is to go ahead and subpoena them " for a hearing before his committee on May 30 , Miller said . The officials were identified as Dr. Thomas Lynch , an assistant undersecretary for health and clinical operations ; Joan Mooney , an assistant secretary for congressional and legislative affairs , and Michael Huff , a congressional relations officer . Miller has accused the VA of failing to adequately respond to his panel 's May 8 subpoena , which included a request for information about the alleged destruction of a secret waiting list for care at the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care System . In a statement to CNN , the VA said it "  is committed to working with the committee to provide relevant information expeditiously " and that it has "  produced over 3,000 pages of documents to the committee " so far . Separately , Sen. Marco Rubio sought to advance a proposal that would change federal rules to make it easier to fire VA executives . Similar legislation was approved by the House on Wednesday . Rubio said that Shinseki should have the power to hold people accountable . "  Give the secretary the power to fire employees underneath him who are not doing their jobs , " he said . "  This is a matter of urgency . " Obama speaks out The overall scandal prompted a response on Wednesday from Obama , who expressed dismay and demanded accountability , but also said he needed more time to find out what was going on . "  If these allegations prove to be true , it is dishonorable , it is disgraceful , and I will not tolerate it , period , " Obama said . Obama noted that the public wants a "  swift reckoning " on the VA issue , but he defended the record of his administration and Shinseki . Hospital delays are killing war veterans On Wednesday , it was disclosed that some veterans hurt in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan are being made to wait for months to be seen in Phoenix , despite a mandate that they be give priority , according to a VA doctor . Dr. Katherine Mitchell , the medical director of the Phoenix VA 's post-deployment clinic , outlined the allegations on CNN 's "  AC 360 . " Probing record keeping , lists CNN reported last month that in Phoenix , the department used fraudulent record-keeping -- including the alleged secret list -- that covered up excessive waiting periods for veterans , some of whom died in the process . The list in Phoenix was part of an alleged scheme designed by VA managers there who were trying to hide that 1,400 to 1,600 sick veterans were forced to wait months to see a doctor , according to a recently retired top VA doctor and several high-level sources . Overall , the number of VA facilities under investigation has expanded to 26 , the agency 's Office of Inspector General said Tuesday . An internal VA memo from 2010 showed officials warned of "  inappropriate scheduling practices " to cover up excessive waits for veterans four years ago . But the CNN investigation shows such practices have continued . The VA has acknowledged 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care , and the agency 's inspector general has launched an investigation of the Phoenix allegations that involve up to 40 other deaths . At a Senate hearing last week , the inspector general said his investigation so far found a possible 17 deaths of veterans waiting for care in Phoenix but added there was no evidence that excessive waiting was the reason . Obama said Wednesday that the cooked books and excessive waits applied more to veterans with chronic conditions who are among the 85 million VA appointments each year instead of those needing emergency attention . Rights group calls VA ` scapegoat ' in scandal over wait times , care	House Veterans Affairs Committee chair says more to come in VA scandal House speaker says he 's getting closer to calling for VA Secretary Shinseki to step down VA officials do n't show up for a meeting with House committee on scandal VA Secretary Eric Shinseki has not offered to resign , aims to reassure veterans in statement
CNN  -- A number of Chipotle employees across Minnesota were fired after an immigration audit targeted the restaurant chain for allegedly hiring undocumented workers , officials said . "  We are not disclosing a number of people displaced by this , " company spokesman Chris Arnold said Monday . "  We did lose some restaurant employees in Minnesota following a document review by Immigration and Customs Enforcement . " The review took place last month and is likely reflective of a shift away from work-site crackdowns against employees -- considered a hallmark practice under the Bush administration -- and toward so-called "  I-9 audits , " which instead focus on the hiring practices of their employers , according to analysts and a U.S. Immigration official who declined to be named . The I-9 form is an employment eligibility document meant to determine a person 's ability to work legally in the United States . "  At the end of the day , the goal is to ensure that the companies have an authorized , legal workforce and also that employers are aware of their responsibility to ensure the people they hire are lawful , " the official said . The I-9 strategy is believed to be a more effective use of the agency 's investigative resources , putting the onus on the audited company to take corrective action , the official added . Chipotle has "  done what ICE has asked of us and are looking to put that incident behind us , " Arnold said . The crackdown coincides with recent judiciary hearings in Arizona in which lawmakers debated proposals to end birthright citizenship for U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants . Nearly one-third of America 's 38 million immigrants are illegal , just under four percent of the total U.S. population , according to recent reports from the Pew Hispanic Research Center and the Brookings Institute , a Washington-based think tank . Of those , many are employed in low-wage restaurants jobs . But analysts debate the broader economic impact of illegal immigration in the United States . Critics often blame the large undocumented workforce for siphoning public resources while forcing a drop in wages or displacing low-skilled U.S.-born workers . Advocates say consumers benefit from lower prices as a result of the lower wages paid to illegal workers , arguing that they fill unskilled labor gaps and create work opportunities for higher-skilled , higher-paid workers who are often native born . Illegal immigration "  nationally , does n't seem to make a significant difference " to the broader U.S. economy , said Audrey Singer , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute who studies U.S. immigration policy . "  The real impact is at local levels , " Singer said , pointing to state and local law enforcement , schools and health care systems that pay for an undocumented workforce that may or may not contribute tax revenue for services rendered . But as record unemployment rates affect cities and towns across the country , immigrants -- particularly illegal immigrants -- are being targeted , she said . CNN 's Christine Romans , Laura Batchelor and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report	Chipotle employees in Minnesota were fired after an immigration audit Restaurant officials say they have complied with ICE requests Nearly one-third of America 's 38 million immigrants are illegal
As pollsters , it 's our job to keep a finger on the pulse of the American electorate . As women , we also take an interest in finding out what female voters are actually thinking . It 's never as simple as commentators want you to think . We know that Democrats like to reduce women down to single-issue voters . They like to talk about "  the women 's vote " as if it 's a monolith . As common as those talking points are , they offer a pretty unsophisticated view of women and what women want . Recently we did a poll for the Republican National Committee and National Republican Congressional Committee of 1,206 women voters in battleground congressional districts . These are the districts that will see competitive races for seats in the House of Representatives this fall . So what does our polling show ? First , women 's priorities run the gamut , but the most important issues involve jobs and household finances . Second , the vast majority of women are upset with the status quo and express feelings that range from anger to apathy . No one , however , is satisfied . To put that into a political context , that 's bad news for the party that holds the White House . Democrats should be especially concerned , because their only discernible appeal to women voters has been "  Republicans do n't like you . " It 's a line devoid of substance , at a time when women voters desperately want action on issues of substance . For years Democrats have fixated on a contrived "  war on women " to connect with female voters . But that routine wo n't get them far today , given their abysmal effort to improve the lives of working families . Contrary to what Democrats ' rhetoric would suggest , the economy , government spending and health care rank as women 's top priorities . And current policies are n't cutting it . The survey also found that only 25 % of women in these districts believe the country is headed in the right direction , while 67 % say it 's on the wrong track . A majority  53 %  also disapprove of President Barack Obama 's job performance . On the economy , women are still looking for real solutions that offer women better work opportunities and will actually start growing our economy for all workers . They also endorse changes to our tax and retirement laws to allow them to keep more of what they earn and to help small business owners pursue their goals . Opposition to Obamacare among women is high , with 55 % opposing the Democrats ' signature health care law . Just 41 % support it . Importantly , those who oppose Obamacare feel much more strongly about it than those who support it . Forty-three percent strongly oppose the law , compared to just 22 % who strongly support it . That 's a significant enthusiasm gap that works in the favor of the Republican Party , the party that believes we can do better than Obamacare . In other words , when our candidates oppose Obamacare and support real health care solutions , they are likely to find support among women . In the poll , women said they agree with some basic principles about health care , including the statement , "  We need to start over and create real heath care reform that allows us to choose the plans we want , the doctors we need at the cost we can afford . " They reject the typical Washington one-size-fits-all approach and identify with the statement in the poll that "  Obamacare does n't allow women to make health care decisions for their families . " None of this is to say Republicans will have an easy go of it in November 2014 or 2016 . There was a clear "  gender gap " in 2012 , with Obama winning the votes of a majority of women . That gap will not be erased overnight . Yet in the last midterm election , in 2010 , women favored Republicans over Democrats for the first time in modern history . Many of those same dynamics are at play in 2014 . Republicans do have an opportunity . When they make their case to voters , in this cycle and the next , the majority of female voters will be open to candidates who can present substance and solutions . Simply saying "  they do n't like women " is a vapid political strategy that will not be effective for the other side . For female voters , ideological debates also are n't seen as helpful . By and large they practice the politics of pragmatism . They 're looking for leaders who are measured and solution-oriented in their approach . The party that represents the status quo will be unacceptable to the majority of women voters . The party that provides meaningful , workable alternatives will have the advantage among women voters . Republicans are the party best positioned to take on that role . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Republican pollsters say Democrats like to simplify issues when it comes to women But , they say , reality is a bit more complex Jobs and household finances rank at the top for women , according to a GOP poll Democrats ' appeal to women voters has been "  Republicans do n't like you , " they say
It 's a tied race between two unpopular men . Three weeks before Election Day , Florida incumbent Gov. Rick Scott finds himself in a neck-and-neck sprint to the finish line against Democratic challenger and former Gov. Charlie Crist . According to a new CNN/ORC International poll , each candidate has the support of 44 % of likely voters , while Libertarian Adrian Wyllie pulls a significant share  9 %  of the vote . With the race so close , Wyllie 's support sets the stage for a potential Libertarian spoiler . "  And with one in five likely voters saying that they could change their minds between now and Election Day , it 's really anyone 's ballgame , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland . The survey was done October 9-13 with 610 likely voters and has a sampling error of plus or minus 4 percentage points . College GOP : ` Say yes ' to Scott 's dress Scott and Crist are familiar faces in Florida . Crist was governor in the term immediately preceding Scott 's . Crist , however , was a Republican at the time . He became an independent during an unsuccessful bid for the U.S. Senate in 2010 , then became a Democrat in 2012 . His party switch has become a major line of attack against Crist . But the former governor and his new Democratic allies say the Republican Party has taken a different ideological track in recent years . "  Hell , he did n't leave the  GOP  . It left him , " Vice President Joe Biden said Monday in Florida , while campaigning for Crist . Florida to vote on legalizing medical marijuana Scott was elected in the tea party wave of 2010 with campaign promises to make big cuts and take on public unions . Despite holding true to his pledges and his state seeing a steady rise in economic growth , Scott 's approval ratings have slipped dramatically . While both candidates are widely known in the state , it appears voters are split on who they like less . A majority of likely voters , 53 % , have an unfavorable view of Crist , and a majority , 52 % , also have an unfavorable view of Scott . "  One thing is certain : This year 's race is not a popularity contest , " Holland said . "  That may explain why a third-party candidate is in the high single digits . " With two prominent names in the mix , the contest has been one of the most closely watched races of 2014 . Obama 's midterm malaise Crist threw his hat in the ring with much fanfare late last year , and early polls indicated he has a sizable advantage over Scott . But the race tightened this year , and the high-profile appeal of the race and its swing-state dynamics have attracted big-name surrogates on both sides . In addition to Biden , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton campaigned for Crist this month , and first lady Michelle Obama will do a fundraiser for Crist on Friday in Orlando . On Thursday , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will turn out for Scott . As chairman of the Republican Governors Association , it will mark Christie 's fourth trip to the state this year . Fellow Gov. Rick Perry of Texas has also shown up for Scott . CNN will air a debate between Crist and Scott on October 21 . The hourlong debate will air exclusively at 7 p.m. ET on CNN and WJXT and take place in WJXT 's studios in Jacksonville , Florida . CNN 's Jake Tapper , chief Washington correspondent and anchor of CNN 's "  The Lead , " will moderate with WJXT anchor Kent Justice joining in the questioning.â $ `	Rick Scott and Charlie Crist each have 44 % of support from likely voters That 's according to a new CNN/ORC International poll The survey also indicates that a majority of voters have unfavorable views of both men A Libertarian candidate has a significant amount of support
CNN  -- Early in 2002 , shortly after the U.S. overthrow of the Taliban regime , Taliban leader Khairullah Khairkhwa phoned Afghan President Hamid Karzai asking for a job . As a member of the same tribe , he had known the Karzai family for years , and was hoping to use this link to switch allegiances to the new U.S.-backed Afghan government , a move typical of the twists and turns of the country 's 30 years of war . Karzai promised to help , and referred Khairkhwa to his brother Ahmed Wali Karzai , a close CIA ally based in Kandahar province . Ahmed Wali Karzai agreed to send a representative to meet Khairkhwa in Pakistan . But before this could transpire , a rival Taliban figure alerted the Pakistani border police to Khairkhwa 's presence . He was arrested , handed over to the Americans , and sent to Guantanamo . Khairkhwa is one of the five Taliban leaders who were released from Guantanamo over the weekend in a deal for Sgt. Bowe Berghdahl , the lone American POW in Iraq and Afghanistan . I learned of Khairkhwa 's story , which is corroborated in his Guantanamo detainee files , from interviews with the late Ahmed Wali Karzai and other Afghan government officials . In fact , all five of the swapped prisoners were initially captured while trying to cut deals , and like Khairkhwa , three had been attempting to join , or had already joined , the Afghan government at the time of their arrest . This history shows that the categories we take as rigid and unchanging , such as "  terrorist , " are in fact remarkably fluid in the context of Afghan politics . Uncovering the stories of these men tells us much about Guantanamo , the Taliban , and the possibility of a negotiated end to the conflict . Obama : I do n't apologize for Bergdahl swap Mohammad Nabi Omari , the most junior ranking of the five , was a small-time commander linked to pro-Taliban strongman Jalaluddin Haqqani in the 1990s . After 2001 , he was among the many Haqqani followers who switched allegiances to the Karzai government . Malem Jan , another ex-Haqqani commander who switched sides , remembers him vividly . "  Omari was angry with the Taliban for throwing the country away  for Osama bin Laden  , " he said in a 2010 interview . "  He would sit there and tell me , ` if I see a Talib , I wo n't even let him take a piss , I 'm going to turn him in . ' " Malem Jan , Omari , and other former Haqqani commanders began working for the CIA . In his Guantanamo file , Omari describes dealing with an American named "  Mark . " "  We worked for the Americans , " Malem Jan recalls . "  We met them regularly to get instructions and give intelligence . " In those days , the United States was handing out money freely for such intelligence , which inadvertently provided incentive for bogus accusations . Some Afghan officials in Khost allege that Omari reaped profits from falsely accusing others of al Qaeda membership . If so , he certainly accrued enemies , and in September 2002 , he , too , was accused of insurgent membership by rival warlords and politicians , despite being publicly aligned with the Karzai government . "  He was on our side , " said Malem Jan , who now lives in Kabul . "  And then all of a sudden , he was in Guantanamo . " In October 2001 , Abdul Haq Wasiq , another of the five , traveled to Ghazni province for a clandestine meeting with the CIA and Afghan warlords in an attempt to strike a deal . Wasiq worked with the Taliban 's spy agency , and he was negotiating on behalf of his boss , according to the memoir of Harry Crumpton , then deputy chief of operations at the CIA 's Counterterrorism Center . The CIA , however , was not interested in reconciliation , only in intelligence leading to bin Laden or other top al Qaeda figures . Wasiq could not deliver this because he , like most Taliban members , did not actually have access to the Arabs . So the American team bound and gagged Wasiq and his companion , eventually shipping them to Guantanamo . The six soldiers at center of Bergdahl debate Of the five , only Mullah Mohammad Fazl and Mullah Norullah Noori were significant military commanders . In November 2001 , as their movement was collapsing around them , they surrendered , along with their foot soldiers , to the U.S.-backed warlord Abdul Rashid Dostum .  Fazl is a notorious human rights violator , as is Dostum  . Years earlier , Fazl had helped Dostum escape a precarious battlefield situation , and he engineered the deal in the hopes of having the favor returned . But Dostum sold them to the Americans and massacred hundredsâ $ " some sources say thousandsâ $ " of their foot soldiers and conscripts by suffocating them in shipping containers . Instead of being recalcitrant terrorists bent on fighting America , this history indicates that all five can make pragmatic deals if the conditions are right . Does this mean they wo n't pose a threat upon their release ? How big a terror risk are former Guantanamo prisoners ? It 's difficult to say ; two Taliban commanders who surrendered to Dostum alongside Fazl and Noori were also sent to Guantanamo . Upon their release in 2007 , they quickly joined the insurgency and rose to its top ranks . Ghulam Rohani , who was arrested with Wasiq , has rejoined the fight since his release that same year . On the other hand , other Taliban leaders have successfully returned to civilian life after their Guantanamo release , including Taliban Ambassador Mullah Abdul Salam Zaeef , Commerce Minister Mullah Abdul Razak , and Gov. Naim Kuchi . What is clear , though , is that with the ongoing turnover of the Taliban 's mid - and senior-level leadership in recent years , the arrival of a few individuals to Qatar is unlikely to make a significant impact on the battlefield in Afghanistan . Who was swapped for Bergdahl ? So , the cost of the prisoner swap may be low , but the potential payoff is high . In a country that has seen few openings for peace in the last decade , this could mark the first tangible step toward a negotiated settlement . There is little trust , understandably , between the Taliban and the United States , and in this vein the mutual release of prisoners could be a confidence building measure . To be sure , a grand deal may never comeâ $ " there are many divergent interests within the Taliban , their patrons in Pakistan , and Afghan society at large . But when endless war is the only alternative , even the most difficult paths are worth pursuing . Hillary Clinton wanted tougher deal for Bergdahl Who is Bowe Bergdahl ? What 's the legal case for the Bergdahl swap ?	5 Taliban leaders are released in a deal to trade for POW Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl Anand Gopal : Three of the five had joined or tried to join the Afghan government He says the notion of "  terrorist " is remarkably fluid in the context of Afghan politics Gopal : Prisoner swap could be a step toward a negotiated settlement
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Former Alaska governor and Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin will co-host NBC 's "  Today " show on Tuesday , according to Megan Kopf , a spokeswoman for NBC Universal . "  She 'll reveal a different side of her than you 've seen before , " the morning show 's website boasted Sunday . Last week ABC announced that former "  Today " host Katie Couric will fill in for Robin Roberts as co-host of "  Today 's " rival morning show , "  Good Morning America , " all week . Couric co-hosted "  Today " for 15 years before leaving for CBS . The matchup of the two women brings to mind Couric 's infamous 2008 interviews with Palin for CBS News when Palin was the GOP vice presidential candidate . Among the details revealed in the course of those interviews was the fact that candidate Palin could not name a single newspaper or magazine that she regularly read . Palin is now a paid contributor for the Fox News Channel . In addition to rekindling memories of 2008 , the two announcements come at a big moment for the competing morning talk shows . According to Nielsen , "  Today " has won the ratings war for some time , but recently "  Good Morning America " has been making a steady comeback , threatening to overtake "  Today " as the top-watched morning show .	Sarah Palin will co-host ` Today ' on NBC on Tuesday Katie Couric , meanwhile , will co-host ABC 's competing "  Good Morning America " Couric interviewed candidate Palin 2008 in an infamous session
CNN  -- Brazilian soccer icon Zico has hailed the South American country 's World Cup-winning team of 1958 as the best in the sport 's history , ahead of the reigning world and European champions Spain . After a thumping 4-0 victory over Italy in the final of Euro 2012 last weekend , Spain became the first team to win three consecutive major tournaments -- following on from triumphs at the 2010 World Cup and the European Championship of 2008 . The recent success enjoyed by Vicente del Bosque 's team has led some to label them as the finest ever , leading to comparisons with other legendary teams -- such as the Brazil squad which became world champions in 1970 . But former "  selecao " star Zico , currently coach of the Iraq national team , selected the Brazil team which lifted the Jules Rimet trophy in Sweden 54 years ago as the finest in football history . The greatest football team : Spain 2012 vs. Brazil 1970 ? "  For me the best national team of all time is the Brazilian team from 1958 , " Zico , who was part of the much-heralded Brazil team which reached the second group stage of the 1982 World Cup , exclusively told CNN . Is victorious Spain the best team ever ? "  Quite simply because it had , in my opinion , the best players in the world . Pele and Garrincha . They scored a bag full of goals and put in a show in almost every game . " Pele rose to prominence as a 17-year-old at the 1958 tournament , scoring six goals including a brace in Brazil 's 5-2 defeat of hosts Sweden in the final . The striker is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers the sport has ever seen and , after being hampered by injury during his country 's 1962 World Cup win , he was a key figure in Brazil 's 1970 success . Garrincha was a tricky winger who not only won the World Cup in 1958 , but starred as Brazil retained the trophy in Chile four years later . His four goals made him joint top goalscorer alongside teammate Vava . The flamboyant Garrincha , who spent the vast majority of his career with Rio de Janeiro-based Botafogo , died of cirrhosis of the liver in 1983 aged 49 . Strutting midfielder Zico is fondly remembered by many football fans for his stylish contribution to the Brazil team which lit up the 1982 competition in Spain , alongside playmaker Socrates .	Football star Zico tells CNN Brazil 's 1958 team is the best of all time Spain 's Euro 2012 success has led many observers to label them the greatest Brazil won the 1958 World Cup with a team featuring stars such as Pele and Garrincha Spain are the first team to have won three consecutive major tournaments
CNN  -- Nigerian writer Tope Folarin has been announced as the winner of this year 's Caine Prize for African Writing . The U.S.-based author scooped the accolade -- which has been described as Africa 's leading literary award -- for his short story "  Miracle , " a tale of faith and deceit in an evangelical Nigerian church in Texas . "  Winning feels tremendous -- I still ca n't believe it , " enthused the 31-year-old author . "  I feel like I 'm walking on air . " Folarin spent a year writing the story , which explores the relationship between a blind pastor-prophet and his faithful congregation . "  It 's a community I know quite well , " he explained . " ` Miracle ' does have an autobiographical quality to it , because the dreams and desires described are ones I share as a writer in the Nigerian diaspora . " Watch this : Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie cries over praise The Washington D.C.-based author , who was born and raised in the U.S. but lived in Nigeria for a year , said that fellow members of the community had responded well to his story . But striking the right tone had its challenges . "  I spent a long time trying to get a particular voice down , and that was the greatest technical difficulty I had when writing the novel , " Folarin said . "  Watching Woody Allen 's ` The Purple Rose of Cairo ' -- where a movie star walks off screen and into real life -- helped me to define that voice , and introduce the narrator 's transition from using ` we ' to ` I ' . " Gus Chaseley-Hayford , chair of judges for the prize , described Folarin 's winning prose as a "  superb Caine Prize winner -- a delightful and beautifully paced narrative , that is exquisitely observed and utterly compelling . " The decision was announced at the 14th Caine Prize ceremony , held Monday night at Bodleian Library at the University of Oxford , where Folarin beat his four fellow shortlisted candidates . Three of the other contenders were Nigerian , as was last year 's prize winner , Rotimi Babatunde . "  I know that myself and other Nigerian writers have been empowered by a long tradition of Nigerian authors writing beautifully , " said Folarin . "  At times when we 're struggling to write , we derive great power from the work that has come before us . " Folarin has previously received literary fellowships from The Institute for Policy Studies and the journal "  Callalloo , " as well as studying for two Master 's degrees at the University of Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar . His Caine Prize win means he is eligible to take up a month 's tenure as Writer-in-Residence at the Lannan Center for Poetics and Social Practice at Georgetown University , which he plans to begin before the end of the year . Describing himself as a "  savings freak , " Folarin has no grand plans for his Â # 10,000  $ 14,840  prize fund as yet , but his future literary plans are more defined . " ` Miracle ' is part of a manuscript I 've been working on for three years , which ties together a number of novels through a single lead protagonist , " he divulged . "  I hope to get that published at some stage in the future , but my main focus right now is just being the best writer I can be . "  Nothing else matters to me . "	Tope Folarin wins top prize for African Writing His short story , "  Miracle , " is a semi-autobiographical look at the Nigerian diaspora The prize includes $ 15,000 and a position as Writer-in-Residence
CNN  -- Doing 75 mph down a winding canyon on an otherwise calm afternoon evoked some discomfort from my then-fiance passenger , white-knuckling his door handle . "  Am I making you nervous , Sweetie ? " I asked . I was enjoying the speed thrill and was acutely aware that he was not . "  Not really , " he managed to squeak . But we were a month and a half away from the "  biggest day " of our lives , and I knew better . The nerves were starting to fray a bit . Five seconds of silence before he said : "  I just do n't want anything to happen to us before the wedding . " And there it is . The very sentence that summarizes what I like to call "  Wedding World " -- an alternative reality not elicited by drugs , engaged in by the weak of heart , nor entered often by choice . A place where you believe , unequivocally , that the universe does revolve around you . A place that gave me some sympathy for the narcissists in my life . This frame of mind is entirely limiting . There is no time to enjoy a beautiful sunset when you 've got to put lotion on your skin for the fifth time that day . Let me clarify . I love my husband dearly . I wanted to get married , and I think , as an observer , weddings are beautiful occasions . Everyone is smiling , and if they 're crying it 's because they 're so very happy . Weddings are inspirational events , evoking notions of summer evenings , blushing brides , silly pranks by younger brothers and pretty bridesmaids all in a row . That 's what a wedding is all about , right ? I was the sort of bride-to-be who prided herself on not capitulating to the capitalist wedding-day requirements . Yes , I know that the average U.S. wedding costs a staggering $ 28,000 , but those "  free spirits " who serve Cheetos and Ho Ho cakes at their soirees did n't seem that bad to me . I was certain that I would not lose sight of what the occasion was all about : marrying the man I love . Four months before our big day , after we moved into a house large enough to accommodate a polygamist family , I realized things were getting out of hand . It was n't explicitly said , but we chose that house knowing his family and friends were coming into town and would not be impressed by our basement apartment . We chose that house to have a big-ass rehearsal dinner . People do crazy stuff in Wedding World . Soon I was faced with such "  heavy " decisions as : Reserved or open seating ? Band or DJ ? One or two entrees ? Veil or no veil ? Roses or tulips ? 6:00 or 6:30 ? Guitar player or violinist ? Pachelbel 's "  Canon " or "  Over the Rainbow " ? Sanity or nuthouse ? After all was said and done , our wedding was wonderful . I have the best husband a woman could ask for , but it turned out that leaving Wedding World was not so easy . As part of my 12-step Wedding World cessation program , it helped me to identify six fairly distinct phases of this common affliction -- and laugh at our silly ways . Phase 1 : The post-engagement high This is a blissful , short-lived period when the wedding still feels like an exotic , far-off event . "  Yay , we 're getting married ! " You and your partner bat around loose ideas about what sort of wedding you each want  "  Oh , maybe we can get married in Hawaii ! "  and leave it at that , which brings me to the next phase . Phase 2 : Denial for two For me , this lasted too long -- about five months of our nine-month engagement . Toward the end of this phase , a mutual friend said over drinks at a bar , "  You know what I love about you guys ? That you never talk about your wedding . Engaged couples get so consumed and you guys are n't like that at all . " Her comments made me , um , think about things . Phase 3 : Reality bites In this phase you collide with the fact that you 're essentially throwing the largest party of your life for the most important people in your life . And you realize you want very badly for this party to go extremely well . We picked out invitations and tasted cakes as if Martha Stewart were on the guest list . We scoured weddings sites as though our very lives depended on finding the perfect location -- would people prefer the view of a mountain or a beautiful garden ? -- and went to Napa Valley to taste wines . OK , this one was an excuse to take a break from this phase , which boils down to a package of stress with the delivery date pounding your brain every minute . Phase 4 : Crunch time This phase , mere weeks away from the main event , was actually more bearable for me . My fiance and I talked as if we were planning a military operation : "  I 've got the flowers covered , the RSVPs are coming in and we should have a final count by Tuesday at 16:00 , but the backyard is the fly in the ointment . " The wedding loomed larger than ever , but we were too busy to stress about it . Phase 5 : The big day This is the phase Wedding World folks live for . It is the height of WW , the reason you do it all . It absolutely amazes me how wonderful this phase was . We got pre-ceremony massages . There were pretty bridesmaids all in a row and it was a summer evening . No silly pranks were played , but we danced the night away and love was all around us . Still , it 's ironic that this is the shortest phase . We spent how many months planning -- for a five-hour event ? Phase 6 : Post-honeymoon detox This last phase is much less stressful , but definitely the silliest . My husband and I actually volunteered to videotape and DJ a friend 's wedding one week after we returned from our honeymoon . We double-handedly sought to make it an affair to remember . I gave a toast in front of 250 people , of whom I knew approximately 15 . My husband became DJ and announcer . We danced to every song , hoping to inspire people to get footloose . I think our freakish , post-wedding energy scared and confused guests as they remained firmly planted in their seats . Despite the stomach knots , obsessive thoughts and money squandering , Wedding World is ultimately a difficult place to leave . If you know people who are in this alternative reality , cut them some slack . Their days are strange and their logic skewed . Do n't be afraid to approach them when they 're poring over wedding pictures like dealers with a new load of premium cocaine . This phase will end . You 'll get your friends or loved ones back , and when it 's your turn to get married they 'll be there to help you . And you 'll be glad that they are . A version of this story originally appeared in the Salt Lake City Weekly . Share your stories from Wedding World in the comments below .	When Kristy Griggs got engaged , she did n't anticipate what it would do to her brain She calls this state "  Wedding World , " an alternate reality where planning takes over There 's a lot of bliss involved -- right before the freakout sets in She finds most engaged couples go through it and find their way back to normalcy
PANAMA CITY , Panama  CNN  -- Ricardo Martinelli , the multimillionaire owner of a supermarket chain , was inaugurated as president of Panama on Wednesday . Ricardo Martinelli is a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party . National Assembly President Jose Luis Varela performed the swearing-in and placed the presidential sash on Martinelli , a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party in May . The citizens of Panama "  want things to be done differently , " Varela said at the inauguration . "  An attitude of change starts today . " In his first speech as president , Martinelli promised a smaller government budget but raises for public workers . Public safety , an issue that the outgoing administration of Martin Torrijos struggled to maintain , will be a priority , Martinelli said . "  Our prisons will be rehabilitation centers , not schools for criminals , " he said . Panama will also work with Mexico and Colombia to combat drug trafficking in the region , Martinelli said . Among the dignitaries at the inauguration was deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya , who was ousted in a military-led coup Sunday . The Organization of American States has condemned the coup , and Zelaya has continued to carry out his presidential duties . The son of Italian immigrants , Martinelli , 57 , is a self-made businessman who is chairman of the Super 99 supermarket chain , one of the largest private companies in Panama . The U.S.-educated president previously served as minister and chairman of the board of directors of the Panama Canal Authority and formerly was director of social security for Panama , according to his Web site . Martinelli won the presidency with 60 percent of the votes in a race against ruling-party candidate Balbina Herrera .	NEW : Deposed Honduran president attends ceremony Supermarket chain owner Ricardo Martinelli inaugurated Martinelli promises smaller government budget , raises for public workers New president says Panama will fight drug trafficking in region
CNN  -- The West Georgia University graduate student infected two weeks ago with a rare "  flesh-eating " bacteria was making progress , albeit slowly , her father said Tuesday . "  She was in high spirits , " Andy Copeland told CNN about his daughter , Aimee Copeland , 24 , who was on a ventilator in intensive care at Doctors Hospital in Augusta , Georgia . "  She appears to be remembering day-to-day different conversations we 've had . We actually referred to some conversations she had yesterday , so her memory is -- short-term memory -- appears to be coming back , which is a very encouraging sign . " As a result of the damage done by the bacterial infection called necrotizing fasciitis , doctors have removed part of Copeland 's abdomen , amputated a leg and expect to remove her fingers , her father said on a website run by the University of West Georgia Psychology Department . "  However , physicians have hope of bringing life back to the palms of her hands , which could allow her the muscle control to use helpful prosthetics , " he said . "  They are awaiting a safe time before embarking on surgery for this . " Copeland , who has been on life support since May 4 , regained consciousness a week later , according to the school 's website . The master 's student in psychology at the school was with friends on May 1 near the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta , when she grabbed onto a zip line . It snapped and she fell . The accident left a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room , where doctors determined she had contracted the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . She was taken to Augusta for surgery . But , as of Tuesday night , she had not yet fully grasped the extent of her illness , her father said . "  As far as all the specifics , we steered her away from the experience itself . To me , it probably does not good in her healing process to bring up any bad memories , at this point . " Bored with television , his daughter was reading and trying to communicate with her family , the father said on the website . But the ventilator made talking difficult , he said . "  Some of the simplest words can take minutes to decipher when you have a tube interfering with your lips and movement of your jaw . " For example , he added , "  lamb chop " turned out to be "  laptop . " Copeland has been infused with 177 units of blood since she contracted the infection . That 's more than 168 pints ; the average human body contains about 10 pints of blood , according to America 's Blood Centers . "  You 've got a lot of need , " the father said . "  We 've got blood drives in Augusta , Carrollton , Winder , Lawrenceville , Snellville , " he added , referring to communities in Georgia . The bacteria are "  remarkably common in the water and in the environment , " according to Dr. Buddy Creech , an assistant professor of pediatric infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University . "  When it gets into those deeper tissues , it has a remarkable ability to destroy the tissues that surround it in sort of this hunt for nutrition , " he said . "  When it does that , those tissues die , and you see the inflammation and the swelling and the destruction that can be very difficult to control . " Her wound became infected , "  and the infection  ran  wild , " Creech said . The infection is fatal in about one in four cases , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says on its website . Students at the school have rallied to Copeland 's aid . A blood drive was to be held Tuesday at the student center . A second blood drive is planned next week in Gwinnett County , where the family lives .	"  She appears to be remembering ... different conversations , " father says Blood drives are launched in several communities for Aimee Copeland She has been on life support since May 4
CNN  -- To robust applause from the gathered faithful , Pope Francis called Sunday for a day of prayer and fasting over the violence in Syria . Devoting the totality of his weekly remarks in St. Peter 's Square to the civil war in Syria , Francis invited "  all men of good will " to join with Catholics on September 7 to take part in the prayer and fast . He condemned in strong and personal terms the recent use of of chemical weapons . "  I tell you that those terrible images from recent days are burned into my mind and heart , " Francis said . "  There is a judgment of God and of history upon our actions which is inescapable ! " The pontiff urged a peaceful ending to the conflict . "  Never has the use of violence brought peace in its wake . " the pope said , his voice rising . "  War begets war , violence begets violence . " In recent days the United States , Britain and France have had high profile debates about the merits of military intervention in Syria . Britain 's parliament dealt a blow to Prime Minister David Cameron 's desire for military action . In the United States , President Barack Obama announced his intention to get congressional approval for any military involvement . The French government is expected to discuss the matter early next week . While Francis did not mention any of those efforts specifically , he called on the "  international community to make every effort to promote clear proposals for peace in that country without further delay , a peace based on dialogue and negotiation . " On September 7 , he said , people will gather at St. Peter 's Square from 7 p.m. to midnight , while other churches hold similar community events . "  Humanity needs to see these gestures of peace " he said .	Pope denounces chemical weapons use He calls for day of prayer and fasting for Syria He invites "  all men of good will " to join The pontiff appeals for peaceful efforts to end conflict
CNN  -- Chances are you 've either heard about or seen the photos of Kim Kardashian posing nude for Paper Magazine . The intention was to "  break the Internet " with the provocative photos of Kardashian baring it all . While I was disappointed that Kardashian chose to use nude photos of herself for the occasion , I was even more disappointed to hear all the mean comments and disparaging articles written about her . Those who know Kardashian personally speak well of her and tell me how kind and sweet she is . So , it is painful to see how quickly we are willing to come down hard on each other as women . It 's as if we give no space or room for any margin of error . It 's important to not judge others and to recognize that we have all made decisions that in hindsight  no pun intended  we wish we could take back . The movie "  Groundhog Day " comes to mind . Have n't we all wanted a second chance at getting something right ? Let 's encourage all women to seek powerful , sustainable and fulfilling ways to break the Internet and the bank by using our minds instead of our bodies . I remember being an executive in corporate America and being mindful to cover up my curves so the men I worked with would focus on my creative and innovative ideas instead of how I looked . I was probably overly obsessed with it , but I always wanted to be rewarded for my merits and accomplishments versus anything that had to do with my physical attributes . For women in the corporate world , how you dress and speak , how passionate you are about what you do , how you persevere , and how you operate day-to-day all help establish your brand . Think for a moment : What are people saying about you when you are not in the room ? Do you know what your personal brand is ? Does your brand convey that you are using your body or your mind to achieve your goals and aspirations ? There are two amazing women -- Sara Blakely and Elizabeth Holmes -- who are examples of sisters who are using their minds to not only create wealth but also using their gifts and talents to make a difference in the lives of others . Blakely , founder of Spanx , has helped women feel beautiful and confident in their clothes without having to wear full feet-in pantyhose . She did three things that I believe all successful entrepreneurs must do : 1  She cared deeply about what she was trying to do -- namely , how to help women look great even if they do n't have perfect bodies , 2  She was confident in her ability to provide a solution , 3  She was courageous enough to discuss her ideas with others , knowing that they could write her off . Even though she experienced rejections at first , she never gave up . Oprah named Spanx one of her favorite things in 2000 -- and the rest is history . Another woman we can all admire is self-made billionaire Elizabeth Holmes , who founded Theranos , a medical diagnostics company , which is revolutionizing the blood testing process . She leveraged her fear of needles to develop a way to use a small amount of blood for multiple tests instead of the usual two to four vials that we are accustomed to having drawn at the doctor 's office . Holmes studied chemistry at Stanford University but dropped out in her sophomore year to pursue her business . She spent years working on her idea . During that time , she did n't give up ; she stayed focused in the right way , in what I call the 3 Cs : care , confidence and courage . So , how will you break the bank using your mind ? We want to hear from you .	Kim Kardashian , who posed nude for Paper Magazine , received many mean comments Sonia Myles : It 's important not to judge others ; we have all made unwise decisions Let 's encourage women to use their minds instead of their bodies in seeking success Myles : Two role models for women are Sara Blakely and Elizabeth Holmes
U.N. experts got to inspect the site of a reported chemical attack on civilians near Syria 's capital Monday as the United States accused the Syrian government of trying to cover up the attack . The U.N. inspectors entered the town of Moadamiyet al-Sham and appeared to be examining the area accompanied by doctors , according to videos posted on social media by Syrian activists . The team had a "  very productive " day and will continue its work Tuesday after examining its findings Monday evening , U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said in New York . Government and opposition forces have accused each other of unleashing poison gas last week in the suburban Damascus area of Ghouta . Syria 's opposition said that as many as 1,300 people were killed , prompting new calls for Western powers to intervene in the country 's 2-year-old civil war . In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called the use of chemical weapons a "  moral obscenity " that could not go unanswered , and he said Syrian actions are "  not the behavior of a government that has nothing to hide . " Read Kerry 's full remarks Kerry stopped short of directly accusing President Bashar al-Assad 's government of a massacre . But he said , "  We know that the Syrian regime maintains custody of these chemical weapons . We know that the Syrian regime has the capacity to do this with rockets . We know that the regime has been determined to clear the opposition from those very places where the attacks took place . " Meanwhile , he said that Syria was "  systemically destroying evidence " of last week 's attack by continuing to shell the area and that the danger the team faced Monday "  only further weakens the regime 's credibility . " The Obama administration is now weighing how to respond in talks with U.S. allies and members of Congress , he said . "  Nothing today is more serious , and nothing is receiving more serious scrutiny , " Kerry said . Monday 's examination took place after unidentified snipers shot multiple times at a vehicle used by the U.N. team and after an explosion near the site inspectors planned to visit , the United Nations said . There were no reports of injuries . U.N. officials did not say who was behind the shooting or the explosion , which witnesses said may have been caused by a mortar shell . The Syrian government accused "  terrorists " of firing on the inspectors , Syrian state TV reported . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said inspectors visited hospitals , interviewed witnesses , survivors and doctors and collected some samples . Speaking from Seoul , South Korea , Ban said he has directed the group to register a "  strong complaint " to government and opposition forces to make sure the team 's safety is guaranteed . The Syrian government agreed to grant the inspectors full access on Sunday , pledging to cease all hostilities as long as the team was on the ground , the United Nations said . And an umbrella group for the Syrian opposition , the Syrian National Coalition , said rebel forces would ensure the safety of any U.N. personnel in the area . But the government would not let U.N. inspectors approach the site for days , and the team feared that the chemical evidence may have dissipated . Attacks could reinforce poison gas ` taboo ' Middle East analyst Richard Haass told CNN 's The Lead that Kerry 's comments "  went far out on a limb " and indicate that a U.S. strike on Syria was in the works , with or without U.N. Security Council backing . Haass , the president of the Council on Foreign Relations , said military action was needed "  to underscore the principle , the norm , the taboo that these weapons ought to have . " "  No one , Syria or anybody else , now and forevermore , should be able to use such weapons , much less biological or nuclear weapons , with impunity , " he said . But he said Washington should limit its intervention in the conflict , "  so we do n't get enmeshed in what I think could become a quagmire . " "  If we want to help the opposition , the best way to do it is through considerable arming of those elements of the opposition with agendas we can support , " he said . But with Syria already seen as a proxy war that has been spilling across its neighbors ' borders for months , the prospects for improvement are n't likely to be aided by American airstrikes , said Andrew Tabler , a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  This is just going to be one chapter in a very long struggle we have in Syria , " Tabler told CNN 's The Situation Room . Russia , Syria 's leading ally , has raised sharp objections to the possibility of any outside intervention . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Monday that reports of the use of chemical weapons must be "  thoroughly and professionally investigated " and submitted to the U.N. Security Council . At a news conference Monday , Lavrov said there 's no proof yet that the Syrian government was involved in last week 's reported attack . And Sunday , a Foreign Ministry statement compared the Western allegations against Syria to the claims that Iraq was hoarding weapons of mass destruction before the U.S. invasion in 2003 -- claims that fell apart once American troops began searching for them . Charles Duelfer , the former head of U.S. weapons inspection teams in Iraq , said the U.N. experts will be looking to collect evidence from witnesses and survivors of last week 's attack , including samples that can be analyzed later . "  They 'll be looking for remnants of the munitions , which could be sophisticated munitions that a military would have -- or if it turns out , unexpectedly , to be the case that the insurgents had cobbled together some sort of CW capability , maybe they 'll find that , " Duelfer said . Duelfer said he expects the U.S. government has its own sources : "  Presumably , the National Security Agency can listen to people besides the United States , so they may have data which the weapons inspectors may not have , " he told The Situation Room . But while Washington 's evidence may be solid , U.N. inspectors "  provide credibility across the board . " "  When they say something , presumably all countries will say . ` OK , we can accept that , they do n't have a dog in that fight , ' " Duelfer said . U.S. officials have said they have no credible evidence pointing to opposition groups using chemical weapons . And the Obama administration is expected to declassify the intelligence assessment backing up its assertion that the Syrian regime was responsible for last week 's attack before any U.S. military action would take place , a senior administration official said Monday . That evidence "  includes but is not limited to " satellite images of activity at Syrian military installations identified as including chemical weapons depots , a senior administration official familiar with the intelligence told CNN . And Kerry said he had argued to Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem last week that if the government had nothing to hide , "  then their response should be immediate : immediate transparency , immediate access , not shelling . " "  Failure to permit that , I told him , would tell its own story , " he said . Opinion : How Al-Assad used chemical weapons to poison debate on Syria Al-Assad : It was n't us The Pentagon has sent four warships armed with cruise missiles to the region , and Obama will be presented with final options regarding actions against Syria in the next few days , a senior administration official said Monday . But as U.S. muscle plows the waters of the eastern Mediterranean Sea , al-Assad on Monday repeated his government 's denial that his army had anything to do with the use of poison gas . "  The area of the claimed attack is in contiguity with the Syrian army positions , so how is it possible that any country would use chemical weapons in an area where its own forces are located ? " he asked in an interview with Russian newspaper Izvestia . Al-Assad accused the United States , Britain and France of exploiting the incident by trying to verify rebel allegations instead of verifying facts . The use of a large amount of chemical weapons would cross a "  red line " and threaten U.S. interests in the region , Obama announced last year . Tabler , who has had extensive contacts with al-Assad , said the Syrian leader may have watched as Washington reacted cautiously to previous reports of chemical warfare and gambled incorrectly that last week 's attack would draw a similar response . "  I think he thought that he could push the envelope again and that he could actually show his own people that no one is going to come to their rescue , " Tabler said . Missile strikes on Syria likely response to chemical attack Opposition accusations Opposition members say rockets with chemical payloads were among the ordnance government troops unleashed at the rebel stronghold of Ghouta early Wednesday . More than 1,300 people died , most of them by gas , according to opposition spokesman Khaled al-Saleh . The opposition backed up the allegations with gruesome video of rows of dead bodies , including women and children . They had no visible wounds , and some appeared to be bloated . The aid agency Medecins sans Frontieres said three hospitals it supports in Syria 's Damascus governorate reported having received about 3,600 patients displaying neurotoxic symptoms on Wednesday morning . But according to Syrian state-run television 's depiction of events , government forces came into contact with a gas attack on Saturday in Jobar , on the edge of Damascus . Several of the soldiers were "  suffocating " from exposure to gases as they entered the city , according to state TV . "  It is believed that the terrorists have used chemical weapons in the area , " Syrian TV reported , citing an anonymous source . The government uses the term "  terrorists " to describe rebel forces . Broadcast video showed a room containing gas masks , gas canisters and other paraphernalia that could be used in a gas attack . The army said it uncovered the cache in a storage facility in the area . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of video shown by the government or rebels . Intervening in the Middle East turmoil : mission impossible ?	Strikes could be just one chapter in a long war , analyst says U.N. inspectors visit scene of reported poison gas attack Kerry 's remarks indicate a strike is likely , expert says A vehicle used by U.N. inspectors was shot at multiple times , U.N. says
Washington  CNN  -- With the rollout of HealthCare.gov -- the portal for enrollment in the new Obamacare health care exchanges -- getting hammered by critics and users , CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta sat down with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius for an exclusive interview . Here are Gupta 's takeaways from the interview : 1 . Full speed ahead I was surprised to learn just how extensive the concerns were before the October 1 rollout . Congressional investigators claim that just weeks before the planned rollout , more than two-thirds of insurers had concerns about the system being viable by October 1 . Just days before the launch , the website crashed while being tested with just a few hundred people logging in , according to the Washington Post . Despite all that , the White House decided to move forward . When I pressed Sebelius on this point , she said , "  We moved forward because millions of people have been waiting for health care insurance , " and they did n't want to delay any longer . Sebelius on the spot over Obamacare rollout She made that point a few times : A few weeks wo n't make that much of a difference given that open enrollment lasts until the end of March , and that millions more people could have health insurance by that time . 2 . Obama did n't know ? According to Sebelius , President Barack Obama was not aware of any significant problems until a "  couple days " after the website had been launched . The Affordable Care Act is touted as a signature achievement for the Obama administration , and it surprised me that the President was not being kept up to speed -- according to Sebelius -- on the concerns around the rollout . Sebelius : Obamacare website rollout problems blindsided President 3 . A-Team late to arrive Sebelius said in order to get the website running smoothly , she has asked that contractors bring in their "  best and brightest , " their "  A-Team . " I was surprised that the A-Team had n't been assembled earlier , given the magnitude of the ACA , and the challenge of setting up the website . When I pressed the Secretary on this point , she just said that she wants new eyes and ears , and to put all hands on deck , working toward a solution as quickly as possible . 4 . Open to delaying fines ? Sebelius did not back down on the individual mandate , which requires people to have health insurance or pay a fine . I asked how it was possible that people could face a fine , if they had tried to sign up and were unsuccessful . At that point , it seems she might have left the window open to a delay , saying only : "  I do n't think that that really is the question right now . " "  The issue is will people be able to sign up for affordable health care in the six-month open enrollment period ? And I think the answer is absolutely yes . " Whether or not this issue comes up again is unclear . For now , the Secretary said the individual mandate is here to stay . Administration to kick off effort to encourage enrollment 5 . Falling on her sword ? Finally , I asked her about the calls for her resignation . Over the past few days , her friend , Sen. Pat Roberts , as well as 2012 Republican vice presidential candidate Rep. Paul Ryan , have raised the possibility . While not giving a decisive no , Sebelius again reinforced the mission of this task , saying it was the most important job she has ever had . She also reinforced that she served at the pleasure of the President .	Sebelius said they pressed on with rollout because they did n't want to delay access to health care Fact that President Obama was n't being kept informed on biggest domestic program was a surprise "  A-Team " being called in now amid rollout debacle instead of involved much earlier Sebelius says individual mandate will not be delayed despite website issues
CNN  -- Jacques Villeneuve has not competed in the Indy 500 since his 1995 triumph in one of motor sport 's most iconic events but at the age of 42 the Canadian will return to the famous Brickyard for this year 's race . Villeneuve will drive for the Schmidt Peterson Motorsports team and , if he qualifies for the race proper on May 25 , he will set a new record for the biggest gap between starts , the 19 years surpassing the old mark of 17 , jointly held by Cy Marshall and Roland Free between 1930 and 1947 . Villeneuve went on to claim the 1995 IndyCar season championship before moving to Formula One , claiming the 1997 world title and a total of 11 wins from 34 grand prix starts . Currently an F1 commentator as well as competing in World Rallycross , Villeneuve said he was excited by the prospect of another chance of Indy 500 glory . "  To have the opportunity to return to IndyCar racing and the Indianapolis 500 is something I never thought possible , " Villeneuve told his official website . "  The memories I have there will stay with me for the rest of my life , and I 'm excited to create new memories in 2014 . " Villeneueve will partner the ambitious team 's full-time IndyCar drivers Simon Pagenaud of France and Mikhail Aleshin of Russia for the 500-mile  800 km  race on the 2.5 mile  4km  circuit in Indianapolis . Team principal Sam Schmidt said the acquisition of Villeneuve underlined their ambition as they enter just their third season in IndyCar . "  We 're very pleased to have a driver of the caliber of Jacques in our lineup in May , " Schmidt said . "  He 's a former winner in the event and brings tremendous experience from his success in the world 's top racing series . " Co-owner Ric Peterson was in the crowd when Villeneuve won the the Indy 500 in 1995 . "  Having grown up in Canada , the name Villeneuve is synonymous with winning . and Jacques being the only Canadian to win that huge event , it gave me a huge sense of national pride , " he said . Villeneuve 's father Gilles won six races during a brief but storied F1 career - until losing his life in an accident at the Belgian Grand Prix in 1982 . His son inherited his flair for motor sport and upon graduating to the IndyCar series in 1994 made an early impression by being named Rookie of the Year . His 1995 triumphs made him hot property and he was signed by the then dominant Williams team for the 1996 F1 season , finishing runner-up in the title race to teammate Damon Hill of Britain . The next season came his title success after a titanic battle with Germany 's Michael Schumacher , the seven-time world F1 champion . It was to prove the pinnacle of his career and after leaving Williams to drive with BAR , Renault and Sauber , Villeneuve switched to NASCAR racing in 2007 . He is one of only two drivers to have competed in IndyCar , NASCAR Sprint Cup and Formula One . The other , Colombia 's Juan Pablo Montoya is returning to IndyCar for the 2014 season with Team Penske . "  I 've been fortunate enough to compete in several of the world 's top racing series , and nothing excites me more than entering the IndyCar series at its current level of competitiveness , " Villeneuve said . Villeneuve 's place in Indy 500 history is already assured after his epic drive to win in 1995 . He recovered from a mid-race two-lap penalty to beat Brazilian Christian Fittipaldi by over two seconds . He is likely to be joined on the start line by three-time winner Helio Castroneves of Brazil , two-time winner Scott Dixon of New Zealand , Montoya , who won in 2000 , and Brazil 's Tony Kanaan , the defending champion . If he was to enter Victory Lane , Villeneuve would break Al Unser 's record for the longest gap between first and last victories . Unser went 17 years between his 1970 and 1987 triumphs .	Jacques Villeneuve to race at this year 's Indy 500 The 42-year-old Canadian will drive for Schmidt Peterson Motorsports Villeneuve won the famous race the last time he competed in 1995 Went on to race in Formula One and took 1997 world championship
CNN  -- DARPA , the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , funds some of the world 's most far out , forward-thinking research into new military technology . Something like Q Branch in the James Bond movies , DARPA is constantly working on what it describes as "  radical innovations . " But where James Bond has the character Q to build his exploding pens , DARPA often funds private companies and external organizations to develop its high-tech hardware . It is currently funding research into , among other things , a robot ostrich , a flying car and a plane that could stay airborne for five years at a time . While some of the technologies it is supporting might seem more suitable for science fiction than the battlefield , the fact that DARPA is willing to fund them is a sign they are at least possible -- if not always plausible . Do n't forget , DARPA 's Arpanet program is widely credited as being the precursor to today 's internet . So here are some of DARPA 's most incredible research programs , which could change the future of warfare , and might one day have applications that extend far beyond the military . Disc-Rotor Compound Helicopter The Disc-Rotor is a collaboration between DARPA and Boeing . Hoping to marry the best features of a helicopter and an airplane , the Disc-Rotor program aims to develop a new type of aircraft capable of a seamlessly transitioning from hovering like a helicopter to flying like a plane . The design is propelled by rotor blades that extend from a central disc , letting it take off and land like a helicopter . But those blades can also retract into the disc , minimizing drag and letting the Disc-Rotor fly like a plane , powered by engines beneath each wing . Vulture DARPA 's Vulture program is developing the technology to enable an "  airborne payload " to remain in the sky for more than five years at a time , performing intelligence , surveillance and communication missions . In practice , that means developing unmanned aircraft that act like satellites . Boeing is again working on the project , researching its "  SolarEagle , " a solar-powered , unmanned craft with a 120-meter wing span . It is designed to operate at altitudes above 18,000 meters . Boeing hopes it will make its first demonstration flight in 2014 . ChemBots Tech company iRobot worked with DARPA on its "  ChemBots " program . The aim was to build soft , flexible robots that could deform their bodies to move through openings smaller than themselves  e.g. under doors  to carry out covert tasks . IRobot used a transitional -- or "  jamming " -- material , with properties of both a solid and a liquid , to create a flexible robot that can crawl on six floppy legs . While DARPA 's funding has now expired , iRobot is still researching soft robotics and "  jamming " technology . LANdroids  Local Area Network droids DARPA also funded iRobot to research its LANdroids program . The aim was to give soldiers reliable communications in urban areas by creating pocket-sized robots they could scatter as they moved through an area . The robots would each act as a node in a wireless communications network . As the soldiers move , the robots would autonomously move with them , filling gaps in the network . According to iRobot , the LANdroid it created weighed around one pound , was highly mobile and used a flipper mechanism for self righting and obstacle climbing . Following the DARPA research , iRobot has developed a throwable robot for soldiers that will be available from 2012 . It says the robot could be used to investigate hard-to-access places such as tunnels and ditches . Falcon HTV-2 The ultimate goal of the Falcon Hypersonic Technology Vehicle 2  HTV-2  program is to create a vehicle that can fly anywhere in the world in less than an hour -- while enduring temperatures in excess of 1,925 C  3,500 F  . DARPA has already produced and flown a test HTV-2 -- an unmanned , rocket-launched aircraft that travels at Mach 20  about 13,000 miles per hour  . At that speed a flight between New York City and Los Angeles would take less than 12 minutes . HTV-2 made its maiden flight in April 2010 , but crashed into the Pacific after just nine minutes . A second flight , in August 2011 , lasted a similar time before meeting the same end . Following the second flight HTV-2 program manager Major Chris Schulz said : "  We do not yet know how to achieve the desired control during the aerodynamic phase of flight . It 's vexing ; I 'm confident there is a solution . We have to find it . " FastRunner This "  robot ostrich , " called FastRunner , is a joint project between DARPA , MIT and the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition  IHMC  . It aims to build a two-legged robot that can cover a moderately rough terrain "  as fast as the best human sprinters . " The Florida group has been running computer models it says show that when built , its robot could go from zero to 20 miles per hour in 15 seconds , with a top speed of 27 mph . An Olympic 400-meter runner moves at around a 20.5 mph . Why an ostrich ? Because it 's the fastest two-legged animal on land , said Sebastien Cotton , a research scientist with the IHMC . "  All the inspiration is coming from the ostrich so we spent a lot of time studying ostriches and trying to figure out which movements are essential to its locomotion , " said Cotton . The team plans to build and test a real robot in 2012 . Phoenix Communication satellites orbit more than 20,000 miles above the Earth . When they break they usually have to be replaced by launching a new satellite , even though many of these broken satellites still have usable parts , such as antennae and solar arrays . The Phoenix program is trying to find a way to remove and re-use valuable components from broken or "  retired " satellites -- in essence , recycling space junk . DARPA envisions small "  satlets " or "  nano satellites " being carried to a broken communication satellite by a "  tender " satellite , and then robotically attaching to the broken satellite 's antenna . But before it can become reality they must develop new robotics and remote imaging systems , and design grappling tools to grip , cut , and modify satellite parts . Shrike DARPA has funded aerospace company AeroVironment 's development of the Shrike -- a vertical take-off-and-landing unmanned aircraft "  small enough to be carried in a backpack . " Intended for use in military surveillance , the Shrike has four rotors and is equipped with a high-resolution camera that transmits real-time video . It can hover in place for up to 40 minutes and can also land , or "  perch , " in a discrete location and transmit video from its perch for several hours . Once it 's finished filming it takes off vertically and flies back to base . Transformer The Transformer program aims to build a flying car for the battlefield . And the car will need to fly itself . The aim is to create a vertical take-off-and-landing vehicle that can carry four people more than 250 miles on one tank of fuel . Six contractors are working on the project , including Lockheed Martin , AAI Corp. and Carnegie Mellon University  CMU  . Sanjiv Singh , a CMU research professor of robotics , said : "  In practical terms ... the vehicle will need to be able to fly itself , or to fly with only minimal input from the operator . And this means that the vehicle has to be continuously aware of its environment and be able to automatically react in response to what it perceives . " Cognitive Technology Threat Warning System  CT2WS The Cognitive Technology Threat Warning System program is developing binoculars that can identify threats from a long distance and then inform a soldier of the danger . It will use wide-angle optics and digital imaging , but the really clever bit is its use of "  cognitive visual processing algorithms " and "  operator neural signature detection processing . " That means monitoring the subconscious patterns in a soldier 's brain to detect a threat the soldier has perceived before they are even consciously aware of it . Nano Air Vehicle  NAV The Nano Air Vehicle  NAV  program is developing a tiny , ultra-light air vehicle for indoor and outdoor military missions . The program has already produced an impressive prototype robotic hummingbird , complete with fast-flapping wings that let it hover and fly .	U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency funds tech research Current projects include a robot ostrich , a flying car and a helicopter/plane hybrid Nano Air Vehicle program has built a tiny flying "  robot hummingbird " Falcon HTV-2 plane has already flown at 13,000 miles per hour
On Wednesday , three senior U.S. senators sent Michael Lynton , the CEO of Sony Pictures , a letter about "  Zero Dark Thirty , " the much-discussed new movie about the hunt for Osama bin Laden , which described the film as "  grossly inaccurate and misleading . " In the letter , Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein , D-California , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , and Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , expressed their "  deep disappointment " in the movie 's depiction of CIA officers torturing prisoners , which "  credits these detainees with providing critical lead information " about the courier who led the CIA to bin Laden 's hiding place in northern Pakistan . The senators point out that the filmmakers of "  Zero Dark Thirty " open the movie with the words that it is "  based on first-hand accounts of actual events . " The film then goes on , the senators say , to give the clear implication "  that the CIA 's coercive interrogation techniques were effective in eliciting important information related to a courier for Usama Bin Laden . " Review : ` Zero Dark Thirty ' is utterly gripping The senators write that this is not supported by the facts : "  We have reviewed CIA records and know that this is incorrect . " Last week , the Senate Intelligence Committee voted to sign off on the findings of its three-year study of the CIA 's detention and interrogation program , during the course of which the committee 's staff reviewed more than 6 million pages of records about the program . Based on the findings of that review , Sens. Feinstein and Levin had released a statement eight months ago that said , "  The CIA did not first learn about the existence of the Usama Bin Laden courier from CIA detainees subjected to coercive interrogation techniques . Nor did the CIA discover the courier 's identity from detainees subjected to coercive techniques . ... Instead , the CIA learned of the existence of the courier , his true name and location through means unrelated to the CIA detention and interrogation program . " In their letter to Sony , the three senators write , "  W  ith the release of Zero Dark Thirty , the filmmakers and your production studio are perpetuating the myth that torture is effective . ... We believe that you have an obligation to state that the role of torture in the hunt for Usama Bin Laden is not based on the facts . " Requests from Sony Pictures for comment on the senators ' letter yielded a response referring to a statement that the film 's director Kathryn Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal had released last week : "  This was a 10-year intelligence operation brought to the screen in a two-and-a-half-hour film . We depicted a variety of controversial practices and intelligence methods that were used in the name of finding bin Laden . The film shows that no single method was necessarily responsible for solving the manhunt , nor can any single scene taken in isolation fairly capture the totality of efforts the film dramatizes . One thing is clear : the single greatest factor in finding the world 's most dangerous man was the hard work and dedication of the intelligence professionals who spent years working on this global effort . We encourage people to see the film before characterizing it . " ` Zero Dark Thirty ' puts U.S. interrogation back in the spotlight "  Zero Dark Thirty " does indeed show many scenes of the various forms of sleuthing at the CIA that were necessary to track down al Qaeda 's leader . But the statement from the filmmakers does not address the fact that eight months ago , the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee had publicly said that based on an exhaustive investigation , there was no evidence that coercive interrogations helped lead to bin Laden 's courier -- which is clearly what the film suggests , no matter what retrospective gloss the filmmakers now wish to apply to the issue . Nor does the statement indicate if Sony plans to put a disclaimer at the beginning of "  Zero Dark Thirty " explaining that the role of coercive interrogations in tracking down bin Laden that is shown in the film is not supported by the facts . As I outlined in a piece on CNN.com 10 days ago assessing the role that coercive interrogations might have played in the hunt for bin Laden , about half an hour of the start of "  Zero Dark Thirty " consists of scenes of a bloodied al Qaeda detainee strung to the ceiling with ropes who is beaten ; forced to wear a dog collar while crawling around attached to a leash ; stripped naked in the presence of a female CIA officer ; blasted with heavy metal music so he is deprived of sleep ; forced to endure multiple crude waterboardings ; and locked into a coffin-like wooden crate . These are the scenes that will linger with filmgoers , far more than the scene in the movie where two CIA analysts discuss what will prove to be a key lead to bin Laden that surfaces in an old file . Brutal interrogations , of course , make for a better movie than a discussion at the office . It is only after systematic abuse by his CIA interrogators in "  Zero Dark Thirty " that the al Qaeda detainee is tricked into believing that he has already given up key information , and he starts cooperating and tells them about a man known as Abu Ahmed al-Kuwaiti , who ultimately proves to be bin Laden 's courier . Acting CIA director Michael Morell , in a letter to CIA employees on Friday , took strong exception to this portrayal of how bin Laden was found : "  The film creates the strong impression that the enhanced interrogation techniques that were part of our former detention and interrogation program were the key to finding Bin Ladin . That impression is false . As we have said before , the truth is that multiple streams of intelligence led CIA analysts to conclude that Bin Ladin was hiding in Abbottabad . Some came from detainees subjected to enhanced techniques , but there were many other sources as well . " "  Zero Dark Thirty " opened Wednesday in New York and Los Angeles and will open nationwide in the second week in January . Let 's hope that the attention that "  Zero Dark Thirty " has directed to the issue of what kind of intelligence was derived from the CIA 's coercive interrogations will help to put pressure on the White House and the CIA to release to the public as much as possible of the presently classified 6,000-page report by the Senate Intelligence Committee that examines this issue . _____________ Full disclosure : Along with other national security experts , as an unpaid adviser I screened an early cut of "  Zero Dark Thirty . " We advised that al Qaeda detainees held at secret CIA prison sites overseas were certainly abused , but they were not beaten to a pulp , as was presented in this early cut . Screenwriter Mark Boal told CNN as a result of this critique , some of the bloodier scenes were "  toned down " in the final cut . I also saw this final cut of the film . Finally , HBO is making a theatrical release documentary which will be out in 2013 based on my book about the hunt for bin Laden entitled "  Manhunt . " Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter .	Sens. Feinstein , McCain , Levin send letter calling new film "  grossly inaccurate " Letter adds to controversy over depiction of torture as a key to finding bin Laden , Bergen says Senate committee has approved 6,000-page classified report on CIA interrogations program Bergen says as much as possible of that report should be released to the public
CNN  -- For me , Chinese New Year used to be fun . When I was a kid , I was excited during Chinese New Year when I got lai see and I could stay up late . I even had access to candy , a once-a-year treat while living under the roof of my Tiger Mom . Riding strong on the sugar highs , I always thought to myself , this is what it must feel like to be an adult . I was flush , free and giddy . Then at some point in my twenties , Chinese New Year became a chore . Not any garden variety chore , but a cold-sweat-inducing family obligation that I try hard to avoid . As an adult , Chinese New Year is an annual nightmare , for the following reasons : 1 . I find it sucks when you are single Relatives feel that they have a right to judge you because you do share bits of DNA , so , really , it 's almost like they 're judging themselves . Typically , the extended family gathers for Chinese New Year and spends an inordinate amount of time together , during which people get bored and focus their restlessness on judging the younger generation , particularly those who are single . Singledom means a lack of responsibilities and responsibility-free people need to be reined in by the wisdom of elders , or they will be reckless with their directionless lives . Here are some unavoidable conversations at Chinese New Year . By "  conversations " I really mean monologues by one Wise Elder or another , fired away at a particular Single Younger in a trance-like manner : "  Why do n't you have a boyfriend ? If you have a boyfriend , why do n't you get married ? " "  Why are you not dieting at least a little bit ? Second Cousin Yong Yong will have to start bringing clothes from America for you . " "  What happened to your hair ? Blue is not such a good color for us Chinese people . " "  Are you saving up for an apartment ? Why not ? The most important thing in life is to have a roof over your head . You do n't want to be homeless , do you ? What if the economy collapses again ? At least you will have an apartment . " "  Why do n't you get a better paid job ? You are wasting your talent . You will regret your life . " 2 . I am employed I loved the great Chinese tradition of gifting lai see . Getting HK$ 20 for no reason other than tradition really rocked my seven-year-old world . I have an income now , so twenty bucks here and there does n't make a huge difference , but I still retain that childhood anticipation for the red packets . It 's just a bit disappointing when I open up an envelope and it is n't concealing a massive check . And it 's the guilt from feeling disappointed that makes me really hate Chinese New Year for making me hate myself . It 's just like being unable to conceal your letdown expression when unwrapping that pair of socks at Secret Santa parties . Gifting is a heartwarming tradition . It 's the thought that counts . I am not supposed to care . I am a bad person . There 's even worse . Chinese New Year gambling is just out of hand . Now that I have a job , I 'm expected to bet real money at The Mahjong Table , a no man 's land filled with hidden agendas , treacherous scheming and Janus-faced traitors . If you beat your elder relatives at mahjong one too many times , beware their wrath . It really hurts when you get hit by a mahjong tile . If you lose on purpose to your elders and are unable to skillfully conceal your purposefulness , you risk looking patronizing . It will put them in a bad mood and lead to a vengeful "  what are you doing with your life " interrogation later . See point number one . If you 're simply crap at the game , you lose a load of money and will probably be judged for being not very intelligent . See point number one again . 3 . I like good food When foreigners make jokes about Chinese eating weird foods , I cringe . When Chinese New Year comes around , I 'm the one making the damn jokes . At this time of year , we do get some incredible festive dishes . And then there are those odd ones that make you feel like the taste , texture and nutritional content of food have all become irrelevant -- we only eat for superstitions . Lots of Chinese New Year foods are auspicious in meaning , but atrocious in taste . I propose that we at least get rid of these three that are now out of touch with our lives : Chinese New Year cake Called "  leen go " in Cantonese  "  niangao " in mainland China  , the name sounds auspicious and means "  to progress more and reach higher every year . " The cake is made from glutionous rice , sugar and flavored with red bean paste or jujubes . Cut into thin slices , dip into beaten eggs and pan fry until it 's gooey on the inside and crisp on the outside . The problem is , no one makes these at home anymore and the store-bought version is bland and stodgy , like eating slices of caulking . Since glutinous rice is considered difficult to digest for the elderly , us Single Youngers who have nothing to lose are forced to finish the plateful . Sugared lotus seeds Back in the day -- before globalization brought us jelly beans and Sugus , before the invention of Coca-Cola , before Christopher Columbus brought cocoa beans to the Old World -- eating sugar-coated lotus seeds during Chinese New Year seemed like a good idea . Today , we have so many more delicious ways to feed our sweet tooth , so why do people still buy sugared lotus seeds ? They look like mothballs , taste one dimensional and feel like a marble of sand broken upon the tongue . The name "  leen tsi " sounds like "  to birth sons each year . " No one in the family likes to eat them and most of them already have kids , which means us Single Youngers have to swallow . Gok tsai These are deep-fried sweet dumplings . The skin is a thick , lifeless pastry made from lard , the filling is a mind-numbingly sweet blend of sugar and nuts . Its shape and color makes it , somewhat , resemble a gold ingot . Eating these symbolize prosperity for the new year . If I had to run a marathon , I might appreciate the fat bomb . But the only thing that I run are scripts on my browser . That point , like the others in this post , is lost on the Wise Elders , wise as they are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zoe Li . A former CNN employee , Zoe is a Hong Kong resident and edits the Hong Kong section of BLOUIN ARTINFO .	Zoe Li : As an adult , Chinese New Year is an annual nightmare It 's a time when relatives have the right to be judgmental Superstitious Chinese New Year foods often are n't that tasty
A crowd estimated at more than 10,000 people marched silently on a bitterly cold day through downtown Istanbul Thursday to commemorate the five year anniversary of the murder of an ethnic Armenian journalist Hrant Dink . They walked carrying a sea of black signs declaring "  We are all Hrant , we are all Armenian , " written in Turkish and Armenian . Police , who put the crowd estimate at 10,000 or more , blocked off traffic as the crowds moved towards the offices of the Armenian language Agos newspaper . On January 19 , 2007 , Dink , the newspaper 's editor in chief , was gunned down in broad daylight on the sidewalk outside the newspaper 's offices . Dink , in the opinion of observers , had been an eloquent spokesman for Turkey 's tiny minority of Armenians . A 17-year-old Turkish ultra nationalist soccer player was caught with the murder weapon and later convicted of the killing . But on Tuesday an Istanbul court attracted condemnation from members of the Dink family as well as human rights groups when 19 suspected accomplices in the murder where all acquitted of charges of being members of a terrorist organization that plotted the assassination . "  The verdict was not only a travesty of justice , it shows our justice system is simply political and does not work , " said newspaper columnist Asli Aydintasbas , as she marched along with her mother and thousands of others up Istanbul 's Cumhuriyet Caddesi , the broad boulevard where Dink was shot dead . "  So many journalists are in jail charged with terrorism only because of their writing , " Aydintasbas added , "  whereas the actual guys who killed a journalist and who had clear connections with state officials ... they 're not charged with terrorism . Some are even let go . " According to the Turkish Journalists Union there are currently more than 90 media workers behind bars , many of them facing charges of alleged membership in terrorist organizations and coup plots to overthrow the government . A Parliament member from Turkey 's ruling party added to the chorus of criticism Thursday in a newspaper column describing the trial as a "  disgrace . " "  Apart from offending our civic conscience and eroding our limited trust in justice in this country , Tuesday 's verdict is also an insult to this nation 's intelligence , " wrote lawmaker Suat Kiniklioglu in the English-language Today 's Zaman . "  Despite the clear evidence that confirms links with state officials both before and after Hrant 's murder , it is clear that the deep state wants this link to be covered up . " "  Deep state " is the term many Turks use to refer to alleged criminal networks within security forces and the government bureaucracy . Many members of the crowd of thousands carrying portraits of Dink on Thursday chanted "  fascist state . " Before his murder Dink was on trial for "  insulting Turkishness " because he referred to the World War I-era massacre of hundreds of thousands of ethnic Armenian as genocide . The Turkish government vehemently rejects using that term to refer to that bloody chapter of history . But while attracting the anger of Turkish ultra-nationalists , Dink was also outspoken in his defense of freedom of speech . Three months before his murder , Dink gave an interview to U.S. National Public Radio , in which he argued against a proposed law in France to make the denial of the Armenian genocide a crime . "  Those who use this Armenian issue as a political tool are massacring my people over and over again , " Dink said . In that October 2006 interview , Dink also warned that he had received multiple death threats . According to a prosecutor 's indictment , within days of Dink 's shooting , the chief murder suspect Ogun Samast , was caught by police in possession of the murder weapon and the white knit hat that he was filmed wearing by a security camera , positioned on the street where Dink was killed . After he was detained , several Turkish police officers filmed themselves treating Samast like a hero . A video that was later widely re-broadcast on Turkish television networks showed the officers posing alongside Samast , after positioning him prominently in front of a Turkish flag .	Hrant Dink was gunned down outside his newspaper in 2007 A scoccer player was convicted , but accused accomplices are set free Crowd of thousands calls for justice
Mashable  -- It was speculative before given the lack of independent confirmation , but now apparently Apple has gone on record to confirm that the original deal signed with AT&T for iPhone exclusivity back in 2007 was a five-year deal . That means at least some legal hoops would need jumping through if we 're ever going to see that oft-rumored Verizon iPhone before 2012 . Engadget reports that court documents filed by Apple in a California class-action suit confirm the original AT&T exclusivity deal had a five-year duration . The suit , ongoing since 2007 , claims that Apple and AT&T were exerting a monopoly over iPhone service by surreptitiously locking iPhone buyers into renewing contracts with AT&T once their initial two years was up . On the flip side , there are a number of reasons such a contract might be amended or canceled , so it 's not exactly a total given that the iPhone wo n't appear on another carrier before 2012 . But given the original terms , it could require some tricky negotiation or legal fancy footwork to get there . Moreover , the class-action suit also alleges an illegal monopoly over the iPhone App Store , which the court ruled substantial enough to move forward . On both fronts then -- consumer market and legal proceedings -- it will be fascinating to watch for further details on when the AT&T iPhone exclusivity curtain might drop or even be forcibly struck down . Do you think we 'll see the iPhone come to another carrier before 2012 ? © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple signed a five-year deal with AT&T for iPhone exclusivity back in 2007 , court documents show Lawsuit claims that Apple and AT&T exerted a monopoly over iPhone service But the iPhone could possibly still appear on another carrier before 2012
Buffalo , New York  CNN  -- The rubble that blankets much of Port-au-Prince delivers the deadly verdict on decades of inadequate construction in my home nation . My siblings were spared ; their house was not destroyed , but my apartment back home collapsed . The destruction is of stupefying proportion . My heart cries out to my Haitian brothers and sisters who are enduring so much . I had long known that Haiti was vulnerable -- it had been hit before , in 1751 , 1771 and 1842 . I anticipated that if it happened again , damages and loss of life would be substantial , due to the poor quality of the built environment . Some local and foreign scientists were talking about the eventuality of a major quake , but not enough attention was paid to their warnings , and eventually many saw it as only a remote possibility . I decided to study earthquake engineering , hoping that I would have time to get the education in designing against earthquakes , would get hands-on experience , share the knowledge with engineers back home , and advocate for the adoption of building codes and the integration of sound design criteria against such occurrences . Sadly , I ran out of time . I know that it is critical that my country now examine what steps ought to be taken to prevent such massive loss of life in the future . This is my humble contribution to this process . Much has been written about why the earthquake flattened whole communities . There was the flouting , or just ignorance , of international building codes developed by engineers to provide a framework in construction engineering and design , especially important in a country so susceptible to what we call "  multiple hazards " -- earthquakes , hurricanes , storm surges , tsunami . No such building code exists in Haiti . There was the low-cost unreinforced masonry , or barely reinforced concrete structures that have dominated Haiti 's landscape ; the anarchic construction that flourished in tightly-packed Port-au-Prince , suffocating the city and further deteriorating its already degraded environment as builders frantically mined and extracted construction materials from its mountainsides . There was construction in obviously unsuitable areas , such as wetlands and unstable and eroded mountain flanks -- structures there could not possibly sustain the large deformation imposed by the earthquake . They collapsed without warning . Very few buildings were designed by architects and engineers ; most were built with no construction standards -- by wealthy and poor alike . Enforcement of construction permits and site inspections has been lax . Hardly any structure met the minimum requirements to resist the type of horizontal force generated by an earthquake of that magnitude . The ones still standing may just be lucky . As tragic as this event is , it is also an opportunity to start from scratch and rebuild the country in a planned and orderly fashion . This calls for a comprehensive urban-development plan . There must be an emphasis on the development of model cities in Haiti , which may intelligently , yet safely , integrate architectural local features -- such as building façades mimicking the fretted wood and intricate latticework that ornamented traditional "  gingerbread " houses favored by tourists in the 1950s -- to lure visitors and stoke an economic rebirth . The government also must adopt and enforce a comprehensive set of construction codes and regulations with a multi-hazard focus . Engineers must think globally while designing and building structures that protect life in such an array of hazards . Multi-hazard engineering is emerging as a cost-effective solution to engineering design and construction issues in countries like Haiti , where several natural or man-made hazards are involved . And while it is a new concept that has n't been widely applied yet  it 's an approach championed at my university , and by the federally funded Multidisciplinary Center for Earthquake Engineering Research , or MCEER  , this multi-hazard focus is imperative in our case . Haiti 's building codes must be based on existing , well-tested research and emphasize the necessity for peer-reviewed design as an embedded layer of safety in the design process . For reasons of proximity and the role that the United States is playing in the earthquake 's aftermath , it would be reasonable for Haiti to base building codes on those used in the U.S. and in American territories like Puerto Rico , which share similar exposure and vulnerability , for example , to annual tropical storms or earthquakes . Beyond this , the Haitian authorities must provide the local and international private sectors with incentives to invest in the development of affordable housing for the survivors , through tax cuts or tax payment deferments and by making public lands available during the reconstruction efforts . These housing projects would put people back to work and support the housing market , as realtors and financial institutions will be needed . They would also provide hands-on experience to local engineers , who will need help from the international community as they learn skills required for designing multi-hazard structures to code , while providing a basis to hold them accountable in case of gross malpractice . This financial and intellectual collaboration can extend to developing a curriculum in multi-hazard engineering that can be required in engineering schools both in private and state institutions in Haiti , and sanctioned by standardized mandatory certification tests for graduating engineers and in educational sessions for practicing engineers . Of course , a wider reconstruction project must include the new development of lifelines that provide vital emergency response and recovery : health care facilities , communication , electric power , liquid fuel , natural gas , transportation  airports , highways , ports , rail and transit  , water , and wastewater . This is critical , considering that the rescue efforts on the ground right now are hindered by the damage sustained by many of those systems . In the wake of such destruction , the construction sector can be the main driver for sustainable economic development in Haiti . While it should n't have taken such a horrific event to get there , this can be a way to pay tribute to the Haitian people who have demonstrated such resilience in adversity , and to give hope to the families of the countless loved ones who have lost their lives or are injured . Reversing the course of this catastrophe is going to be a Herculean task , requiring intense resources and a multidisciplinary approach with a strong multi-hazard focus . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pierre Fouche .	Haitian Pierre Fouche says he studied earthquake engineering in anticipation of such a disaster He says Haiti 's buildings are terribly designed to resist quake damage Haiti needs comprehensive urban-planning approach in reconstruction , he says Fouche : To rebuild , need multi-hazard engineering , strict codes , education and money
Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani schoolgirl who survived an attack by the Taliban , on Monday appealed to Boko Haram militants in Nigeria to lay down their weapons and "  stop misusing the name of Islam . " Malala is visiting Nigeria in support of an estimated 276 girls kidnapped by Boko Haram from their school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria on April 14 . Boko Haram , whose name roughly translates as "  Western education is a sin " in the local Hausa language , is trying to impose Sharia law across Nigeria and especially opposes the education of women . Malala has been an outspoken supporter of girls ' education . In 2012 , her views made her the target of the Pakistan Taliban , which tried to assassinate the then-15-year-old as she traveled home from school . She survived and a year later launched the nonprofit Malala Fund , aimed at empowering girls through education . In 2013 , the United Nations declared Malala 's birthday , July 12 , Malala Day as she addressed the U.N. General Assembly in New York . This year she is in Nigeria for Malala Day , which is being celebrated Monday , two days after her 17th birthday . Over the weekend , Malala met some of the schoolgirls who managed to escape Boko Haram and the families of the more than 200 girls still missing . Outrage at the mass abduction inspired the social media campaign #BringBackOurGirls , with Malala among the global faces photographed holding a sign with the hashtag . She met with Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on Monday in the capital , Abuja . Nigerians and others have accused the government of not acting swiftly or efficiently enough to protect the girls who were abducted from Chibok . But the military has defended its response saying its soldiers have to enforce a state of emergency across Borno state , where Chibok is situated -- an area of more than 90,000 square kilometers  34,750 square miles  . After her meeting with Jonathan , CNN asked Malala if he had said whether any progress had been made in finding the girls . "  As you all know , in politics nothing is clear . In the circumstances nothing is clear really , but the President did make promises , and the President said that he feels that these girls are his daughters , " Malala said . She added that Jonathan had said he would meet the parents of kidnapped girls and provide support to those who had escaped Boko Haram . Jonathan told Malala that the government "  was definitely doing everything possible to ensure that the girls were rescued alive and safely returned to their parents , " his office said in a statement . "  Terror is relatively new here and dealing with it has its challenges . The great challenge in rescuing the Chibok girls is the need to ensure that they are rescued alive , " he said . "  We have had teams from the United States , Britain , France , Israel and other friendly nations working with us here on the rescue effort and they all appreciate the challenges and the need to thread carefully to achieve our purpose . " Jonathan also thanked Malala for "  your efforts to change the world positively through your powerful advocacy for girl-child education , " the statement said . Malala later gave a speech to mark Malala Day to an audience that included advocates from the #BringBackOurGirls campaign and some of the schoolgirls who had escaped Boko Haram . Malala said she had told the President : "  You need to fulfill your responsibilities . " She also issued an appeal to the militants . "  I ask Boko Haram to stop misusing the name of Islam , " she said . "  Lay down your weapons , release your sisters , release my sisters and release the daughters of this nation . " A country "  becomes powerful when its people become educated , " she said . "  Let us not forget that one book , one pen , one child and one teacher can change the world . " In May , Malala told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that women were targeted by those who feared a society in which women are empowered . Malala 's activism started after the Taliban banned girls from schools in Pakistan 's Swat Valley in 2009 . She anonymously blogged for the BBC in opposition to that order and became an open advocate for girls ' education . In 2011 , Malala told CNN , "  I have the right of education . I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . " A year later , she was riding the bus home from school when a Taliban gunman climbed aboard and shot her in the head , nearly killing her . Since then , Malala has continued advocating for girls ' education despite ongoing death threats from the Taliban .	Malala Yousafzai is in Nigeria in support of more than 200 girls abducted by Boko Haram Malala meets President Goodluck Jonathan in capital , makes Malala Day speech Over the weekend , Malala met relatives of some of the missing girls and some who escaped The advocate for girls ' education survived a Taliban assassination attempt in Pakistan in 2012
Libertarian-leaning Sen. Rand Paul is the most popular Republican among the crowded list of potential presidential candidates in New Hampshire , according to a new CNN/ORC poll out Monday . The same poll finds that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has a commanding lead among potential Democratic candidates in the Granite State . The Kentucky senator -- who has made three trips to New Hampshire , the first primary state , in recent months -- garnered 15 % of support among registered Republicans and Independents likely to vote in the 2016 Republican primary . But with a margin of error of 5 percentage points , Paul 's lead is negligible . The rest of the crowd is close behind . Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and 2012 Republican vice presidential nominee Rep. Paul Ryan each obtained 10 % of support . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee follow closely along with 9 % . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and 2012 Republican candidate Rick Santorum , who have not been as active on the presidential circuit , round out the pack of 12 potential candidates with 3 % support . As for the Democratic race , Clinton has a commanding lead among registered Democrats and Independents likely to vote in the 2016 Democratic primary . Clinton , who made her first trip to Iowa in more than six years over the weekend , had 60 % of support in the New Hampshire poll . New Hampshire Senate race in dead heat Far behind Clinton are Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Vice President Joe Biden , with 11 % and 8 % respectively . On the Republican side , this is the second poll where both Huckabee and Ryan sit near the top of the pack . In a poll CNN conducted in Iowa last week , Huckabee , who has a strong relationship with religious conservatives in Iowa , led with 21 % and Ryan registered second with 12 % . The rest of the candidates had single-digit support . CNN 's Iowa poll also showed that Clinton had a commanding lead with 53 % support among registered Democrats . Fresh start for Hillary in Iowa or deja vu ? Hillary Clinton stumps for Iowa Democrats , and herself	Rand Paul gets 15 % of support among New Hampshire Republicans , Independents But margin of error in new CNN/ORC poll means that lead is negligible Hillary Clinton has 60 % of support among Democrats , Independents in the state
TBILISI , Georgia  CNN  -- The number of people displaced by the warfare in Georgia is approaching 100,000 and the figure could rise , the U.N. refugee agency said Monday . Thousands of people have been displaced by the worsening conflict in the region . International agencies and nations were working to help thousands of people fleeing violence in war-ravaged Georgia , where 275,000 previously displaced people , refugees , stateless people and returnees had been living even before hostilities broke out last week between Georgia and Russia . "  It 's a very fluid situation , " said Ron Redmond , a spokesman for the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . Georgia proper is a particular problem because some of the people who fled to Gori in Georgia from South Ossetia when the conflict began found themselves in a conflict zone and had to go somewhere else . The numbers Redmond cited were as of Sunday . He said about 56,000 people have fled in and around Gori . Many displaced people are headed to Tbilisi , where people are staying with relatives and acquaintances or at facilities available for the displaced . Watch U.S. and Russia clash " The UNHCR said in a written statement that Georgian officials believe "  a few thousand have fled south into Georgia proper from South Ossetia , but a registration must be carried out to get an exact figure . " When UNHCR and World Food Program officials traveled to Gori on Sunday , they determined about 80 percent of residents had left the city , which appeared largely deserted . About 30,000 people from South Ossetia headed to North Ossetia in Russia , Redmond said , citing Russian numbers . He said many women and children are showing up without husbands and fathers , indicating many families have been separated . Many of the uprooted are "  extremely distressed , " he said . They are staying in schools and other public buildings . Those in schools will have to leave by September and "  there 's some concern about where they are going to . " "  It 's assumed that many will probably go back " to South Ossetia , Redmond said . At the same time , he said , "  There 's been heavy destruction . Many may not have anything to go back to . " Redmond said more displacement is possible because hostilities are continuing in the area . The World Food Program is providing food assistance to displaced people . It said the aid work is perilous because of what the agency says are "  continuing Russian air raids . " Over the weekend , the agency "  provided a 10-day food ration to more than 1,900 displaced people living in shelters " in the Georgian capital , Tbilisi , and said more distributions were taking place Monday . "  The number of people in need of our help is rising by the hour , " said Lola Castro , director of the WFP for Georgia . She said around 2,750 displaced people had been registered in Tbilisi , and others "  were living with relatives or in unofficial shelters . " UNHCR is working to help civilians fleeing the war zone in and near the disputed region of South Ossetia , where Russian and Georgian troops have been fighting , and is providing humanitarian relief . Over the weekend , the UNHCR and associates passed along aid to "  300 vulnerable Georgians from South Ossetia who had been transferred from Gori to Tbilisi . " "  The agency also provided tents and other supplies to partners in Gori for use by the displaced , if necessary , " the UNHCR said . The UNHCR said it is starting an "  emergency airlift of relief supplies to bolster its stockpiles of humanitarian aid in the Caucasus region . " High Commissioner Antonio Guterres authorized $ 2 million from UNHCR 's emergency reserve for "  possible immediate new needs in the region " and said more staff is being deployed . The first airlift flight is to tote 20,000 blankets and other aid items from UNHCR 's central emergency stockpile in Dubai to Georgia overnight Monday . Another flight is planned for Wednesday from Copenhagen , Denmark . There will be humanitarian supplies for up to 30,000 people in both flights . The UNHCR is planning to provide "  basic non-food aid items and temporary shelter where required , and has already activated the replenishment of stocks from its central emergency stockpile . " "  Our main concern as the U.N. refugee agency is with the safety of the civilians , both displaced and non-displaced , and with humanitarian access with the possibility for us to help those in distress , especially the uprooted , " said Antonio Guterres , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . "  We have mobilized our financial resources and our humanitarian resources . Airlifts are starting with relief items to be able to help people . But we need to be able to get to them . " Guterres said he was pleased with the news that "  humanitarian corridors " will be established and said UNHCR is "  ready to provide immediate humanitarian support to Georgian or Russian authorities . " Both Russia and Georgia mentioned plans for such corridors -- one to North Ossetia in Russia and one to Georgia . The ICRC said a surgical team will be arriving in Georgia on Tuesday "  to reinforce local surgical staff , in particular those working at Gori 's civilian hospital . The Norwegian Red Cross is sending a field hospital to help treat people who have been wounded in Georgia . " That would include those in the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali . "  Over the past few days the ICRC has been able to visit hospitals in Alaguir , Ardon and Vladikavkaz , in the Russian Federation , and in Gori , Poti and Senaki in Georgia , " said Dominik Stillhart , the organization 's deputy director of operations . "  It 's still too early to say how many people have been killed or injured by the fighting , but our visits to these hospitals confirm that local medical facilities are dealing with a large number of wounded and dead . " The ICRC is hoping to distribute blankets , hygiene materials and cooking pots , and restore access to drinking water in Tskhinvali . The group plans to work with the Russian Red Cross in North Ossetia and provide emergency aid for families . The group is preparing to airlift 15 tons of medicines and medical supplies to treat injured people . The ICRC plans to send material "  for a water-treatment plant and distribution tanks capable of holding safe drinking water for around 20,000 people . " CNN 's Joe Sterling and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Almost 100,000 people displaced by warfare , says U.N. refugee agency Relief agency : aid work is perilous because of "  continuing Russian air raids . " UNHCR is starting an "  emergency airlift of relief supplies " Russian figures in N. Ossetia show 30,000 people entered from S. Ossetia
CNN  -- Joshua Macabuag is a 23 year-old recent graduate of the University of Oxford 's Pembroke College . Josh , as he prefers to be called , studied civil engineering and achieved some of the highest marks in his class . "  Josh is a very brilliant chap , " remarked one of his professors . Josh got interested in relief and development work during his second year at school and has already spent one summer abroad in Japan , where he worked with Japan Railways . He loves to travel and perhaps it 's his wanderlust that 's motivated him to take the next year off and travel to Jozini , South Africa . But it wo n't be an easy year . Jozini is a small town in northeastern KwaZulu-Natal Province on the main route to Mozambique . It is one of the most impoverished areas of South Africa , but is also surrounded by a massive dam , game preserves and two majestic mountain ranges . Josh , who speaks some Spanish and has taught himself Japanese , will now focus on learning some Zulu . He 's teamed up with the charity Engineers Without Borders , and plans to put his education to use and get some practical experience in the field . Josh will be working on a new sports complex in Jozini , a facility that will double as an educational facility for local youths . The idea is to replace a dilapidated , existing facility with a new one that will be self-sustaining and provide the community with a way of generating income as well as prepare area kids for a career . There probably wo n't be much free time for squash and the martial arts that Josh normally enjoys , but it 's certain new talents will emerge over the next year during Josh 's time abroad . E-mail to a friend	Joshua Macabuag will report on his experiences in Jozini , South Africa He will work with the charity Engineers Without Borders With EWB he will help build a new sports complex for the town
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli media went into one of its periodic feeding frenzies this week over reports that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's oldest son Yair has a non-Jewish girlfriend . Gentile media around the world gleefully reported the faux hand-wringing in Israel . In a world in which hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of Jews are in some level of "  romantic involvement , " with non-Jews , Yair Netanyahu 's love life is , by any rational standard , a non-story . In America today , more than four out of five marriages involving non-Orthodox Jews are intermarriages , according to a survey by Pew Research Center . So why would anyone profess to be distressed by Yair Netanyahu 's alleged romantic interests ?  The PM 's bureau , incidentally , issued a statement that Yair and the Norwegian woman identified as his girlfriend are nothing more than study partners at the Herziliya Interdisciplinary Center . The Jews are a small and ancient people . Their continued existence , despite the rise of those determined to destroy them in every generation , is history 's most prolonged miracle . Even today , Israel is the only country in the developed world not on the path of demographic suicide , in which elderly retirees will nearly equal younger workers in the foreseeable future . For believing Jews , Jewish survival reflects God 's choice of the Jewish people to be the primary vehicle through which He reveals himself to the world . Jews have held fast to that relationship for more than three millennia . Across the globe and in every historical period , great scholars and simple peasants have willingly given their lives rather than give up their relationship with God . When a Jewish male marries a non-Jew , that unbroken , millennial chain of ancestors is severed for good . His children are not considered Jewish in Jewish law . And if a Jewish woman marries a non-Jewish man , it is virtually guaranteed statistically that her offspring will cease to be Jewish within one or two generations . In America , three-quarters of children of intermarriage marry Gentiles . In America , three-quarters of children of intermarriage marry Gentiles . Only 14 % of intermarried homes describe their religious orientation has primarily Jewish , according to the sociologist Bruce Phillips during the mid-1990s , and 60 % of those have Christmas trees . Bluntly , the non-Orthodox segments of the Jewish people outside of Israel will cease to exist in one or two generations through intermarriage . The end of so many family lines extending back to antiquity provokes sadness . Yet intermarriage is the consequence rather than the cause of a more fundamental change . Most modern Jews have lost connection with the distinctive beliefs and practices that have always characterized the Jewish people , in particular the belief that the Jewish people were chosen for a unique historical mission . Without the belief in a particular purpose for the Jewish people , it makes perfect sense to look for marriage partners from among those with shared political views or tastes in movies . The real tragedy is that "  Jewish " constitutes such a small part of the self-identity of most Jews today . What Orthodox Jews mourn when their assimilated brethren intermarry is the finality of a step that cuts off them and their offspring of from the possibility of rediscovering what it means to be a Jew . Size is not a Jewish standard of measure . The Bible itself promises that we will be the smallest of the nations . But the loss of any Jew is nevertheless a tragedy . For at Sinai , the Jewish people were not only given a collective mission . Each soul that stood there or would descend from those who stood at Sinai was created with the potential to reveal , within the framework of the Torah 's commandments , some aspect of God by virtue of his or her unique combination of talents and challenges to be overcome and particular familial and historical situation . The loss of that potential is a diminution of the entire Jewish people . Many non-Jews , and increasingly many Jews as well , find Judaism 's stress on endogamy to be racist . That 's nonsense . Membership in the Jewish people is open to any human being who is willing to take on the same commitment as those who stood at Sinai . Judaism does not sanctify gene pools but rather commitment to a mission . One need not be Jewish to serve God . Judaism is unique among major monotheistic religions in not viewing eternal reward as contingent on becoming Jewish . Yet Jews have always believed that they were chosen for a unique mission . For those in whom that sense of historical mission still burns the case for endogamy is a matter not just of Jewish law but logic . A sense of mission -- especially one that has always entailed a high price , along with its rewards -- can only be transmitted consistently from generation to generation by two parents who share a common vision . The decision to marry only another Jew is one to make shared spiritual goals paramount in one 's marriage . Do n't all religions advocate the same , according to their specific beliefs ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Rosenblum .	Son of Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu reported to have non-Jewish girlfriend Jonathan Rosenblum says children of intermarriage are not considered Jewish in Jewish law Jews have always believed they were chosen for a unique mission , Rosenblum argues
CNN  -- When traveling , some countries just do n't like you . Or at least , it can certainly feel that way . A new report , put out earlier this month by the World Economic Forum , has ranked which countries roll out the welcome mat to travelers and which give the cold shoulder . The "  Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Report 2013 " ranked 140 countries according to attractiveness and competitiveness in the travel and tourism industries . Unwelcoming Among the extensive analyses , one of the most interesting rankings was how welcome tourists are in each country , under the category "  Attitude of population toward foreign visitors . " And the world 's most unfriendly country , according to the data ? Bolivia took the dubious honor , scoring a 4.1 out of seven on a scale of "  very unwelcome "  0  to "  very welcome "  7  . Venezuela and the Russian Federation were next . Interestingly , despite their huge tourist arrivals , South Korea and China tied with four other countries for the eighth least friendly spot . At the other end of the scale , Iceland and New Zealand were ranked the world 's most welcoming nations for visitors . You can see a top 10 for friendliest and unfriendliest at the bottom of this article . Strengths and weaknesses The "  friendly " ranking was just one aspect of the report , analyzing each country 's competitiveness in travel and tourism . That competitiveness is "  based on the extent to which they are putting in place the factors and policies to make it attractive to develop the travel and tourism sector . " In the overall Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Index , Europe was the top region with the first five positions all held by European countries . Switzerland , Germany and Austria were the top three in that order . Switzerland has headed the ranking since the index began five years ago . Excellent tourism infrastructure and facilities , business travel appeal , sustainable development of natural resources and rich cultural resources were among the key factors in landing the highest positions in the rankings . Safety/security , underdeveloped infrastructure and concerns about sustainable development were among the factors bringing down countries ' competitiveness . Haiti scored the lowest on the competitiveness index . The United States  6th  topped the combined Americas , Singapore  10th  just pushed out Australia and New Zealand to lead the Asia Pacific region , the United Arab Emirates  28th  was the highest performer in the Middle East and the Seychelles  38th  overtook Mauritius to head Africa . The report emphasized the need for continued development in the travel and tourism sector particularly for its role in job creation in a relatively stagnant global economy . The industry currently accounts for one in 11 jobs in the world . The report used data compiled from the World Economic Forum 's Executive Opinion Survey and hard data from private sources and national and international agencies and organizations such as the ICAO , IATA , UNWTO , World Bank/International Finance Corporation , IUCN , WHO and UNESCO . Who are the world 's best tourists ? The world 's coolest nationalities : Where do you rank ? Attitude of population toward foreign visitors 1 = very unwelcome ; 7 = very welcome Friendliest 1 . Iceland 6.8 2 . New Zealand 6.8 3 . Morocco 6.7 4 . Macedonia , FYR 6.7 5 . Austria 6.7 6 . Senegal 6.7 7 . Portugal 6.6 8 . Bosnia and Herzegovina 6.6 9 . Ireland 6.6 10 . Burkina Faso 6.6 Unfriendliest 1 . Bolivia 4.1 2 . Venezuela 4.5 3 . Russian Federation 5.0 4 . Kuwait 5.2 5 . Latvia 5.2 6 . Iran 5.2 7 . Pakistan 5.3 8 . Slovak Republic 5.5 9 . Bulgaria 5.5 10 . Mongolia 5.5 How do your travel experiences compare with this ranking ?	World 's unfriendliest country towards tourists is Bolivia Foreign visitors feel most welcome in Iceland and New Zealand Rankings part of WEF 's Travel & Tourism Competitiveness Report 2013 Switzerland again the most competitive country
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Rapper Nicki Minaj and Australian country singer Keith Urban will join the "  American Idol " judges panel when the TV competition 's 12th season starts in January , the Fox network said Sunday . The panel is growing from three to four judges next season , with singer Mariah Carey , hired in July , and "  Idol " original Randy Jackson sitting with Minaj and Urban , the network said . The judges immediately jumped into action Sunday , auditioning singers at New York 's Lincoln Center . Rocker Steven Tyler and singer Jennifer Lopez left the show at the end of last season , after judging for two seasons . Jackson 's return was made official after weeks of speculation he would move to a mentor role on the show . Earlier speculation also included the names of Latin singer Enrique Iglesias and former "  Idol " contestant Adam Lambert as possible judges . The official announcement noted Minaj 's "  unique performance style and iconic fashion . " "  Minaj became the first female solo artist to have seven singles simultaneously on the Billboard Hot 100 chart , " it said . Minaj , 29 , "  represents a different side of the music industry , who has now crossed into mainstream culture with her unique artistry , style and flair , " Cecile Frot-Coutaz , the CEO of "  Idol " owner FremantleMedia , said . Urban , 44 , is a four-time Grammy Award winner and has recorded 14 songs that topped the country music charts . He 's "  one of country music 's true stars who brings with him charm , wit and knowledge about the industry , " Frot-Coutaz said . "  It 's really an honor to have been invited to be a part of the ` American Idol ' family , " Urban said in a statement to CNN Sunday.Â "  I 'm looking forward to working with everyone and to seeing the same passion that I have for music in all of the participants . " Simon Cowell tweets Randy Jackson ` back on Idol ' ' X Factor ' premiere : What 's the verdict ? CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : The new judges audition contestants at New York 's Lincoln Center Sunday The judges ' panel grows to four judges next season Mariah Carey and "  Idol " original Randy Jackson will sit with Minaj and Urban Rocker Steven Tyler and singer Jennifer Lopez left the show at the end of last season
CNN  -- Pull yourself up a chair  "  Like Chairy ! "  , because everyone 's favorite nasal-voiced man-child in the red bow tie and too-small gray suit is back . "  I know you are , but what am I ? " Earlier this week , "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " was released on Blu-ray by Shout ! Factory . The restoration of the series was truly a labor of love for Paul Reubens -- the creator and alter-ego of the Pee-wee Herman character . Reubens personally supervised the frame-by-frame remastering of the original 16mm film -- a yearlong project . The set includes all 45 episodes , over four hours of all-new bonus features , and the beloved Christmas special . It 's hard to believe that "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " -- the critically-acclaimed , whip-smart show that garnered 22 Emmy Awards -- actually got its start as a parody of children 's television shows . Reubens drew inspiration from the shows he loved as a child , such as "  The Howdy-Doody Show , " "  Captain Kangaroo " and "  The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show . " The character of Pee-wee originated in Reubens ' stage show , "  The Pee-wee Herman Show " at The Groundlings theater in Los Angeles , later transferred to The Roxy theater and was turned into a 1981 HBO special . The stage show garnered Reubens a deal for the 1985 feature film "  Pee-wee 's Big Adventure , " which was directed by then-newcomer Tim Burton ; which led to the TV series . Premiering on CBS in 1986 , "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " was a modified , made-for-kids version of the stage show . It became appointment television right out of the gate . Children , parents and even college students could n't wait for Saturday mornings with the mischievous , fun-loving , obnoxious , sweet , curious , hyperactive Pee-wee Herman . In one of the interviews featured in the Blu-ray extras , executive producer Richard Abramson recalled that on the morning of September 13 , 1986 , the day the show premiered , CBS still had n't seen the pilot . The network had been begging for a screener for weeks , but Abramson , Reubens and staff were editing the episode down to the wire . Abramson hand-delivered the final product to CBS at 6:45 a.m. . It was broadcast at 9 a.m. That 's not to say that the "  Playhouse " crew was lax in any way , shape or form . On the contrary , the series ' attention to detail was one of the attributes that made it so special . These were the pre-digital art days , and "  Playhouse " featured a mind-boggling medley of Claymation , stop-motion animation , cartoon animation and live action including puppetry . All the artwork was either hand-painted , hand-drawn or sculpted . As if that was n't quite enough art , the show was shot on film . Clocking in at just under two-and-a-half minutes , the "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " theme song was , and remains , exceptionally long . It opened with a Claymation beaver and slowly segued into the hyper-fast song , sung by Cyndi Lauper under the pseudonym "  Ellen Shaw , " then name-checked every inhabitant of the Playhouse . Most household items were alive , from the windows to the flowers to the floor to the ham in the fridge . There was also the wacky Magic Screen  which feared the dentist and was a cousin of Magic Johnson  , Conky the robot  who provided each day 's secret word  , Globey the globe , Clocky the clock and Chairy the chair . Humans who dropped by the Playhouse included Miss Yvonne , Cowboy Curtis and Reba the mail lady , among many others . Some of the other Playhouse regulars were Jambi the genie , Pterri the Pterodactyl and the Puppet Band . As educational as it was artistic and offbeat , "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " contained enough double-entendres to keep the adults chuckling , and it sure was n't afraid to be just plain silly . One of the running Pee-wee jokes was the "  why do n't you marry it ? " comeback in which someone would proclaim their love for something , and Pee-wee or another character would challenge the person with the aforementioned retort . In the season-two slumber party episode , Pee-wee did , in fact , marry a bowl of fruit salad . Pee-wee : "  Mmm ! Fruity ! I love fruit salad ! " Slumber party attendees in unison : "  Then why do n't you marry it ! " Pee-wee : "  All right then . I will . " Smash-cut to Pee-wee and a bowl of fruit salad  wearing a veil  saying vows and sealing it with a kiss . Paul Reubens had total creative control over "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse , " and he also insisted on a racially and ethnically diverse cast and crew . Much of the early staff had never worked in TV before . Most were still in film or art school or had just graduated . During the summer of 1987 , one-day-to-be Academy Award-nominated director John Singleton was a security guard on the set who occasionally took on "  Playhouse " production assistant gigs . At the time , he was a film school student at the University of Southern California . Laurence Fishburne  Cowboy Curtis  recalled Singleton telling him about the screenplay he was writing , and that he would one day direct Fishburne in a film . The script Singleton was working on became 1991 's "  Boyz n the Hood . " True to his word , the young director fought , and won , for Fishburne to play the now-iconic role of Furious Styles . "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " ended its original run in November 1990 and since then , it 's been a mixed bag . There was Reubens ' shocking 1991 arrest , his triumphant return as Pee-wee later that year at the MTV Awards and then , not much . More recently , 2010 's popular "  The Pee-wee Herman Show on Broadway " was turned into an HBO special and now it seems like the Pee-wee machine is kicking into high gear . Reubens told Rolling Stone this week that a big announcement about a new Pee-wee movie is "  imminent . " Today , "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " is a pop culture staple . A cult favorite , it taught lessons in an off-the-wall way that was rooted in never , ever talking down to kids . The points Reubens really wanted to get across were : Do n't repress your creativity , never stop asking questions , and it 's OK to let your freak flag fly . Above all , however , he wanted to make children laugh .	"  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " debuted on Blu-ray this week The cult classic ran for 45 episodes on CBS from 1986-1991 , netting 22 Emmy Awards Paul Reubens originally created , and portrayed , the character in a stage show
Iraqi security forces have regained control of the area of Jurf al-Sakhar , a town south of Baghdad , Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said Saturday , as they battle to keep ISIS militants in check . In a post on Facebook , al-Abadi saluted the efforts made by Iraqi forces to liberate the area and said they "  have inflicted a strong blow to the terrorist organization ISIS . " Jurf al-Sakhar is on the outskirts of Hilla and is a mixed Sunni-Shiite area . The town was also the site of intense fighting in June between Iraqi forces and ISIS over the control of a military facility , where an infantry brigade is based , Iraqi security officials said . Farther north , Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga forces have liberated the northern Iraqi town of Zumar , west of the Mosul Dam , and its surroundings , according to the ruling party of the Kurdish Regional Government and Iraqi state TV . "  Zumar is controlled by the Peshmerga forces . ISIS completely evacuated it , " Sheikh Ahmad Mohammad , a Peshmerga commander , told Kurdish news agency Rudaw . Specialized teams subsequently moved into the town to defuse all rigged homes and booby traps that ISIS left behind , Peshmerga operations commander in Mosul Sa'eed Mamzayn told CNN . Peshmerga forces also regained control of 10 villages around Zumar and killed 81 ISIS fighters , Heman Hawrami , head of the Kurdistan Democratic Party Foreign Relations Office , said via Twitter . Airstrikes pummel ISIS The U.S. military said 10 coalition airstrikes had been carried out against ISIS forces Friday and Saturday west of the Mosul Dam , destroying five ISIS units , a building used by the group and several fighting positions . Another coalition airstrike struck a large ISIS unit southeast of the Mosul Dam , according to the U.S. Central Command . Altogether , 22 airstrikes have targeted the Sunni extremist group in Iraq since Friday . ISIS took control of Zumar back in August when Peshmerga troops were forced to pull out after being surrounded by ISIS militants and being isolated from any support , Kurdistan Democratic Party regional official Ismat Rajab told CNN . Kobani awaits Peshmerga reinforcements News of the reported gains against ISIS in Iraq comes as Kurdish forces in Syria continue to battle ISIS for control of the Kurdish town of Kobani , known in Arabic as Ayn al-Arab . Clashes could be heard in the border town Saturday , but the Kurdish defenders appear to be holding their ground against ISIS as the militants seek to regain territory . There 's been heavy fighting this week around Tal Shair , a strategic hill to the west of Kobani , as well as to the south and east of the city . Turkey has said it will allow Kurdish Peshmerga forces from Iraq to pass through its territory into Syria to join the fight for Kobani , which lies on the Syrian-Turkish border . Saleh Muslim , chair of the PYD , a Kurdish poitical party in northern Syria , told CNN that the Peshmerga and his party finalized their pact Friday night and fighters could enter Kobani Saturday evening or Sunday . The precise timing is unclear and dependent on part on Turkish permission , he said , adding that the armed wing of the PYD may also influence the timing in Kobani , the site of fierce fighting . As many as 150 fighters could be allowed in , but it 's not yet clear exactly how many or when the reinforcements will arrive . One fighter in Kobani told CNN they could come as soon as Saturday night . There was one U.S. airstrike in Syria from Friday to Saturday , against an ISIS artillery piece near Kobani , U.S. Central Command said .	Official : Peshmerga clear booby traps from once ISIS-occupied Iraqi town PM says Iraqi security forces have retaken Jurf al-Sakhar , south of Baghdad U.S. military says it has carried out 22 airstrikes in Iraq since Friday Kurdish fighters hold the Syrian town of Kobani against ISIS , await Peshmerga
CNN  -- What turns a few cases of disease into thousands ? Sometimes Ebola , or cholera or other infectious diseases , emerge and are brought under control , but the current Ebola crisis in West Africa continues to grow . What makes the critical difference in quickly controlling an outbreak ? Luck plays a part . Where the first cases emerge , what the weather is like , the coincidence of holidays and migration can all make a difference in how quickly disease spreads . Biology also matters , including the unexpected evolution of pathogens and the level of prior exposure and immunity in populations at risk . Health infrastructure is important too . Countries that invest little in health -- including training health personnel and public health surveillance and diagnostic capacity -- will struggle to mount a rapid and effective response . Bad luck and lack of investment in health are hard to address once a disease starts to spread . However , a lot depends on how governments respond to the first cases that pop up -- and denying or minimizing the early cases is one of the worst things a government can do . Indeed , restricting health information and imposing controls on the media breed mistrust and impede an effective response . Another potential obstacle , which might seem counterintuitive , is quarantines . Ebola cases first appeared in West Africa five months ago , and so far , there have been more than 4,784 confirmed or suspected cases , and more than 2,400 deaths , according to the World Health Organization . As cases first emerged , the lack of information about the disease and suspicion of the government led to rumors that the reports of Ebola were created by the government to secure -- and embezzle -- aid . Although Ebola is not transmitted by water , fears spread in Liberia that the government was poisoning wells to increase the number of cases . In Guinea , on August 29 , people rioted when a market was sprayed with disinfectant they believed was infected with the Ebola virus , with more than 50 injured . People attacked health workers and the hospital in Guinea 's second largest city , Nzerekore , shouting : "  Ebola is a lie ! " Then quarantines were imposed . Following an attack on an Ebola treatment center in West Point , a populous neighborhood in Monrovia , Liberia 's capital , the government reportedly ordered a quarantine of the entire peninsula . The incidence of Ebola was reportedly no higher in West Point than anywhere else in the city , but Information Minister Lewis Brown said the neighborhood was quarantined because of its density and the potential for political violence . The quarantine was abandoned after 10 days , but Brown declared it a success because it changed attitudes -- increasing awareness of the severity of the disease . Isolating a community as punishment for not trusting the government neither fosters trust nor effectively limits transmission . During the quarantine period , the price of basic goods like food , water , coal , soap and phone cards doubled . The cost of rice tripled , to 90 cents a cup . Early on , there were violent clashes between security forces and angry residents trying to leave . A 15-year-old boy was fatally shot , and four other residents were wounded . In addition , residents who could afford it bribed security forces to get out , while others fled by swimming away or escaped when security was lax . Access to routine health care inside the quarantine zone was limited and there were reports of pregnant women desperate for help . Meanwhile , on September 6 in Sierra Leone , government officials announced a three-day quarantine to facilitate detecting cases through house-to-house searches . Yet detecting Ebola cases is not necessarily straightforward , and Sierra Leone does n't have sufficient capacity to hospitalize everyone it may identify . Doctors Without Borders issued a statement that "  lockdowns and quarantines do not help control Ebola as they end up driving people underground and jeopardizing the trust between people and health providers . This leads to the concealment of potential cases and ends up spreading the disease further . " So what can be done ? Education and social mobilization campaigns that explain Ebola and facilitate community participation in the response are key . Social support and home-based care can increase trust and ensure that voluntary isolation measures are respected and people who are sick can be safely cared for at home . Efforts to ensure that survivors are not shunned and stigmatized are also important , and survivors , who are immune from reinfection , can play an important role in the response . In other words : Ensure that the Ebola response respects human rights . Access to health information and treatment , involving the community in the planning and response to the epidemic , making sure that restrictions on liberty and movement are imposed only when they are strictly necessary -- these are all human rights principles that are codified in international treaties . Of course , respecting , protecting and fulfilling human rights is not a magic bullet to stop a disease in its tracks . But , as we 've seen in the current Ebola outbreak , failing to implement a response in line with human rights principles can increase the risk that a small outbreak will become a much larger one .	Outbreak of Ebola has claimed more than 2,200 lives , according to WHO Lack of info and suspicion of government made outbreak worse , says Joe Amon Education campaigns are key to limiting outbreak , he says Amon : Responses that violate human rights principles can increase risk of spread
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Freshman U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson refused to back down Wednesday from remarks made on the House floor the night before , in which he said the Republican health care plan calls for sick people to "  die quickly . " Rep. Alan Grayson , D-Florida , made the "  die quickly " remark on the House floor Tuesday night . In fact , Grayson , a Democrat who represents a central Florida swing district that includes Orlando , made another floor speech in which he apologized to the dead and their families for not acting sooner on health care reform . He then defended both speeches on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  What I mean is they have got no plan , " Grayson told Wolf Blitzer . "  It 's been 24 hours since I said that . Where is the Republican plan ? We 're all waiting to see something that will take care of the pre-existing conditions , to take care of the 40 million Americans who have no coverage at all . "  That 's what I meant when I said that the Republican plan is do n't get sick . And if you do get sick , die quickly . " Watch Grayson defend comments " Republicans pounced on Grayson 's late-night speech and demanded an apology . Watch Grayson 's "  die quickly " remark on House floor " "  That is about the most mean-spirited partisan statement that I 've ever heard made on this floor , and I , for one , do n't appreciate it , " Rep. Jimmy Duncan , R-Tennessee , told Politico . On Wednesday , Grayson apologized , but it was n't the apology the Republicans wanted . Citing a Harvard University study released this month that said 44,000 Americans die each year because they have no health insurance , Grayson called on Democrats and Republicans "  to do our jobs for the sake of those dying people and their families . " "  I apologize to the dead and their families that we have n't voted sooner to end this holocaust in America , " he said . That prompted National Republican Congressional Committee spokesman Ken Spain to issue a stinging rebuke , saying Grayson is "  doubling down on his despicable remarks , and he is dragging his party with him . " "  This is an individual who has established a pathological pattern of unstable behavior , " Spain said . "  He is derailing the national debate on health care reform and embarrassing his constituents as a result . " But in a spirited discussion on CNN that included Democratic strategist James Carville and Republican strategist Alex Castellanos , Grayson stood his ground . He rejected the suggestion that his remarks were the political equivalent of South Carolina Republican Rep. Joe Wilson 's shout of , "  You lie , " at the president during his nationally televised speech on health care . "  I did n't insult the president in front of 40 million people , " he said . " ... When you do n't have a plan , what that means is your plan is do n't get sick . So what I said is true . What Joe Wilson said , on the other hand , is false . " Castellanos insisted that Republicans agreed with the Democrats on pre-existing conditions and would "  stand with him 100 percent " if the president added such Republican-backed proposals as tort reform and allowing citizens to shop across state lines for insurance -- a strategy Democrats say will drive insurance companies into the states with the most lax regulations . "  The congressman is at least giving the chance for the Republicans to look responsible . It 's not fair to say that the Republicans have no plan . They actually do , " said Castellanos , whose campaigns include those of George W. Bush in 2004 , Mitt Romney in 2008 , Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and the late Sen. Jesse Helms of North Carolina in the 1990s . Carville , who was Bill Clinton 's lead strategist during his successful run for the presidency in 1992 and worked on Hillary Clinton 's campaign last year , congratulated Grayson for having "  the courage to go up and say what he said . " But Carville backed away from Grayson when the congressman said that Republicans he believes are obstructing health care reform are "  foot-dragging , knuckle-dragging Neanderthals . " "  I would call -LSB- them -RSB- regressive as opposed to Neanderthal , " Carville said . Grayson also rejected comparisons between his comments and those of some Republicans , including former Alaska governor and GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , that the Democratic reform plan called for "  death panels " to decide who would get life-saving treatments . "  I said to myself , ' I wish Sarah Palin read the bill . ' That 's not what this bill says . That 's a scare tactic , " he said . "  What I said is the God 's honest truth . " Grayson said he decided to deliver his after-hours speech Tuesday after the Harvard study was released and he realized "  we can not go on any longer in this country where people can not afford health care , where the coverage they got is good until they need it . " Calling for universal health care , he slammed "  whoever it is that 's causing the Republicans to fight tooth-and-nail against anything , absolutely anything , to have every vote come down to being 257 to 175 in the House , over and over and over again . " "  Those are the people who are really disserving Americans , " he said . CNN 's Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	Rep. Alan Grayson : GOP health care plan calls for sick to "  die quickly " Grayson , later : "  I apologize to the dead " for not acting on health care sooner Grayson , a Democrat , defends both speeches on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " Republicans demand apology for first remark
CNN  -- Houston Rockets team physician Tom Clanton has said the foot injury currently sidelining Chinese center Yao Ming could threaten the seven-foot-six-inch player 's career . Yao Ming 's entire basketball future could be in danger due to his persistent foot injury . "  At this point , the injury has the potential for him missing this next season and could be career-threatening , " Clanton told the Houston Chronicle regional newspaper . "  One of the things we are trying to get is a consensus opinion on that , to make certain there is no option we are overlooking that would provide an earlier return or would be an option for treatment that he would prefer rather than doing additional surgery , " he added . Yao fractured his left foot last month during a semifinal match against the Los Angeles Lakers in the NBA Western Conference semifinals and has been visiting specialists ahead of treatment since then . Clanton continued : "  At this stage , he is having no symptoms or physical signs , he has no tenderness , no swelling , no redness . When he came back in , he was feeling like everything was perfect , and he would start rehabilitation and get ready to play . "  The findings on the CT were shocking for him and for us . You do n't treat a CT scan ; you treat a patient . We are looking for every reason to treat this on clinical findings but do n't want to put him at risk for a greater fracture , " he added . The diagnosis raises doubt over the playing future of one of the biggest stars in the National Basketball Association  NBA  and one of the most famous celebrities to hail from China . Yao is a national hero in his homeland , and the news has prompted a frenzy of postings on the internet , arguing about the why 's and wherefore 's of his injury . "  He is really tired , " says one Netizen posting on Sina.com . "  He needs to rest , we can not let the giant fall ! " "  I wish everything will work out well for Yao Ming , " says another teenage basketball fan . "  There is always a way to deal with injuries . We should not give up . " Some Yao supporters think he should take a long break -- even for the whole season -- and make a comeback later . "  I think his injury is very bad , " opines Ma Jian , a TV commentator who played for the Chinese national team . "  With all the weight training the team have put him through in the past seven years , Yao has gained about 20 kilos in his upper body . But his lower body , especially his feet , did not gain much strength to hold his large frame . " The 28-year-old Yao has been a perennial pick for the NBA All-Star teams since moving from the Shanghai Sharks to the Rockets in 2002 . Yao also captained the Chinese team as hosts at the 2008 Beijing Games , as well as taking the role of flag-bearer in the opening ceremony . Yao was awarded the honor of "  model worker " in 2005 by China 's ruling Communist Party . However , despite his popularity , Yao still has his share of detractors . Known as "  Yao hei " -- they are people who are out to smear the player . "  He is a man made of glass , " says one posting on Sina.com . "  Should we call him Yao the glass or Yao the porcelain ? " asks one rhetorically . Yao is now a multi-millionaire , earning millions of dollars yearly , not just from his NBA team but from lucrative commercial endorsements . Admirers say Yao has done more for improving China 's image overseas than any modern-day politician or diplomat . Next to the giant panda , Yao is perhaps China 's best known and much loved , icon , in part because exudes a wholesome , feel-good image . "  He is such an affable , likeable guy , " recalls Colin Pine , who used to serve as his personal translator during his years as an NBA rookie in Houston . His demeanor on and off the court has endeared him to the media and multitude of basketball fans overseas , who admire his modesty and maturity . His loyal fans hope Yao will get an extension of his already long and successful career .	Houston Rockets physician says Yao Ming injury could "  threaten his career " Yao fractured his left foot playing for Houston against the L.A. Lakers in May The 28-year-old was flag-bearer for China at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games Yao has been perennial All-Star selection since he moved to the U.S. in 2002
SAMSON , Alabama  CNN  -- The man who killed 10 people , then himself , in a shooting rampage in southern Alabama had failed in his dreams both to become a U.S. Marine and a police officer , and was depressed and unhappy with his life , investigators said Thursday . The shooter , Michael McLendon , killed his mother before killing others . Michael McLendon , 28 , fatally shot his mother in his hometown of Kinston on Tuesday before driving to nearby Samson and Geneva , killing nine more , then fatally shooting himself after a shootout with police . Authorities are calling it the deadliest single assault in recorded Alabama history . "  He was going to go until he was stopped , by himself or someone else , " said Col. Chris Murphy of the Alabama Department of Public Safety . "  He had obviously planned to go out in grand style . " McLendon left behind a letter , apparently after killing his mother , that described how he did so and saying that he planned to kill himself , according to Murphy . The letter "  describes how McLendon harbored ill feelings toward family members due to a family dispute . " McLendon -- a self-proclaimed survivalist who was known to train with the rifles he used in the shooting spree -- enlisted in the Marines in 1999 , but was kicked out one month later for "  fraudulent enlistment , " Murphy said . He was hired as a police officer in 2003 , but let go a month later for what Murphy called physical issues . The nearly hourlong assault ended 24 miles from where it began at Reliable Metal Products plant in Geneva , where McLendon had worked in 2003 . "  McLendon made statements of being depressed and was dissatisfied with his present position in life , " Murphy said . "  His dream was to become a Marine , and later a police officer . Both those dreams were unfulfilled . " McLendon was armed with two assault rifles -- an SKS and a Bushmaster -- and two pistols , and a shotgun was found in his car . "  At this time , we believe that he fired in excess of 200 rounds during the assaults , " the Department of Public Safety said in a news release . McLendon had no known criminal record before carrying out the rampage , officials said . Coffee County district attorney Gary McAliley said neighbors and co-workers described McLendon as quiet and shy . Some neighbors complained that he was always shooting firearms behind his home , he said -- but feared only that McLendon would accidentally kill one of their cows . Watch how the shaken towns are trying to cope " Co-workers at Kelley Foods , where he unexpectedly resigned last week , said they had a nickname for him -- Doughboy -- that he did n't like . "  I do n't think anybody could have anticipated this by looking at him and interacting with him , " McAliley said . "  But , certainly he had a volcano inside of him . " McLendon called the Samson City Hall about 1 p.m. Tuesday and asked whether the city council would be meeting in the evening , Michelle Flanery , magistrate and billing clerk , told CNN Radio . Flanery said she replied that there was no meeting scheduled that day and that McLendon thanked her before hanging up . Authorities said McLendon also had a list of current and former co-workers , some whose names were accompanied by notes on ways he felt they 'd wronged him . But the note was not a "  hit list , " as had been reported , and none of the people whose names were listed were attacked , they said . View images from the rampage " Among the dead were the wife and toddler of Geneva County Sheriff 's Deputy Josh Myers , who was involved in the standoff with McLendon before he realized his own loss . His 3-month-old daughter , Ella , was also wounded . She was rescued by a neighbor and released from a hospital in Pensacola , Florida , Thursday evening . The shootings rattled Samson and Geneva , neither of which has a population beyond 4,500 people , and sent shock waves outside the small towns affected . "  This event formed the single deadliest crime recorded in Alabama , " said Murphy of the Department of Public Safety . Alabama Gov. Bob Riley arrived in Geneva County on Wednesday afternoon , pledging support to the community and members of law enforcement . "  I think it 's a combination of just shock and disbelief , " said Riley , a native of Ashland , Alabama , population 2,500 , in east Alabama . "  I live in a little small town about like this , and I know what it would be like in my community . It really is devastating to a community this size . " Watch the governor respond to the rampage " "  This does n't happen in small towns , and all of a sudden you begin to understand that you really do have the same problems in some of these small towns you have in other parts of the country . "	NEW : Michael McLendon left behind note describing ill will he harbored toward family NEW : Shooter was going to continue "  until he was stopped , " investigator says McLendon killed 10 people in two towns before killing himself McLendon unhappy with failed efforts to become Marine , police officer , police say
San Diego  CNN  -- Every few years , I reassess how I feel about Mexican-Americans who wave Mexican flags . Much of it has to do with who is doing the waving and under what circumstances . In 2006 , I wrote a column saying it was a bad idea for immigration reform advocates to wave Mexican flags as they marched through U.S. cities such as Phoenix , Chicago , Dallas and Los Angeles . It 's illogical to show your allegiance to one country while demanding accommodation from another . But in 2007 , I penned another column after attending a Luis Miguel concert in Las Vegas where fans of the Mexican singer unfurled Mexican flags . Nothing wrong with that , I concluded . It 's all about context . There is a big difference between a political protest and a concert . Now , thanks to U.S. Olympic medalist Leo Manzano , and what I consider to be the misguided and ill-mannered way he chose to celebrate his silver medal in the 1500-meters final , I get the chance to think through the subject of flag-waving once again . After Manzano finished his race and secured his medal , he did what athletes typically do at the Olympics . He held up his country 's flag -- the Stars and Stripes . The 27-year-old was born in Mexico , but the United States is his country now . His father migrated here illegally from the city of Dolores Hidalgo . Manzano was brought here when he was 4 . Like most immigrants , they came in search of greater opportunity . And they found it -- for themselves , and their children . That little boy eventually became a U.S. citizen . And then , after a lot of hard work and thousands of hours of training , he got the chance to represent his country and compete in the Olympics . And , to put the cherry on the sundae , he actually wins a silver medal . The last time an American won a medal of any kind in the 1500 meters was 44 years ago . You ca n't help but be proud of Manzano and the country that allowed him the opportunity to fulfill his potential . So why did Manzano carry two flags with him on his victory lap ? As the world looked on , he held up both the U.S. flag and the Mexican flag . Not a good look . And not a good idea . Manzano posted messages on Twitter throughout the competition -- in Spanish and English . After his victory , he tweeted , "  Silver medal , still felt like I won ! Representing two countries USA and Mexico ! " That 's funny . I only saw one set of letters on his jersey : USA . Later , he said to the media that he was honored to represent the United States and Mexico . I realize that , for many of my fellow Mexican-Americans , the image of Manzano waving two flags is no big thing . And for many Americans who are Mexican-born , it 's actually a great thing . Both camps might even find the gesture charming -- albeit , for different reasons . Most Mexican-Americans I know would need a whole team of therapists to sort out their views on culture , national identity , ethnic pride and their relationship with Mother Mexico . They 're the orphans of the Southwest -- too Mexican for the Americans , too American for the Mexicans . Their positive reaction to the photo has less to do with Manzano than with their own sense of displacement . Many Mexicans who came to the United States -- particularly those who came as professionals or became professionals once they got here -- look to Mexico with a mixture of affection and guilt . They romanticize what they left behind and find it easier to love the country from hundreds or thousands of miles away . They may live in the United States , but many of them still consider themselves children of Mexico -- the kind who run away from home . For both groups , the fact that Manzano , who holds dual citizenship , made a decision to show off the flags of both countries was a kind of signal to the people of Mexico that this accomplished young man had n't forgotten where he came from . For some , that concept warms the heart . But the image did n't warm my heart . It upset my stomach . Understand , I 've been called a Mexican separatist , a racist who hates anyone who is n't Mexican or Mexican-American , someone who is obsessed with his ethnicity . In fact , I ca n't remember the last time someone accused me of not being proud of being Mexican or Mexican-American . And in the past 20 years , I 've written hundreds of thousands of words in defense of Mexicans and Mexican-Americans . That said , the photo bothered me . Some people will insist that this is Manzano 's choice to make , that it was his sweat and sacrifice that got him to London , and this was his victory to celebrate however he saw fit . Those people are wrong . They 're focused on the individual . But the last thing the Olympics is about is the individual . It 's about being part of a team -- the U.S. Olympic team . It 's about national pride , not ego . Manzano was n't there to compete for himself but to represent his country . All he had to do was decide which country that was . He chose not to choose . What am I missing ? Where were the Italian-American athletes waving the Italian flag , or the Irish-Americans waving the Irish flag ? I did n't see that . I remember that , in 1992 , Mexican-American boxer Oscar De La Hoya held up both the U.S. and Mexican flags after winning a gold medal in Barcelona . But that was largely symbolic since De La Hoya was born in the United States . He was n't an immigrant caught between two countries . Leo , con todo respeto  with all due respect  , you should be proud of your accomplishment . You deserve it . But when you 're an Olympic athlete , you do n't get to have your cake and eat it , too . Sooner or later , you have to choose which country you 're going to represent . And you did . You made that choice , when you put on the jersey for Team USA . It was n't unlike the choice your parents made when they chose the United States over Mexico a quarter century ago . They voted with their feet . It would be nice if you have n't left your heart behind . This country took you in during your hour of need . Now in your moment of glory , which country deserves your respect -- the one that offered nothing to your parents and forced them to leave or the one that took you all in and gave you the opportunity to live out your dreams ? The answer should be obvious . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Leo Manzano waved both U.S. and Mexico flags after winning in the Olympics Ruben Navarrette : It was not a good idea for Manzano to carry two flags He says Manzano should have been clear about which country he represented Navarrette : By putting on the jersey for Team USA , it 's clear what his choice was
CNN  -- Apparently , reality star Snooki is not just too pretty for jail , she is too pretty for court . Nicole Polizzi , also known as Snooki on MTV 's reality show "  Jersey Shore , " did not attend a court hearing in New Jersey on Wednesday . Her lawyer , Ray Raya , appeared on her behalf , to enter a "  not guilty " plea on a disorderly conduct charge , according to a Seaside Heights Municipal Court spokesman . The 22-year-old was arrested in late July on the beaches of Seaside Heights , New Jersey . She will not serve jail time , but faces potential fines ranging from $ 250 to $ 1,000 . She is expected to attend her next hearing , set for September 8 , the court spokesman said . Polizzi told MTV News that jail is not the place for someone as attractive as she is . "  I 'm too pretty to be in jail . I 'm a good person . I 'm not a criminal and I will never go back there , " the "  Jersey Shore " star said . She said she realizes she may have had too many drinks , but that it 's nothing to get crazy over . "  I do n't know why people take it so seriously , " Polizzi said . "  I had a couple cocktails , and they just put me in a drunk tank to sober me up . " The arrest of the TV star even caught the attention of Arizona Sen. John McCain . McCain jokingly brought up the arrest during a recent visit to Phoenix radio station KMLE Country 108 . "  I have a question for you that I thought about on the way over : Should Snooki go to jail ? Or -- a question for our listeners -- is Snooki too good-looking to go to jail ? " McCain asked . "  This has given a whole new meaning to our justice system , and I 'm kind of leaning towards Snooki being too good-looking . "	"  Jersey Shore " star did not attend Wednesday 's hearing A court official expects her to appear in court on September 8 She says she is too pretty for jail
Mashable  -- FaceMash.com , the Facebook prototype Mark Zuckerberg built in his Harvard dorm room one October night in 2003 , is now up for auction on Flippa -- or at least the URL is . The domain once housed a Harvard version of Hot or Not , which placed photos of various university women next to one another and asked visitors to select which one was more attractive . FaceMash reportedly attracted 450 visitors and generated 22,000 page views in its first evening ; it was pulled down by Harvard several days later . Now , the site attracts approximately 600 visitors per month , the auctioneer claims , though since the release of the movie "  The Social Network , " which mentions FaceMash , the site has received more than 1,000 hits per day . The domain is currently listed for $ 8,000 and , though it appears to be legit , has attracted few bids . That 's not terribly surprising , given the kind of hassle any business built on the site is likely to attract from Facebook 's lawyers . Tell us : What would you host at FaceMash.com ? © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The domain name FaceMash.com is up for auction by a third party Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg used the name FaceMash.com for a college project Zuckerberg 's site for ranking Harvard students ' attractiveness got him in trouble with the school
New York  CNN  -- A driver for Naomi Campbell told police that he was assaulted by the supermodel Tuesday , according to the New York Police Department . NYPD Deputy Commission of Public Information Paul Brown said Campbell left the scene of the alleged assault on Manhattan 's East Side on foot . He said police were interested in speaking with her but did not know her whereabouts . Campbell 's spokesman , Jeff Raymond , told CNN in a written statement , "  There should n't be a rush to judgment . Naomi will co-operate voluntarily , and there is more to the story than meets the eye . " Brown said the 27-year-old male driver pulled over about 3 p.m. in the vicinity of 58th Street and Second Avenue and reported to a traffic agent that he had been assaulted by Campbell . Campbell fled the scene while the traffic agent called for police , Brown said . The driver told officers that Campbell had struck him in the back of the neck and caused his head to hit the steering wheel , according to police . The driver , who was taken to a local precinct for questioning , had a small bruise and swelling under his right eye , according to police . The driver had been hired for the day to drive Campbell to a studio in Queens . Campbell , 39 , pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor assault charge in 2007 , admitting she hit her former housekeeper with a cell phone in March of 2005 . In 2000 , she pleaded guilty to a 1998 charge of assault against an assistant . And in October 2006 , she was arrested again , this time in London , for allegedly attacking her drug counselor . Last month Campbell admitted on CNN 's Connect The World she had been working on controlling her anger after her recent outbursts . "  I took a lot of time out , " she said . "  Everybody has their demons and I had to look in the mirror and face mine . "  Until I did that there was not going to be a change in my life . I did n't want to be the way I was . I 'm a work in progress Every day is a new day ... every day I 'm learning something new . But I know I 'm taking a step forwards and not backwards . "	Male driver , 27 , tells police model Naomi Campbell struck him in back of neck Police say she left scene of alleged assault on Manhattan 's East Side on foot Police say they would like to question her but do n't know her whereabouts Campbell spokesman : "  There is more to the story than meets the eye "
CNN  -- Takeoff on one of Airbus ' new A350WXB test planes is a strangely quiet experience . Powered by two hulking Rolls Royce Trent XWB engines , you 'd expect to hear more than just a low whirring noise when tearing down the runway . But when leaving the ground and heading into the clear blue skies of a Hong Kong morning , there was little else to hear on the newest addition to commercial aviation . Compounding the hush was the unique nature of the flight . Most of the select few passengers on board flight AIB 206 to Singapore were from the plane 's manufacturer ; part of a dedicated team undertaking the final tests to make sure the aircraft is certified to enter service in December with its first customer , Qatar Airways . The flight was part of Airbus 's A350XWB "  route proving " trip , something akin to a world tour where existing and potential customers can take a look at the goods first hand , while the engineers continue to test and tinker . Named MSN005 , the aircraft that flew across the South China Sea , the Malaysian peninsula and Sumatra , is one of only two of the fleet of five test planes kitted out with a full cabin , so the flight was a good indication of what 's in store for millions of passengers in the coming years . Seating four abreast in the 42-seat business class sections , nine abreast in the two economy cabins , this is the future of long-haul travel as presented by the European plane maker . Gleaming cabin It 's a competitor to Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner and new iterations of the 777 and Airbus hope it 'll take up a sizeable chunk of the world 's expanding fleet of twin-aisle aircraft . At first glance , the gleaming cabin looks simply like a lovely new plane , but dotted throughout are features that Airbus hopes will set it apart from the competition and impress passengers and airlines alike . "  With fiber optics we 've integrated the cables for the in-flight entertainment system , moved the control boxes to a panel under the seat and flooring and been able to make the floor flat , " says Roland Naudy , the Aircraft Interiors Marketing Manager . That could be sweet relief for those who found themselves with an in-flight entertainment box stopping them from stretching out their feet . Seat-back displays in economy are 10.6 inches  26.9 centimeters  , which Airbus say will either be powered by Thales or Panasonic , depending on each airline 's preference . Tablets and smart phones can be plugged in and powered from the seat backs , something that 's becoming a new standard . The LED lighting onboard has a mind-boggling 16.7 million possible color permutations , which not even a 16-hour intercontinental trip could cycle through , while the cabin is pressurized to a height equivalent of 6,000 feet  1,828 meters  instead of a more standard 8,000 feet , which it is claimed reduces the effect of jet lag . While the plane is touted as being extra wide-bodied  hence the XWB  , the height of the cabin without central overhead bins is striking  although that might only be an option for first and business class  . For those that favor a window seat on flights , but find the curve of the sidewall cramps their sleep , the new plane has one of the flattest in the business , so cricked necks might also be a thing of the past . Another little touch is that the bathroom light that comes on and then dims when the door is opened . Extreme temperature tests For the most part the plane looks ready to come into service tomorrow , but throughout there are hundreds of sensors relaying information to a flight test station set up in the middle of the rear economy cabin . Two test engineers spent the flight poring over the data , gathering up to 120,000 parameters . Everything , from temperature at certain points in the cabin to the fuel flow , could be relayed live back to Airbus HQ in France . Further route-proving flights to Africa and Australasia are scheduled , and while the flight-worthiness tests have been ongoing for more than a year -- including extreme temperature tests in the Arctic , stalls , and aborted takeoffs at full speed -- fitting out the interior to clients tastes is a long process too . "  We expect that be around 10 months , " said Didier Nasarre , head of customer program . In fact , he said , it 's been closer to 20 months for the first customer as everything needed to be done more or less from scratch . From the height of counters in the galley to the type of carpet , every detail is examined and evaluated by airlines , said Nasarre . The plane is made of 53 % composite materials helping its fuel efficiency . The A350 's swooped back winglets could make it as recognizable a sight at airports around the world as the crenelated engine covers of the Dreamliner . "  Basically if a plane looks good , it flies well , " said Henry Craig , a pilot for Cathay Pacific , as he peered out the window at the curvy wing-tips . "  I 'm a fan of beautiful things and that is a thing of beauty . " The A350 will come in three sizes , the A350-800 , A350-900 and A350-1000 , offering between 276 and 369 seats . As of July there were 742 orders from 38 airlines .	CNN 's Dean Irvine joins Airbus team on board a A350WXB during a "  route proving " flight The wide-bodied A350WXB is Airbus 's answer to the Boeing 787 Dreamliner The plane is made of 53 % composite materials helping its fuel efficiency
New Delhi  CNN  -- In an attempt to curb runaway inflation , India 's central bank raised its benchmark interest rates for the tenth time in sixteen months on Thursday , despite a slowdown in economic growth . The Reserve Bank of India said in a statement that inflation had reached "  uncomfortable levels " and increased the repo rate at which it lends to commercial banks by 25 basis points to 7.5 percent . The reverse repo rate at which the central bank pays commercial banks for deposits was raised to 6.5 percent . These measures come as government data this week showed Indian 's inflation climbed to a higher-than-expected 9.06 percent in May from a year earlier , driven mainly by an increase in prices of manufactured goods . But the central bank 's previous rate hikes have made little difference in the cost of living in India . "  If India is to grow in a fast pace then demand must increase and an approach for controlling demand by hiking interest rates will not exactly increase the growth rate or the development of this economy , " economic adviser to the Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Anjan Roy said . India now has the highest inflation rate of any large Asian economy . Analysts say the government 's priority is to tame inflation even if its at the expense of economic growth . Reserve Bank Governor Duvvuri Subbarao said in a statement last month that bringing the current elevated rates down should "  take precedence even at the cost of some growth in the short run . " The government has delayed a decision to hike diesel fuel prices fearing it would further stoke inflation . "  Inflation is a very important factor in India , in fact the fortunes of governments depend on the course of inflation particularly food items , so it is predictable that the RBI will take this course , " Roy said "  but to be honest inflation in India has proven to be insensitive to interest rate hikes . Inflation is going up and interest rates are going up . " Roy said the Indian government must now take a supply side management approach to curb rising prices . Asia 's third largest economy grew 7.8 percent from January to March , the slowest pace in five quarters . Analysts say the slower growth is making it harder for the second-fastest-growing major economy in the world to pull hundreds of millions of people out of poverty .	Reserve Bank of India raises key interest rates Inflation climbed to 9.06 percent in May Analysts say the government wants to tame inflation even at the expense of growth
Arlington , Virginia  CNN  -- President Barack Obama led the nation 's Memorial Day observances Monday , laying a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery 's Tomb of the Unknowns and declaring that Americans owe "  a debt to our fallen heroes that we can never fully repay . " "  The blessings we enjoy as Americans came at a dear cost , " Obama told a crowd at the cemetery 's Memorial Amphitheater . "  To those of you who mourn the loss of a loved one today , my heart goes out to you . ... This day is about you . And the fallen heroes that you loved . " Obama names new head of Joint Chiefs Military servicemen and women killed while serving their country "  gave of themselves until they had nothing more to give , " he said . "  It is their courage , their unselfishness , their devotion to duty that has sustained this country through all its trials and will sustain us through all the trials to come . " We need to hold "  their memories close to our hearts and  heed  the example they set , " he said . Obama visited Arlington 's Section 60 -- a burial site primarily for soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan . U.S. and coalition casualties in Iraq and Afghanistan Earlier in the day , the president and first lady Michelle Obama hosted a breakfast for Gold Star families at the White House . Gold Star families are those who have lost relatives serving in the military . The president was joined for the ceremony at Arlington by Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen . Both men are retiring later this year . "  It is up to us to be worthy of  the  sacrifice " of the fallen , Gates said . "  For the rest of my life , I will keep these brave patriots and their loved ones in my heart . " "  God bless our fallen , the missing , and their families , " Mullen said . "  And God bless America . "	President Obama lays a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery 's Tomb of the Unknowns Obama tells Americans to honor the values of fallen servicemen and women Obama is joined by Defense Secretary Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Mullen The Obamas host Gold Star families at the White House
CNN Student News  -- December 5 , 2014 This Friday 's show is especially diverse in scope : It involves the subjects of science , law , biology , engineering and art . You 'll hear why one city in Philippines is particularly troubled about Typhoon Hagupit , and you 'll learn why this year 's flu vaccine is less effective than previous doses . We also cover a grand jury 's decision in New York that 's sparking protests in other cities . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . The U.S. Navy 's first ship , a frigate , was launched in the harbor of what historic city ? 2 . What is the abbreviation for the virus that causes AIDS ? 3 . What is the name of the nuclear plant that became the site of the worst nuclear accident in world history ? 4 . In what year did an earthquake and tsunami in Japan cause the world 's second-worst nuclear disaster ? 5 . Five members of what NFL team caused controversy on Sunday by taking the field with their hands up ? 6 . In what war-torn , Middle Eastern nation would you find the heavily damaged town of Kobani ? 7 . What is the name of the $ 370 million space capsule that NASA was scheduled to launch this week ? 8 . What Communist country recently made headlines when it banned its media from using puns ? 9 . Name the turbulent river that blind adventurer Erik Weihenmayer recently paddled through on a kayak . 10 . Meaning "  lash " in Filipino , Typhoon Hagupit is threatening what Pacific island nation ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- The old adage "  beauty is only skin deep " has turned out to be true , and filmmaker Timothy Greenfield-Sanders is a living witness . For his latest documentary , "  About Face : Supermodels Then & Now " -- premiering on HBO on Monday -- the lensman exposes a side of the fashion business rarely seen by the masses , in which some of the most legendary and beautiful clotheshorses open up about their triumphs and struggles in and out of the spotlight . HBO is owned by CNN 's parent company . The hour-plus-long film , which debuted this year at the Sundance Film Festival , features interviews with household names like Christie Brinkley , Beverly Johnson , Calvin Klein , Isabella Rossellini , Christy Turlington Burns and Cheryl Tiegs alongside industry pioneers such as Carmen Dell ` Orefice , China Machado , Eileen Ford , Pat Cleveland and Bethann Hardison . Unlike other accounts of the fashion business -- such as popular fictional films like "  Mahogany , " "  Zoolander " and "  The Devil Wears Prada " and the documentary "  The September Issue " -- "  About Face " let the models do the talking . "  People go into the film thinking , ` Oh , it 's going to be some kind of fluffy film about the fashion world , ' and then they leave it overwhelmed , " Greenfield-Sanders said from his home in upstate New York . "  I think that everyone was very honest in the film , " he added . "  And that 's what I appreciated , them giving me their 100 % . They gave me a lot and were very open . " The film begins with 81-year-old Dell ` Orefice candidly comparing her plastic surgery to repairing a ceiling that 's falling down . The New York native is regarded as the world 's oldest working model and started at Vogue magazine at the tender age of 15 . Another eyebrow-raising moment comes with anecdotes from another octogenarian : Machado , who became the first ethnic model to grace the cover of Harper 's Bazaar in 1959 after legendary fashion photographer Richard Avedon blackmailed the magazine 's publisher into putting her on it . Three years later , the Shanghai-born beauty would become fashion editor of the same publication . "  It started out in this '70s and '80s world , " Greenfield-Sanders explained . "  And I realized that I wanted to go deeper in front of that , and I wanted to do people from the '60s and even the '50s . Part of that was because they are still alive . You can still have a first-person conversation with  them  . " The auteur behind such acclaimed documentaries as "  Lou Reed : Rock and Roll Heart , " "  Thinking XXX " and "  The Black List " series became inspired to do the project after a chance encounter . His friend Harry King , a well-known fashion hairdresser , hosted a party three years ago in New York as a reunion of sorts with people from the past who were his current Facebook friends . Greenfield-Sanders double-parked his car to run in for five minutes and ended up staying for hours . "  My life changed , " he said . "  I knew a few of their names , and there were a handful of models there , and I thought , ` This could be a interesting group portrait , ' " he said . "  And that was the beginning of what I wanted to do . ... As I got to know them , I realized that this could definitely be a film . " "  I liked the idea of strong women who had kind of reinvented themselves , who have gone through tremendous fame and glamour and how they deal with that . " The conversation around ageism is what mostly piqued his interests , he admitted . "  That 's something I think about a lot . I 'm 60 years old . How does the world treat you as you get older ? How do you deal with the fact that you 're not the best-looking person anymore if your life is all about your looks ? " Beverly Johnson , the first African-American woman to grace the cover of Vogue , appears in the film , as does another black beauty  "  one-eighth African-American , " she clarifies in "  About Face "  : Cleveland , who spoke poignantly about being attacked in the racist South during her early days modeling with the Ebony Fashion Fair . Cleveland would flee the United States for Europe until women of color were represented more in fashion in her homeland . Marisa Berenson revealed how her grandmother , famed fashion designer Elsa Schiaparelli , ended a longtime friendship with then-Vogue editrix Diana Vreeland after she hired her as a model for the magazine . Isabella Rossellini opened up about how her long-term contract as a spokesmodel for LancÃ ´ me cosmetics ended once she turned 40 . And Bethann Hardison , who is more known for managing and shaping supermodels ' careers , shared intimate stories about growing up in Brooklyn and how her mother thought she was a prostitute when she embarked on a modeling career . There were a few coveted cover girls , like Twiggy , who were out of his reach . "  I think the film covers all of the areas that I wanted to cover . It covers the fun of fashion and modeling and the excitement of being that beautiful and having people turning everyone 's heads , " he noted . "  It covers the drugs , the racism and the plastic surgery , and it 's a very wide-ranging film . And I like that about it . And we like stories . " Kim Alexis , one of the top models of the '80s , was elated to be a part of the film and to reconnect with friends she had n't seen in years . "  Modeling is a lonely business . We show up for jobs by ourselves , and each day is a new venture , no team , no office camaraderie . To be able to take a photo with my favorite models , doing what we did best , was a great day . " The former Revlon spokesmodel released her literary debut , a novel titled "  Beauty To Die For , " this week . Like her book -- a sudsy murder mystery -- she said "  About Face " offers a voice for the silent . "  Modeling is silent . People do n't know or understand how we feel as we work . " Alexis recently hobnobbed with some of the film 's subjects and the New York glitterati at the premiere party at the Paley Center for Media , which will house the corresponding portrait exhibit through September . "  How good it was to hear these women 's past and present thoughts , how everyone looked so good -- still -- and what a great thought on the part of Timothy Greenfield-Sanders to think it was worth sharing , " said model Tyson Beckford , who attended the party . "  No matter who you are , a good story is always worth listening to , and a beauty-related issue keeps it interesting . " With the increasing growth and mass appeal of image-savvy social media apps and smartphones  equipped with state-of-the-art camera lenses  Greenfield-Sanders understands his lofty position as the poster child for portraiture . And it 's not something he takes for granted . "  I have been very aware of this and how the world had gotten so much faster and bigger , and if you do n't have a photo show and a movie and a book and a DVD and a CD all at once , you just get lost , and I 've been lucky as an artist , because I started out as a filmmaker but then became a photographer , so I 'm skilled in all of these areas , " he said . "  I think , if you can , you need to be in as many mediums as possible at the same time . "	"  About Face : Supermodels Then & Now " premieres tonight The filmmaker got access to some of the top names in fashion Models ' struggles with race , age are included in documentary
CNN  -- IMG , the behemoth sports management agency that represents three of tennis ' biggest stars in Maria Sharapova , Novak Djokovic and Li Na , is no longer working with controversial Australian Bernard Tomic . IMG said in a tweet Wednesday that it "  mutually ended " its relationship with the 21-year-old , days after the Sports Business Journal reported the sides were going their separate ways before their contract expired . When asked for confirmation that the contract was cut short , IMG did n't immediately respond and an interview request made to the ATP early morning Bogota time for Tomic was n't immediately returned . Tomic is competing at a tournament in Bogota . CNN understands that the Tomic camp has approached his former agent , Lawrence Frankopan , who is now at StarWing Sports . StarWing Sports represents , among others , Chris Evert and 2014 Australian Open champion Stan Wawrinka . Daniel Kaplan , a reporter with the SBJ , tweeted that IMG "  appears 2 have had enough " with Tomic . Tomic had multiple hip surgery this year and his ranking has fallen almost 100 spots to 124th in two years but he -- and his father -- have repeatedly made headlines for their indiscretions . His father John was found guilty of assaulting Tomic 's former hitting partner and last year handed a suspended eight-month sentence . The player himself was on the wrong end of the quickest loss -- not including retirements -- in recorded ATP history when he was pummeled by Jarkko Nieminen in 28 minutes in Miami in March ; he has also been caught speeding more than once . He 's been accused of tanking  or not trying in matches  ; was pictured topless receiving a lapdance in November ; and booed when he retired against Rafael Nadal at the Australian Open in January . Police had to be called late in 2012 when Tomic and another man were fighting outdoors in an apartment complex . IMG and other agencies were attracted to Tomic while he was a junior , given his eye-catching results . And his stature grew when he in 2011 became the youngest man since Boris Becker 25 years earlier to reach the Wimbledon quarterfinals . But Tomic is n't Australia 's top hope now , replaced by the man who beat Nadal at Wimbledon , 19-year-old Nick Kyrgios .	Management agency IMG and Bernard Tomic mutually end their partnership IMG in a tweet wishes Tomic ` great success on and off the tennis court ' The Australian has struggled both on and off the court in the last year This week he won back-to-back matches for the first time since January
CNN  -- A Texas state board is set Friday to revisit questions surrounding a controversial 2004 execution , with supporters of the man 's family warning the panel is trying to bury its own critical review of the case . Cameron Todd Willingham was executed in 2004 for a fire that killed his three daughters . Prosecutors argued that Willingham deliberately set the 1991 blaze -- but three reviews of the evidence by outside experts have found the fire should not have been ruled arson . The last of those reports was ordered by the Texas Forensic Sciences Commission , which has been looking into Willingham 's execution since 2008 . But a September 2009 shake-up by Texas Gov. Rick Perry has kept that panel from reviewing the report , and the commission 's new chairman has ordered a review of its operating rules . Critics say that may kill the probe . "  They are attempting permanently to keep the investigation from continuing and moving on , and I do believe it 's because they do n't like the direction the evidence is leading , " Willingham 's cousin , Pat Cox , said Thursday . The Forensic Science Commission 's chairman is now John Bradley , an Austin-area district attorney with a reputation as a staunch supporter of the death penalty . Bradley has pledged to state lawmakers that the Willingham investigation "  absolutely " will continue -- but said the panel needs better rules to guide its work , and could not say when the Willingham issue would move forward . Thursday , he told CNN that concerns of Willingham 's supporters were based on "  a lot of misinformation . " "  I think that 's being used very much as a side issue to politicize , through some New York lawyers , the work of the commission , " Bradley said . "  The commission has been very clear that the commission is going to address the merits of the Willingham case . " The panel meets again Friday in Houston , and one of the items on its agenda is a legal opinion arguing that the panel has "  relatively narrow investigative jurisdiction . " The unsigned memorandum argues that the commission 's mandate covers only cases on which a state-accredited forensic laboratory worked . But because Texas started accrediting crime labs in 2003 , Cox and others who have backed the family say that would mean cases such as Willingham 's and that of another inmate , Ernest Willis , would be dropped . State Sen. Rodney Ellis , who pushed for the commission 's creation , calls the opinion flawed . The Forensic Sciences Commission "  was operating within the language and intent of the law when it determined that it had jurisdiction to investigate the case the first time in August 2008 , " Ellis said in a written statement to CNN . "  Frankly , I am surprised that the commission is even questioning whether or not it has jurisdiction , since it unanimously decided -- with the attorney general 's representative in the room -- to review the cases over two years ago . " Ellis , a Houston Democrat , serves as the chairman of the board of The Innocence Project -- the "  New York lawyers " that have supported efforts by Willingham 's stepmother and cousins to clear his name . The group advocates for prisoners it says are wrongly convicted , and Ellis said the commission 's work "  is too important to be bogged down in political bickering . " "  Texans need the FSC to perform its work in a timely manner , so the public can once again have confidence in forensic evidence and confidence that the truly guilty are behind bars and the innocent are free , " he said . But Bradley said the commission has never decided to apply the logic of the legal opinion to the case on Friday 's agenda . Bradley was named the panel 's chairman two days before the Forensic Sciences Commission was to hear from Craig Beyler , a Maryland-based fire science expert . Beyler concluded the arson finding at the heart of the Willingham case "  could not be sustained , " either by current standards or those in place at the time . The Innocence Project requested the investigation after a report it commissioned reached the same conclusion . Death-penalty opponents say an impartial review of Willingham 's case could lead to the unprecedented admission that the state executed an innocent man . Perry , who signed off on Willingham 's execution , is up for re-election in November , and his critics have accused him of trying to short-circuit that review . Perry has said he remains confident of the condemned man 's guilt , and police in the town of Corsicana , where the fire occurred , say other evidence beyond the arson testimony Beyler criticized supports the prosecution . Cox , a retired nurse in Ardmore , Oklahoma , told CNN that spiking the commission 's investigation would be a "  blatant miscarriage of justice . " "  The reasonable people of this country and the state of Texas can see through what this is , " she said .	NEW : "  A lot of misinformation " is fueling concerns , the chairman says NEW : Bradley says the Forensic Sciences Commission will address the merits of the case Outside reviews say the fire in which Cameron Willingham 's daughters died was n't arson Critics say the governor is trying to short-circuit the review
CNN  -- At 14 feet long and 2,300 pounds , it 's only fitting that Katharine is heading for the land where everything is bigger . This massive great white shark was most recently spotted 100 miles off the Florida coast in the Gulf of Mexico , headed toward Texas . And as of June 5 , another great white , Betsy , was about 140 miles west of Sarasota , Florida . In August , researchers from the nonprofit group Ocearch tagged Katharine off Massachusetts ' Cape Cod , along with the 14-foot long , 2,300-pound shark Betsy . Every time the sharks surface , their tags send signals to a satellite that can then pinpoint their locations , which can be viewed in near real time on the Ocearch website . So far , each of these sharks has traveled over 1,400 miles . It is estimated that Katharine will be past the mouth of the Mississippi River in a week and will enter the waters off Texas not long afterward if she keeps to her current course . A researcher says the sharks ' paths are surprising for this time of year . "  Every track is giving us new information and going contrary to all the assumptions that we were going on , " Dr. Robert Heuter , director of Mote Marine Laboratory 's center for shark research , told the Houston Chronicle . "  Having  sharks  in the Gulf is something we thought happened in the wintertime . " These huge sharks ' irregular behavior comes on the heels of the catch of a rare goblin shark in Florida in May and the closing of an Alabama beach because of a "  swarm " of sharks this month . Fortunately for the Lone Star State , scientists will be able to track Katharine as she approaches and keep tabs on her and Betsy for a long time to come . According to Heuter , "  These tags can last as many as five years . It gives us a completely different perspective from the older tags . " Perhaps the tags will prove more helpful than the researchers in Cape Cod could have predicted , ensuring that Katharine 's Texan size is all that she is remembered for . What devoured this great white shark ? How to deal with a growing great white shark population	Researchers follow the progress of a pair of 2,300-pound great whites Katharine and Betsy were tagged off Massachusetts ' Cape Cod in August A researcher says the sharks ' tracks are surprising for this time of year
CNN  -- A group representing police in St. Louis says it 's infuriated after five St. Louis Rams players raised their hands Sunday in solidarity with protesters upset at Michael Brown 's death . The St. Louis Police Officers Association says it 's "  profoundly disappointed " with those football players who sent a silent but strong message before playing Sunday against the Oakland Raiders . Stedman Bailey , Tavon Austin , Jared Cook , Chris Givens and Kenny Britt walked onto the field and raised their palms in the air , demonstrating the "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture that protesters in Ferguson have been using for months . Some say that Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager , had his arms up when a white police officer , Darren Wilson , shot him to death August 9 in Ferguson , a St. Louis suburb . Wilson and others say Brown was not trying to surrender and in fact was attacking Wilson . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson A grand jury decided last week not to indict Wilson , leading to protests nationwide . The football players ' action sparked widespread reaction across social media . Some drew parallels between what the Rams players did and the black power salute by two black Olympians from the United States at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City . Reaction to the Rams players ' move came as President Barack Obama met Monday with about 50 activists , law enforcement personnel and elected officials as well as members of his Cabinet to discuss what has transpired in Ferguson . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson The football players told CNN affiliate KSDK-TV in St. Louis that they came up with the idea just before the game and wanted their action to represent a solidarity with the people of St. Louis and surrounding areas . "  We wanted to do something . ... This is our community , " Cook said . Cook has n't had time to go to Ferguson because he 's been busy with the season and also because the area is dangerous and he does n't want to get caught up in the violence , he said . But his family members spoke to him about what 's been happening , he said . "  Definitely I will be making my trip to Ferguson , " Cook said . Bailey stressed that the players ' move was just a way to show support for their community . "  The violence should stop , " he told KSDK . "  We just want it to stop . " "  What happened was a tragedy , period , " Austin said , referring to Brown 's killing and the ensuing violence . "  There are things out there bigger than football and we notice that . " Coach : Players were exercising free-speech rights The police association called for the Rams and the NFL to apologize and discipline the players involved . "  We respect and understand the concerns of all individuals who have expressed views on this tragic situation , " NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said . He said that the NFL had nothing further to add and that the players would not be disciplined . Rams Coach Jeff Fisher also told reporters that the players would not be disciplined . "  They are exercising their right to free speech , " he said . Fisher said he planned to talk to the five players , but has n't done so yet . "  Those conversations will most likely remain confidential , " he said . He declined to answer questions about his own feelings about the move , saying he 'd prefer to talk to reporters about his team 's 52-0 win against the Oakland Raiders Sunday . "  It 's my personal opinion , and I firmly believe , that it 's important that I keep sports and politics separate . I 'm a head coach . I 'm not a politician , an activist or an expert on societal issues , " he said . "  So I 'm going to answer questions about the game . " Ferguson fallout : Protests go national Police leaders meet with team officials The players "  chose to ignore the mountains of evidence released from the St. Louis County Grand Jury this week , " the police association said in a statement . "  The gesture has become synonymous with assertions that Michael Brown was innocent of any wrongdoing and attempting to surrender peacefully when Wilson , according to some now-discredited witnesses , gunned him down in cold blood , " the police association wrote . The statement quoted the association 's business manager , Jeff Roorda , as saying that "  it is unthinkable that homegrown athletes would so publicly perpetuate a narrative that has been disproven over and over again . " "  I 'd remind the NFL and their players that it is not the violent thugs burning down buildings that buy their advertisers ' products . It 's cops and the good people of St. Louis and other NFL towns that do . " Leaders from the St. Louis Police Officers Association and the St. Louis County Police association met with Rams officials Monday , the police groups said in a statement . The talks were "  productive but very preliminary , " police said . They are expected to continue later in the week . "  We made some progress today and we had a healthy interaction with the Rams , " Roorda said in a statement after the meeting . "  We feel strongly that they better understand our perspective and the perspective of the law-abiding citizens that support law enforcement . " Austin responded to the police feeling that the players ' actions suggested they were taking a side . That was n't their intention , he said . "  We just want to let the community know that we support them . " Apology vs. no apology St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar sent an e-mail to his staff saying the Rams ' chief operating officer called Monday to apologize . "  I received a very nice call this morning from Mr. Kevin Demoff of the St. Louis Rams who wanted to take the opportunity to apologize to our department on behalf of the Rams for the "  Hands Up " gesture that some players took the field with yesterday , " Belmar wrote in the e-mail , according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . But the Rams characterized the conversation differently . "  We did not apologize , " Rams spokesman Artis Twyman told CNN . The team issued a statement saying the organization had "  positive discussions " Monday with Belmar and other police officials "  during which we expressed our respect for their concerns surrounding yesterday 's game . " CNN 's Holly Yan , Catherine E. Shoichet , Ryan Sloane , Wayne Sterling and Dave Alsup contributed to this story .	NEW : St. Louis County police say a Rams official apologized ; the Rams deny Five players for the St. Louis Rams raise their hands during Sunday 's game A group representing police officers says it 's infuriated by the move Rams coach says players were exercising free-speech rights
CNN  -- Investigators will return to a North Carolina pond on Thursday morning as police continue their search for a missing Fort Bragg soldier , officials said . A lead in the case of Pfc. Kelli Bordeaux led to the Wednesday deployment of a dive team in nearby Eastover , said spokesman Gavin MacRoberts of the Fayetteville Police Department . Eastover is northeast of Fayetteville , in Cumberland County . Police Chief Tom Bergamine said Wednesday night he could not discuss leads in the case . Detectives have spoken with one of the last people known to have contact with Bordeaux , the chief said . "  Anybody that had last seen her on the early morning of Saturday is someone we want to talk to . " Police and the military also searched an area near a Fayetteville bar where Bordeaux was last seen and last used her cell phone , authorities said . The soldier , 23 , left the Froggy Bottoms bar early Saturday , police have said . The GI had been drinking and was given a ride home by a bar employee , according to a U.S. Army official who spoke on condition of anonymity . At some point , the Army official said , Bordeaux sent two text messages . One said , "  got home safely . " The official did not know who the text was sent to or the contents of the second text message . The areas to be searched are near the bar and Interstate 295 , Bergamine told reporters earlier Wednesday . Records showed Bordeaux 's cell phone "  pinging " off a tower nearby early Saturday , he said . Authorities have talked with "  numerous individuals " as part of the investigation into Bordeaux 's disappearance , he said . They include Bordeaux 's husband , who did not accompany her to the bar , he said . Officers believe the husband was not in town at the time of his wife 's disappearance . Asked whether police believe Bordeaux is in danger , Bergamine said authorities are suspicious that no one has heard from her , adding she is described as "  a very good soldier , not the type of person that would come up AWOL or missing . " Bergamine refused to comment on several questions , including one about the text messages . On whether Bordeaux is believed to be a random victim , Bergamine would say only that the case is classified as a missing-persons case , and "  there is a lot that is not known . " The Army official said police searched Bordeaux 's apartment and vehicle , but the official did not know where the vehicle was found . Bordeaux was reported missing Monday when she failed to report for duty , the official said . Bordeaux 's older sister , Olivia Cox , told reporters Tuesday it was out of character for Bordeaux to miss work . Bordeaux 's mother , Johnna Henson , said she had been told by police that an individual gave her daughter a ride to the bar , where she took part in karaoke . Henson told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Tuesday that her daughter was "  spooked " while someone was driving her home , and that Bordeaux reportedly told the driver to let her out before she reached her apartment . Henson said she does not believe her daughter arrived home . Bordeaux is described as being 5 feet tall and weighing 99 pounds , with blond hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing black shorts and a pink halter top , police said . Bordeaux is from St. Cloud , Florida , and lives off base , according to Jackie Thomas , Fort Bragg spokeswoman . A health service specialist , Bordeaux is assigned to the 601st Area Support Medical Company , 261st Multifunctional Medical Battalion , 44th Medical Brigade . Bordeaux and her civilian husband have been married two years , according to Cox . The sisters last communicated on Friday . "  I texted her . And we laughed and joked and everything was happy , " said Cox . Police asked anyone with information to contact Fayetteville police . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Search of pond area will continue Thursday morning Police are searching the area where Army Pfc. Kelli Bordeaux was last seen Bordeaux was last seen at a bar early Saturday Her cell phone used a nearby tower , police say
CNN  -- Italy beat England 4-2 in a penalty shootout to reach the semifinals of Euro 2012 after their match in Kiev Sunday ended goalless following extra time . Alessandro Diamanti converted the deciding penalty to give Italy a deserved victory after they had dominated for prolonged periods . They will play Germany for a place in the final in Warsaw Thursday . Portugal play defending champions Spain in the first semifinal in Donetsk Wednesday . The Italians were first to miss in the shootout when Riccardo Montolivo shot wide , but England 's delight was short-lived when Ashley Young 's well-struck spot-kick rattled the crossbar . Man of the match Andrea Pirlo then pulled Italy level at 2-2 with an impudent chip over Joe Hart , before Ashley Cole saw his effort saved by Gianluigi Buffon . Soccer Live : CNN 's live blog of England vs Italy Diamanti supplied the winning touch , prompting his teammates to charge forward in celebration as England were once again left to rue their failure to win a penalty shootout at a major competition . "  We 've gone out without being beaten with our heads held high and making the country proud , " a defiant England manager Roy Hodgson told reporters after their defeat . Cesare Prandelli 's Italy had the better of the opening exchanges in regulation time , with Daniele de Rossi almost giving the Azzurri the lead after two minutes when his swerving volley hit the woodwork . England also went close when Buffon was forced to claw away a Glen Johnson effort . Manchester City 's mercurial talent Mario Balotelli was a constant threat to England and saw a close range effort blocked by Hart , before Wayne Rooney set up his Manchester United teammate Danny Welbeck , only to see him to fire over from a good position . Italy ended the half the stronger team -- Antonio Cassano had a snap shot parried by Hart , while Balotelli ballooned over from close range . The pattern continued after the break with de Rossi guilty of a bad miss after Hart could only push out a Cassano corner . Balotelli , who might by that point have scored a hat-trick , was again frustrated with a volleyed effort , which Hart saved with his legs -- Montolivo then shot over the bar from the rebound . There was further frustration in the closing moments when Pirlo found space in the England box , but his goal-bound volley was blocked by Johnson . And into injury time , substitute Andy Carroll headed back for Rooney to scissor kick over in a rare England attack . In extra time , Diamanti saw his intended cross deceive Hart and hit the outside of the post , as the Italians continued to dominate possession . Italy thought they had won it in the dying minutes of the second period when Antonio Nocerino headed in Diamanti 's dangerous cross , but he was ruled to be offside .	Italy beat England in a penalty shootout to reach Euro 2012 semifinals Match ended 0-0 after regulation and extra time Italy wasted a string of chances to seal victory Italy to play Germany in Warsaw on Thursday in last four
CNN  -- Savita Halappanavar died last month in Ireland after being denied a lifesaving abortion . If she had lived in the United States -- where in two months we will mark four decades of safe and legal abortion on the anniversary of the Roe v. Wade ruling -- she likely would be alive today . I was a little girl when this decision overturned state bans across the country that prevented women from access to medically safe procedures . Unlike my mother 's generation -- when women often died from self-induced abortions or back-alley abortions performed by a person with no skills or training , often under unsanitary conditions -- my siblings , friends , classmates and I grew up with the ability to make informed decisions when faced with an unintended or medically problematic pregnancy . Worldwide , many women are unable to make personal health decisions . The consequences are grave . According to a World Health Organization report , about 47,000 women die each year around the world from unsafe abortions . This accounts for about 13 % of all maternal deaths . Most of these women die in developing countries , where severe legal restrictions and lack of access to modern medical care drive women to seek unsafe procedures . By contrast , abortion in the United States is incredibly safe : Fewer than 0.3 % of women experience complications that require hospitalization . But Halappanavar died in a highly developed country . After 17 weeks of pregnancy , she went to the hospital , miscarrying and in extreme pain . Her husband says doctors denied requests for an abortion to save her life ; after three days the fetus died , and after suffering for four days , Savita Halappanavar died of blood poisoning . Her death in Ireland serves as a stark reminder that living in a developed country does not necessarily protect us from backward health policies . Lawmakers in Ireland who defend that country 's near-total ban on abortion rely on the same politically driven arguments echoed across much of the U.S. by opponents of women 's freedom to choose , as they try to chip away at access to safe and legal abortion . In Ohio , for example , legislators are considering a bill that would ban abortion early in pregnancy , even before some women know they are pregnant . According to an analysis from the Guttmacher Institute , half the women in our nation live in states hostile to abortion access ; and in 2011 alone , states enacted a record 92 provisions seeking to restrict women 's access to abortion . This is not the legacy I wish for my children . I want my son and daughter to grow up in a country where they make their own health care decisions and their privacy is respected . Unless we stand up to these attacks on women 's health and personal decision making , we are sure to hear more stories like Halappanavar 's -- and this time closer to home . Senseless decisions do not just happen in other countries . In Nebraska , doctors refused to allow Danielle Deaver to end her pregnancy after she learned her daughter would not survive , citing the state 's ban on abortion past 20 weeks gestation . Instead , Deaver was forced to deliver an infant who died moments after birth . Evidence shows time and again that banning abortion does not make it go away -- it merely leads to more unsafe abortions and more women dying . Some of the countries with the highest abortion rates worldwide have the most restrictive policies . On the other hand , countries with the lowest abortion rates tend to have more supportive abortion policies and strong policy support for contraception . Policymakers truly interested in reducing abortion should support strong investment in contraception at home and abroad . Under the Affordable Care Act , millions more Americans will be eligible for birth control coverage without a co-pay â $ " which will have a tremendous impact for women across the country who find it a struggle to use contraception consistently because of its cost . The U.S. is the largest investor in global family planning and HIV/AIDS programs in the world . We need to protect these investments from budget cuts to ensure that women everywhere can plan and space their children 's births and prevent unintended pregnancy and disease . As the United Nations recently declared , access to contraception is a universal human right . We also need to fight for better access to safe and legal abortion at home and abroad . As Halappanavar 's case devastatingly demonstrates , even during a planned pregnancy , a woman must sometimes consider an abortion . The difficult decision to end a pregnancy , to choose adoption or to raise a child should be up to the woman , in consultation with her family , her faith and her doctor . On January 22 , when my family honors the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade , I want to be able to tell my children that our country is moving forward , not turning back the clocks . We will remember Savita Halappanavar on that day and repeat the mantra echoed at vigils in Ireland and around the world honoring her wholly preventable death : Never again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Latanya Mapp Frett .	Savita Halappanavar died in Ireland after being denied an abortion Latanya Mapp Frett : Before Roe v. Wade , women in U.S. often died from unsafe abortions Frett : Abortion opponents in U.S. are trying to end a woman 's right to free choice Banning abortion does not stop it , she writes , it leads to more women dying
CNN  -- Maria de Villota , the Formula One test driver who lost the sight in her right eye in a crash earlier this month , has left hospital and returned home to Spain . The Marussia test driver was discharged from Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge , UK on Friday , the F1 team said . The 32-year-old suffered severe facial and neck injuries which required two operations after her car plowed into a stationary truck at the Duxford Airfield on July 3 . "  Over the course of the past two weeks Maria has made significant progress . More comfortable and familiar surroundings , plus the support of her wider family and friends , will undoubtedly provide a more conducive environment in which Maria can commence the next phase of her recovery , " Marussia said in a statement . "  Marussia have remained in close contact with the medical team at Addenbrooke 's Hospital since Maria 's admittance and would like to express their gratitude for the remarkable care and attention she has received there . Marussia F1 : car not a factor in crash "  Marussia - the staff , race drivers Timo Glock and Charles Pic , and all those associated with the team - wish Maria well with the next stage of her recovery . "  The management team will continue to liaise closely with Maria and her family and provide any assistance possible during the coming months . " De Villota joined Britain-based Marussia in July after a career which has included spells in Spanish Formula Three , the Euroseries 3000 and the Daytona 24 Hours . The Madrid-born racer is the daughter of former March team Formula One driver Emilio de Villota .	F1 test driver leaves UK hospital and returns to Spain to continue rehabilitation The 32-year-old lost sight in right eye following crash at UK 's Duxford Airfield Marussia team praise Addenbrooke 's Hospital , Cambridge for "  remarkable care and attention "
CNN  -- By tradition , Drama is represented by two masks : the happy face of the comic muse Thalia and her sad counterpart , the tragic muse Melpomene . If Drama were Robin Williams , you 'd need a million more . He was a mask of howling laughter , a mask of wide-eyed innocence . A sneer . A frown . Even , at times , a blank . If it seemed like we knew what went on behind the many masks , it was because Williams ' quicksilver mind and boundless talent possessed enough energy to blow them right off his face . He WAS Mork . He WAS Adrian Cronauer of "  Good Morning , Vietnam . " He WAS Patch Adams , and "  Aladdin 's " genie , and Mrs. Doubtfire . But he was also the restrained Garp in "  The World According to Garp , " and the creepy Seymour Parrish in "  One Hour Photo , " and the firm but compassionate Sean Maguire in "  Good Will Hunting , " the performance that won him an Oscar . It was that side of Williams -- something raw and vulnerable , not something manic and boisterous -- that made you wonder : who was he when he took off the mask ? On Monday , Williams was found dead in his home in Tiburon , California . He was 63 . Coroner investigators suspect "  the death to be a suicide due to asphyxia , " according to a statement from the Marin County , California , Sheriff 's Office . It 's a clichÃ © , of course , the clown who laughs on the outside while crying -- or dying -- on the inside . It 's Pavarotti 's Pagliacci and Charlie Chaplin 's Little Tramp ; Willy Wonka and Laurence Olivier 's Archie Rice . Show business history is filled with stories of comic kings who fought against depression and substance abuse , not always successfully . Jonathan Winters , Williams ' hero , was institutionalized for a time . The effortless Dick Van Dyke once said he was "  mostly drunk for 15 years . " John Belushi and Chris Farley died of overdoses . Mitch Hedberg , Freddie Prinze , Richard Jeni -- all funny men , all gone before their time . There 's no question that comedy can be a form of escape -- and recognition . Richard Pryor , one of the most brilliant comedians who ever strode on stage , was raised in a brothel , married multiple times , struggled with demons both societal and personal . He was ruthless -- especially on himself . Yet he was scathingly , mercilessly funny . It was comedy that drew blood , comedy as catharsis . Chris Farley , on the other hand , grew up in a close-knit , comfortable clan -- but also sometimes seemed to be running from something . His immersion in Matt Foley , the divorced motivational speaker who lived in a "  van down by the river , " was both hilarious and a little scary . "  We lose at least one great comic to suicide or ODs every year , " tweeted comedian Michael Ian Black on Monday . "  Our jobs are to communicate , but we seem to not know how to ask for help . " Williams , the son of an auto company executive and a model , was remarkably open about his own battles . He was a chubby , bullied child who found he could make others laugh . Later , on talk shows , he could be outrageously stream-of-consciousness , a bicycle careening down a hill without any brakes -- and , just as quickly , brutally honest , admitting to sadnesses and abuses and mistakes . "  His bearing is intensely Zen and almost mournful , and when he 's not putting on voices he speaks in a low , tremulous baritone -- as if on the verge of tears -- that would work very well if he were delivering a funeral eulogy , " wrote Decca Aitkenhead , who interviewed him for the UK Guardian in 2010 . Inevitably , he 'd make light of the problem -- the great line , "  Cocaine is God 's way of telling you that you make too much money , " is his -- but underneath there was a sense of a man wrestling with demons , a man wishing to put on another mask in an attempt to scare them away . It is a mask that perhaps only the most blameless of us have never tried on . But if it 's another clichÃ © that comedians hide anger under all those laughs , Williams did n't fit the stereotype . With him , what was underneath was compassion . It showed in his performances , notably the therapist in "  Good Will Hunting . " It showed in his participation in such causes as Comic Relief , which raised money for the homeless , and in his USO tours , entertaining troops in Kuwait , Afghanistan and Iraq . Celebrities remember Robin Williams He 'd had open-heart surgery several years ago , and it made him reflect on mortality . "  It breaks through your barrier , you 've literally cracked the armor . And you 've got no choice , it literally breaks you open , " he told the Guardian . Sure , there were performances in which he seemed less than kind -- whether on screen , as a villain in "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , " or in his real life , with messy divorces that he described , with perhaps a touch of bitterness , as "  ripping your heart out through your wallet . " Given all that , who would n't want to put on Thalia 's mask , with laughter riding across the audience in waves , approval on demand , smiles all around ? Robin Williams wore it well . It 's sad that , in the end , he exited with Melpomene . Complete coverage on Robin Williams See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	While widely-regarded as one of the funniest men alive , Williams was battling depression Many comics are commonly known to have a darker side "  We lose at least one great comic to suicide or ODs every year , " tweeted comedian Michael Ian Black
How can you not love Hong Kong ? Home of Bruce Lee , divine dim sum , lofty buildings , loftier real estate prices and -- in spite of all those buildings -- easy access to incredible stretches of great outdoors . It 's been more than 15 years since the British handed Hong Kong over to Chinese rule but little has changed . Hong Kong remains a competitive and independent city , consistently ranked as one of the world 's best places to live . But do n't take our word for it . Here are 10 things this great city does better than anywhere else . 1 . Tonal talents Native English speakers who 've managed to learn Cantonese from scratch : give yourselves a pat on the back . The language has a total of six to nine tones , depending on where you 're hearing it , compared to English 's zero tones . No other Asian language comes close .  There are four tones in Mandarin , five in Thai and six in Vietnamese  . That 's kind of like saying one English word can be pronounced six different ways and have at least six different meanings . Locals like to say this makes us particularly good at music  certain karaoke sessions have proven otherwise  and studies have shown there 's some truth to this . To add to the complexity -- and fun -- of the language , Cantonese is a dialect with new slang invented everyday and many words are n't used in written communication . Intimidated ? Check out Carlos Douh 's YouTube channel , the Internet 's most entertaining Cantonese language teacher , for quick and easy Cantonese lessons . 2 . Staying alive Do n't wan na get murdered ? Come to Hong Kong ! The city not only has one of the lowest crime rates in the world , it ranks third in a list compiled by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in 2011 of places with the least homicides . Hong Kong -- with an intentional homicide rate of 0.2 per 100,000 people in the last 16 years -- only lost out to Monaco and Palau , where there have been zero recorded murders . When you consider that Hong Kong has a population of more than 7 million crammed into a city of 1,104 square kilometers , while Monaco only has about 36,000 people and idyllic island nation Palau about 20,000 , Hong Kong definitely triumphs as the safest city in the world . 3 . Getting you there Hong Kong is really good at getting you where you need to go . The public transportation system is famous around the world for its efficiency and profitability , making Hong Kong one of the least car-dependent cities , with only about 710,000 registered vehicles . In particular , the MTR Corporation that operates Hong Kong 's subway system is so good at what they do they run other city 's trains as well , including operating sections of subway lines in Beijing , Hangzhou , Shenzhen , London and the whole of Melbourne and Stockholm 's underground networks . 4 . Building into the sky When you 've got a heck of a lot of people and very little land , what do you do ? Hong Kong 's solution is to stack them up on top of each other , inside tall buildings . Once the city started doing it , it could n't stop . Hong Kong now has 1,251 skyscrapers and high-rises , the most in the world , creating a dramatic skyline . There 's the bamboo-like Bank of China by renowned architect I.M. Pei and the 490-meter International Commerce Centre  Hong Kong 's tallest  , the latter of which will become a gigantic art piece at the hands of sound artist Carsten Nicolai during Art Basel Hong Kong 2014 . 5 . Daredevil construction Most of those skyscrapers were built using bamboo scaffolding , an old craft that involves tying long pieces of sturdy bamboo together to form a freestanding grid structure for workmen to hang out on . Daredevil scaffolders dangling precariously on bits of bamboo suspended in midair , with a small harness for support , are a common and heart-stopping sight in Hong Kong 's streets . While most other cities are using steel and aluminium scaffolding , Hong Kong stands by bamboo , even establishing a licensing system through the Hong Kong Construction Industry Council . There are now more than 1,700 bamboo scaffolders registered with the Construction Workers Registration Board . 6 . Letting you keep your money As a financial center that 's historically been seen as the gateway to the Chinese market , Hong Kong is a great place to make money . What truly sets it apart is that residents actually get to keep most of the money they earn . With one of the lowest salaries tax rates in the world , capped at 15-17 % and no sales tax or VAT , Hong Kong is an attractive place to work and play . The profits tax rate is the same for foreign and local companies at a low 16.5 % and there 's no capital gains tax in Hong Kong . That does n't make the local government a charity case though . Property and shares trade keep the government flush -- Financial Secretary John Tsang estimates an HK$ 12 billion surplus for this year . Editor 's note : An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified the salaries tax rate . The error has been corrected . 7 . Kung fu movies Bruce Lee , Jackie Chan , Chow Yun Fat , Maggie Cheung , John Woo , Wong Kar-wai ... the list of Hong Kong 's cinematic heavy hitters goes on . For a relatively small city  population 7 million  tucked away in a far corner of East Asia , Hong Kong sure has produced a lot of Hollywood-worthy stars . But it 's the city 's kung fu movies that are the most recognized . "  Enter the Dragon , " "  Fist of Fury , " "  Once Upon a Time in China , " and "  Drunken Master " are just a few of the classics that come to mind . Much of the city 's cinematic martial arts glory is due to the efforts of one legendary movie mogul : Sir Run Run Shaw , who passed away at the age of 107 in January . Shaw put Hong Kong movies on the map by inventing and popularizing kung fu genre films in the 1970s and pushing co-productions such as "  Blade Runner . " Despite all that clout Shaw never got to work with Bruce Lee , as the kung fu superstar was offered a better deal by rival Golden Harvest early in his career . More : Ultimate Hong Kong kung fu tour 8 . Soft landings One of the most impressive sites for Hong Kong visitors is the airport . Most love the efficiency , the fast connection to the city through the Airport Express , and the frequent traveler system that allows jet setters to use a fast lane through immigration . The airport is one of the most lauded in the world , winning nearly 40 awards from international operations since it opened in 1998 and ranking atop Skytrax 's World 's Best Airport list for eight years in a row . Sure , it 's recently been toppled from the throne by Singapore 's Changi Airport . But Hong Kong handles more passenger traffic , 53 million passengers in 2011 . Take that , Singapore . 9 . Foodie-ism Hong Kong : 7 million people , 15,000 restaurants . This is a city of unashamedly camera-toting , food-blogging , lip-smacking gourmands . And while we do n't have the restaurant density of New York City , our diversity is staggering . Foodies here will have lunch at a three Michelin star restaurant and dinner at a street-side dai pai dong hawker stall . Our cha chaan teng diners can whip up fantastical East-meets-West dishes , considered sacrilegious anywhere else in the world -- ever tried a syrup-slathered French toast filled with satay beef slices ? Or instant noodles dressed in a cheese sauce ? No ? You have n't lived . Take it from this city of people who are very good at eating . 10 . Partying so hard the neighbors want in on it First time visitors to Hong Kong 's party area , Lan Kwai Fong , might think they 've entered a time warp , suddenly appearing in Ibiza or Cancun at 9 p.m. on a Friday night . The area crams more than 100 bars , restaurants , clubs and shops into just a few short streets  and in the high-rises along the streets  , which themselves are nearly always crammed with expats , flight attendants and other 9-to-5 refugees . Neon lights blur into happy hour signs , which blur into fridges filled with garishly colored vodka jelly shots . Come special events , such as the Rugby Sevens or New Year 's Eve , the area gets ridiculously , lung-crushingly crowded . Lankwaifong.com claims it 's "  Hong Kong 's premiere dining and entertainment destination , " which makes it sound somewhat more sophisticated than it really is . But for turning a rubbish Tuesday workday into a heady , beery , feels-like-Friday evening , where you 're guaranteed to meet someone you know , there 's no place like it . It 's so successful that Chinese cities are asking Lan Kwai Fong Group to re-create the nightlife districts in their cities , namely Lan Kwai Fong Chengdu and Lan Kwai Fong Wuxi . What other things do you think Hong Kong does best ? Tell us in the comment section .	Hong Kong has 1,251 skyscrapers and high-rises , the most in the world Movie mogul Sir Run Run Shaw is credited with putting Hong Kong 's martial arts movies on global screens Hong Kong has the lowest homicide rate of any major city in the world
CNN  -- Hacking your Xbox : So easy , even a 5-year-old could do it ? A San Diego boy has the gaming world 's attention after he exposed a security flaw that let him log into his dad 's Xbox Live account , without permission , on the family 's Xbox One console . "  I was like ... yeah ! " young Kristoffer Von Hassel said to KGTV-10 , a CNN affiliate . Kristoffer 's father , Robert Davies , noticed soon after Christmas that his son was logging into his account and playing games that were n't appropriate for his age . When he asked how , Kristoffer showed him a hack that seems simple in retrospect but is fairly impressive considering a 5-year-old found it . Kristoffer would go to his dad 's account and type in an incorrect password . That would take him to a password verifications screen , where he would simply tap the space bar repeatedly and then press "  enter . " "  How awesome is that ? " asked Davies , who works in online security himself . "  Just being 5 years old and being able to find a vulnerability and latch on to that . I thought that was pretty cool . " He told KGTV that Kristoffer has figured out three or four other "  hacks , " including getting past the lock on a smartphone by holding down the "  home " key for long enough . Dad reported the vulnerability to Microsoft . And Microsoft acted , issuing a fix for the vulnerability . "  We 're always listening to our customers and thank them for bringing issues to our attention , " the company said in a written statement . "  We take security seriously at Xbox and fixed the issue as soon as we learned about it . " The company has even included Kristoffer 's name on a list of security researchers who have helped make online Microsoft products safer . For his discovery  or , more accurately , for reporting it with his father 's help  , Kristoffer will receive four games , $ 50 and a year 's subscription to Xbox Live from Microsoft . Whether a career in computer security awaits remains to be seen .	A 5-year-old California boy hacked his father 's Xbox Live account Kristoffer Von Hassel was playing games he was n't supposed to play Microsoft has fixed the exploit and credited Kristoffer Dad : "  I thought that was pretty cool "
CNN  -- Entertainer Michael Jackson died after being taken to a hospital on Thursday having suffered cardiac arrest , according to the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office . A Los Angeles fire official told CNN that paramedics arrived at Michael Jackson 's home after a 911 call . Paramedics took Jackson , 50 , from his west Los Angeles home Thursday afternoon to UCLA Medical Center , where a team of physicians attempted to resuscitate him for more than an hour , said brother Jermaine Jackson . He said the famed singer was pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. PT . An autopsy is scheduled Friday , he said . Results are expected Friday afternoon , according to Lt. Fred Corral of the Los Angeles coroner 's office , who also said Jackson was unresponsive when he arrived at the hospital . Fire Capt. Steve Ruda told CNN paramedics were sent to a west Los Angeles , California , residence after a 911 call came in at 12:21 p.m. Law enforcement officials said the Los Angeles Police Department Robbery-Homicide Division opened an investigation into Jackson 's death . They stressed there is no evidence of criminal wrongdoing but that they would conduct interviews with family members and friends . CNN Analyst Roland S. Martin spoke on Thursday with Marlon Jackson , brother of Michael Jackson . "  I talked to Frank Dileo , Michael 's manager . Frank told me that Michael last night was complaining about not feeling well . He called to tell him he was n't feeling well . "  Michael 's doctor went over to see him , and Frank said , ` Marlon , from last night to this morning , I do n't know what happened . ' When they got to him this morning , he was n't breathing . They rushed him to the hospital and could n't bring him around . " "  Janet Jackson is grief-stricken and devastated at the sudden loss of her brother , " Kenneth Crear , her manager said . "  She is ... flying immediately to California to be with her family . " Michael Jackson , the music icon from Gary , Indiana , was known as the "  King of Pop . " Jackson had many No. 1 hits , and his "  Thriller " is the best-selling album of all time . Watch why Jackson is "  as big as it gets " " Jackson was the seventh of nine children from a well-known musical family . He is survived by three children , Prince Michael I , Paris and Prince Michael II . Watch Jesse Jackson share memories " Jackson 's former wife , Lisa Marie Presley , said she was "  shocked and saddened " by Jackson 's death . "  My heart goes out to his children and his family , " she said . At the medical center , every entrance to the emergency room was blocked by security guards . Even hospital staffers were not permitted to enter . A few people stood inside the waiting area , some of them crying . iReport.com : Your Michael Jackson tributes Video footage shows a large crowd gathering outside the hospital . Some of Jackson 's music was being played outside . The sounds of "  Thriller " and "  Beat It " bounced off the walls . Kingston : Jackson "  a legend " " Outside Jackson 's Bel Air home , police arrived on motorcycles . The road in front of the home was closed in an attempt to hold traffic back , but several people were gathered outside the home . Sharpton : Jackson "  was a trailblazer " " Along with his success Jackson had some legal troubles later in his career . He was acquitted of child molestation charges after a well-publicized trial in Santa Maria , California , in March 2006 . Prosecutors charged the singer with four counts of lewd conduct with a child younger than 14 ; one count of attempted lewd conduct ; four counts of administering alcohol to facilitate child molestation ; and one count of conspiracy to commit child abduction , false imprisonment or extortion . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Marlon Jackson : Manager said doctor was at Michael 's home Wednesday night NEW : Jackson said he was n't feeling well Wednesday , brother says Former wife Lisa Marie Presley "  shocked and saddened " by death Jackson pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. PT , says brother Jermaine Jackson
CNN  Posts on his Facebook page rail against religion . But was that the motive of a gunman who allegedly killed three Muslim students in Chapel Hill , North Carolina ? As thousands of mourners joined funeral prayers for the three victims , conflicting details emerged about the suspect , 46-year-old Craig Hicks . His wife , who attorneys said is in the process of getting a divorce , described her husband as someone who believes everyone is equal . Karen Hicks told CNN affiliate WTVD , something inside his head must have snapped before the shooting . Neighbors told reporters that Craig Hicks was known for angrily confronting people over everything from loud music to parking issues in the area . One described him as someone who showed "  equal opportunity anger . " At one point last year , the situation got so bad neighbors organized a meeting "  to talk about how he kind of made everyone feel uncomfortable and unsafe , " she said . But the victims ' families said there 's no question religion was behind the gunman 's decision to pull the trigger . "  We have no doubt that the way they looked and the way they believed had something to do with this , " said Mohammad Abu-Salha , whose two daughters were killed in the shooting . A Facebook page that is believed to belong to Hicks includes many posts that are critical of religion , particularly Christianity . "  If you plan to be enjoying heaven while multitudes are tortured ... then you are as much a sociopath as the god that you worship , " one photo says . Another post describes religion as "  the world 's most successful pyramid scam . " The page describes Craig Hicks as an atheist and an anti-theist . Anti-theists are a particularly outspoken group of atheists who can be confrontational about their disbelief , researchers at University of Tennessee at Chattanooga said in a recent study . "  Anti-theists view religion as ignorance and see any individual or institution associated with it as backward and socially detrimental , " the researchers wrote . "  The anti-theist has a clear and -- in their view , superior -- understanding of the limitations and danger of religions . " But Karen Hicks told reporters that the shooting had nothing to do with religion . Her husband believed in people 's rights , she said . "  We were married for seven years and that is one thing that I do know about him . He often champions on his Facebook page for the rights of many individuals , for same-sex marriages , abortion , race . He just believed , and I know that 's just one of the things I know about him , is everyone is equal , " she said . "  It does n't matter what you look like or who you are or what you believe . " The Facebook profile includes numerous posts advocating same-sex marriage rights . There are photos of Craig and Karen Hicks together at Disney World , and a photo of him riding an all-terrain vehicle in the woods . A post on the page last month showed a photo of a gun on a scale . "  Yes , that is 1 pound 5.1 ounces for my loaded 38 revolver , its holster , and five extra rounds in a speedloader , " the caption reads . Authorities have n't said what kind of gun the suspect used in this week 's shooting . But one 911 caller described hearing six shots . Asked about the Facebook page and the gun photo at a press conference on Wednesday , his wife declined to comment . Instead , attorney Michele English stepped in . "  Mrs. Hicks has told us that her husband did have a concealed weapons permit . He was lawfully carrying a gun . He was a champion for Second Amendment rights , " English said . "  He believed strongly in them and the constitutionality behind those . " The Office of the Capital Defender in Durham , North Carolina , said it will be representing Craig Hicks . His attorney , Stephen Freedman , did not respond to a request for comment . Recently , the accused gunman had been planning to play a very different role in the courtroom . He was studying to become a paralegal at Durham Technical Community College . He was supposed to graduate in May , his wife said . She told reporters that the shooting happened after her husband came home from class Tuesday . At the school , Craig Hicks was an "  exemplary student , " college spokesman Carver Weaver said , and no trouble about him was ever reported . Susan Sutton , who taught him in her classroom just before the shooting , told WRAL that HIcks was "  bright , hard-working and kind . " But at the Finley Forest condominium complex where Hicks lived , neighbors painted a different picture . Christopher Lafreniere , a driver who often towed cars from the complex , told WRAL that Hicks called so much to request that cars be towed that it became a problem for the company . "  He did n't like people parking in his space , and he was really , really adamant , " Lafreniere said . "  I did n't understand why . " Last year , the problem became so severe that members of the community had a meeting to discuss it , Samantha Maness , 25 , told the News & Observer newspaper . "  There were just a lot of instances of him getting people 's cars towed , and just being very aggressive towards anyone who came , visitors , residents , " she said . "  And so someone in the community organized a meeting to talk about how he kind of made everyone in the community feel uncomfortable and unsafe . " Asked whether she thought the shooting had anything to do with religion , Maness said Hicks displayed "  equal opportunity anger . " "  I have seen and heard him be very unfriendly to a lot of people in this community , " she said . "  He was very angry , anytime I saw him , " she told WRAL . When is a crime a ` hate crime ' ? CNN 's Eric Fiegel , Jean Casarez , Daniel Burke and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Craig Hicks ' wife says he believes everyone is equal Posts on what 's believed to be his Facebook page rail against religion Neighbors say he was known for angrily confronting people over loud music , parking
Shiner , Texas  CNN  -- Shiner is a place you can raise your cattle and chickens under the hot Texas sun , cool off with a bottle from the Lone Star State 's oldest independent brewery , then go to bed knowing all your neighbors and believing that you 'll be safe . But a few days ago , one of its trademark ranches turned into a crime scene . That 's when a father spotted a man sexually assaulting his 5-year-old daughter , then beat the alleged abuser to death . In a community that prides itself as being peaceful , a place where things like this just do n't happen , there is a sweeping consensus that justice was served . "  Any father would have done that , " Michael James Veit , whose son graduated with the father from Shiner High School in 2007 and who now lives across the road from the ranch where the killing took place , said Thursday . "  Everybody is saying the father is justified . " According to the Lavaca County Sheriff 's Office , the 23-year-old father and his family were enjoying a barbecue last Saturday at their ranch on Shiner 's outskirts where they keep horses and chickens . His young daughter had gone off toward the barn , to feed the chickens , the child 's grandfather -- who is n't being named , to protect the identity of his granddaughter -- told CNN affiliates KSAT and KPRC . Then her father heard screaming and ran . He found a 47-year-old man in the act of sexually abusing his daughter , according to Sheriff Mica Harmon . The father stopped the alleged abuser , then pounded him repeatedly in the head . "  I jumped the fence and saw the man on the ground , " the grandfather said of what he first saw . "  At that point , I did n't know if he was dead or not . " Authorities did , in fact , pronounce the alleged abuser dead . Lavaca County Precinct Judge Alene Lyons said Monday that a preliminary autopsy report shows he "  died from blunt-force head and neck injuries , " adding toxicology report results should be back in six weeks . Harmon described the victim as an acquaintance of the family , known for his horse-grooming abilities . He has not been publicly identified by authorities . The father himself called 911 , telling them that his daughter 's alleged abuser was lying , beaten , on the ground . Afterward , the sheriff said that the admitted killer appeared "  very remorseful " and did n't know the other man would die at the scene . Asked whether authorities would press charges against the father , the sheriff responded , "  You have a right to defend your daughter . He acted in defense of his third person . Once the investigation is completed , we will submit it to the district attorney , who then submits it to the grand jury , who will decide if they will indict him . " Neighbors portrayed the father as hard-working , friendly and polite , the type of guy who reliably addresses others as "  Sir . " "  He 's not a violent guy . He 's never been in any trouble in his life , " Veit said of a man he described as a single father who worked nobly to make ends meet . "  He 's a good , honest , hard-working kid . " Most any violence is unexpected in Shiner , a community between Houston and San Antonio that has about 2,000 people within its city limits and another 1,500 or so on its outskirts , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Billing itself as the "  Cleanest Little City in Texas , " Shiner is known for the Spoetzl Brewery , a wire and plastics company , not to mention its acres upon acres of plains and farms . Veit calls it "  a small-town community , " filled with folks who may not be wealthy but who work hard and look out for one another . "  Nothing ever happens . There 's never any murders here , " Veit said . "  Everybody knows everybody and gets along with everybody .  This killing  is a real big shock . " Man kills his alleged abuser	Texas sheriff says a man finds a man sexually abusing his 5-year-old daughter The father beats the man to death , then calls 911 , the sheriff 's office says Neighbors say they believe the actions of the father were justified The father has not been charged
North Korea 's fury over the movie comedy "  The Interview " appears to have taken the secretive state 's oversensitivity to new extremes . Kim Jong Un 's regime had already branded the film "  the most undisguised terrorism and a war action . " Now , the U.S. government is set to blame Pyongyang for the hacking of Sony Pictures , the studio responsible for the movie starring Seth Rogen and James Franco that shows the assassination of Kim . Sony has pulled the film after a threat was made against people going to see it in theaters . "  North Korea has provided a new gold standard for weakness in international politics : a state that feels threatened by a Seth Rogen movie , " tweeted Jennifer Lind , an associate professor at Dartmouth College who specializes in East Asian security issues . North Korea reserves most of its rage for matters like U.N. sanctions over its nuclear program and U.S.-South Korean military drills near its borders . But "  The Interview " is n't the first case of Pyongyang freaking out over seemingly innocuous things . Here are some striking examples : Christmas trees The festive season is rarely full of cheer across the heavily armed border between North and South Korea , known as the demilitarized zone . Christmas decorations put up on the South Korean side have become a recurring sore point . Pyongyang especially disliked a 30-meter tower in the shape of a Christmas tree that sat atop a hill with tens of thousands of lights that could be seen from well inside North Korean territory . The North reportedly said the decorations were an attempt to spread religion over the border and , in 2011 , threatened "  unexpected consequences " if the lights were turned on . South Korean authorities recently took down the ageing structure , but they have approved plans by a Christian group to build a new tower . North Korea 's track record of "  Bah ! Humbug ! " goes back decades -- it was objecting to Christmas trees at the border as long ago as the 1960s . A report in The New York Times from 1964 said Pyongyang had also complained about American troops throwing snowballs at North Korean soldiers around the demilitarized zone . Soap operas North Korea is well known for its efforts to rigidly control what information from outside its borders filters through to its citizens . But that apparently does n't stop some of them from eagerly seeking out illicit copies of TV shows from South Korea and other countries . South Korean dramas are reported to be particularly popular . The potential risks of watching the shows , which highlight the disparities between North Korea 's largely impoverished population and its neighbor to the south , are enormous . South Korea 's National Intelligence Service told lawmakers in October that officials from the North 's ruling party had been executed by firing squad for viewing a South Korean soap opera . Despite the regime 's draconian stance , its young leader has shown plenty of enthusiasm for Western culture . Kim , who is believed to have gone to school in Switzerland , has been shown watching a performance featuring Disney characters and has befriended the eccentric former NBA star Dennis Rodman . K-pop As relations between the two Koreas soured in 2010 after the sinking of a South Korean warship , Seoul retaliated by broadcasting an anti-North Korean radio show . The broadcast opened with a pop song from the South Korean girl band Four Minute . The South Korean government also began setting up groups of huge speakers along the border to blast propaganda across into North Korea , something it had n't done for years because of a thaw in relations . Infuriated , Pyongyang threatened to bomb the loudspeaker positions and turn Seoul into "  a sea of flame . " Tightly cropped photos Foreign visitors to North Korea face a range of tight restrictions on where they go and what they do . Those limits encompass what kind of photos they take . "  There are many restrictions on photography that have to be obeyed in DPRK , " warns the travel agency Koryo Tours , using a shorthand term for North Korea . Photographers who have spent time in the country say that particular care must be taken when snapping pictures of statues of North Korean leaders . "  It 's seen as an insult to crop out hands , feet or head when taking photos of statues or pictures of government leaders or officials , " Olaf Schuelke , a documentary photographer , wrote in an article for CNN . His comments were echoed by photojournalist Julia Leeb , who told NPR about her experience . "  You have to bow ... out of respect , and if you take pictures , you should take the entire statue , " she said . "  You can not take a portrait , for example ... because it 's a lack of respect . And you can not take pictures from behind . " Leeb also warned that you 're not allowed to fold a newspaper with an image of the leader on it . Balloons OK , so we 're not talking about party balloons . The North Korean regime regularly works itself into a lather of rage about balloons floated over the border by South Korean activists . Their anger is directed specifically at the cargo carried by the balloons . That can include items like dollar bills , DVDs and tiny AM/FM radios that show the prosperity in South Korea , as well as documents criticizing the North Korean regime . The balloons sometimes even carry Choco Pies , cheap snacks that are viewed as high-value treats in North Korea . The balloons drive the regime in Pyongyang nuts , drawing regular threats of violent reprisals . The North 's state media have warned in the past of "  merciless strikes " against the launches . In October , the North Korean military blasted anti-aircraft rounds at one flock of balloons , prompting South Korea to respond with a burst of heavy machine gun fire . The Bible In a state built around an extreme personality cult , other belief systems can be touchy subjects . That 's what Jeffrey Fowle , a municipal worker from Ohio , discovered to his considerable cost earlier this year . During a visit to the country , Fowle left a Bible at a club for foreign sailors . North Korean authorities interpreted the act as a violation of its laws and held the father of three prisoner for five months . "  I 'd read about the persecution of the Christians in the country -- I felt compelled to help them in some way , " Fowle told CNN in October after he was released by North Korea and flown out on a U.S. government plane . Although North Korea has some state-controlled churches , the regime forbids independent religious activities . One that is n't true Skewering the issue with its inimitable brand of satire , The Onion summed up North Korea 's melodramatic tendencies in 2006 with a spoof article about Kim Jong Un 's father and predecessor , entitled , "  Kim Jong-Il Interprets Sunrise As Act Of War . "	North Korea has described the movie "  The Interview " as "  terrorism and a war action " But it 's not the first seemingly harmless thing that has enraged the reclusive regime Pyongyang has been known to throw a fit over Christmas trees and Bibles It 's also come down hard on K-pop , tightly cropped photos and balloons
China has once again been rocked by a violent attack targeting civilians after two SUVs plowed into people gathered at an open market in Urumqi , the capital of the western Chinese region of Xinjiang . Explosives were tossed from the vehicles , before one of the SUVs exploded , leaving many shoppers dead or wounded on the streets as flames and smoke billowed from the scene . The incident left 31 dead and more than 90 others hurt , according to Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency . The brazen act was described by China 's Ministry of Public Security as "  a serious violent terrorist incident " and it vowed to crack down on the perpetrators . It was the latest in a series of deadly attacks in public places in China in the past few months . It also put the spotlight once again on Xinjiang , a region with a long history of friction between Han Chinese , China 's biggest and most dominant ethnic group , and the indigenous Uyghurs , a mainly Turkic-speaking Muslim population . What happened in the recent attacks ? -- April 30 , 2014 : After Chinese President Xi Jinping had wrapped up a visit to Xinjiang , an explosion rocked the South Railway Station of Urumqi , followed by a knife attack at the same location . Three people died and 79 others were injured in the attacks , according to Xinhua , as "  knife-wielding mobs " attacked people at one of the station 's exits following the blast . Two people , described as religious extremists and part of the East Turkistan Islamic Movement , were blamed for the incident . Both died in the blast . -- March 1 , 2014 : Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 were injured when 10 men armed with long knives stormed the station in the southwest Chinese city of Kunming . Kunming railway station is one of the largest in southwest China . Witnesses described men clad in black outfits stabbing and attacking people with cleavers and knives . Local government officials told Xinhua that evidence at the crime scene indicated "  it was orchestrated by Xinjiang separatist forces . " -- October 28 , 2013 : Chinese authorities indicated a Xinjiang connection when a jeep plowed into crowds in Tiananmen Square , killing five and injuring at least 40 . Who are the Uyghurs ? The Uyghurs are a predominantly Muslim ethnic group who live in Xinjiang , an area the size of Iran that is rich in natural resources , including oil . The province shares borders with Mongolia , Russia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Afghanistan , Pakistan and India . Uyghurs , who speak a language related to Turkish , regard themselves as culturally and ethnically close to central Asia , despite a long history of Chinese rule . Since the collapse of the Qing dynasty in 1912 , Xinjiang , which means "  new frontier " in Chinese , has enjoyed varying levels of autonomy . In 1933 , rebels declared independence and created the short-lived Islamic Republic of East Turkistan . The Chinese Communist Party took over the territory in 1949 and in 1955 it was declared an autonomous region , giving it a status similar to that of Tibet , which lies to the south of Xinjiang . Why do Uyghurs resent Chinese rule ? Over the decades , waves of Han Chinese migrants arrived in the region , displacing Uyghurs from their traditional lands and fueling tensions . Xinjiang is now home to more than 8 million Han Chinese , up from 220,000 in 1949 , and 10 million Uyghurs . The newcomers take most of the new jobs , and unemployment among Uyghurs is high . They complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces , despite official promises of equal rights and ethnic harmony . Activists say that a campaign is being waged to weaken the Uyghurs ' religious and cultural traditions and that the education system undermines use of the Uyghur language . Why is China concerned about the Uyghurs ? Simmering tensions have erupted into riots . The worst violence in decades took place in July 2009 , when rioting in Urumqi between Uyghurs and Han Chinese killed some 200 people and injured 1,700 . That unrest was followed by a crackdown by security forces . Beijing says Uyghur groups want to establish an independent state and , because of the Uyghurs ' cultural ties to their neighbors , leaders fear that elements may back a separatist movement in Xinjiang . What could be triggering attacks in Xinjiang ? It could be multiple factors , but China is increasing its grip over Xinjiang society , said James Leibold , senior lecturer of politics and Asian studies at La Trobe University in Melbourne . President Xi 's administration views Xinjiang "  as a crucial backdoor into central Asia " -- one that could provide a new Silk Road and economic opportunities . There are also natural resources in the province . China has quadrupled internal security budget in Xinjiang , he said . "  It has increased armed patrols as well as security cameras in the region . " At the same time , China has also injected money to boost economic development amongst the Ugyhur minority and the Han Chinese who live in Xinjiang , Leibold added . Is the violence in Xinjiang getting worse ? "  I think these things are cyclical in nature , " said Leibold , an expert on Chinese ethnic policy relations . "  If you look at Xinjiang over the last 60-plus years it 's been under Chinese Communist Party rule , the violence ebbs and flows . " The 1950s were particularly bloody , as was the Cultural Revolution , and violence was reported in the late 1990s and early 2000s , he said . "  It 's impossible to confirm that ethnic violence has increased , " he said . "  The government puts out statistics and all the information we get are bits and pieces . " The Chinese government blames what it calls three evil forces : Separatism , extremism and terrorism . What is significant in recent violence is that the target of the attacks appear to be shifting to civilians from security forces , he said . "  We have seen targeting of innocent civilians and places , an attempt to maim innocent civilians in large numbers , " Leibold said . "  This violence has seeped outside of Xinjiang autonomous region , " he added , referring to the incidents in Tiananmen and the Kunming train station several months ago . Are there Uyghur terrorist groups ? Some say the threats from Uyghur separatist groups have been exaggerated and that little of the violence inside Xinjiang should be considered terrorism . They also say that the civil unrest is carried out by individuals or small groups , rather than an organized militant group . However , Uyghur groups have claimed responsibility for bus bombs in Shanghai and Yunnan prior to the Olympics in 2008 . The Chinese government blamed an attempted hijacking of a flight in 2012 on Uyghurs . The U.S. State Department listed the East Turkestan Islamic Movement as a terrorist organization in 2002 in the wake of the September 11 attacks during a period of increased cooperation with China on security matters . After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in New York and Washington , some 22 Uyghurs were rounded up in Pakistan and Afghanistan and detained at Guantanamo Bay . The final three ethnic Uyghurs were released from Guantanamo to Slovakia where they were "  voluntarily " resettled early last year .	Violent attack in Urumqi open market brings spotlight on Xinjiang China 's Xinjiang autonomous region has a long history of friction Recent spate of attacks and bombings in China has been blamed on separatists
CNN  -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano on Friday canceled the controversial virtual fence along the U.S. border with Mexico , citing technical problems , cost overruns and schedule delays since its inception in 2005 . The Secure Border Initiative-network , a high-tech surveillance system to reduce border smuggling , so far has cost taxpayers almost $ 1 billion for two regions in Arizona , covering just 53 miles overall on the 2,000-mile border , according to a homeland security report . Napolitano announced "  a new path forward for security technology " along the border that is tailored to the needs of each region and provides "  faster deployment of technology , better coverage , and a more effective balance between cost and capability , " she said in a prepared statement . "  There is no ` one-size-fits-all ' solution to meet our border technology needs , " Napolitano said about her decision to end the problem-plagued virtual fence . Her new plan would use mobile surveillance systems , drones , thermal imaging devices , and tower-based remote video surveillance , she said . "  Where appropriate , this plan will also incorporate already existing elements of the former SBInet program that have proven successful , such as stationary radar , and infrared and optical sensor towers , " Napolitano said . Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , lauded the decision . "  The secretary 's decision to terminate SBInet ends a long-troubled program that spent far too much of the taxpayers ' money for the results it delivered , " Lieberman said in a written statement . "  From the start , SBInet 's one-size-fits-all approach was unrealistic . The department 's decision to use technology based on the particular security needs of each segment of the border is a far wiser approach , and I hope it will be more cost effective . " Rep. Bennie G. Thompson , D-Mississippi , ranking member of the House Committee on Homeland Security , said the virtual fence "  has been a grave and expensive disappointment since its inception . " Thompson said he is glad that homeland security officials are "  finally listening to what we have been saying for years -- that the sheer size and variations of our borders show us a one-stop solution has never been best , " he said in a prepared statement . "  I applaud them for taking this critical step toward using a more tailored technologically based approach to securing our nation 's borders . " The decision ends the work of federal contractor Boeing to build the virtual fence , and the homeland security agency will conduct open bidding for the new border plan , agency officials said . Boeing spokeswoman Jenna K. McMullin said in a statement that the firm remains "  committed to providing valuable solutions and supporting " the federal agency . "  We appreciate that they recognize the value of the integrated fixed towers Boeing has built , tested , and delivered so far , " McMullin said . "  We are proud of the accomplishments of our team and of the unprecedented capabilities delivered in the last year that provide Border Patrol agents increased safety , situational awareness , and operational efficiency . " Napolitano said "  unprecedented " manpower , infrastructure and resources along the border will complement her new border security plan . The U.S. Border Patrol is better staffed than at any time in its 86-year history , having nearly doubled the number of agents from approximately 10,000 in 2004 to more than 20,500 in 2010 , according to a homeland security report . Immigration and Customs Enforcement has increased the number of federal agents deployed to the Southwest border , with a quarter of its personnel currently in the region . President Obama has also deployed 1,200 National Guardsmen to the border . In fiscal years 2009 and 2010 , federal agents seized more than $ 282 million in illegal currency , more than 7 million pounds of drugs , and more than 6,800 weapons along the border -- increases of more than $ 73 million , more than 1 million pounds of drugs and more than 1,500 weapons compared with 2007-2008 . Also , the Border Patrol 's nationwide apprehensions of undocumented immigrants decreased from nearly 724,000 in 2008 to about 463,000 in 2010 , a 36 percent reduction , indicating that fewer people are attempting to illegally cross the border , a homeland security report said .	Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano cites cost overruns and technical problems The virtual fence for the 2,000-mile border was conceived in 2005 So far , taxpayers have spent almost $ 1 billion for only 53 miles of virtual fence in Arizona
CNN  -- A 19-year-old Detroit woman who was shot and killed on the front porch of a home was not shot at close range , according to an autopsy report . Police have said that the homeowner 's shotgun accidentally discharged , shooting Renisha McBride in the face . Lawyers for McBride say she was simply looking for help after a car crash , while those representing the homeowner say the 54-year-old was justified in his actions . As reported by the Detroit News , McBride 's autopsy left many questions unanswered . It confirmed that McBride had been shot in the face , but revealed little about how the early morning incident on November 2 unfolded . "  There was an entrance shotgun wound to the face , with no evidence of close range discharge of a firearm noted on the skin surrounding this wound , " said the autopsy report , which ruled her death a homicide . Police said McBride was in a car accident earlier that morning , but that hours passed between the crash and the time of her death . A woman told police that she helped McBride after the car crash , but that McBride said she wanted to go home and walked away from the scene , the Detroit News reported . The wreck happened about 1:30 a.m. and the shooting at 3:40 a.m. . The homeowner , whose name has not been released , has said that he was awakened before dawn and believed someone was trying to break into his home .	The autopsy report of Renisha McBride is released McBride was shot in the face in a November 2 incident A homeowner says his shotgun accidentally went off The autopsy says McBride was not shot at close range
Washington  CNN  -- Recreational boating accident deaths are on the rise , the U.S. Coast Guard 's Office of Auxiliary and Boating Safety announced in its 2009 Recreational Boating Statistics report Tuesday . The report states that deaths caused by recreational boating accidents have increased by 3.8 percent , with related injuries increasing by 0.8 percent , though the number of accidents actually decreased by 1.2 percent . A total of 4,730 accidents recorded by the Coast Guard in 2009 caused 736 deaths , over 3,300 injuries and about $ 36 million in property damage , according to the report . A number called the fatality rate , which compares the number of annual deaths against the number of registered boats , increased to 5.8 deaths per 100,000 registered boats in 2009 . The top five contributing factors to the accidents included boat operator inattention and inexperience , excessive speed , improper lookout and alcohol consumption . The report states that alcohol consumption "  continues to be of major concern " in fatal accidents , and was the leading factor in 16 percent of deaths . In addition , a full 86 percent of boat operators involved in fatal accidents had not received boat safety instruction . "  Nearly 75 percent of the 736 people who died in boating accidents in 2009 drowned , and 84 percent of those victims reportedly were not wearing a life jacket , " said Rear Adm. Kevin Cook , the Coast Guard 's director of prevention policy . "  The two most important things boaters can do to prevent the loss of life is to wear a life jacket and take a boater education course . "	Fatal accidents for recreational boaters increased by 3.8 percent in 2009 Inattention , inexperience and alcohol consumption were common contributors to the accidents Wearing a life jacket and taking boater education classes are good preventative measures , the Coast Guard says
CNN  -- Donald Trump visited "  Larry King Live " on Wednesday night to tout his new book , "  Think Like a Champion . " In a wide-ranging interview , Trump shared his thoughts on how to prosper in this economy , Bernie Madoff , how President Obama is doing , taxes and his daughter 's love life . On CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Wednesday night , Donald Trump said it 's a great time for entrepreneurs . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : Why this book ? Donald Trump : A lot of people wanted me to do a book right now about these troubled times that we 're all in . And it 's been sort of interesting . They 're great times , as an entrepreneur . I do n't think I 've ever seen better times as an entrepreneur . But the world is a mess , and the country is a mess . King : Why -LSB- is it a -RSB- good time for an entrepreneur and not necessarily for others ? Trump : Well , this is a time for smart people . This is a time for entrepreneurial people . This is a great time for people like me -- and maybe people like you , Larry , because I know you 're a great investor . ... Were n't you involved with -LSB- Bernie -RSB- Madoff ? King : A little bit , yes . You were n't , huh ? How did you resist him ? Trump : Honestly , I got lucky . He might have duped me like he did a lot of other people . He is a disaster . But now he 's where he belongs . King : With troubled times like this for the average guy , is this the time to think like a champion ? Watch Larry King 's entire interview with Donald Trump " Trump : This is the best time to think like a champion . As an example , the house is being foreclosed . You go see your bank -- maybe you can make a deal , maybe you ca n't . But you can make a deal with a bank on another house , and much better than the one you 're living in . ... They 'll do any deal to get rid of their product . They have houses by the thousands . And you go see that bank and you make a deal . King : How do you assess -LSB- Barack Obama -RSB- ? Trump : Well , I really like him . I think that he 's working very hard . He 's trying to rebuild our reputation throughout the world . The previous administration was a total disaster , a total catastrophe . And , you know , the world looks at us differently than they used to . ... He was handed a pretty bad deck of cards . And I 'm not saying I agree with everything he 's doing . ... I do agree with what they 're doing with the banks . Whether they fund them or nationalize them , it does n't matter , but you have to keep the banks going . King : Do you assess him as a champion ? Trump : Oh , yes , he 's a champion . I mean , he won against all odds . When he first announced , people were giving him virtually no chance . And he 's just done something that 's amazing . King : Is fear harmful in this -LSB- economic -RSB- situation , Donald , or is it realistic ? Trump : Well , I think it 's realistic . People are afraid . They 're scared . They 're losing their jobs . They 're losing their homes . And certainly there is a word known as fear , and there 's nothing wrong with being fearful . But you have to do something about it . And that 's what I write about in the book . You go out . You go to the right place , where there 's better employment . You get a trade where they really need people . King : Have you had to lay off people ? Because it seems everyone has had to do that . Trump : It 's a sad thing , but whether it 's "  The Apprentice " or not , the fact is you have to say to some people : "  You 're fired . " The world is different . King : You said that this is a good time to buy real estate . What about financing ? What if you want to buy and you ca n't get the mortgage ? Trump : Larry , this is a great time to buy real estate . And as far as financing is concerned , the only financing you should be thinking about is seller financing . If the seller wo n't give you financing , do n't do it , because the banks are not doing their job . They 're not providing financing for deals . King : New York state is planning a so-called millionaire 's tax . It would affect those with incomes starting at $ 300,000 . Yea or nay ? Trump : Well , it 's a ridiculous thing . Albany is going to destroy ... this state . And they are raising taxes on rich people . The rich people have lots of options , Larry . One option is Palm Beach , Florida . You move down to Palm Beach ; it 's not the worst thing in the world . I do n't have to live on Fifth Avenue . I do n't have to live on Park Avenue . It 's hard , psychologically , for me to leave , but very easy physically . King : Why do n't patriots want to pay taxes ? Trump : Well , I do n't know that that 's necessarily unpatriotic . I think they want to pay taxes . Obviously , you have to pay taxes . But they want to pay a reasonable tax , and they do n't want to see the money squandered . Money in this country is being squandered . King : OK . But then we would debate reasonable . Trump : Well , you always debate reasonable . I think unreasonable is the war in Iraq . I mean , there 's $ 1 trillion right there . And , more importantly , thousands of people -- both on our side and the other side -- hundreds of thousands of people killed and maimed and so badly hurt , I think it 's just a shame . Now , to me , that 's unreasonable . And , by the way , ... Saddam Hussein did not knock down the World Trade Center . King : Has the economy at all cramped your lifestyle ? Anything you had to change ? Trump : No , because I think I understand life . I think I understand how to live . I 'm enjoying my life . I do n't really live in an as extravagant a way as people think . As an entrepreneur , this is the best time I think I 've ever seen in business . King : There 's buzz that your beautiful daughter Ivanka is engaged or getting engaged . What 's up ? Trump : She has a beautiful boyfriend . He 's a great guy , but they are not engaged . King : Would you like them to ? Is he the kind of guy you would except as a son-in-law ? Trump : He certainly is a wonderful guy . But it 's all up to her . If she 's happy , I 'm happy .	Trump advises to take advantage of low prices , get seller to do the financing Trump : Obama rebuilding U.S. reputation ; previous administration was a disaster He 's mad about possible higher taxes in New York , says he could move to Florida Trump likes the guy his daughter is dating , but she 's not engaged
