Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's father will "  pursue any and all appropriate legal action " to prevent his daughter from becoming "  another Hollywood statistic " because of alcohol and substance abuse , Michael Lohan 's lawyer said Monday . The much-publicized dispute between the actress-singer and her father boiled over last week when Michael Lohan persuaded a sheriff 's deputy to help him enter her Hollywood home to check on the welfare of her 16-year-old sister . Lindsay Lohan 's lawyer said it was "  nothing more than a publicity stunt . " Michael Lohan 's lawyer , Lisa Bloom , said in a written statement Monday he was reacting to "  a problem millions of Americans have : What can a parent do when an adult child appears to have a serious alcohol or drug problem ? What can a parent do when that adult child 's life appears to be spiraling out of control ? "  He has watched along with the rest of us over the past few months as Lindsay has been photographed partying and clubbing night after night , appearing as though she is under the influence of alcohol or substances , " Bloom said . "  He is heartbroken about her current condition . With his own two eyes , just last week , he has seen her looking worse than ever . " Lindsay Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence . In the second incident , she also was charged with cocaine possession . She is on probation for a 2007 drunken driving conviction and is participating in a required alcohol counseling program . She told the British newspaper The Sun earlier this year that she feared for her life while abusing substances to deal with family problems in 2007 . She said she has since learned to embrace life instead of drugs . Her father said he flew to Los Angeles last week because of reports he was getting from friends about his 23-year-old daughter 's behavior . "  Michael is not going to stand idly by and watch his daughter become another Hollywood statistic , " Bloom said . "  He intends to do everything in his power to prevent Lindsay from becoming another Marilyn Monroe , Anna Nicole Smith , Michael Jackson , Heath Ledger or Corey Haim . " Bloom said she was hired "  to pursue any and all appropriate legal action to save and protect his daughter . " "  The law affords a parent who believes his adult child is not in control of her health and welfare a number of legal options , " she said . "  As of now , all options are open . " Michael Lohan is trying to sit down with his daughter and her lawyer "  to come up with an appropriate treatment plan that will allow her to get her life back on course , " Bloom said . "  If , however , that does not happen , Michael is prepared to pursue other legal action towards his one and only goal : to save and protect his daughter . " Lindsay Lohan reacted loudly Thursday when her father walked into her home . "  I have no choice but to make this public , due to my sister 's safety , as well as my own , " she said in a Twitter posting Thursday afternoon . " ` My ex-dad ' just WALKED INTO MY APT like the devil 's advocate with officers . " "  When will it ever end , " she tweeted . "  It 's been going on my whole life with him -- has n't he caused enough pain ? " After the surprise visit to his daughter 's home , Michael Lohan then drove to TMZ 's Hollywood newsroom , where he appeared in a live webcast to talk about why he did it . He said he flew to Los Angeles when a friend told him his 16-year-old daughter , Ali , was partying with her older sister . The friend also said he saw them driving 115 mph on a freeway , he said . "  That was the straw that broke the camel 's back , " Lohan told TMZ 's Harvey Levin . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on the now-defunct soap opera "  Another World , " took off on the big screen a year later when she played identical twins in Disney 's "  The Parent Trap . " Since then , she has starred in at least a dozen movies , including "  Georgia Rule " with Jane Fonda in 2007 . Her pop music recording career , boosted by her movie roles , has faded recently . Her last album was released in 2005 . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Michael Lohan 's lawyer says dad is worried about alcohol , substance abuse Lawyer : Father is ready to take "  all appropriate legal action " to prevent a tragedy Michael Lohan persuaded a deputy to help him enter her Hollywood home last week Lindsay Lohan 's 16-year-old sister has been staying with the actress
CNN  -- The $ 10,000 prize caught Jordan Teuscher 's attention . He read the rules carefully . Teams of five would compete against others from around the country to have the highest percentage of weight loss after 12 weeks . To prevent unhealthy dieting , no one person could lose more than 16.6 % of their total body weight . Teuscher was n't extremely obese , but he had put on more than a few pounds since getting married and starting law school . His family was naturally competitive . If he could persuade them to participate , he thought , they had a good chance of winning the HealthyWage challenge . He talked to his uncle , Jon Whicker , and his sister , who had auditioned for "  The Biggest Loser " but were not accepted . They agreed to join his team . His mom and dad also hopped on board . The family decided on a name -- "  Will Work for Less Food " -- and paid their $ 75 entry fees . Game on . For three months , they cut out sugar and refined carbohydrates ; they avoided eating late at night and added exercise to their schedules . They vied for first place with a team named Bravo5A , winning and losing small challenges along the way that only pushed them harder . "  In general , I 'm a warrior , " Whicker says . And as a warrior , "  you 're never quite happy with just being ahead -- you want to be way ahead . " Can you smell obesity ? In the end , they emerged victorious -- dropping a combined 255 pounds  16 % of their total body weight  to win the competition and the $ 10,000 prize . "  It 's been nice to have it off -- to be able to fit into your old clothes , feel comfortable in groups , " says Teuscher , who lost 47 pounds . "  I feel healthier . Happier . " Whicker used his share of the winnings to put a new motor in his old Mustang . But the real benefits were less materialistic -- his cholesterol went down , his blood pressure normalized and his acid reflux disappeared . "  My son the other day got my wallet and pulled out my driver 's license picture ... he looked at it and looked at my wife and said , ` That does n't look like Dad anymore , ' " Whicker said with a laugh . Teuscher and Whicker have joined another HealthyWage challenge to continue their weight loss journey . The company offers three programs . The Matchup challenge asks teams of five to compete for $ 10,000 ; the 10 % Challenge allows users to double their money if they lose 10 % of their weight in six months ; and the BMI Challenge pays users $ 100 to go from an obese BMI to a healthy BMI in 12 months . HealthyWage is n't the only company to jump on the motivation money train . Competitors such as DietBet.com , GymPact and StickK ask users to put their hard-earned cash on the line in hopes of getting healthy and wealthy . And many company benefits programs have started offering financial incentives to employees who drop weight or quit smoking in hopes of reducing health care costs . Would you lose weight if money were at stake ? There 's scientific evidence to support their business model . HealthyWage co-founder David Roddenberry started the company in 2009 after seeing a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association that showed financial incentives could encourage weight loss . Last year , a Mayo Clinic study found people who received financial incentives stuck with healthy behaviors longer -- losing , on average , seven more pounds than their colleagues whose wallets were n't linked to weight loss . Of course , money is n't the only motivator in weight loss challenges . "  I think what inspired me the most was the fact that my team members were going to lose money , " Teuscher says . "  I was really afraid I would be the person that ruined it for everyone . " Peer pressure can help groups lose more weight than individuals fighting for a cash prize , according to a new study published in the journal Annals of Internal Medicine . Researchers followed two groups of employees at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . Individuals in the first group were offered $ 100 each month that they met or exceeded their weight loss goals . The second group was organized into teams of five ; each team was given $ 500 to split among those who met their goals , increasing the competition between team members . People in the second group lost almost three times as much weight than those in the first , according to the study . "  We 've found a lot of success among teams where you already know your teammates , " Roddenberry says . "  People are more motivated by not letting their team down than they are by doing it for themselves . " The company has also identified other key factors that lead to effective weight loss . "  A really big headline number is important , " Roddenberry says . "  100 bucks , 200 , 400 , is not going to move the needle with behavior change . But if you say you can win $ 10,000 ... " Trainer : Dumbbells and diets do n't get you in shape Also important is having a stake in the competition . People who make an investment -- such as paying $ 150 up front -- are more motivated by losing that money than by doubling it , Roddenberry says . Of course , not everyone has a competitive personality . Men tend to do better on HealthyWage than women , he notes , and the website attracts more users who are "  money motivated " -- coupon clippers or discount shoppers who value the return on their investment . "  It 's so personal , " Roddenberry says of weight loss . "  Different people have different motivations . " Right now HealthyWage is "  one size fits all , " he says . But in the future , the company hopes to provide customized programs that will fit each person 's needs , whether that 's a bigger prize , a shorter time period or weekly incentives . It 's tough , Teuscher says , to stay on track without the proper motivation . "  Once you get to where you are you miss what you had before . Food is a big temptation . " He 's joined the BMI Challenge in hopes of getting down to 180 pounds and doubling his initial investment . Whicker joined another Matchup team challenge with his wife , Alisa , after the first ; they took fourth place . Now he 's participating in the 10 % Challenge to lose 10 % of his body weight in six months . He does n't track calories , focusing instead on eating five to six small healthy meals a day . He hits the gym for an hour to two hours most days and takes his kids , Riley , 6 , and Samantha , 2 , out to ride bikes or swim at the pool . Since June 2012 , when he first joined HealthyWage , he 's lost 128 pounds . "  I 'm still getting there , " he says . "  Part of it is time ; part of it is understanding what really matters in life . ... As you start to have kids , suddenly you come to the realization that there  are  more people depending on you than yourself . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	HealthyWage and other sites offer money to users who improve their health Teams of five can compete to lose the biggest percentage of weight for $ 10,000 Individuals can also double their money by losing 10 % in 6 months
CNN  -- Call it part tank , part boat and part beer cooler . But it 's unquestionably all cool . It 's a new U.S. Marine Corps vehicle for getting stuff like troops , tanks and trucks from ships to shore and back . The Corps showed off a prototype of its Ultra Heavy-lift Amphibious Connector  UHAC  last week during Rim of the Pacific exercises in Hawaii , running it from the Navy 's amphibious dock landing ship USS Rushmore to the beaches of Marine Corps Training Area Bellows on Oahu . "  Showcasing the UHAC during RIMPAC is a big deal , " Dave George of the Marine Corps Warfighting Lab , which developed the UHAC with funding from the Office of Naval Research , said in a press release . "  This is a great way to let people know that this new technology is being developed . " Here 's how the UHAC works : The tracks , which are made of what the Marines call "  captured-air foam blocks , " extend like flippers to propel the craft through the water . When it hits the beach , the foam flattens to become like the tracks on a tank or a bulldozer , only much softer , according to a report from Stars and Stripes . Last week , the UHAC prototype , which is about half the size of envisioned production models , carried an assault vehicle from the Rushmore to the beach . The Marine Corps says a full-size UHAC would be able to carry much more . "  The full-scale model should be able to carry at least three tanks and a HMMVW  High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle  , " Gunnery Sgt. Joseph Perera , the Warfighting Lab 's Infantry Weapons Project officer , said in a statement . That 's about three times the load that the Corps ' current craft assigned to the task , called a Landing Craft Air Cushion  LCAC  , can handle . It also will be able to surmount bigger obstacles . While an LCAC can only get over a 4-foot-high sea wall , a full-size UHAC will be able to get over sea walls as high as 10 , 12 or even 16 feet , according to the Corps . The UHAC prototype type is not armored or armed , but Perera said production models would have armor plating and a .50 - caliber machine guns for protection . They also would be much faster . The prototype could only go 5 mph on the water , but a full-size UHAC should do 25 mph , Gen. Kevin Killea , commander of the Corps ' Warfighting Lab , told Stars and Stripes . The UHAC prototype used last week is the third in the program , built upon a concept originally proposed by the Hawaii-based shipbuilding and research firm Navatek , Ltd. . "  There has been a one-fifth scale model , then a one-quarter scale model and this is a half-scale model , so we have been progressing , " Frank Leban , program officer at the Office of Naval Research , said in a statement . "  Every vehicle has incorporated more features and technology to help get us to the full scale . " There 's no word yet on when the full-scale model may actually come , but officials were happy with last week 's demonstration . "  This is a great way to show what it can do , " said George . "  Today went quite well . "	Vehicle uses foam blocks for paddles , tracks Ultra Heavy-lift Amphibious Connector can carry tanks , trucks from ship to shore Vehicle will be able to get over sea walls 12 feet tall or higher , Marines Corps says
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Last week during the day , some kids in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , were playing soccer in a park when a car slowed down , guys got out and executed a 13-year-old boy . And then they drove away , unmolested in a city with 11,000 army and police officers . The Mexican government repeatedly states that 90 percent of the deaths in the current drug war are of people who are dirty ; that is , criminals involved in the drug business . The killings of reporters and of innocent women , men and children continually belie that statement . The child was not a cartel member in disguise . Nor were the 15 high school kids killed at a party in a small house in a poor barrio . Their parents had made them hold the celebration of a sports victory at home because it was too dangerous to be out in the city . I went to Juarez in June of 1995 and never seem to escape the pull of the place . The city then was controlled by Amado Carrillo Fuentes , then the head of the Juarez cartel . Drug Enforcement Agency intelligence told me he was raking in $ 250 million a week . American factories were erupting out of the ground in the wake of the passage of NAFTA . Huge districts of shacks made out of stolen pallets and cardboard boxes were growing faster than the city could map . These shacks were filled with people working full time in those American-owned factories . Murders ran around 250 a year and sometimes the cartel left bodies on the street wrapped in yellow ribbon . Carrillo ran the city and yet his name never appeared in the newspapers nor was mentioned on radio and television . I thought I 'd stumbled into hell . Now the city is dying . About 5,000 people have been slaughtered in Ciudad Juarez in 27 months . It is a destroyed city where 25 percent of the houses are abandoned and 40 percent of the businesses have closed . There were 2,600 murders last year and killings are going on at a faster clip this year . At night , no one is on the streets . I realize that I was a fool in 1995 . I had not stumbled into hell . That was the golden age . But one constant remains : No matter how many die in Juarez , no matter how low the pay in the American factories , the U.S. government insists the War on Drugs is being won and that NAFTA is a big success . The Mexican War on Drugs is not lost : it never seriously began . The drug industry is an essential prop under a faltering Mexican economy and has been so for more than 20 years , since the peso crisis of the early 1980s . The money flows into the hands of countless government officials , into the banking industry and into many investments in Mexico . More people die each day as the government of President Felipe Calderon uses the Mexican army and the federal police to try to get the illegal drug industry under control . Calderon was elected by a razor-thin margin and followed the custom of Mexican presidents by immediately making a show of force . But he badly underestimated the power of the drug industry . The profits are estimated by many analysts to be between $ 30 billion and $ 50 billion a year , although it 's notoriously difficult to track . But it is not a piddling sum in a country where oil is the official highest earner of foreign currency and supplies 40 percent of the federal budget . But the oil is running out . Calderon has publicly stated that the oil fields will be gone in 10 years or less . The next big earner is human flesh , the millions of Mexicans who have fled the economic doom of their nation and send more than $ 20 billion a year home from the United States . But the recession and job losses in the U.S. have cut into that source . Tourism ranks third in legitimate sources of money for Mexico , but in a nation where heads keep getting lopped off , tourism is n't thriving . The illegal drug industry in Mexico employs hundreds of thousands of people . No one knows the payroll , but certainly it includes many people in the army , the 3,500 separate police forces and the government from top to bottom . It 's difficult to make a living wage legitimately here . The pay varies , but in Ciudad Juarez , one of the most violent cities on Earth , the starting salary in the 400 foreign-owned factories , mainly American , is about 40 bucks a week . There are 500 to 900 street gangs . No one can live on the pay offered by these factories . In a country with 50 percent of the population living in poverty , the turnover in these plants runs from 100 to 200 percent a year . No one can live long in a gang -- but for a while , a kid can live well and feel that his life is a dream of money and power . The U.S. approach to the killings in Mexico never looks at an economic reason , just as the consequences of our free trade treaty  NAFTA  are never brought up . The effects wrought by NAFTA launched one of the largest human migrations in the world as poor Mexicans fled collapsing industry and agriculture . Border Patrol statistics show that the number of Mexicans entering the U.S. illegally skyrocketed within two years of the passage of NAFTA . We also never question our four-decades-old War on Drugs , which has produced cheaper drugs of higher quality at lower prices in thousands of U.S. cities and towns . It has helped create one of the largest prison populations in the world . If our drug policy were a ship , it would be called the Titanic . Anyone who questions the propaganda of the U.S. government on the violence in Mexico , on our War on Drugs or on our free trade agreement is told to come up with a solution , some silver bullet that instantly slays the dragon . But our policies over the decades have created a disaster , and it will take years to reverse the damage these acts of government have inflicted . The time to start is now . Let 's address the true and lethal nature of Mexico 's war on drugs -- one we are in part bankrolling under the Merida Initiative to the tune of half a billion dollars per year , often tossed into the murderous hands of many in the Mexican army . We need to have a public discussion of the obvious : Legalize drugs or keep caging Americans for taking drugs -- unless of course they are booze , tobacco or happy pills from the doctor -- and keep financing the murders of Mexicans . The first thing to do if we want to come clean about the slaughter in Mexico is start smelling the coffee . We share a 1,900-mile border . We share a history and people . At least 10 percent of the Mexican people now live in the United States as economic or political fugitives . Recently , the secretaries of State , Homeland Security and Defense flew to Mexico City and promised the Mexican government we would continue exactly the same polices as in the past . I have been told I should be reasonable . I am . And I expect the same of my government . Building prisons and lending support to a murderous war on drugs must stop , and digging deep into the economics and politics behind the hellish state of affairs must begin . It 's a testament to the Mexican people that no matter how hard life is in Juarez , they seem to endure , raise families , smile and try to create a better future . As a Mexican friend told me , "  I love Juarez , it is such a needy city . " It is poor and dangerous , a tapestry of one-story buildings . But once you know Juarez it haunts you no matter how you try to flee . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Bowden .	Charles Bowden : 5,000 killed in Juarez in 27 months , one of most violent cities on Earth Bowden : Innocents die in crossfire among cartels , army , police He says drug trade is a source of money for the Mexican economy Bowden : U.S. must face NAFTA 's failures and the lethal results of "  war on drugs "
CNN  -- The phrase : "  President Marco Rubio " is music to the ears of conservatives who are eager to prove they are not anti-Hispanic while still supporting one of their own : a solid conservative . And so it is that , as the immigration debate reignites , the Florida senator 's star power is winning over the world of conservative talk radio . Whether it 's the radio shows hosted by Mark Levin or Sean Hannity or Rush Limbaugh , Rubio 's appearances are being met with gushing accolades . The talkers are not sold on everything he says about how to fix the immigration system , but they 're praising him nonetheless . Levin called Rubio a "  very , very impressive man . " Limbaugh swooned : "  Well , what you are doing is admirable and noteworthy . You are recognizing reality . You 're trumpeting it , you 're shouting it . " How cozy . The reality that Rubio is recognizing is twofold . One , the nation 's immigration system is broken and fixing it requires figuring out what to do with the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States . And two , the Republican Party , if it hopes to live to fight another day in a country that is increasingly ethnically diverse , ca n't just be known as the party that is against illegal immigration but has to build a reputation for supporting legal immigration as well . Rubio : Obama sees immigration as a ` political ' matter Rubio thinks that the way you fix both problems is comprehensive immigration reform -- securing the border , making it easier for high-skilled immigrants to get green cards , starting a guest worker program for industries like agriculture with jobs Americans are n't doing , and creating a conditional pathway to earned citizenship for the undocumented . Many Republicans have a word for that : "  amnesty . " And , almost uniformly , conservative talk radio does not like amnesty . Yet , you would n't know it by the warm reception that Rubio got when he got on the airwaves . Right-wing talkers are smitten with the Hispanic Republican and potential 2016 presidential candidate . And it is spilling into the immigration debate . So much so that Limbaugh felt compelled in his show on both Wednesday and Thursday to insist that , no , he had not fallen madly for Rubio , who had been a guest on his show the day before . Limbaugh explained to his millions of listeners that he liked and admired Rubio and considered him a strong conservative and a star of the Republican Party . And Limbaugh suggested that this fondness for the senator might have left some thinking that he was endorsing the immigration reform plan put forth on Monday by Rubio and seven other senators from both parties . Limbaugh is not there and he may never get there . He still rejects as "  amnesty " the idea of giving illegal immigrants an earned pathway to citizenship and rejects it as unacceptable . Besides , he insists , if the border is n't secure , Rubio is likely to drop his support for the plan as well . What Limbaugh thinks about immigration -- a subject he does n't really know very well -- is n't important . What is important is the massive footprint that Rubio is already leaving on the immigration debate , the value that he adds to the Senate 's reform-minded "  Group of Eight , " and the near-hypnotic effect he 's having on some conservatives who -- while they do n't like what he 's proposing to fix the nation 's immigration system -- do like him a great deal . Rubio , pitching immigration plan to conservatives , identifies sticking points Alas , the love fest is not complete . Not all conservatives are willing to give Rubio the benefit of the doubt . Some conservative bloggers -- including Michelle Malkin and the folks at Redstate.com -- are vehemently opposed to what he is proposing , and they 've gone after him aggressively . Republican Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana has characterized the Rubio approach to immigration reform as "  amazingly naive . " But that hostility has n't followed Rubio onto talk radio . So what 's going on here ? Why is n't Rubio getting more static from the radio talkers ? I can think of three reasons . First , the Republican Party has big plans for Rubio , which may include the presidency , and the talkers know enough to get out of the way of a speeding train . Besides , when they interview him , even if they could slice him up rhetorically into itty-bitty pieces -- and I 'm not sure they could -- why would they want to ? Second , Rubio is a thoughtful communicator who understands radio and excels in that medium . I 'm a former radio talk show host who has worked in a half dozen markets , and I know that doing that kind of work teaches you that there is such a thing as talking for radio . If you understand pacing , and when to pause or accelerate , you 'll hit a homerun . Rubio does . And third , whether many Republicans realize it or not , there is a strong conservative case to be made for fixing our immigration system by encouraging the free flow of labor and saving illegal immigrants from heavy-handed enforcement tactics . The Obama administration divides thousands of families and deported a record number of people , more than 400,000 , in 2012 . If you 're a conservative who supports the free market , family values and limited government -- and who does n't like the spectacle of immigration agents busting down doors and hauling away grandmothers in handcuffs and dropping kids in foster care -- comprehensive immigration reform could be for you . And so could Marco Rubio . After all , he has already charmed a crowd that is notoriously hard to please . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Conservative talk radio hosts are gushing over Marco Rubio Navarrette : As the immigration debate reignites , Rubio 's star power is increasing He says the GOP has big plans for the senator , including maybe the presidency Navarrette : Not all conservatives agree with Rubio , but he 's affecting immigration debate
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Music producer Phil Spector was sentenced Friday to the maximum sentence of 19 years to life for the murder six years ago of actress Lana Clarkson . Phil Spector 's first murder trial in 2007 ended in a mistrial as jurors said they could n't reach a verdict . That means Spector , 69 , would be 88 before he would be eligible for parole . Slumped , stone-faced and wearing a dark suit and bright red tie , he sat silently throughout his sentencing by Judge Larry Paul Fidler . Spector 's lawyer gave a $ 17,000 check to Donna Clarkson , the victim 's mother , to pay for her funeral expenses -- part of the court-ordered sentence . "  All of our plans together are destroyed , " the mother said , reading a statement on behalf of her family . "  Now , I can only visit her at the cemetery . " Fidler denied a motion for a new trial by defense attorney Doron Weinberg , who said he would file an appeal . "  The evidence did not prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he is guilty for the simple reason -LSB- that -RSB- he did not kill Lana Clarkson , " Weinberg said . Watch Spector receive his sentence " "  Obviously , he 's not very happy , " Spector 's wife , Rachelle , told reporters about her husband . "  I 'm going to stand by him and get him out of that awful place so he can come home where he belongs . " Clarkson , 40 , was found dead -- slumped in a chair in the foyer of Spector 's Alhambra , California , mansion with a gunshot wound through the roof of her mouth -- in February 2003 . View a timeline of the case " Spector 's trial , which began in October , ended last month when jurors deliberated for 30 hours and then announced a guilty verdict on the second-degree murder charge . Fidler had ruled jurors also could consider the lesser charge of involuntary manslaughter . Spector 's first murder trial in 2007 ended in a mistrial as jurors said they could n't reach a verdict after 15 days of deliberations . Jurors then were deadlocked 10-2 in favor of conviction . Fidler declined to allow Spector to remain free on bail pending sentencing , citing Spector 's years-long "  pattern of violence " involving firearms . "  This was not an isolated incident , " Fidler said , noting Spector 's two firearms-related convictions from the 1970s . "  The taking of an innocent human life , it does n't get any more serious than that . " In closing arguments at the retrial , prosecutor Truc Do called Spector "  a very dangerous man " who "  has a history of playing Russian roulette with women -- six women . Lana just happened to be the sixth . " Weinberg argued that the prosecution 's case hinged on circumstantial evidence . He said the possibility that Clarkson committed suicide could not be ruled out . Do pointed out to jurors , however , that Clarkson had bought new shoes on the day of her death -- something he said a suicidal woman would not have done . A female juror who declined to be identified told reporters the jurors considered all the evidence and testimony to reach their verdict . "  This entire jury took this so seriously , " she said with tears in her eyes , before adding that "  it 's tough to be in a jury , " because another person 's life is in the jury 's hands . Clarkson starred in the 1985 B-movie "  Barbarian Queen " and appeared in many other films , including "  Deathstalker , " "  Blind Date , " "  Scarface , " "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " and the spoof "  Amazon Women on the Moon . " She was working as a VIP hostess at Hollywood 's House of Blues at the time of her death . In the 2007 trial , Spector 's attorneys argued that Clarkson was depressed over a recent breakup and grabbed a .38 - caliber pistol to kill herself while at Spector 's home . But prosecution witnesses painted Spector as a gun-toting menace . Five women took the stand and testified that he had threatened them with firearms . His driver testified that he heard a loud noise and saw the producer leave the home , pistol in hand , saying , "  I think I killed somebody . " Spector 's professional trademark was the "  Wall of Sound , " the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion that underpinned a string of hits on his Philles label -- named for Spector and his business partner , Lester Sill -- in the early 1960s . The roaring arrangements were the heart of what he called "  little symphonies for the kids " -- among them No. 1 hits like the Ronettes ' "  Be My Baby " and the Righteous Brothers ' "  You 've Lost That Lovin ' Feelin ' . " Spector co-produced the Beatles ' final album , "  Let It Be , " and worked with ex-Beatles George Harrison and John Lennon on solo projects after the group broke up . His recording of Harrison 's 1971 benefit concert for war relief in Bangladesh won the 1972 Grammy award for album of the year . That was one of two Grammy Awards won by Spector , who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 . He stayed out of the public eye for two decades before his 2003 arrest in Clarkson 's death .	NEW : Music producer sentenced for 2003 slaying of Lana Clarkson Actress was found shot dead in foyer of Spector 's California mansion Defense argued it was a suicide ; first trial ended in a mistrial Grammy-winning Spector , 69 , was inducted in 1989 to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
CNN  -- For the first time in five years , a relief agency dedicated to refugees airlifted emergency aid into the Somali capital of Mogadishu on Monday , according to a spokesman . The flight left from Dubai , United Arab Emirates , Monday morning with 31 metric tons  more than 34 U.S. tons  of emergency supplies and arrived in Mogadishu early Monday afternoon , said Andy Needham from the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . The aid flight comes just days after Islamic insurgents fled Mogadishu after a heated battle with government and African Union forces . But the trip has nothing to do with improved security , Needham said . "  We took the unprecedented decision to take the airlift for speed due to the famine , " he said . Needham said the group has warehouses across Somalia and would "  normally re-stock them over land . " But the agency shifted logistics in reaction to starving people flocking to Mogadishu . Monday 's plane carried almost 2,500 emergency assistance packages . Each package contains an improvised tent sheet , sleeping mats , blankets , water containers and food utensils . "  The supplies will be distributed almost immediately , " Needham said . At least two more supply flights are in the pipeline . The next , which is due to land Thursday , will be similar to Monday 's delivery . The third flight will include "  high-energy biscuits . " Also Monday , the White House announced that U.S. President Barack Obama approved an additional $ 105 million for relief efforts in the Horn of Africa . "  U.S. assistance will continue funding the urgently needed food , health , shelter , water and sanitation assistance to those who desperately need help , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said in a statement . About 100,000 Somalis have flocked to Mogadishu in search of food and potable water , which have disappeared in a devastating famine and drought , according to the U.N. . They join more than 370,000 internal refugees already in the capital in war-torn southern Somalia , many of whom also face hunger . The UNHCR is calling for more private and government donations for emergency operations in the Horn of Africa , warning that a lack of funds threatens future aid . The aid organization says it needs $ 145 million to cover operations through the end of the year , adding that it has received 45 % of that amount so far . The U.N. declared famine in five areas of southern Somalia in June , including Mogadishu . In all , about 12 million people in the Horn of Africa region need assistance . Somalia is the worst hit .	NEW : Obama approves additional $ 105 million in aid for Horn of Africa Monday 's flight contains 31 metric tons  more than 34 U.S. tons  of supplies The agency is sending supplies by air due to the need for speedy relief A devastating famine and drought has sent about 100,000 Somalis to the capital
Charles Gregg-Geist is a writer for the Michigan Daily , the leading news source for the University of Michigan . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . The University of Kentucky 's solar car races along the road , on its way to the finish line . UWIRE  -- In the world of higher education , summer is usually the off-season . But for some students , this summer was the culmination of years of hard work in a 2,400-mile solar car race from Plano , Texas to Calgary , Alberta . Fifteen teams of students drove photovoltaic-powered cars across the North American Solar Challenge finish line in Calgary Tuesday , led by the University of Michigan Solar Car Team and its vehicle , Continuum . Placing second was the car Ra 7 from Principia College , followed by the sole European finisher , the German FH Bochum Solar Car Team . Michigan 's victory , which took about 51 hours and 42 minutes on the road , is its fifth NASC championship . The school also won the last NASC , in 2005 . It took Principia almost ten hours more than Michigan to complete the race , in about 61 hours and 38 minutes . Bochum 's car took about two hours more , but the University of Waterloo Midnight Sun Solar Car Team was a very close fourth , taking about fifteen minutes longer . Principia 's success may be as noteworthy as Michigan 's margin of victory . The college has fewer than 550 students , all of them undergraduates . It 's a sharp contrast from the enormous research universities that traditionally win solar car races . "  It 's unique , I think , for their college to field a team ,  because  they do n't have an engineering school , " said Dan Eberle , NASC 's organizer . But he noted that small teams have had some success in the past . "  If you can get a group of folks who are really committed , then you can do a lot , " he said . Driving force Jeff Ferman , the race manager for Michigan , talked about how rewarding it was to enter Calgary and be greeted by 40,000 people . "  All the time and dedication really paid off , " he said . "  We got to get out and walk across the finish line with  the car  . It was great . " "  The streets were lined with people , " he said . "  There were people on overpasses with tripods taking pictures . " The Michigan team led almost the entire race from Texas , trailing only on the first day of driving when it had to stop to fix a minor electrical problem . But that 20-minute stop was the only time it had to pull over to make repairs , which team members said was one reason they did so well . "  Reliability is one of the key things , " said Steve Hechtman , Michigan 's project manager and a driver . "  As they get more miles , teams start to get more problems with the car . " "  Once we left Fargo we just started pulling away from the other teams , " he said , referring to the stop the cars made in Fargo , North Dakota Saturday . Eberle said building a reliable car is "  the first criteria " for a successful solar car team . "  There 's two things that really make a team , " he said , discussing Continuum 's crew . "  One is they 're very well-organized . Two is that they 've been able to stay on the road . " Eberle said he was still surprised how far ahead of the rest of the field Michigan was . Powering up He noted that Michigan uses gallium arsenide multi-junction photovoltaic cells on their car . The gallium cells can provide almost 50 percent more power than silicon photovoltaic cells , but are nearly twice as expensive . Principia and a number of other teams also use the gallium cells . "  We do limit the surface area of the gallium cells , " Eberle said , but added , "  the people who came in first are the people with the high-performance cells . " Luke Martz , director of fundraising for Iowa State University 's PrISUm Solar Car Team , said he thought the difference between the types of cells teams used had a major impact on the race . PrISUm , which placed eighth , uses silicon cells . "  There 's not anything that I hold against any other teams that did use gallium cells , " he said . "  But it 's like apples and oranges . " Darshni Pillay , operations manager for the University of Calgary Solar Car Team , disagreed about the advantage provided by the gallium cells . Her team , which uses the more expensive cells , came in sixth , two spots ahead of PrISUm . "  I really do n't think that would have been a deciding factor , " she said . She said the regulation limiting the surface area of the cells negated most of the advantage they provided . Pillay pointed out that Calgary 's team , like PrISUm , had to tow its car when cloud cover was heavy in the early stages of the race . She said the reason leading teams did n't have to "  trailer " -- which is legal but incurs a time penalty -- was because they were able to get ahead of the weather , not because of any superior technology . Finishing the race Martz and Pillay both said they were happy with their results . Pillay pointed out that this year was only the second NASC her team has competed in , and said sixth is a big step up from their last finish . In 2005 Calgary 's team placed 13th . PrISUm 's finish in the middle of the pack is noteworthy because the team barely managed to qualify for the race . Its car did n't , in fact , finish the 60 laps on a closed race track in Plano , Texas necessary to qualify for the race . Martz said the car had mechanical problems when it first arrived in Texas and so the team only got it on the track on the second day of a two-day qualifying process . PrISUm only was allowed to compete after finishing the first leg of the trip , to Neosho , Missouri , in the allotted time without trailering . The teams from Durham University and Oregon State University , which also did n't qualify on the closed track , did n't make it to Neosho in time . "  I think we did exceptionally well with what we had , " Martz said . He noted that when the car had problems , the other teams were eager to help . "  If there 's a team that 's struggling , " he said , "  they 're going to get help from whoever 's available . " Pillay added one caveat . "  Everyone 's sympathetic to each other and wants to see all the other teams cross the finish line , " she said . "  Maybe just not in front of them . "	University of Michigan 's team finishes solar-car race in first place Fifteen teams of students drove from Texas to Canada Michigan takes 51 hours and 42 minutes on the road Principia College and German solar car team finish 2nd and 3rd
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The trial of an Iraqi journalist charged with throwing his shoes at U.S. President George Bush has been postponed , Iraq 's Council of Ministers and one of the journalist 's lawyers said Tuesday . Amman protesters support Muntazer al-Zaidi , the Iraqi journalist held for throwing his shoes at President Bush . Muntadhir Al-Zaidi was due to go on trial Wednesday , but the Criminal Court postponed it pending an appeal filed by his lawyers with the Federal Court of Appeal , a spokesman for the Supreme Judicial Council , Abdul Sattar Bayrakdar , said . Dhiya al-Saadi , who leads Al-Zaidi 's 25-member legal team , confirmed the postponement . Al-Zaidi threw both of his shoes at Bush two weeks ago during a news conference with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in Baghdad . Neither shoe hit the president , and others in the room quickly knocked Al-Zaidi to the ground before security officials arrested him . Many Iraqis hail Al-Zaidi , who faces a prison term if convicted , as a hero . More than 1,000 lawyers have volunteered to defend him , al-Saadi said . The lawyers ' appeal asked the Federal Court to change Al-Zaidi 's case from assaulting Bush to insulting him . If Al-Zaidi is convicted of the former , he faces a maximum of 15 years in prison , al-Saadi said . The lawyers are trying to persuade the appeals court that Al-Zaidi did not want to harm Bush by throwing the shoes , but simply wanted to insult him . By tradition , throwing a shoe is the most insulting act in the Arab world . Al-Saadi said he met with his client several days ago but was having difficulty meeting with him again . He did not give the reason he was not allowed to see Al-Zaidi but said many lawyers have trouble meeting with detainees in Iraqi or U.S. custody . It will take at least two weeks for the court to set a new date for Al-Zaidi 's trial , legal expert Tariz Harab said . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Trial of Iraqi journalist who threw shoes at U.S. President Bush delayed Muntadhir Al-Zaidi faces jail if convicted ; trial was due to start Wednesday Many Iraqis hail the shoe thrower has a hero ; mass protests followed his arrest At least two weeks before new trial date set , legal experts say
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide attack at the offices of the World Food Program in Islamabad killed five employees and wounded several others Monday , an agency official said . Pakistani police commandos stand in front of a U.N. office after a suicide blast in Islamabad on Monday . Four Pakistanis and an Iraqi national died at the U.N. humanitarian agency , according to authorities . The suicide bomber , who also died in the attack , was in his 20s and wore a vest containing about 15 pounds  7 kg  of explosives , said Ben Yamin , a senior Pakistani police official . The explosion took place in a storage area at the offices . It was not immediately known how the bomber gained access . "  The World Food Program 's offices here in Islamabad are in a very sensitive and fortified area , " CNN 's Reza Sayah reported . Watch witnesses describe the attack " "  The building itself is surrounded by massive blast-proof walls and , not only does the compound have a gated entrance , the street that leads to the compound is also gated . " Pakistani Foreign Minister Makhdoom Shah Mahmood Qureshi said public opinion is turning against the attackers . "  Today when people see that there are innocent people dying , when they see all the major urban centers of Pakistan being hit , when they see that the economy of Pakistan has suffered , and job creation and investment have been compromised because of these extremists , I think the public opinion has changed , " he said in a speech at Rice University 's Baker Institute for Public Policy in Houston , Texas . "  There is almost a consensus in Pakistan that our immediate priority is to take the terrorists on and to fight this . " The neighborhood is home to at least one other U.N. office , as well as the residence of Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari . Officials identified the dead as Mohammed Wahab , finance assistant ; Abid Rehman , senior finance assistant ; Gulrukh Tahir , receptionist ; Farzana Barkat , office assistant ; and Iraqi national Botan Ahmed Ali Al-Hayawi , information and communication technology officer .	Four Pakistanis and an Iraqi were killed , officials say Suicide bomber , who was in his 20s , also died in the attack Offices in Pakistani capital belonged to U.N. World Food Program
CNN  -- Living at the China-North Korea border , I had the unique opportunity to train under two North Korean tae kwon do masters . While I told people I was there to learn the rare North Korean martial art from some of their best instructors , I was secretly helping North Korean refugees on the 6,000-mile modern-day underground railroad from the Hermit Kingdom to South Korea , for food and a better life . In 2004 , I traveled to North Korea to see the country , even though many people warned me not to take the risk . One of our detained Chinese workers later said that North Korea had a file on me , but did not know my name . I lived with the fear of being detained , abducted or assassinated by the North Korean government for many years . Whenever I hear of another American detained , it reminds me of that anxiety . On Monday , three American citizens , Kenneth Bae , Matthew Todd Miller and Jeffrey Edward Fowle , all held captive in North Korea , were interviewed by CNN in a Pyongyang hotel room . This rare and surprise interview was an apparent move by the regime to get a high-ranking U.S. official to visit the country . North Korea has been collecting American citizens and planning for this very moment . What the North Korean government wants out of its latest stunt is simple : internal control and external respect . But this flawed strategy will hardly achieve its desired intent . North Korean regime leaders use these incidents to buy currency with their people , and these days , they can use all they can get . They want to send a message to North Koreans that says , "  Look at how powerful we are . " How North Korea may be using U.S. detainees as ` bargaining chips ' After I watched the interviews with the three Americans , it was clear that it was a coordinated message to ask for a high-level U.S. envoy to be sent . It was no coincidence that all three requested this . Bill Richardson , former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told USA Today , "  The North Koreans are sending signals to the U.S. that they are ready to deal . " Many North Korean refugees we sheltered in China told us how brutal the regime can be . This was confirmed by this year 's U.N. report on the many human rights violations that North Korea has knowingly committed . Brutal interrogations , food deprivation and torture are all part of the North Korean playbook . But Bae , Miller and Fowle all said they are being treated humanely and are even provided with medical care . North Korea is walking a fine line here . It wants to use the three Americans as bait but not anger the United States so much that a high-ranking envoy will not come to the negotiating table . It seems the three men are being treated well , although it is hard to say definitively . North Korea has played this game before . President Bill Clinton paid a visit to secure the release of journalists Laura Ling and Euna Lee in 2009 , and President Jimmy Carter visited in 2010 for the release of Aijalon Gomes . North Korea used both cases as propaganda ploys . But what the regime does not realize is that it is preaching to a disappearing choir . North Korea has enjoyed near complete control of the media its people consume in the past , but this is rapidly changing . Foreign DVDs are being smuggled in . People are hacking their radios to receive signals from the outside world . Phones connected to Chinese cell towers are being used along the border to relay messages in and out of the country . What the regime does not take into account is that , however it spins a visit by a high-level U.S. dignitary , there are diminishing returns to this familiar cycle . Meanwhile , the outside world it so wishes to impress by its ability to attract such luminaries is tiring of those games . North Korea wants control . It wants respect . At home , it is losing both . In the world , it has neither .	Mike Kim helped North Koreans escape at China border , lived with fear of being kidnapped He says interview with American citizens was move to get high-ranking U.S. official to visit Kim : Regime wants to impress its people with message "  Look at how powerful we are " Kim : North Korea walking a fine line : The world is sick of its games , its people wising up
Atlanta  CNN  -- Autopsy results released Friday revealed that Ryan Brunn , the Georgia man who this week admitted murdering a 7-year-old girl , committed suicide by hanging himself in a prison cell , a state agency said . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation , in a news release , said the autopsy indicated that Brunn died of "  ligature hanging and the manner of death  was  suicide . " The 20-year-old hung himself with his sweatshirt , investigators determined . A medical examiner did n't find any "  other significant trauma on Brunn 's body . " "  The ongoing investigation by agents ... has not uncovered any evidence to indicate Brunn 's death was anything other than a suicide , " the state investigative bureau said . Georgia Department of Corrections spokeswoman Kristen Stancil had said that Brunn was found unresponsive at 4:15 p.m. Thursday in his cell at Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison in Jackson , and was pronounced dead at a hospital at 5:37 p.m. . In a Cherokee County courthouse on Tuesday , Brunn pleaded guilty to a charge of murder in the death of young Jorelys Rivera in Canton , about 40 miles north of Atlanta . He was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole , avoiding a potential death sentence by lethal injection . A maintenance worker at the same apartment complex where the girl lived , Brunn said in court that he devised a plan to lure Jorelys -- whom he said he 'd never talked to before -- after he found one of her skates . On December 2 , 2011 , Brunn took a picture of the skate and approached the girl with it , asking if the skate was hers . She said yes , and Brunn promised to take her to it . Instead , he took her to an empty apartment and instructed Jorelys to pull down her pants . He then put tape over her face and cut her throat with a razor . At this point , she was still alive , he told the court . Brunn said that he then took Jorelys to the bathroom and beat her to death with the skate . He said he did not have sex with the girl . The girl 's mangled body was found in a trash compactor three days after she went missing . Two days later , Brunn was arrested . He was eventually indicted on 13 counts including murder , aggravated assault , aggravated child molestation , enticing a child for indecent purposes and more . "  I 'd like to apologize for everything I 've done , and I do deserve everything that you 're about to give me , " he said Tuesday in court . Jorelys ' father , Ricardo Galarza , told CNN en Espa  ol on Thursday that news of Brunn 's death partly made him "  feel good but , on the other hand , it does n't because my daughter will never be with me again . " "  What I wanted was for them to put him in the electric chair and burn him , " Galarza said . "  I would have taken him there myself and prepared it , so he would burn . " Canton Police Chief Jeff Lance "  stepped down " on Thursday after an audit probing his department 's handling of the case , police department spokeswoman Candy Worth told CNN on Friday . The interim chief is Todd VandeZande , she and the police department 's website indicated . The audit is dated January 12 and was conducted by Louis Dekmar , police chief in LaGrange , Georgia , and president of the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies . Dekmar determined in the audit that Canton police violated their own policies and accepted practices . He further contended that there was a "  clear absence of leadership by the agency head . " Dekmar concluded that , by the time Jorelys was reported missing , she was most likely dead and it was unlikely police could have saved her . But he added that if Canton police take similar action in future cases they may "  indeed miss an opportunity to save a victim 's life . " CNN 's John Branch and InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	NEW : Georgia police chief steps down after audit critical of the handling of the case Ryan Brunn hung himself with a sweatshirt in a prison cell , investigators say A medical examiner does n't find any "  other significant trauma " on his body He had pleaded guilty this week to murdering 7-year-old Jorelys Rivera
CNN  -- With his Hyperloop proposal , Elon Musk is n't the only entrepreneur proposing ways to rev up American transportation . The man who brought us sleek , clean electric Tesla cars and SpaceX -- a private space program that successfully sent a payload to the orbiting space station -- is setting his sights on a radically different mass transit proposal called Hyperloop . Giant vacuum tubes would suck travelers across hundreds of miles in a matter of minutes . Related : Elon Musk wants to revolutionize transportation again Technology in the Digital Age is spurring creative ideas aimed at improving -- and even reinventing -- the way humans travel . The issue is becoming a pressing one with increasing traffic and vehicle emissions . Musk 's idea is one of countless transportation concepts being bandied about -- some of which may blow your hair back , others that may amount to pie in the sky . Some may be closer to reality than you think -- like driverless cars and space tourism . For other ideas , the future is murky . You be the judge . The media loves a good gee-whiz story . Remember the Segway ? When that was announced in 2001 , we read that these two-wheeled transportation machines would change the way we commute and how cities would be designed . How many Segway owners do you know ? Or how about the Shweeb , a pedal-powered transportation system that so impressed the folks at Google , the company gave its inventors $ 1 million for research and development . In the three years since Shweeb won the award , it has n't made a lot of news . The lesson is , it 's a long way between the drawing board and reality . Related : More transportation coverage Let 's take a look at some of the ideas floating out there that may influence the way we travel from Point A to Point B in the future . Planes By 2019 , a small aircraft-maker reportedly plans to start offering a $ 5 million two-seater jet aimed at business execs who want to fly as fast as 720 mph -- close to the speed of sound . But , mostly , the buzz around the future of flight surrounds something even faster : supersonic combustion ramjets -- aka scramjets . Imagine flying from New York to Tokyo in under two hours . Scramjet technology could make that dream a reality . Experts predict scramjet engines could propel aircraft as fast as 15 times the speed of sound , according to NASA . Unlike conventional jet engines , scramjet engines have virtually no moving parts . And unlike rockets , scramjet engines would burn oxygen from the atmosphere instead of having to carry heavy tanks full of oxygen . The result : a more efficient vehicle for military or commercial purposes . Last year the Pentagon tested a 25-foot long scramjet called an X-51A Waverider . Such technology could be used to develop "  cruise missile-like weapons that could reach a target on the other side of the planet in minutes instead of hours , " one expert told CNN . Another application for the technology , he said , is an "  aircraft which could put a quick-reaction force on a far-off battleground within hours instead of days . " A UK-based outfit called Reaction Engines has been working on scramjet technology . It produced a video to show its vision for a passenger aircraft called the A2 , which would fly five times the speed of sound . This month Reaction Engines announced a partnership with the European Space Agency to figure out its next system to launch vehicles into orbit . Related : How we 'll travel in 2022 Trains Early in the Obama administration , federal transportation officials began pushing the idea of high-speed rail , by offering taxpayer dollars to interested states . One of those states is California . On its website , California 's high-speed rail project still officially promises service from San Francisco to the Los Angeles area in under three hours at more than 200 mph . But the program 's initial projected cost of $ 34 billion has ballooned to $ 118 billion . Officials are considering a slower , less ambitious train system , CNN Special Investigations Correspondent Drew Griffin reports . Related : Is California high speed rail for real ? Related : Would you board a moving train ? In the Northeastern United States , Amtrak operates Acela Express -- a rail service capable of speeds up to 150 mph that shoot riders from New York City to Washington in about 96 minutes . Responding to critics who say Acela is too slow and too infrequently reaches its top speed , Amtrak plans to run test trains at 165 mph in Delaware , Maryland , New Jersey , Rhode Island and Massachusetts . High-speed rail critics often oppose it because they say it costs taxpayers too much . Which is why a proposal in Texas is so interesting . The Texas Central Railway has a plan to build a high-speed train without any taxpayer dollars . Spanning the nearly 240 miles separating Dallas and Houston , a Japanese-style "  bullet train " reportedly would haul 500 passengers in just 90 minutes . Maximum speed : around 220 mph . If all goes as planned , the train would be running by 2020 , according to organizers . Related : Vehicles that changed the world Automobiles Drivers ? Who needs 'em ? We 've got computers ! Driverless cars have been legal in California for nearly a year . Carmakers Audi , BMW , Mercedes and Volvo are planning to offer automated vehicles by the end of this year , The New York Times reported . As more computers take the driver 's seat , it remains to be seen how driverless cars will safely interact with cars piloted by humans . Other car-related transportation ideas are winding their way through the national conversation . How about solar-powered smart-roads ? Inventor Scott Brusaw has proposed building a national network of wired highways made of very strong glass . Solar electricity generated by the highways would recharge electric vehicles that use the road . The highway 's streetlights and LED warning signs also would be powered by the road . Space Justin Bieber 's on board . Who else wants to fly to the edge of space ? Bieber has signed on to be among Virgin Galactic 's first passengers . The company -- founded by billionaire Richard Branson -- says it 's on track for its passenger spacecraft to reach space in a test flight for the first time by the end of this year . More than 500 would-be space tourists have signed up to take short $ 200,000 flights that would involve several minutes of weightlessness . New Mexico says it 's ready for space travel . The state has built a kind of airport for space ships called Spaceport America . It 's open for business and NASA has already used the facility for unmanned rockets . Other ideas aimed at going up include a proposal for an elevator that would take cargo and travelers into space . Opinion : Hyperloop could be a reality Other ideas What about the extreme future of transportation ? Believe it or not , scientists have been talking about an idea of getting from here to there that sounds like something from "  Star Trek . " Could Scotty 's "  transporter " ever become a real thing ? In 2007 , scientists indicated to CNN that someday it might be possible to scan a person using some advanced form of the technology used to perform MRI scans , and transmit that scanned information somewhere else -- using normal electrical or sound signals -- where it would then be reassembled into an approximation of the original . But there will always be skeptics , like Valerie Jamieson , physics editor of New Scientist Magazine . "  I really do n't think it is ever going to happen , " she said . "  Then again , one thing I 've learned is never to underestimate the ingenuity of physicists , so never say never . " Hyperloop vs. world 's fastest trains	Entrepreneur Elon Musk proposes Hyperloop : shooting travelers through tubes Musk 's idea is aimed at allowing people to travel from San Francisco to Los Angeles in 30 minutes The technology era is spurring countless ideas to improve transportation Ideas include scramjets , bullet trains and driverless cars
EW.com  -- Robin Roberts has returned to the set of "  Good Morning America " -- but is n't making her TV return just yet . She arrived at the Times Square studio at 5 a.m. , ABC reports , for her first in a series of dry runs before returning to her anchor role . "  My doctors want me to see how many people I actually come in contact with . How my body reacts to the stimulation , that 's code word for stress , of being in the studio environment , " she explained . "  My skin is very sensitive and so we have to see how it reacts to the studio lights . My vision is still a little blurry from the treatment . All of this is getting better day by day so that is the next step . " Lance Armstrong nixed ` DWTS ' offer This is the next phase of recovery for Roberts , who had a bone marrow transplant in September to treat myelodysplastic syndrome , and has been off the air since the end of August . Last week , Roberts said in a video interview with the "  GMA " team that she hopes to be back in the anchor chair sometime in February . "  I have a date in mind that is very important to me , " she said . "  But I will ultimately listen to what my doctors say and what they recommend . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Robin Roberts has returned to the set of "  Good Morning America " She arrived at the Times Square studio at 5 a.m. , ABC reports It was her first in a series of dry runs before returning to her anchor role
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- America 's most recent war dead lie in a quiet patch of ground at Arlington National Cemetery known as Section 60 . A soldier places flags alongside tombstones at Arlington National Cemetery . In that parcel are 485 men and women who were killed in Iraq and Afghanistan . Most tourists keep to other paths at the cemetery , visiting the Tomb of the Unknowns or President John F. Kennedy 's gravesite . However , especially on Memorial Day weekend , relatives and friends pay their respects at the graves in Section 60 . "  I wish that everyone in their lifetime could come here at least once , " said David Christoff of Rossford , Ohio , as he stood where his son is buried . Marine Sgt. David Christoff Jr. died in Iraq two years ago at age 25 . As his father 's arms swept toward the rows of white granite gravestones , he said , "  You can see the cost of freedom . It 's not free , by any means . " "  These are all heroes . This is why we 're free today . This is why my son was there . " According to the latest numbers from the Department of Defense , 4,080 U.S. troops have lost their lives in Iraq and 423 in Afghanistan . Arlington is one of more than 100 national cemeteries in the United States where there are military graves . Some families turn down the opportunity to have a loved one buried at Arlington , opting instead to have the grave closer to home . "  It 's a hard place to be -- very emotional , " said Jerry Fowler of Los Altos , California , while visiting the grave of her nephew , Army Sgt. Dale Brehm . He died in Iraq two years ago . "  All these people who lost their lives , " Fowler said , "  and we just walk by like it 's nothing . They meant something . " "  When you walk down these rows , " she added , "  you learn to respect every single person in this row , not just the person you came to see -- every one . " At least 4 million people visit the cemetery each year , according to its Web site , and officials say Arlington , sadly , is running out of space for graves . There are more than 290,000 bodies buried there . Plans to expand the cemetery include seven areas where urns can hold the ashes of more than 100,000 people . Stepping lightly with heavy boots along the row of graves , Army medic Andrew Harriman of the 82nd Airborne dropped to one knee at several . "  We lost 22 guys from our unit , " said the soldier , who was wounded in Iraq . He was awarded the Silver Star and Bronze Star for his valor . "  Every time I come to town , I stop by . " Four of Harriman 's friends are buried in Section 60 . "  I do n't think people realize how hard it is for the families and the co-workers or friends of these guys , " he said . Also buried in Section 60 is Ross Andrew McGinnis of Knox , Pennsylvania . The 19-year-old Army specialist died in Baghdad when he threw himself on a grenade that had been tossed into his Humvee . He saved four fellow soldiers . Next month , McGinnis will be awarded the Medal of Honor , the nation 's highest military award , for his bravery . Not far from his resting place is the burial site of Capt. Maria Ines Ortiz , who became the first Army nurse killed in combat since Vietnam when she died in Iraq last year . Particularly touching are the mementos left at some of the graves -- photographs of wives and children , children 's drawings , coins , greeting cards , notes , stones and even unopened beer bottles . Nino Livaudes was killed in Iraq in April 2003 . At his grave is a multicolored , handmade card bearing the message : "  You are my hero , Daddy . I am 4 years old , and I miss you and love you very much , Grant . "	More than 290,000 veterans are buried at Arlington National Cemetery Section 60 is final resting place for troops killed most recently in Iraq , Afghanistan Particularly touching are the mementos left at some of the graves "  You are my hero , Daddy . ... I miss you , " reads one handmade card
CNN  -- A 17-year-old boy was among the seven people killed in a noon shootout Friday on the streets of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , police said Saturday . The other victims were police officers , Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said Friday . Five were federal police officers and one was a female city police officer , all part of the joint police task force formed to combat drug violence in the border town . Another federal officer was gravely wounded , Reyes said , and a city officer was wounded but not with life-threatening injuries . A civilian was hit by shrapnel , but those injuries were also not serious , he said . Reyes said the incident began when two patrol cars , one from federal police and one from city police , stopped several people they had been investigating . Gunmen in at least two vehicles attacked the police convoy with weapons including AK-47s , he said . The federal police said the gunmen , who escaped in a gray Dodge Durango and a green Dodge Caravan , may have been drug dealers and that the attack may have been in response to several recent arrests in Juarez , including that of eight people apprehended Thursday for possession of weapons , drugs and a stolen van . The mayor said it was n't immediately clear why the police had stopped the people or whether the incident was drug related . Investigators are treating the incident "  as a direct attack on police officers , " he said . Federal police launched an aerial search for the gunmen 's vehicles , but there have been no arrests . Reyes said at a meeting with federal police that he was ordering an increase of patrol cars so there will be three or four cars per location . About 800 police cars now patrol the city , Reyes said . The city police force consists of 3,000 officers , bolstered by 5,000 federal officers . Ciudad Juarez is the most violent city in the nation , with more than 2,600 drug-related deaths in 2009 . No official numbers are available , but more than 400 killings have been reported by local media this year . The city , long the focal point of President Felipe Calderon 's battle against drug cartels , came to renewed prominence after the January 31 killings of 15 people , most of them students with no links to organized crime . The massacre sparked outrage throughout Mexico and drew worldwide attention . In another incident that drew widespread attention , three people associated with the U.S. Consulate in Juarez were gunned down in two shootings last month . Two of the victims , including a pregnant woman , were U.S. citizens living in El Paso , Texas . CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Gunmen may be drug dealers retaliating several recent arrests , police say Six police officers , one civilian killed Friday in noon shootout in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico Five of the dead were federal police officers , one was a female city officer , mayor says Two officers , one civilian wounded
CNN  -- A third person has died in the extensive flooding that has deluged entire towns and threatens even more communities in southern Alberta , Canada , authorities announced Saturday . The three victims , two females and a male , were all found in the Highwood River that runs through the town of High River , about 40 miles south of Calgary , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said . Officials did not identify the victims . High River is one of the worst-affected areas in the flooding that began after torrential mountain rains . At one point , the entire town of 13,000 was covered in brown floodwater and all residents are under an evacuation order , Cpl. Laurel Kading of the RCMP told CNN . There was "  substantial " and "  extensive " damage in the town , where waters rose so rapidly Thursday that about 1,000 people had to be airlifted or rescued by boat , the RCMP said . Kading described one man who dropped his keys when the water began rising , and when he stood up , the water was at his waist . The local news site High River Online reported river levels down substantially on Saturday in some parts of the town , but high water remaining in others . Photographs from the site Saturday showed a large pickup truck entirely caked in mud , indicating how high the water had reached . Another showed a submerged railway bridge covered in tree trunks and tree limbs . More photos showed buildings and roads still submerged . The RCMP said it was conducting door-to-door checks of homes throughout High River . There also was severe flooding to the west of the town , in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains . "  All the little towns all the way along have been affected to some degree or another , " Kading said . "  There are reports of some farms in rural areas where some people have been stranded as well . " To the east , the city of Medicine Hat was preparing for the South Saskatchewan River to burst its banks . City Hall was lined with sandbags . The city predicted water to spill over the banks overnight Saturday and keep rising until it crests Monday morning . About 10,000 people in Medicine Hat , population 62,000 , were evacuated ahead of the flooding . City spokesman Brandy Calvert said officials expect the flood to eclipse the one they had in 1995 , which was the biggest on record . "  We do n't want to anticipate the worst , but we 're going to be prepared for the worst , " Alberta Premier Alison Redford said before visiting the city Saturday . "  We know that from what we 've seen everywhere else that this is more exceptional than we 've ever seen in Alberta before , so we 're presuming that that 's probably the circumstance that we 're looking at  in Medicine Hat  as well . " Calgary was still covered in water days after the Bow and Elbow rivers overflowed . The city was under a state of emergency Saturday , though Mayor Naheed Nenshi said the flow of the water was slowing and some people could start returning home Saturday night . The home of the NHL Calgary Flames , the Saddledome , also was flooded . The team posted pictures on its website showing the darkened interior of the dome with brown water sitting at row eight , blocking the entrance to the players ' tunnel . Downtown Calgary will be closed until the middle of next week at the earliest , said Nenshi 's spokesman , Daorcey Le Bray . About 30,000 power customers were without power , the city said . A pedestrian bridge over the Elbow River was damaged and city assessors were trying to determine the state of the dozens of other bridges , Calgary Police said .	The three victims are in the flooded town of High River Medicine Hat is preparing for the flooding to start Saturday night Much of Calgary is still submerged The Saddledome , home to the Calgary Flames , is flooded
Washington  CNN  -- Paul Ryan joked at the start of a foreign policy speech last year that "  it 's nice to actually finally get out of my fiscal cocoon and talk about these issues . " The House Budget Committee chairman , a notorious numbers guy consumed by fiscal policy , then perched himself firmly in that cocoon by explaining to the conservative Alexander Hamilton Society that good foreign policy depends on a strong economy . "  If we fail to put our budget on a sustainable path , then we are choosing decline as a world power , " Ryan said in repeating his personal mantra that fixing the nation 's chronic debt-deficit problem underpins other major issues and challenges . Paul Ryan a big Twitter trend The seven-term Republican congressman chosen to be Mitt Romney 's running mate in November is well-known for his fiscal conservatism , part of a political orthodoxy stemming from his background as a devout Wisconsin Catholic with working-class roots . He adheres to similarly conservative stances on other major issues . For example , Ryan opposes abortion , believing life begins at conception . He defines legal marriage as between a man and a woman , and voted against ending the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that banned openly gay and lesbian service members . An avid hunter , he hailed a 2008 Supreme Court ruling that struck down a sweeping ban on handguns in Washington , D.C. On foreign policy , the 42-year-old Ryan expresses the conservative view that America 's unique founding principle of God-given equal rights for all -- referred to as American exceptionalism -- makes it the rightful and necessary country to exert influence and leadership in the world . "  A world without U.S. leadership will be a more chaotic place , a place where we have less influence , and a place where our citizens face more dangers and fewer opportunities , " he said in last year 's speech to the Alexander Hamilton Society . Foreign policy shaped by budget battles To no one 's surprise , Ryan calls for repeal of President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul , both on fiscal and social grounds . He argues the 2010 law that passed with zero Republican support removes free-market principles from the health care industry . He also opposes how the Obama administration requires religious-affiliated hospitals and schools to provide health insurance plans that cover abortion and female contraceptives , arguing that forces Catholics and others to act against their churches ' teachings . Frum : Romney blew it The rule "  disrespects not only the religious community , but it also disrespects the Constitution , " Ryan 's congressional website says . "  By treating our rights as revocable privileges from our government , instead of inalienable gifts from our Creator , the President has put his personal political philosophies above the principles upon which this nation was founded . " Bennett : Romney nailed it On immigration reform , Ryan follows the Republican Party line of calling for a comprehensive approach -- stronger border security , an effective worker verification system and no shortcuts to citizenship for those already living in America without legal status . He also opposes the DREAM Act backed by Obama and Democrats as too narrow because it only addresses a symptom of the overall problem by providing some young immigrants a path to legal status . The proposed law would allow some children of illegal immigrants who graduated high school , attended college or successfully completed military service to avoid deportation . With the measure blocked by congressional Republicans , the Obama administration this year took unilateral steps to stop deporting some eligible young immigrants and give them a chance to get two-year work authorization documents . Ryan sets domestic pace for GOP "  We must first secure the border and stem the flow of illegal immigration , and then work to increase legal immigration through an enforceable guest worker program and by developing a more secure employee verification system , " Ryan 's website says . "  I believe it would be a serious mistake to pursue piecemeal reforms like the DREAM Act without first putting in place these fundamental components of immigration reform . The Obama campaign has seized on Ryan 's conservative record , portraying him as a right-wing ideologue who would work with Romney to roll back social progress . Choice of Ryan a gift to both campaigns In particular , Obama and Democrats argue the House Republican budget plan bearing Ryan 's name would slash funding for government programs such as Head Start early childhood education and transform the Medicare health care program for senior citizens into what they say would be a voucher system . An Obama campaign website says legislation Ryan co-sponsored , if enacted , could result in a ban on in-vitro fertilization as well as any abortion , even if in cases of rape or incest . It also says Ryan voted against the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act that promotes equal pay for women . "  Congressman Ryan is a right-wing ideologue , and that is reflected in the positions that he 's taken , " Obama 's senior campaign adviser , David Axelrod , told CNN on Sunday , adding : "  He is quite extreme . Good , good person , you know , genial person , but his views are quite harsh . " Choice may shift focus to Catholicism Republicans rallying to support Ryan as Romney 's running mate say his record as House Budget chairman , with bold initiatives to tackle the debt crisis , showed him to be a leader in comparison to what they call failed or insufficient policies by Obama and Democrats . The first poll on Romney 's choice of Ryan , released Monday by USA Today/Gallup , showed 39 % of the public felt "  excellent or pretty good " about it , while 42 % felt "  fair or poor " and 19 % had no opinion . The survey was conducted Sunday and had a sampling error of 4 % . Ryan jokes spring up on internet By comparison , a poll of the smaller sampling of registered voters four years ago found 46 % thought Sarah Palin was an "  excellent or pretty good " choice by John McCain , while 37 % called the pick "  fair or poor " and 17 % had no opinion . Monday 's poll also showed that 66 % of respondents said Romney 's choice of Ryan would have no effect on whether they would support the GOP ticket . How do you feel about Romney selecting Ryan as his running mate ? Let us know on CNN iReport . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Paul Ryan has a conservative record on major issues A Catholic with working-class roots , Ryan opposes abortion and legalizing gay marriage The seven-term congressman is House Budget chairman at age 42 He backs conservative Republican policy on most matters
CNN  -- Gone are the days of the grainy camera phone images with the resolution of a poor imitation Monet . Today 's smartphone cameras are so advanced that mobile photography is becoming an art form in its own right , turning photo-sharing apps like Instagram into portable galleries for amateur photographers , and professionals like street style photographer Tommy Ton and chief official White House photographer Pete Souza . "  You have the dark room in your pocket , " says Pierre Le Govic , the Paris-based founder of Out of the Phone , the world 's first publishing house dedicated to mobile photography . This month , Out of the Phone follows its debut publication , last year 's book of mobile photos from two-time Pulitzer Prize-nominated photographer Richard Koci Hernandez , with Out of the Phone : The Mobile Photo Book 2014 , a diverse selection of 100 Instagram images taken by users from 25 countries . Democratizing photography Before founding Out of the Phone in 2013 , Le Govic ran a fine art photography printing company that counted Daido Moriyama and William Eggleston as clients . He first started following mobile photography on Instagram in 2011 , and was surprised and impressed by the quality of work that hobbyists were creating . "  Now there are many well known photographers who use the platform , but at the very beginning , there were many people who did n't know so much about photography , and these were the kind of people that I wanted to showcase , " he says . "  But on the other hand , it was also something confusing because there are too many images . " The desire to curate what he was seeing , coupled with a longtime ambition to create books , led him to give publishing a try . While Le Govic had preselected a number of established photographers to feature in this year 's inaugural anthology  he 's hoping it will become an annual publication  , he also gave Instagram users the chance to put themselves up for consideration , using the hashtag #outofthephone to nominate their best works . He was astounded to receive over 20,000 submissions . What was he looking for in a successful entry ? Technical skill was understandably important , but Le Govic says he also sought something less tangible . "  At the end , what is important is the story and the sensibility of the photographer ... It 's a mix between a good story , a good composition , " he says . "  Photography , for me , is a sort of fresh air , a way to look at things differently . So I 'm looking for that sort of feeling when I look at pictures . " Preserving "  moments of grace " Now that The Mobile Photo Book has been published , Le Govic is looking forward to promoting his concept and expanding . He 's looking to start hiring in the New Year  so far , it 's been a one-man operation  , and solicit investors and partners . Several projects are set for release next year , including books from award-winning documentary photographer Benjamin Lowy , and other photographers he believes are using the medium to its fullest . "  Some images deserve to get to paper because it 's a kind of memory , " he says . "  If I can help to keep memory of interesting moments , some moments of grace perhaps ... I think it 's interesting to fix them on paper and to alert to people not to forget them . " Out of the Phone : The Mobile Photo Book 2014 is available for purchase online . Unseen pictures of the Rolling Stones and Pink Floyd Supercar Shangri-La : Full throttle through Italy 's ` Motor Valley ' This aerial photographer captures the eerie geometry of life A peek inside Europe 's most prestigious photography festival	Out of the Phone is the first publisher to focus on mobile photography exclusively A new anthology highlights 100 of the best Instagram pictures of 2014 Founder Pierre Le Govic aims to showcase both amateur and professional photographers
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Web sites come and go , but the short bursts of text you publish on one Web site in particular -- Twitter.com -- may end up having a longer shelf life than the company itself . The Library of Congress announced this week that it will archive the billions of tweets published since Twitter launched in March 2006 . Yes , that Twitter , the social networking site mocked and trash-talked in the press , late-night talk shows and by retro-minded pundits as 21st-century navel gazing for fidgeting geeks  David Letterman : "  You know what it reminds me of ? Oh yeah , a waste of time . " But that 's not the way the library sees it : If you use Twitter and your status updates are public , they should be in the archive . Twitter haters can go on scoffing that tweets are only ephemeral bits of frivolous information , but the Library of Congress has just ratified the importance of social media in recording history . What else does this mean ? Only that future generations will have an unprecedented amount of firsthand data  in 140-character bites  about what people from every corner of the world were doing , thinking and feeling at every moment starting four years ago . There will be a record , for example , of the torrent of tweets that brought news from street demonstrations during the Iranian elections last year , when Internet and mobile lines were cut off . There will be a record of the devastation and the relief efforts out of Haiti and Chile after the earthquakes ; and of a certain historic presidential inauguration .  http://twitter.com/barackobama/status/992176676 "  We just made history . All of this happened because you gave your time , talent and passion . All of this happened because of you . Thanks " More on the Library of Congress plan to archive tweets Thoughts and ideas written by people who would n't necessarily be in a position to write them into books  some for good reason  will be immortalized just the same . Current and future academics , historians and anthropologists will have a simple but deep dataset to analyze in new ways they have n't thought of yet . The Library of Congress is the nation 's oldest federal cultural institution . Its mission is to "  sustain and preserve a universal collection of knowledge and creativity for future generations . " It does n't sound like the right place to archive messages thumbed on a cell phone or dashed off in the Web page text box of a Web site . Or as one of my own twitter followers put it : "  Since when does banality & frivolity warrant cultural preservation ? " - @matty_g http://twitter.com/matty_g/status/12187504242 But amidst the "  craving a chocolate bar " or "  watching my cat throw up a hairball " tweets , there is a serious reflection of historical context -- a real-time timeline written by regular people . Even a small sampling of archived tweets yields insights . "  BREAKING : Healthcare Reform Just Passed !!!! This is one small step for health care , one giant leap for America ! "  http://twitter.com/Jason_Pollock/status/10852088956 Another , when Shaun White won the Olympic gold : "  Oh my God ! Shaun White was amazing in the half pipe ! Landing the double mctwist/big mac/white snake / giant tomato ! Sweet ! " http://twitter.com/Swiftsfan/status/9268595586 And this week the White House  @whitehouse on Twitter  solicited ideas from citizens about what the United States ' next major technological or scientific achievement should be . The archive of tweeted replies is intended to help prioritize the president 's to-do list . Finally , three things about Twitter 's dataset particularly suit it for the library 's archive : 1 . A tweet is small and has a simple structure . 2 . Most tweets are public . 3 . Billions of public tweets are already available , and millions of new tweets go into the system every day . While Twitter itself and certain partners maintain copies of the data created with the service , the library will preserve that data regardless of what becomes of those businesses . Perhaps the most amazing thing is that the tweet archive gives many more people entre into a collection historically reserved for a select few . Getting your words and ideas included in such an important cultural archive is a privilege . Twitter users may cringe at the thought that their tweet about the cat getting sick will outlive them like this , but they should celebrate , then make their next tweet really good . It will be around for awhile . Or as a twitter follower put it : "  LC archiving tweets should remind us all that once it is in the ether , it 's forever . " - @itwalkabout http://twitter.com/itwalkabout/status/12187791303 The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gina Trapani .	Library of Congress will archive all Twitter messages since site started in 2006 The move , Gina Trapani says , validates social media 's role in recording history Archive gives academics , historians , anthropologists a simple , deep dataset , she says Trapani : Many more people will have entre into a collection usually reserved for select few
CNN  -- If any American has the power of persuasion over North Korea 's defiant young ruler , it might be eccentric ex-basketball star Dennis Rodman . So when Rodman digitally called for Kim Jong Un to release U.S. citizen Kenneth Bae , he may have a shot at a response . "  I 'm calling on the Supreme Leader of North Korea or as I call him "  Kim " , to do me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose , " Rodman tweeted . Dennis Rodman is North Korean leader 's ` friend for life ' Bae was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor last month after he was convicted of unspecified "  hostile acts " against North Korea . The country 's state-run Korean Central News Agency said the Korean-American was arrested November 3 after arriving as a tourist in Rason City , a northeastern port near the Chinese border . Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper last week that her brother is not a spy . "  He has never had any evil intentions against North Korea , or any other country for that matter , " Chung said . She said her brother owns a tour company and was in North Korea for work . "  He did n't have any problems going there last time , last year five times , so he did n't have any reason to suspect that there would be any trouble this time around , " she said . U.S. officials have struggled to establish how exactly Bae fell afoul of North Korean authorities . The North Korean statement on his conviction provided no details of the allegations against him . "  This was somebody who was a tour operator , who has been there in the past and has a visa to go to the North , " a senior U.S. official told CNN on Monday , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue . But NK News , a U.S.-based website that focuses on North Korea , suggests Bae has served as a missionary trying to convert North Koreans . "  I knew that Jesus wanted me to be a ` channel ' to the North , " Bae told a Korean congregation at a St. Louis church in 2011 , NK News reported . "  This year , I 'm working at taking several short term missionary teams into North Korea . " Bae 's sentencing came after weeks of intense rhetoric from North Korea , which conducted its third nuclear test in February and launched a satellite into orbit atop a long-range rocket in December . Washington responded by deploying additional missile interceptors on the West Coast , dispatching a missile defense system to the Pacific territory of Guam and bolstering annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises with overflights by nuclear-capable B-2 and B-52 bombers . Rodman , the heavily pierced NBA Hall of Famer , made headlines when he befriended North Korea 's supreme leader during a visit in February . "  You have a friend for life , " Rodman told Kim after the two men sat next to each other watching an unusual basketball exhibition in Pyongyang . But Rodman said he is not an official diplomat between the United States and North Korea . "  I 'm not a politician , " he tweeted . "  Kim Jung Un & North Korean people are basketball fans . I love everyone . Period . End of story . "	Dennis Rodman : "  Do me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose " Bae was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in North Korea for unspecified "  hostile acts " His sister says Bae owns a tour company and is not a spy Rodman has called North Korean ruler Kim Jong Un a "  friend for life "
CNN  -- Canada 's public radio is asking listeners to pick 49 songs that will "  best define " the country to the incoming president of its southern neighbor . Canadians are voting on the 49 songs that best define their nation , for President-elect Barack Obama 's benefit . Online voting for "  49 Songs from North of the 49th Parallel " ends Friday , and CBC Radio 2 will unveil and play the picks on the day of Barack Obama 's presidential inauguration Tuesday . "  One of the best ways to know Canada is through the depth and breath of our artistic expression , " Denise Donion , CBC 's executive director , said on the station 's web site . Obama 's taste in music runs the gamut from old-school R&B to blues and classical . "  His playlist could definitely benefit from some Canadian content , " the station said . Listeners can pick from 100 songs . They range from classical  Montreal Symphony Orchestra  , to classic rock  The Band , Rush  , to more contemporary fare  Feist , Arcade Fire  . You can check out the entire list at http://www.cbc.ca/radio2/obamasplaylist/	CBC Radio 2 asks listeners to pick 49 songs that best define Canada They 're building playlist so Barack Obama can better understand neighbor to north Options have wide range : classical , classic rock , contemporary fare
John Travolta is speaking out about his flub while introducing Idina Menzel 's singing performance at the Oscars on Sunday night . Travolta butchered the singer 's name , calling her "  the wickedly talented Adele Dazeem . " For the record , the pronunciation should have been closer to "  Uh-deen-ah Men-zelle . " Menzel performed the Academy Award-winning song "  Let It Go " from "  Frozen , " which also won the best animated feature Oscar . Travolta 's publicist sent this statement to CNN , requesting that it be shared in its entirety : "  I 've been beating myself up all day . Then I thought ... what would Idina Menzel say She 'd say , Let it go , let it go ! Idina is incredibly talented and I am so happy Frozen took home two Oscars Sunday night ! " Ironically , the initial statement sent to CNN Tuesday was also somewhat distorted , containing sentence fragments and missing key phrases . The blunder resulted in great fun across social networks , with some help from Slate.com 's "  widget to Travoltify your own name . " "  You 're no one until you 've had your name mangled by a confused , squinting John Travolta , " Slate said . "  What 's your Travoltified name ? Find out with our handy widget ! " Wolf Blitzer "  Travoltified " becomes "  Will Butter . " Anderson Cooper is translated into "  Alasdair Crarter . " John Travolta is "  Jan Thozomas . "	Travolta introduced Idina Menzel as "  Adele Dazeem " "  I 've been beating myself up all day , " Travolta says Blunder prompted online joking about "  Travoltified " names
CNN  -- A Good Samaritan died Saturday while trying a save two people who had been swept into the Pacific Ocean in San Pedro , California , authorities said . The 36-year-old victim , whose name was not released , was one of several people who jumped into the waters near the Cabrillo Beach breakwater after the teen and a 49-year-old man were swept into the ocean , Los Angeles Port Police Lt. Michael Capodanno said in a statement . Authorities responded to a 6:35 a.m. call that three people had been swept into the water at the breakwater , a popular gathering spot for fishing and taking pictures , said Los Angeles Fire Department spokesman Brian Humphrey . San Pedro is about 25 miles south of Los Angeles . The 49-year-old man made his way out of the water on his own . The 14-year-old was pulled from the water by divers and transported to a hospital . Humphrey said it appears the two had been fishing on the breakwater . The 36-year-old victim had no pulse and was not breathing when fire department divers pulled him from the water , Humphrey said . Rescuers performed CPR as they transported him to Providence Little Company of Mary Medical Center , where he was later pronounced dead . Capodanno said both the 49-year-old and the teen were in "  good health " and released from the hospital . Hawaii football player dies after wave sweeps him from Oahu beach	A Good Samaritan drowns trying to save a teen and a man swept into ocean near Los Angeles The 36-year-old victim was one of several people who tried to help The victim had no pulse and was not breathing when divers pulled him from water
CNN  -- A furry bat named after a notorious Star Wars character , bombardier beetles that unleash explosive , foul-smelling gas to defend themselves , ants that ca n't walk or stand on flat surfaces and a mysterious cave-dwelling frog that runs instead of hopping . These bizarre and wildly interesting creatures are just some of the 1,200 species of animals and plants that have been documented for the first time by scientists in the Gorongosa National Park , a stunning biodiversity haven in central Mozambique . In mid-April , a team of 15 local and international scientists ventured into the park 's spectacular rolling woodlands , deep gorges and riverine forests to conduct the first comprehensive biodiversity survey in a remote and largely unexplored area that was ravaged by years of war and poaching . Read this : 7 amazing mountain climbs in Africa For about four weeks , the biologists were transformed into nature detectives surveying the Cheringoma Plateau , the part of the park that was least known biologically . Armed with rubber boots , headlamps and a huge variety of sophisticated equipment , they embarked on a painstaking mission to document life in the area and discover the rare , threatened and new-to-science species that live in it . They climbed giant trees and rapelled from limestone cliffs to get samples of organisms from almost inaccessible canyons ; they used ultraviolet lights and pheromone traps to attract insects ; remote cameras and traditional tracking techniques to document large mammals ; ultrasonic sound detectors to record hard-to-get wildlife , mist nets to capture wild birds and pitfall traps for reptiles and amphibians . "  We found all kinds of really exciting things , " says expedition leader Piotr Naskrecki , associate director of the soon-to-open Biodiversity Laboratory in Gorongosa . "  We 've at least doubled the number of species that is known from the national park , probably closer to tripling it , " he adds . "  Some of them are new to Mozambique and some are new to science . " Discoveries Major findings consisted of 182 species of birds , including four rare forest dwellers recorded for the first time in Gorongosa . They also found several species of cricket-like katydids that are new to science , as well as a leaf katydid that had not been seen alive since the 1800s , and 54 species of mammals , including diminutive elephant shrews . Other highlights included more than 100 species of ants , 47 species of reptiles , 33 species of frogs , hundreds of species of beetles and more than 320 species of plants that are new to Mozambique . And , of course , the "  Chewbacca bat , "  real name Triaenops persicus  named after Han Solo 's hairy sidekick in the Star Wars movies , and a strange silver and black Kassina frog that is probably new to science . "  It was an extremely rich experience in terms of adding data to what we 've known about the park , " says Naskrecki , who is also an entomologist at the Harvard Museum of Comparative Zoology . ` Doomed place ' Sitting at the southernmost tip of the Great Rift Valley , Gorongosa used to be one of Africa 's richest wildlife refuges , a natural wonderland teeming with large populations of buffalo , lions , elephants and hippos . But it all changed in the mid-1970s when Mozambique descended into a bloody civil war . The conflict lasted until 1992 and had a devastating impact on Gorongosa . The park was turned from a wildlife treasure into a battlefield . Thousands of animals roaming its open grasslands were killed by warring groups and entire populations of wildlife came close to extinction . Read this : Saving the African forest elephant "  After the war , there was very little left , " says Naskrecki . "  The place seemed to be doomed . " He explains that before the war the park sheltered some 14,000 African buffalo ; after the conflict , there were about 100 of them . "  The same thing with lions , " adds Naskrecki . "  There used to be about 2,000 lions in the park and after the war there were maybe 30 left , " he continues . "  It also had about 2,500 elephants and after the war it had only 200 . " The decimation continued after the war with extensive poaching and illegal logging . Restoration efforts But hopes for the park 's revival have returned in recent years , thanks in large part to the efforts of the Gorongosa Restoration Project , an initiative led by retired American IT entrepreneur Greg Carr , aiming to bring the fragile ecosystem back to its former glory . In 2008 , Carr 's foundation signed a 20-year contract with the Mozambican government to rejuvenate and protect the park 's diverse ecosystem , as well as create a thriving ecotourism industry that would benefit communities in the area . Key to the restoration efforts is the documentation and studying of life in Gorongosa -- a process that started with the scientific expedition in mid-April . Read this : Could horn sale end rhino slaughter ? Naskrecki says the information recorded and collected , which will be presented in its entirety in a report later this year , will help guide restoration efforts in the park . It will also provide proof that Gorongosa is still a biodiversity hotspot that needs to be protected from industrial development , such as mining . "  Every single species we found , every orchid , every katydid , every frog is a powerful argument for maintaining the protective status of this area , " says Naskrecki "  The main point , however , is not that we found unusual , rare , or new species , but that we found so many of them and in thriving populations . All this indicates that Gorongosa National Park is successfully recovering from the damage caused by the 17 years of civil war , which left many of its species decimated . "  The small animals ... may seem insignificant compared to lions and elephants , which are also recovering nicely , but they are very good indicators of the health and richness of the Gorongosa ecosystem . "	New species discovered by researchers in Mozambique Scientists carried out first major biodiversity study in Gorongosa National Park Frog that ca n't hop and "  Chewbacca bat " found in the park The forest was ravaged by years of conflict and poaching
CNN  -- It 's been described as one of the greatest Victorian gothic horror stories of all time . Two ships with 129 men on board and fitted with the latest technology , vanish with barely a trace left behind . One hundred and sixty years of searching -- one attempt as recent as last month -- have failed to find "  HMS Erebus " and her sister ship , the somewhat appropriately named "  HMS Terror " -- the two vessels lost in the Arctic . In 1845 British Royal Navy captain Sir John Franklin set out with some of the finest sailors of the time on a mission to map the Northwest Passage . Franklin 's expedition was n't the first to the region , but it is the most infamous . "  Why did this fail when all the others did n't , " asks author William Battersby . "  There was something jinxed about the expedition . " Battersby is one of many to be transfixed by the mystery of Franklin 's last voyage . "  We love adventure stories , of derring-do , win against all odds , but in this story they do n't and we still do n't know why . " The environment of the Northwest Passage is unforgiving . The landscape is vast and deserted , comparable only to Jupiter 's moons . The winters are unrelenting and bleak . Franklin 's men were faced with particularly brutally harsh temperatures and blizzards when they reached the region . Despite the ships being reinforced with steel and holding three years worth or provisions , it appears the environment got the better of the crew . "  Man proposes , God disposes , " says Bob Headland from the Scott Polar Research Institute , who regularly visits the region . ' "  And the ice gods are a fickle lot . " The disappearance of the Erebus and the Terror has prompted the longest search mission in history : Although there have been numerous attempts to find the ships , there has been no sign of them . Ryan Harris from Parks Canada led the most recent mission to try to locate the shipwrecks . Last month , his crews spent hours scouring the ocean floor , searching waters up to 50 meters deep . "  It 's an incredible story . It 's got shipwrecks , the remoteness of the Arctic , putting the might of English industrialism against Mother Nature , " says Harris . Since 1997 Parks Canada has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars attempting to locate the "  Erebus " and "  Terror . " The tale of the Franklin expedition has enthralled Canadians -- the wreckage has the dubious honor of being the only national historic site in Canada that has n't been found yet . "  Once Franklin received his orders that sealed his fate , " Harris explains . "  In directing them south-west into ultimately the Victoria Strait it took them to the ice choke point . Once they fell into the clutch of that area , their fate was sealed . There 's not much wildlife there and it is isolated . " The last known account of the "  Erebus " and "  Terror " came in 1848 . A rock cairn with a message on it indicated that the harsh conditions had already claimed their first lives , with only 105 men left alive . Franklin was one of the first casualties of his own expedition . That same year the men abandoned their ships , archaeologists believing they began making their way south in a desperate bid to find food . However the harsh environment supported little , and with few animals to hunt and over 100 men to feed , the chance of survival was low . It 's been suggested that the men may have resorted to cannibalism in their last-ditch efforts to survive . "  There were far too many men to live off the environment . What man plans and what nature allows are two different things , " says Headland . Archaeologists have relied heavily upon oral Inuit history to try to put the pieces of the puzzle together . Based on their accounts it is thought some of the men lived for another three or four years after abandoning ship . But questions remain over exactly what happened to them . In 160 years only two skeletons and three perfectly preserved bodies have been uncovered . It is likely diseases such as scurvy claimed many lives but Battersby believes it may have been the ships themselves that killed the sailors . His theory is that the men succumbed to lead poisoning derived from the internal pipe system used to melt ice into drinking water . It 's hoped the discovery of the ships will provide answers . ' "  There 's a charm to the story , " acknowledges Harris . "  By solving a mystery it takes the allure away . " But having said that , Harris is determined the search will go on until the "  Erebus " and the "  Terror " are found . Parks Canada insists that their searches have not been futile and they 'll continue to gather information to help with future efforts . "  I hope we 're the last , " says Harris . But after 160 years it 's possible that this tale may be frozen in time forever . "  These are the last of the ghost ships , " says Battersby . "  It is the world 's biggest ghost story . "	In 1845 Sir John Franklin and 129 men set out on a mission to map the Northwest Passage 160 years of searching have failed to find the lost ships "  HMS Erebus " and "  HMS Terror " The last known account of the expedition was in 1848
CNN  -- "  We all dream of a team of Carraghers " is a tribute to Liverpool FC 's former player and cult hero , Jamie Carragher , which dares to imagine a first 11 made up entirely of the club 's legendary defender . It seems Italy 's Mario Balotelli 's mind is set on something else . The striker posted a photo on his Facebook page featuring a Panini sticker book featuring the entire Italy squad made up entirely of his own stickers . It shows some real application on the part of Balo , as he is affectionately known -- it would n't have been that easy to get so many copies of his own sticker . The Italian is a divisive figure and has had more than his fair share of off-field headlines . The A.C. Milan striker , who broke English hearts in Manaus over the weekend by scoring the winning goal in their group D match , is well known for not only his on-field prowess but also a series of ill-judged pranks , including one which culminated in his setting his house on fire with fireworks while at Manchester City . That got him plenty of column inches , which he lapped up , acknowledging the fascination with his hijinks by wearing a t-shirt on-field which read , "  Why always me ? " Now , it seems he 's answered his own question with his vision for the perfect Italian lineup . Why not only him ?	Mario Balotelli has a little fun with his Panini sticker album Striker 's self-regarding Facebook picture shows a full Italy squad made up of his photos
A 4-year-old boy was shot and killed by his 4-year-old female cousin while they were playing with a gun , Detroit police said . The shooting happened Thursday in a home on the city 's west side . There were three children -- all cousins -- at the home at the time of the incident , said Detroit Deputy Chief Rodney Johnson . The third child was 5 , he said . Detroit Police Public Information Officer Adam Madera said the children found a "  long gun " under a bed , pulled it out and began to play with it . "  At this time , although it 's early in the investigation , this appears to be a tragic accident , " Madera said . There was an adult present in the house , but that person was a family friend and unrelated to the children , Johnson said . "  It 's too early to say if charges will be filed in this case , " Johnson said . This is the latest incident involving children who accidentally shoot someone or die of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . In October , a babysitter in Vidor , Texas , was charged after her 5-year-old charge fatally shot himself with her gun , police said . Two weeks earlier , a 2-year-old girl fatally shot herself in Fayetteville , North Carolina , and the toddler 's father faced involuntary manslaughter charges , police said . In New Orleans , a 5-year-old girl died June 23 after she came into contact with a .38 - caliber revolver and accidentally shot herself in the head while her mother was at a store , police said . Last August , a 3-year-old boy in Dundee , Michigan , found a .40 - caliber handgun belonging to a family friend on a closet floor in his home . He died after accidentally shooting himself in the head , police said . A study of Colorado trauma center data found a surprising number of children were being injured , many of them seriously , by guns . According to the Centers for Disease Control 's National Center for Injury Prevention and Control , 703 children under the age of 15 died in accidental firearms deaths between 2001 and 2010 , the latest year for which data are available . During the same period , 7,766 children under the age of 14 suffered accidental firearm injuries .	4-year-old girl fatally shoots 4-year-old cousin , police say Detroit police : Children found "  long gun " under bed Police say incident appears to be tragic accident
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG Live 's negotiations with a doctor to treat Michael Jackson were "  highly inappropriate , " a music industry veteran testified Monday . The concert promoter 's agreement to pay Dr. Conrad Murray $ 150,000 a month during Jackson 's comeback tour set up an "  egregious " conflict of interest in which the physician was beholden to the company and himself before Jackson 's interests , he testified . David Berman , who once headed Capitol Records and worked for decades as an entertainment lawyer , was brought into court as an expert witness by Jackson 's mother and children in their wrongful death lawsuit against AEG Live . The tiny Los Angeles courtroom became less crowded Monday after the city fire marshal , acting on a complaint from an unidentified party , ordered that fewer people be allowed inside , according to a court spokesman . Just one seat is allotted to the public and the number of journalists allowed inside was reduced to just eight at a time under the new limits . The 30 seats set aside for lawyers were not reduced . The judge rejected CNN 's request to televise the trial in March , but she has allowed a small camera and microphone to be focused on the witness so that people in another courtroom can watch the trial . Michael Jackson 's longtime personal chef Kai Chase , who was in his home when he died , is set to testify Tuesday . Also coming up , the Jackson lawyers will show jurors the "  This Is It " documentary produced using rehearsal video . The wrongful death trial , which is in its eighth week , is expected to last until August , according to lawyers . Jackson lawyer Brian Panish estimated Monday that he would call his last witness around July 8 . One of the four alternative jurors asked the judge to dismiss him from the case Monday because he has sold his Los Angeles home and must move to Atlanta . "  If we are only a third of the way through there 's no way I can make it , " he said . Judge Yvette Palazuelos said it is "  highly likely I 'm going to excuse you , " but she will confer with lawyers from both sides before deciding . The Jackson lawsuit accuses AEG Live of liability in Michael Jackson 's death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . Murray told police he used the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia so he could rest for rehearsals for his "  This Is It " concerts . The coroner ruled Jackson 's death was from an overdose of the drug . AEG Live lawyers argue it was Jackson who chose and supervised Murray . They contend AEG executives had no way of knowing the doctor was using propofol on Jackson . Berman , who is paid $ 500 an hour by the Jacksons as an expert witness , said he reviewed "  an enormous amount " of material , including an "  extraordinary number of e-mails , " to reach his conclusions that Murray 's hiring was "  highly inappropriate and "  highly unusual . " "  I have never heard of it being done , and indeed , it is my understanding up until these case , AEG had never done it , " Berman testified , referring to a concert promoter hiring a doctor for an artist . "  It creates an inherent conflict of interest on the part of the physician , " Berman said . "  The physician has dual obligations to the patient and the entity that is engaging them and who is paying his compensation . That , in of itself , is a conflict . It 's a more egregious conflict in the circumstances in this case . " Berman was critical of AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips ' response to an e-mail from show director Kenny Ortega warning five days before Jackson 's death about the singer 's "  continued physical weakening ad deepening emotional state . " "  Kenny , it is critical that neither you , me , or anyone around this show become amateur psychologists or physicians , " Phillips wrote "  I had a lengthy conversation with Dr. Murray , who I am gaining immense respect for as I get to deal with him more . He said that Michael is not only physically equipped to perform and that discouraging him to , will hasten his decline instead of stopping it . Dr. Murray also reiterated that he is mentally able to and was speaking to me from the house where he had spent the morning with MJ . This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig so he totally unbiased and ethical . " Phillips ' response is "  very telling on a number of levels , " Berman said . "  He is somewhat dismissive of Mr. Ortega 's concerns . " "  There are serious problems with that statement because he recognizes the potential of the doctor not being ethical and unbiased if he does need the gig and has financial problems , " he said . It shows AEG Live was aware of the potential for a conflict , Berman testified . "  When , in fact , Dr. Murray was in dire financial straits at the time and did need the gig . " A Los Angeles Police detective testified earlier in the trial that Murray was more than $ 1 million in debt and that his Las Vegas medical clinic faced eviction in the months before he was hired to treat Jackson . The contractual relationship between AEG Live and Dr. Murray was "  not unlike the team doctor for a football team , where the quarterback is injured and the doctor comes to the medical conclusion that the quarterback should be taken out of the game for a period of weeks , but the team does n't want him out , " Berman said . "  There is an inherent conflict . " Berman also noted that the contract said AEG Live could terminate Murray if concerts were postponed or canceled . "  The fact that if the tour is even just postponed that AEG Live has the ability to cease any further compensation for Dr. Murray , giving Dr. Murray even greater conflict of interest since he was in financial dire straits , he did need this gig and if it was postponed , which could hypothetically be in the best interest of Michael Jackson , he ran the risk of losing any further compensation , " he testified . Berman was asked about the so-called "  smoking gun " e-mail sent by AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware ahead of a planned meeting with Dr. Murray : "  We want to remind him that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want him to understand what is expected of him . " The e-mail indicates AEG Live executives wanted "  to control , to some extent , Dr. Murray " by reminding him they are paying his salary , Berman said . Is that reasonable , he was asked . "  Certainly not , " Berman said . "  It is indicative of the fact that they want to control the services of Dr. Murray , as opposed to the artist . " Berman testified that AEG Live executives should have recognized there could be a problem with Dr. Murray when he initially asked for $ 5 million for one year as Jackson 's doctor . "  That is a pretty bizarre amount , " he said . The eventual agreement to pay the doctor $ 150,000 a month was still "  an exorbitant amount , more than any other person on the tour was paid , " he said . "  Even more of a red flag since AEG was aware of another doctor who was willing to take the job for $ 40,000 a month . " "  It 's indicative of something out of whack , " Berman testified . Berman also said it was "  inappropriate " for AEG Live to not loop in any Jackson lawyer or manager into the negotiations with Murray . "  I find that extremely unusual , " he testified . Murray signed the contract and faxed it back to AEG Live on June 24 , 2009 -- a day before Jackson 's death . But AEG Live 's executives never signed and the signature space for Jackson 's signature was also left blank . "  That is not inconsistent with this being a valid oral agreement , " Berman said . Berman testified the e-mails confirmed an oral agreement was in place . It is a common practice in the music industry for oral agreements to be put in writing long after the services are commenced , he said . He pointed to the certification of sponsorship AEG submitted to the British government for Murray to practice in England as evidence they considered him hired .	Music industry veteran David Berman testifies for Jackson side in wrongful death trial AEG Live 's contract with Dr. Murray caused ` an inherent conflict of interest ' Jackson 's longtime chef Kai Chase set to testify Tuesday Fire marshal limits number of observers in court , allowing just 1 member of the public
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed legislation Thursday evening extending several key provisions of the Patriot Act shortly before they were set to expire at midnight . The provisions -- passed after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attack -- deal with roving wiretaps , the tracking of alleged "  lone wolf " terrorists , and the ability of law enforcement officials to obtain records they deem relevant to an investigation after securing an order from a federal court . The bill passed both the House of Representatives and the Senate earlier in the day . Obama , currently on a trip to Europe , directed the use of an autopen -- a signature reproduction device -- to sign the measure , according to White House spokesman Nick Shapiro . The House was forced to briefly delay the start of its Memorial Day recess to vote on the measure . A protracted dispute over the legislation in the Senate , fueled by conservative newcomer Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , muddied voting schedules . Paul reached a deal with Senate leaders to allow votes on whether to table two of his amendments . Both amendments failed , and the subsequent Senate vote on the measure to extend the Patriot Act provisions for four years passed easily on a 72-23 vote . The 250-153 House vote was tighter , with lawmakers on the right and left opposing an extension for various reasons . For example , some members of Congress are concerned about the law 's impact on civil liberties , while others support the law but think it should be made permanent . One of the three provisions , Section 206 of the Patriot Act , provides for roving wiretap surveillance of targets who try to thwart Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  surveillance . Without such roving wiretap authority , investigators would be forced to seek a new court order each time they need to change the location , phone or computer that needs to be monitored . Another provision , Section 215 of the Patriot Act , allows the FBI to apply to the FISA court to issue orders granting the government access to any tangible items in foreign intelligence , international terrorism and clandestine intelligence cases . The third provision , Section 6001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorist Prevention Act of 2004 , closes a loophole that could allow individual terrorists not affiliated with specific organizations to slip through the cracks of FISA surveillance . Law enforcement officials refer to it as the "  lone wolf " provision . Legislators opposed to the extensions claim that the provisions -- particularly related to wiretapping -- are intrusive and unconstitutional . Supporters argue that they are a critical component of U.S. anti-terror operations . Paul , a favorite of the Tea Party movement , engaged in a bitter showdown Wednesday with Senate Majority Harry Reid , D-Nevada , who sought to limit the number of amendments that Paul could offer . Then on Thursday , Paul complained that it was Senate Republican leaders now holding up consideration of his amendments . In a rare public rebuke of his own party 's leadership , Paul said he was "  disappointed " by their actions and urged people to contact GOP leadership offices in protest . "  I 've been working for two long days filibustering the Patriot Act in hopes that we can have a constitutional debate over certain provisions of it and we can try to reform it to take away some of the encroachments on our freedoms , " Paul said . "  Unfortunately , what we 're finding now is that the Democrats have agreed to allow me to have amendments , but my own party is refusing to allow me to debate or present my amendments . " In particular , Paul sought to propose an amendment preventing warrantless access to some gun records . Republican leaders do n't want a vote on his amendment because they are conflicted by it , Paul said . They do n't want to vote to weaken the Patriot Act by making it more difficult for law enforcement to obtain any information -- including gun records -- related to a terrorism investigation , he said , but they also do n't want to take a vote that could be viewed negatively by gun rights groups . One Senate Republican leader , Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona , rejected Paul 's analysis but refused to explain why or even if GOP leaders were blocking Paul 's amendment . After reaching the deal to debate two of his amendments , Paul said on the Senate floor that his motivation was to protect personal liberties rather than to harm the Patriot Act or undermine security in any way . "  It 's very important that we are always vigilant , that we are eternally vigilant about the powers of government , " Paul said in arguing for tighter restrictions on the ability of federal investigators to access some gun ownership records . He went on to complain in general about what he characterized as a federal overreaction to the 9/11 attacks that reduced individual liberty in the name of security . For example , he said , airline travelers are all considered possible terrorists and screened for security reasons ; he described such a strategy as a "  shotgun " approach . "  Are we so afraid that we 're giving up all of our liberty for security ? " Paul asked , calling for tighter restrictions on what the government can investigate without a search warrant . However , fellow conservative Sen. Saxby Chambliss , R-Georgia , said Paul 's amendment to end warrantless access to gun records would hinder the government 's ability to prevent terrorist attacks within the United States . "  I do n't understand why we would take this tool away from national security investigators , " Chambliss said , adding that there have been "  no reports that the government has ever used these provisions to violate anyone 's Second Amendment rights . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett and Dana Bash contributed to this story .	Three key Patriot Act provisions were to expire at midnight Thursday President Obama directs the use of an autopen to sign the measure The House and Senate pass the measure to extend the provisions for four years The Senate vote is delayed by a dispute fueled by newcomer Rand Paul
Barney Frank was n't the first member of Congress to publicly reveal he was gay , but he was the first to do so voluntarily , he told reporters Tuesday in talking about his decision to retire . Still , Frank said , he did n't come out about his sexuality until he was 47 . "  So I was not the daring young man on the flying trapeze , but it worked out better than I thought , " he said . A prominent 16-term liberal Democrat from Massachusetts and archenemy of political conservatives nationwide , Frank announced Monday that he does not intend to seek re-election in 2012 . Now 71 , Frank said Tuesday his decision was prompted in part by changes made to the boundaries of his U.S. House district . As part of Massachusetts ' recently concluded redistricting process , Frank 's 4th Congressional District will lose the heavily Democratic blue-collar port city of New Bedford while gaining several smaller , more conservative towns to bring in more than 300,000 new constituents . "  I decided many years ago I will not be here when I 'm 75 , " Frank said , saying that meant the 2012 election would have been his last . "  Everybody has a last term , and if you 're talking about people that you 've substantially represented , then that 's not an obstacle , " he said . "  But then I would then be required to go to 325,000 people , some of whom I 've never represented , and areas I 've never been involved in , and say to them , look , here 's the deal -- why do n't you elect me and for the next two years I will be there to receive your problems and , by the way , by the end of 2014 , I 'm going to dump them . " President Barack Obama issued a statement praising Frank 's public service , calling the congressman a "  fierce advocate for the people of Massachusetts and Americans everywhere who needed a voice . " While Massachusetts ' entire House delegation is Democratic , local Republicans insist Frank 's retirement will put the reconfigured district in play . "  It is clear that Congressman Frank was not looking forward to another hard-fought campaign after losing his gerrymandered district and spending nearly every penny he had in 2010 , " Massachusetts Republican Party Executive Director Nate Little said in a written statement . "  Republicans were already gearing up for a strong race and Frank 's sudden retirement injects added optimism and excitement into the election . " Frank , first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1980 , is the top Democrat on the powerful House Financial Services Committee . The controversial 2010 Dodd-Frank measure , designed to rein in Wall Street excesses after the 2008 financial collapse , passed the House without any GOP support . Frank made headlines earlier in his career by becoming one of the first openly gay members of Congress . He was formally reprimanded by the House in 1990 for allegations of political impropriety relating to his association with a male prostitute . Frank 's current district -- which extends from the affluent , liberal Boston suburbs of Newton and Brookline to the cities of New Bedford and Fall River -- is considered safe Democratic political terrain . Frank did , however , receive an unusually strong challenge from Republican Sean Bielat in 2010 . Frank ultimately defeated Bielat , 54 % to 43 % .	"  It worked out better than I thought , " Frank says of revealing he is gay Frank will retire after his current term in Congress He says he is leaving one term earlier than he first planned Frank , a Democrat , was first elected to the House from Massachusetts in 1980
Oranjestad , Aruba  CNN  -- The piece of jawbone found on a beach in Aruba this month is human , but is not that of long-missing Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , Aruban prosecutors said Tuesday . The piece contained a wisdom tooth , and Holloway 's had been removed before her 2005 disappearance , Aruba Solicitor General Taco Stein told reporters . "  Right there and then , it was obvious it was n't Natalee , " Stein said . Investigators are now trying to determine whether the bone came from any other people reported missing , he said . The bone was found by an American tourist near the Phoenix Hotel , a resort on the western side of the island , Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken said . Stein said the news was "  another tragedy " for Holloway 's family , since it brought them no closer to learning what happened to their daughter . Holloway was 18 when she was last seen on the island . "  It 's very sad for the parents to not have closure , " Stein said in a later interview . "  They must rest assured we are working hard to solve the case . Whether that will be in the near future , I can not tell . " Holloway 's father , Dave Holloway , thanked well-wishers soon after the announcement . "  We remain hopeful that some day we will find the answer to the whereabouts of our daughter , Natalee Holloway , " he said . "  Again , we want to thank everyone for their support in our efforts to find justice . We ask that you continue to remember Natalee in your thoughts and prayers . " Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway , did not immediately comment on the case , but her attorney released a statement that said she accepts the outcome . "  Beth accepts the forensic conclusions , is emotionally exhausted from the inexplicably long wait , and deeply disappointed in the time and manner in which she learned of the results , " said attorney John Q. Kelly . Investigators tested the bone at the Netherlands Forensic Institute in The Hague , Netherlands . Their job was first to determine whether it was a human or animal bone and then -- if it proved to be human -- figure out to whom it belonged . Blanken said the bone was initially examined by a forensic expert in Aruba , who determined it was from a young woman . But Stein said the bone appeared to have been in the water "  for a very long time , " and it was not possible to determine whether it came from a male or a female . Police collected a second bone Monday that had been found this month on the beach by a New Jersey family , but that one turned out to be an animal rib bone , prosecutors said . Holloway was visiting the island with about 100 classmates to celebrate their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama , when she disappeared . She was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad nightclub with Joran van der Sloot and two other men . Van der Sloot was detained twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but never charged . He is now awaiting trial in Lima , Peru , on a murder charge in the death of Peruvian student Stephany Flores , whose body was found in a hotel room registered to van der Sloot in May . A surveillance camera captured images of the two entering the room . Van der Sloot , 23 , also faces federal wire fraud and extortion charges in the United States , where prosecutors say he demanded more than $ 250,000 from Holloway 's family in return for disclosing the location of her body . He told Peruvian investigators that he knows where her remains can be found , but would neither identify the location nor say what happened to her on the night of her disappearance , a Peruvian police official told CNN in June . Stein said van der Sloot remains a "  person of interest " to investigators , and Aruban prosecutors have asked the FBI -- which currently has the hard drive from van der Sloot 's computer -- for any information that may be relevant to Holloway 's disappearance . But Aruban authorities have no plans to interview him again any time soon , Stein said . "  He has made so many statements before that have proven untrustworthy that we will not just rush to him to see about this statement , " Stein said . CNN 's Rich Phillips and Susan Candiotti , In Session 's Jean Casarez and HLN 's Beth Carey and Rupa Mikkilineni contributed to this report .	NEW : An attorney for Holloway 's mother says she is emotionally exhausted The results are "  another tragedy " for the Holloways , prosecutor says The presence of a wisdom tooth ruled out Holloway Investigators are checking the bone against other missing-person cases
CNN  -- Hundreds of spectators waved British flags and cheered the arrival Wednesday of William and Catherine , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , at Singapore 's new Gardens by the Bay park . The couple 's visit is part of a nine-day tour through Commonwealth countries in Southeast Asia and the Pacific to celebrate Queen Elizabeth 's Diamond Jubilee . What can be expected during the tour ? The queen herself made previous state visits to Singapore in 1972 , 1989 and 2006 -- and the public housing estate that her grandson and his wife were to visit later Wednesday was named Queenstown in honor of her coronation in 1953 . The estate was Singapore 's first satellite town outside the urban center and has areas and roads -- Margaret Drive and Strathmore Green , for instance -- named after British towns , institutions and the Royal family . There , members of Singapore 's Parliament will greet the royal couple who will watch a cultural performance showcasing Singapore 's Chinese , Malay and Indian cultures . After the gardens , the royal couple visited the new Rolls-Royce factory , where they officially unveiled its first operational engine . The factory aims to produce 250 engines a year for aircraft that include the A380 and create 500 new jobs . They will finish the day with a visit to the Rainbow Center , a school and community center for children with special needs , before attending a reception hosted by the British High Commission , according to St. James 's Palace in the UK . On Tuesday , the royal couple viewed the "  Dendrobium Memoria Princess Diana , " an orchid named in honor of the duke 's late mother , and the "  Dendrobium Queen Elizabeth II " at the Singapore Botanic Gardens . In honor of their own visit , the "  Vanda William Catherine " was named after them . Read more about the orchid named after Princess Diana They were also hosted to a state dinner by the Singapore government led by President Tony Tan and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong at the president 's official residence , the Istana . There the Duke inspected the guard of honor and congratulated Singapore on its economic success and athletic achievements at the Olympic and Paralympic Games in London . William and Catherine will next visit Malaysia , the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu . CNN 's Liz Neisloss contributed to this report .	Prince William , Catherine visit Singapore as part of diamond jubilee celebrations Queen herself made state visits to Singapore in 1972 , 1989 and 2006 The royal couple unveil first operation engine of new Rolls-Royce factory They were to also visit public housing estate named in queen 's honor
Princeton pulled ahead of Harvard to claim first place in the "  best national universities " category in U.S. News & World Report 's annual ranking of nearly 1,800 schools . Williams College again claimed sole possession of the top spot in the Best National Liberal Arts Colleges category . This year 's methodology put more emphasis on student outcomes and less on where students ranked in their high school classes . Also this year , the difference between predicted and actual graduation rates was applied for the first time to Regional Universities and Regional Colleges . The magazine increased the weight given to graduation and retention rates in the National Universities and National Liberal Arts Colleges categories , meaning that outcome-related measures were the most heavily weighted factors . When cost was weighed , Williams -- at an average of $ 19,251 per year after grants based on need were factored in -- fell to No. 3 , behind Barnard  rated second at $ 12,282 per year after grants  and Amherst  rated first at $ 16,286 after grants  . Best-value regional universities were identified as Gallaudet , Carey , Creighton and Trinity . Cited as best-value regional colleges were Cooper Union , John Brown University , College of the Ozarks and California Maritime Academy . Clark Atlanta University won a dubious distinction among national universities . In all , 93 % of its graduating students were in debt -- with an average of $ 43,727 , according to U.S. News . That average does not factor in the 7 % who had no debt . In the category of least debt , Princeton once again earned roaring rights , with just 24 % of students in debt , and an average among them of $ 5,096 . "  U.S. News strives to provide students and their families with the most comprehensive data available , " Bob Morse , director of data research , said in a statement . "  Measuring outcomes is critical to understanding how well a school retains and educates its students . "	Williams again gains top ranking in liberal-arts category This year 's methodology puts more emphasis on outcomes It gives less weight to high school rankings
Washington  CNN  -- Mexican drug cartels have used cash and sexual favors as tools to corrupt U.S. border and customs agents , an inspector general investigation has found . In exchange , agents allow contraband or unauthorized immigrants through inspection lanes , protect or escort traffickers or leak sensitive information , said Charles Edwards , acting inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security . Testifying before a Senate subcommittee , Edwards cited the Zetas drug cartel as one of the leaders "  involved increasingly in systematic corruption . " He did not elaborate on how non-cash methods of corruption , like sexual favors , have been used to corrupt agents . Since October 2004 , 127 Customs and Border Protection employees have been arrested or indicted for acts of corruption , said agency Commissioner Alan Bersin , speaking at the same hearing of the Senate Subcommittee on Disaster Recovery and Intergovernmental Affairs . Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's offensive against the drug cartels , combined with a surge in the hiring of border agents in recent years , have multiplied the risks of corruption , Bersin said . Today , the Border Patrol counts more than 20,700 agents , more than double its size in 2004 . Bersin implied that the rapid hiring spree may have come at the cost of hiring less qualified agents . "  The accelerated hiring pace under which we operated between 2006 and 2008 -- and , frankly , mistakes from which we are learning -- exposed critical organizational and individual vulnerabilities within CBP , " he said . To face this challenge , the commissioner touted the passage of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 , which requires that by 2013 , all the agency 's law enforcement applicants must receive a polygraph test before being hired . It also calls for periodic reinvestigations into the background of its agents . "  I can not overemphasize that the overwhelming majority of CBP officers and agents demonstrate the highest levels of integrity every day , " Bersin said . Edwards noted that the department inspector general 's Office of Investigations has added 10 positions to address corruption complaints among Customs and Border Protection agents . He added , however , that that represented a 6 % increase in the size of his staff , compared with a 34 % increase in the size of the agency as a whole . Since 2004 , his office has seen a 38 % increase in the number of complaints against Customs and Border Protection employees , he said . The inspector general 's office initiated a record 870 investigations in fiscal year 2010 , he said . "  However , " he added , "  our investigations are complicated by the brutality the cartels use to control their organizations and coerce witnesses , and the sophistication and advanced technologies available to organizations with unlimited money . "	127 U.S. border or customs employees have been arrested since 2004 , an official says Drug cartels use many ways to bribe agents , an inspector general 's report finds The Anti-Border Corruption Act will help , an official says
Monmouth , Oregon  CNN  -- Images of destroyed homes , people sleeping in the streets and broken freeways reveal the recent tragedy of Chile . Who would think that after the horror of Port-au-Prince , restless geological plates would so quickly wreak havoc in another nation ? The Earth seems at war with itself . But , as many have observed , Chile is not Haiti . Chile 's economy is one of the fastest-growing in Latin America . This earthquake will do little to slow down that down . In Santiago , dominated by industries , corporate offices and financial institutions , most people will return to work within a week . But there is another side of Chile for which the picture can not be as optimistic : the depressed areas that have never enjoyed the nation 's economic boom . These are "  callampas , " or impoverished wards of major cities and small towns that have been bypassed by progress . Unfortunately , the earthquake has hit these areas the hardest . The question is now , how will the government address these people 's need for housing and employment ? In stark contrast to the coast , inland from the quake 's epicenter are some of the finest vineyards in the country . They were spared by the tsunami that destroyed some coastal towns , and although they sustained some damage from the quake , their grapes will soon be on our tables to join the avocados and berries that Chile shares with the Northern Hemisphere . In recent decades , the country has also become a major exporter of forest products . Tree plantations and pulp factories are situated within a hundred-mile radius of the quake 's epicenter ; mills will return to production soon . Farm-raised fish are harvested farther south , and these exports will likewise continue . And Chile 's most important export continues to be copper and other minerals . The majority of these mines are in the northern desert , out of range of the quake 's damage . When copper prices reached all-time highs earlier in the decade , Chile created a multibillion-dollar "  rainy day " fund , which it will now draw on to rebuild the country . But now the country 's greatest challenge will probably not be economic recovery ; rather , it will be social recovery . Why ? The globalization model followed by Chile 's University of Chicago-trained economists is largely responsible for the nation 's affluence . These economists began as university professors , but under Gen. Augusto Pinochet , they designed the key policies of trade , investment and employment . While this model promoted growth , it held down wages and benefits , which prevented many working-class people from benefiting from the country 's bonanza . The export-oriented economy did not create many higher-paid manufacturing jobs . Unskilled , low-paying jobs predominated . The people employed in these positions are the most affected by the quake . In Santiago , they occupy many of the older buildings in the hard-hit core of the city . On the coast near the epicenter , they live in the humble dwellings flooded or washed away by the tsunami . Under Chile 's globalization model , some inefficient coal mines in the Concepcin area closed in the 1990s when they could no longer compete with higher-grade , cheaper coal from Colombia . The same occurred with the area 's textile mills . As a result , unemployment is higher in the quake area than in the country as a whole , a situation that promises to worsen in the aftermath . Since democracy returned to Chile in 1990 , a coalition of center-left parties has governed the nation . Although it has addressed social issues and sharply reduced the nation 's poverty rate , the booming economy , "  which raises all boats , " has yet to get theirs off the beach . For many , the tsunami sank their boat . President-elect Sebastin Piera , who takes office March 11 , is the first moderate-conservative in two decades to govern Chile . Ideologically , he opposes an activist state , which addresses poverty as an issue separate from general economic prosperity . His first public statement after the quake called for public order and an end to vandalism . He also urged repairing water and energy services . Once in office , he will need to rebuild freeways , bridges and public buildings as quickly as possible . This will create many jobs . But Piera , an advocate of privatization , has spoken of no plans to modify globalization policies : a plan to lift those boats . Chilean leaders have a mixed record in rebuilding after severe quakes ; effected areas rarely recovered well . In 1906 , the country 's main port of Valparaiso suffered a devastating quake only four months after San Francisco was almost destroyed . The rebuilding was slow as the country 's economic center definitively shifted from the port inland to Santiago . When a severe quake hit in 1939 , the Popular Front government created a new business-government economic model to address the crisis . In 1960 , the largest quake in world history decimated the picturesque port of Valdivia . Buildings sank , and rural grazing land turned into lakes . The conservative government borrowed heavily abroad and tried a number of fiscal innovations to get the country on its feet . Past governments rebuilt Valparaiso and Valdivia , but the cities never regained their former leadership roles . The recent Concepcion quake hit Chile 's second-largest industrial city . As the government rebuilds it , and the city attempts to regain its prominence , Piera must carefully weigh how his privatization model will help those most affected by this tragedy . The people in depressed communities need jobs , housing and education . Chile will continue to provide economic leadership in the hemisphere , but in addressing this current tragedy , can the nation provide social leadership as well ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Rector .	John Rector says that unlike Haiti , Chile can rebuild on strong economy But existing problems of low-wage jobs , unemployment now made worse , he says Incoming president must modify globalization goals , focus on social problems , he says Rector : Chile must provide social leadership , not just economic
CNN  -- The head of the YWCA in Wheeling , West Virginia , has a message for rape victims : "  You are not alone . There are services available to help you . Do n't suffer in silence . Reach out and get help . " Wheeling 's YWCA -- 20 miles from the Ohio town of Steubenville -- has become the unexpected beneficiary of support from around the country and around the world after a highly publicized rape case . Two star high school football players were convicted Sunday of raping a drunken 16-year-old girl , identified only as Jane Doe . She has been the target of death threats this week , prompting people to come out to support her financially and in social media . Lori Jones , executive director of the Wheeling YWCA , said she has received more than 2,500 donations . "  It 's been an overwhelming amount of support from the community and worldwide , " Jones said . "  We 've not even started to add it all up yet . " Bob Fitzsimmons , the victim 's attorney , says he is not taking any money for the case . Any donations toward legal fees are instead being sent to the Wheeling YWCA 's Madden House , an emergency shelter that offers secure housing to women and children fleeing domestic violence . "  This young girl has been a hero to a lot of people that she stood up , but it also demonstrates what women have to go through to make these allegations . It 's not easy , " Fitzsimmons said . The Wheeling YWCA also is maintaining a message board where people can leave notes of support for the victim . Thousands have left encouraging words , and they are being sent to the teen . "  People seem to need to send a message , " Jones said . "  It 's important to them that she get the feeling for how much the community and the world wants to support her . " The Wheeling YWCA serves an estimated 30,000 people a year across three counties . It also is part of a larger national movement that focuses on empowering women to change their lives for the better . If you are a rape victim or know of someone who needs help , the national rape hotline is 1-800-656-HOPE  4673  and the national domestic violence hotline is 1-800-799-SAFE  7233 .  A phone call can be the first step to reach out and get help .	"  Do n't suffer in silence , " YWCA director says Donations , encouraging words pour in for Steubenville rape victim To donate to the Wheeling YWCA click here Rape victim 's attorney is not taking money for the case
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan showed little emotion as a deputy put her in handcuffs in a Beverly Hills , California , courtroom Tuesday morning to take her to jail to begin what it expected to be a two-week stay . The actress , wearing a top that exposed part of her back , was surrounded by deputies and was quickly walked to a nearby side door labeled "  secure area . " "  We love you , Lindsay , " her father , Michael Lohan , said as she disappeared . Lohan was "  cooperative " as she was booked into the Century Regional Detention Facility about an hour later , according to Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore . Superior Court Judge Marsha Revel had ordered Lohan to report to the courtroom to begin serving a sentence for a probation violation . Revel ordered that Lohan not be allowed to leave jail on a work-release or house-release program or with electronic monitoring during her sentence . The judge said , however , she has no control over how much of the 90-day sentence Lohan will end up serving . The sheriff , who runs the jail , has the power to release prisoners early because of jail overcrowding . Lohan should be released from jail after between 13 to 15 days "  unless something unusual happens , " Whitmore said . He said it was routine for inmates who qualify for good behavior credits in jail to only serve 25 percent of their sentence . Lohan must enter a substance-abuse rehabilitation program within 24 hours of leaving jail , Revel said . "  I would like the transition to be sooner rather than later , " she said . The judge placed tight restrictions on what the public would be able to see at Tuesday 's hearing . While the world watched as Lohan , 24 , broke down in tears at her sentencing July 6 , the public was not able to see the actress handcuffed and taken into custody Tuesday . Cameras stopped rolling when the judge announced that Lohan was to be taken into custody . The judge also ordered that photos of Lohan must be restricted to those that showed her at the counsel table . The actress was ordered to serve 90 days in jail for missing alcohol counseling sessions in violation of her probation . She was also sentenced to spend 90 days in the drug and alcohol rehabilitation program after her jail term is completed . Lohan 's next court date will come a week after her release from jail , although if she is in a rehab program her lawyer can appear without her , the judge said . Michael Lohan , whose estrangement from his daughter has been very public , sat two rows behind Lohan during the sentencing . His lawyer told reporters after the hearing that he was "  devastated " that she was going to jail . The actress will be "  treated just as any other " inmate in the jail , although she will have her own cell and remain apart from the general inmate population , the sheriff 's spokesman said . Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence , and in the second incident she was charged with cocaine possession . The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later , when she played identical twins in Disney 's remake of "  The Parent Trap . " CNN 's Tim Hart , Jack Hannah and In Session 's Grace Wong contributed to this report	NEW : Sheriff 's spokesman says Lohan will likely serve just 2 weeks Lohan is called "  cooperative " while being booked Lohan begins serving probation violation sentence The actress shows little emotion as she is handcuffed and led away
CNN  -- She 's been compared to the Dalai Lama , the Chinese Tibetan Buddhist leader , but the name Rebiya Kadeer does n't ring a bell to many people outside of China . Rebiya Kadeer has been dubbed "  the Mother of All Uyghurs . " Nevertheless , the world-famous man and the relatively obscure woman share similarities that chime with political relevance . A diminutive northern Virginia resident , Kadeer has emerged as the voice of the restive but relatively unknown Uyghur Muslims , a Turkic-speaking ethnic minority in China , and the group 's far-flung diaspora . And like the Dalai Lama , she 's revered by supporters and reviled by the Chinese government . "  Even though one is a man , and the other is a woman , they have one thing in common , and that is they engage in activities to split the motherland and damage national unity , " said Qin Gang , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry . Kadeer , 62 , emerged in the world media spotlight after China blamed her for stoking July 's unrest in China 's remote Xinjiang Autonomous Region , an area four times the size of California in the northwestern part of the country . Reports vary on the number of people killed , ranging from around 200 to many more . The problems began in late June , after two Uyghur migrant workers at a toy factory in Guangdong province were killed after a brawl between Uyghurs and ethnic Han Chinese -- the majority group in China . Uyghurs protested in Urumqi , the Xinjiang capital , hundreds of miles from the toy factory . Uyghurs and Han reportedly attacked each other . Nur Bekri , the Chinese government 's top official in Xinjiang , accused Kadeer and the World Uyghur Congress she leads of instigating the unrest via the Internet . "  The violence is premeditated , organized violent crime , " Bekri said . "  It was instigated and directed from abroad and carried out by outlaws in the country . " China 's constitution guarantees ethnic minorities equal rights and limited autonomy . And the Chinese government has implemented several programs designed to help ethnic minorities , but Kadeer says China still treats Uyghurs as second-class citizens -- and she blames China for most of the recent unrest . Since the violence erupted , Kadeer has worked the media with a mission , drumming up support for the Uyghur cause and shining a light on what she says are China 's "  unjust policies " toward her people . The estimated size of Uyghur population in China ranges from 8 million to 11 million people , making them a distinct minority in a country of 1.5 billion people . Uyghurs have long complained of being treated as a lesser class , but China has dismissed that charge and touted its commitment to ethnic unity . "  Let them hear our voice and raise public awareness about our situation , " Kadeer told CNN . "  That 's the main thing that I wish to do right now . " Dubbed "  the Mother of All Uyghurs , " Kadeer does n't quite fit the profile of a political firebrand . Born in modest circumstances , Kadeer fell into dire poverty amid the late Chinese communist leader Mao Zedong 's forced relocation programs . She worked her way up from laundry worker to become a millionaire businesswoman as China opened to free enterprise . She amassed an empire with department stores , real estate , lumber , scrap iron , factories and other enterprises . She was also chosen as a member of a Chinese National Congress and other posts . However , the mother of 11 children -- some of whom are in jail in China -- was n't shy about speaking out about the conditions faced by Uyghurs , such as political imprisonment . Her activism landed her in jail in 1999 , an incarceration that attracted international attention and condemnation from rights groups and Western political officials . China released her on medical grounds in 2005 amid pressure from the U.S. government . She was granted political asylum in the United States , reunited with her husband , and embarked on activist work . Along with her role as president of the World Uyghur Congress , Kadeer is the president of the board of the Uyghur American Association and the full-time director of the International Uyghur Human Rights and Democracy Foundation . Those groups receive money from U.S. taxpayers through the National Endowment for Democracy , a private , nonprofit organization created "  to strengthen democratic institutions " around the world . Hugh Pope , author of the "  Sons of the Conquerors : The Rise of the Turkic World , " describes Kadeer as a skillful and hard-working activist who has done a lot for the Uyghurs . He said she is well-situated in the Washington area , where she has easy access to media outlets , and is a "  natural focal point " for the Uyghur rights cause . "  She has a canny sense on how to get on top of the situation . As long as she can maintain the Dalai Lama-like profile , she will persist in being a spokeswoman for the Uyghurs , " Pope said . Dru Gladney , an expert on China and its ethnic groups , described Kadeer as a significant leader who is a charismatic , determined and maternal figure who can move easily among the elites and the common people . She has a message that can unite Uyghurs , and China 's criticism of her in some ways has enhanced her stature , said Gladney , president of Pacific Basin Institute at Pomona College in California . "  She seems like somebody all Uyghurs can look up to , " he said . He noted that her following is "  quite remarkable " since she is a woman and both Muslim and Chinese cultures are patriarchal . She abhors violence and favors peaceful resolution of conflicts , Gladney said . In that respect , she mirrors the non-violent sentiment espoused by the Dalai Lama , who wrote an introduction to Kadeer 's autobiography "  Dragon Fighter , " recently published in English . "  The Uyghur and the Tibetan people have a history of relationship and in modern times have shared somewhat similar experiences . I therefore hope that this book by Mrs. Kadeer will enable the readers to comprehend the experience of the Uyghur people , " the Dalai Lama wrote . Kadeer told CNN she has had "  close communication " with the Dalai Lama . She said "  our philosophy in peace is the same " and said the movements of both peoples for justice are connected . "  If the Chinese have the authority to destroy one of them , they have the authority to destroy the other , " she said . China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported Tuesday that Chinese President Hu Jintao , in a visit to Yunnan province this week , urged all people to show mutual respect and concern . He also said all ethnic minorities are important members of the Chinese family , the news agency reported in a story that did not specifically mention Uyghurs . The Communist Party of China and the government plan to emphasize more strongly developing areas inhabited by ethnic minorities and strengthen support to improve their livelihood , according to Xinhua 's paraphrasing of Hu 's remarks . In a recent Wall Street Journal essay , "  China 's Ethnic Fault Lines , " Gladney wrote that by the mid-1980s "  official minorities were beginning to receive real benefits from the implementation of several affirmative action programs . " They include "  permission to have more children  except in urban areas , minorities are generally not bound by the one-child policy  , " paying fewer taxes , getting "  greater access to public office , " and better education for children -- in Mandarin Chinese rather than native tongues . Kadeer has spent much of the last few weeks plowing through media interviews and chatting about how she juggles being the "  Mother of All Uyghurs " with being a mother to her flesh-and-blood children . "  My family is very supportive of my activity , " she said through a translator . Yet she has spent time apart from her husband , also a Uyghur activist , and children because of political ferment and imprisonment . Kadeer says this is a "  very dark time for the Uyghur people . " She condemned Chinese security forces for killing and injuring Uyghur demonstrators this month in Urumqi . Unrest also took place in the cities of Kashgar and Hotan , she said . While she focuses on what she says is the Chinese crackdown against Uyghurs in "  East Turkestan " -- the name Uyghurs use for the region -- she also condemned reported violence by "  a number of Uyghur demonstrators . " "  Uyghur demonstrators were doubtless expressing discontent over the severe and comprehensive repression they have suffered for years in East Turkestan , " she said . She cited "  arbitrary detention , torture , and execution " the repression of their religion , "  forced abortion and discrimination in several spheres , including health care and employment . " In her talks , Kadeer -- who sports braids and a traditional Uyghur dopa cap -- urges China to "  stop the cultural genocide " and "  address the legitimate grievances of the Uyghur people . " "  I do believe that even our enemy would come dine at our table , " she said , "  because what we have been doing is in a peaceful way . So I do believe that they would come to our table and resolve this . " CNN 's Jim Clancy contributed to this report .	Rebiya Kadeer emerges as leader of minority Uyghur Muslims in China Chinese government reviles Kadeer , blames her for stoking unrest Kadeer mirrors the non-violent sentiment espoused by the Dalai Lama This is a "  very dark time for the Uyghur people , " Kadeer says
CNN  -- Thirty-four vehicles , including four semi-trailer trucks , were involved in a chain-reaction pile-up Monday morning in Colorado that temporarily shut down a major highway and sent 12 people to area hospitals , state police said . The massive accident occurred on Interstate 25 northbound in Larkspur , about 40 miles south of Denver and 30 miles north of Colorado Springs , Colorado , State Patrol Trooper Nate Reid told CNN . None of the injuries appeared to be life-threatening , according to Reid . He added that road conditions were icy and wet at the time of the accident . Motorist Brad Simpson told CNN affiliate KOAA , "  It was just really bad snow , it was something where a lot of people were driving way too fast for the conditions . " Authorities used school buses to move people who were not injured but were stuck on the highway . They were taken to a shelter at the New Covenant Church in Larkspur , authorities told CNN affiliate KUSA . The accident prompted police to close the highway northbound . Several CNN affiliates , including KMGH and KWGN , reported that one lane reopened around noon and traffic was moving through all lanes by 12:45 p.m. -- about four hours after the accident happened . CNN 's Frances Causey contributed to this report .	34 vehicles , including 4 semi-trailer trucks , were in a huge pile-up Monday morning The accident was on Interstate 25 between Denver and Colorado Springs 12 people were sent to hospitals , but police say none of the injuries are life-threatening It was snowing at the time of the accident
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden made some waves last week when he announced that he was still thinking about running for the presidency in 2016 . Appearing on "  The View , " Biden said , "  My knowledge of foreign policy , my engagement of world leaders , my experience uniquely positions me to follow through on the agenda Barack and I have of bringing world peace that is real and substantive . " Most experts are predicting that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will be the "  inevitable nominee " for the Democratic Party in 2016 -- with over 80 % of Democrats saying they want Clinton to run , and only 42 % saying the same about Biden , according to a New York Times/CBS News poll . But the vice president is refusing to give up this dream and still considering the possibility that he will try to succeed President Obama . Although Biden 's shortcomings are well known , such as his proclivity toward gaffes -- in 2007 , he said of his then-opponent Barack Obama , "  I mean , you got the first mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice-looking guy , " and on another occasion he said that "  jobs " was a three-letter word -- he also brings many assets to the table , including his knowledge of foreign policy and popularity among working - and middle-class Democrats who appreciate his defense of government programs that benefit them . Biden has also been willing to take a much stronger tack against the GOP than Obama has . "  This is not your father 's Republican Party , " he said to one group of Democrats . Many also consider him the most genuinely human of the potential candidates . But even if Hillary Clinton does n't run , Biden would face long odds to succeed . The record of vice presidents who won election to succeed their predecessors has been meager . After John Adams , Thomas Jefferson , and Martin Van Buren , the only other vice president to win the election after his president stepped down , was Republican George H.W. Bush in 1988  or in the case of Jefferson , to defeat the president under whom he served  . The others who have taken on this challenge since World War II -- Richard Nixon in 1960 , Hubert Humphrey in 1968 , and Al Gore in 2000  though some say that he did indeed win the election  -- have not fared well . While 14 former vice presidents have become president , nine of those took office as a result of the death of their predecessor and then went on to win the election  such as Lyndon Johnson  . Richard Nixon was elected president in 1968 , but that was seven years after leaving the vice presidency in 1961 and after carefully rebuilding his image as a party statesman . Why is it so hard for vice presidents ? The biggest liability is that they are running at a time when their predecessor has usually become most controversial . Hubert Humphrey , once the darling of the Democratic base , was bogged down by Lyndon Johnson 's record in Vietnam when he ran in 1968 . Even when departing presidents have strong approval ratings , their decisions in the White House have created many issues and earned many enemies . The luster of the early years that an administration enjoys in the White House has worn out . Supporters of the opposition party usually hate everything associated with the incumbent , while there are often huge tensions within the president 's party as well . "  I have a f**king target on my back , " Politico reported Biden told a confidant in 2012 , referring to Democrats who were upset with him about the 2012 budget deal . It is relatively easy for an opponent -- like John F. Kennedy in 1960 when he beat Vice President Richard Nixon -- to present himself as the fresh voice in politics , in contrast to a tired and potentially worn-out face . Vice presidents are rarely comfortable as candidates running on their own and relating to their predecessor . On the one hand , they want to derive the benefits from everything that Americans like about the president . Yet , as was the case with Gore , they want to be their own person and separate themselves from the baggage that comes with the existing White House . The result is that vice presidents running for the presidency flip back and forth on how much they want to attach themselves to the president , never achieving a level of comfort that their opponents can claim . In the post-Watergate era , railing against Washington is always in fashion , and vice presidents are often the victim . Other than a president himself , nothing symbolizes the establishment more than the person who is second in command . A vice president who runs for office offers a perfect foil to members of his or her own party , as well as to the opposition party , to paint the race as a contest between Washington and those who want to change Washington . This is true even if the opponent is also a member of the political class . Nothing would be more helpful to Hillary Clinton than having Biden run in the primaries , because it would allow her to distance herself from the capital -- even though she served in Washington as first lady for eight years , senator for eight years and secretary of state for four . Finally , the vice president simply does not get the same credit for achievements that presidents enjoy . Even in an age when vice presidents have become much more powerful and enjoy a substantial amount of autonomy during their time in the White House , the public does n't really see them as central figures in the political debate . They often work behind the scenes , pushing policy in one direction or another outside the public eye . Other than Biden 's famous statement on gay rights , where he got ahead of the president in announcing his support for same-sex marriage , most Americans are unaware of what he is doing , including work on economic policy and the war in Afghanistan . The only modern exception to this pattern was George H.W. Bush , who was able to score a healthy victory in 1988 . He did not face a strong primary challenger -- Sen. Robert Dole did not have great public appeal , and the preacher Pat Robertson veered so far to the right on cultural issues he set up Bush perfectly as the candidate of the center . Democrat Michael Dukakis ' candidacy imploded in the fall with a weak campaign , while the dramatic changes that would ultimately lead to the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the ending of the Cold War created a bias toward stability and continuity in foreign policy . Perhaps most importantly , Bush conducted a slash-and-burn campaign under the direction of Lee Atwater that helped win him the election . So while Biden has a considerable amount of experience and what many might consider an impressive record , the odds of his winning in 2016 are slim . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Vice President Joe Biden said he 's thinking of running for the presidency in 2016 Many Democrats say they want Hillary Clinton to be their party 's nominee Julian Zelizer says vice presidents rarely win elections to succeed their presidents Zelizer : Vice presidents carry a lot of baggage , inheriting opposition and enemies
San Francisco  CNN  -- A driver of a white Prius with a giant , red plastic flag affixed to its side is rolling through the hilly streets of San Francisco , undelivering mail from mailboxes . The driver is not a thief . He and the car are part of a startup called Outbox that is attempting to pick up where the embattled United States Postal Service leaves off -- by digitizing physical mail . The driver , dubbed an "  unpostman , " visits Outbox subscribers ' homes three times a week , flipping through a thick ring of keys to open the wide variety of entryways and mailboxes . He collects the letters , bills , magazines and advertisements that were deposited there by official postal workers and delivers them to a warehouse . There they are opened and photographed , and the resulting digital files are sent electronically to the recipient through the Outbox website or iPad or iPhone apps . The idea is that for $ 4.99 a month , someone can make their pesky physical mail disappear  assuming they can resist the urge to peek in their mailbox between pickups  . Using a mobile device or computer , Outbox customers can organize mail in files or forward them as e-mails , ask to be unsubscribed from junk mail , have unwanted items destroyed or request that important mail , such as a wedding invite or a postcard , be re-delivered to their home . The company already has more than 600 customers in Austin , Texas , and starting Tuesday it 's rolling out in its second city , San Francisco . Creating a shadow , reverse postal service may not be the most efficient way to improve the struggling mail system , but Outbox is unable to intercept clients ' mail any sooner in the process . The company has met resistance from the United States Postal Service , which has refused to collaborate with Outbox or let its workers pick up mail directly from local post offices . "  From a startup perspective , we can wait on no one , " said Outbox co-founder Will Davis . Outbox 's legal ` gray zone ' Even though Outbox is forging ahead without the blessing of the USPS , Davis said he has a lot of respect for the federal agency and would welcome any attempts to work together . It 's a sentiment that does not yet seem to be mutual . "  The Postal Service is focused on providing an essential service in our mission to serve the American public and does not view Outbox as supporting that mission , " the USPS said in a statement . "  We do have concerns regarding the destruction of mail -- even if authorized by the receiver -- and will continue to monitor market activities to ensure protection of our brand and the value and security of the mail . " Circumventing the Postal Service has been a way to get Outbox up and running . But tampering with mail is a federal offense , and there may be questions about the legality of a third party removing mail from a mailbox , even with permission . Davis argues that once a piece of mail has been delivered , it becomes just another unregulated piece of paper . An Outbox employee taking mail with permission would be no different from having a neighbor pick it up while you 're out of town , he said . "  Innovation happens in the gray zone of deregulation , " said Davis . "  We 're operating in that gray zone . " The U.S. Postal Inspection Service declined to comment on whether the practice is breaking any laws . Security and privacy also will be a concern for any company handling mail filled with sensitive financial and personal information . Outbox says its employees undergo more thorough background checks than Postal employees . It uses 512-bit encryption and device recognition to prevent digitized mail from falling into the hands of someone other than the intended recipient . Any unwanted physical mail is shredded and recycled . Can the Postal Service catch up ? The Postal Service has been slow to innovate and adapt to new technology on its own , in part because of constraints such as the 2006 legislation that prohibits it from entering into new businesses . The USPS also faces serious financial issues . In 2012 , the agency had $ 15.9 billion in losses and in early February it announced plans to cease Saturday mail delivery this summer in an attempt to save $ 2 billion . The Postal Service has also been watching technology steadily eat away at its core business for years . The volume of mail handled by the USPS dropped from 202.8 billion pieces a year in 2002 to159 .9 billion in 2012 . First class and standard mail are decreasing as bill payments , statements and marketers migrate online . One bright spot has been an increase in shipping and packages , the result of the growing popularity of e-commerce . "  They face a lot of challenges that are not of their own making , " said John Payne , chief executive of Zumbox , a digital mailbox company that deals directly with large companies . He agrees that the Postal Service needs to innovate to stay relevant and thinks they 're starting to try harder to partner with innovative companies . Outbox is n't waiting on the Postal Service 's call . New , nimble and relatively tiny , the startup can begin experimenting with new ways of handling mail that would take time , and possibly congressional action , for the Postal Service to do . "  We 've done what they ca n't do without trouble , Davis said . "  We 're able to play by different rules . " Making money off mail Just because the USPS is n't making snail mail a profitable business does n't mean it ca n't be done . In addition to charging $ 4.99 a month , Outbox has plans to eventually deliver ads through its apps . They would n't be banner ads , but rather would appear just like another item of scanned mail . The company would be in a unique position to know what catalogs , fliers and brands a customer likes or marks as junk , and could charge companies that wanted to reach specific demographics . The companies currently filling up mailboxes with fliers have already been experimenting with online alternatives . If Outbox attracts enough customers and its ads are effective , it could become an alternative to sending ads through the U.S. Mail . "  As time changes the marketers evolve , " said Jerry Cerasale , a vice president at the Direct Marketing Association . "  The more precise they can be means less waste , less money spent on advertising , and more response . " Outbox 's Davis also believes that once his company has saturated an area , it will be in a great position to handle same-day deliveries for e-commerce companies like Amazon . Eventually Outbox will also try tiered pricing for work addresses , and extra features such as forwarding individual pieces of mail to other addresses , he said For now it 's focused on polishing its service and logistics . The company has big-name backers like venture capitalist Peter Thiel and is planning on closing a "  sizable " second round of funding in April . After San Francisco is fully staffed with unpostmen , Outbox plans to bring its service to New York , Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles and Washington . Davis is n't worrying yet about competitors . "  No one is crazy enough to do what we 're doing , " he said .	Outbox picks up mail the post office drops off at homes , scans it and e-mails it to recipient Austin-based startup is rolling out in its second city , San Francisco , this week The service costs $ 4.99 a month and will still deliver selected physical mail The struggling U.S. Postal Service is not working with Outbox
Wild cheers and applause greeted Dr. Craig Spencer as he spoke publicly for the first time after being cured of Ebola . Wearing a blue sweater and smiling during the press conference at New York 's Bellevue Hospital , the American physician seemed the picture of health , less than a month since he was diagnosed with the deadly viral hemorrhagic fever . With Spencer free of the virus , all U.S. patients who had Ebola have recovered . He said he was "  very proud " to have treated patients in Guinea with Doctors Without Borders , and urged that the focus return squarely to the West African nations where the disease has infected and killed thousands . "  I cried as I held children " who had Ebola who were not strong enough to battle the virus , Spencer said . He witnessed families torn apart and entire communities destroyed and felt "  immense joy " when family members who survived returned his kindness by inviting him into their homes . Spencer said that while he was in the hospital battling the virus , his friends called him from Guinea and asked how they could help him . "  They are the true heroes that we are not talking about , " he said . He also said that early detection and reporting of symptoms worked in his situation and that should illustrate the importance of sticking to protocols that health professionals worldwide are urging to bring Ebola under control . There have been 13,268 reported Ebola cases in eight affected countries since the outbreak began , with 4,960 reported deaths , according to the World Health Organization . The vast majority of these cases have been in three West African countries -- Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . About 50 % of patients in Africa who have contracted Ebola have died . Eight of the nine Ebola patients who have been treated in the United States have survived . That 's primarily because , U.S. officials say , there are far greater resources and coordination in the United States than in West Africa , both in government response to containing the virus and in medical tools needed to treat it . Hug from the mayor New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio welcomed Spencer back to his "  normal life . " Spencer stood beside the mayor . De Blasio urged him to give the mayor 's wife a hug . Then , de Blasio and Spencer embraced . It 's a "  good feeling to hug a hero , " de Blasio said . Spencer had been in isolation at Bellevue since his diagnosis last month . At the time , the 33-year-old had just returned home from Guinea . He came down with symptoms shortly after arriving in New York on October 17 . He was diagnosed on October 23 -- the same day that Doctors Without Borders reported that he had a fever . Ebola patients must be symptomatic to be contagious . Reports that he went jogging and bowling , ate out and took the subway fanned fears that the virus could spread in the city . But authorities said that the risk of that happening was low . New York authorities said there were strict protocols in place to handle an Ebola patient and to track those with whom he or she came into contact . Dr. Laura Evans was part of Spencer 's treatment team at Bellevue . She said that when she was first called to help , she assumed that she was responding to one of the many Ebola drills that the medical staff had been practicing . She was shocked when she found out it was real -- that New York had its first Ebola patient . She said it was an honor to get to know Spencer . He has courage and dedication , and she was inspired by him , she said . Shortly after the press conference , Spencer went back to his apartment in New York . Ebola in Guinea The virus made its first appearance in Guinea last December , according to the World Health Organization . Ebola first infected a toddler named Emile Ouamouno . The 2-year-old is considered "  patient zero " for the outbreak , researchers at The New England Journal of Medicine say . It 's not clear how the boy , who lived in a rainforest village in southern Guinea , became infected . Investigators at the WHO said this month that there 's reason to hope for Guinea because respected community leaders have gotten leaders in 26 villages to help them get the word out about how the virus is spread and how to prevent becoming infected . The help of those villages has resulted in a surge of reported cases that were previously concealed , the WHO said . For some time , many in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone believed Ebola was a lie the government made up , among other falsehoods . Learn more fast facts about Ebola Why U.S. Ebola patients seem to be recovering faster Complete coverage on Ebola	Spencer urged that focus return to "  real heroes " treating Ebola in West Africa Spencer was diagnosed with Ebola last month after returning from Guinea He was the first person to test positive for the virus in New York City
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- An Australian author was sentenced Monday to three years in prison in Thailand after falling foul of a Thai law that makes it a crime to insult the country 's royal family . Harry Nicolaides behind the bars of a Thai holding cell on Monday . Harry Nicolaides was arrested last August over a 2005 book called "  Verisimilitude , " which includes a paragraph about the king and crown prince that the authorities deemed a violation of the Lese Majeste law . Nicolaides , 41 , was bombarded with questions from foreign journalists as he arrived at the court Monday , wearing shackles as he stepped from a prison bus . In tears , he said he would plead guilty . "  Truth is stranger than fiction , " he said . "  It 's been an ordeal for months . It feels like a bad dream . " Watch shackled Nicolaides at court " The Thai Criminal Court originally sentenced Nicolaides to six years in jail but cut the punishment in half because of the guilty plea . He listened calmly as the verdict was translated to him . After hearing his verdict Nicolaides said : "  I wish my family the best . " Watch Nicolaides ' brother 's reaction " One of his lawyers said no decision had been made about whether to appeal or seek a royal pardon . King Bhumibol Adulydej has pardoned foreigners in other similar cases in the past . CNN has chosen not to repeat the allegations made by Nicolaides because it could result in CNN staff being prosecuted in Thailand . Nicolaides had been living in Thailand since 2003 , lecturing at two universities about tourism . He was about to leave Thailand when he was arrested on August 31 last year . It is not clear why the authorities waited three years after the publication of his book to bring charges against him . "  I think there are individuals who have exploited an obscure law for their own self-interest , " he said . Only 50 copies of the book were published , and only seven were sold . The law Nicolaides was convicted of breaking is section 112 , known as the Lese Majeste law . It says : "  Whoever defames , insults or threatens the King , the Queen , the Heir-apparent or the Regent , shall be punished with imprisonment of three to fifteen years . " Thailand 's king is highly revered in this Buddhist nation , but even he has said in the past that he can be criticized . Thailand 's new prime minister , Abhisit Vejjajiva , also told CNN he is concerned about the misuse of the Lese Majeste law . "  There are cases in the past where this law has been abused for political purposes , and I agree this has to stop , " he said . Despite the rhetoric there 's little sign the prime minister will change the law . Other cases are pending against both foreigners and Thais . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn in Bangkok contributed to this report	Australian author jailed for insulting Thai king in a book Harry Nicolaides jailed for three years ; cut from six for his guilty plea He was arrested last year , three years after the book was first published Defense lawyers deciding whether to appeal or ask for a royal pardon
London , England  CNN  -- Nearly two decades after the killing of toddler James Bulger by two 10-year-old boys in a suburb of Liverpool , what remains one of Britain 's most notorious child murders this week proved once again it has the power to shock and outrage . Seen at the time as symbolic of a flawed society , the killing of Bulger -- whose poignant last moments being led to his death were caught by security camera -- continues to be dissected by a country still struggling to comprehend the crime . This came to a head nine years ago when British authorities provoked anger by releasing the killers , Robert Thompson and Jon Venables , just eight years into the life sentences they received for attacking and torturing Bulger and dumping his battered body on a railway track . And the fury resurfaced this week with confirmation that one of the two boys , Jon Venables , now a 27-year-old man , was placed back in police custody after breaching the conditions of his release . The pair were jailed for an indefinite period in 1993 , but were released after Britain 's National Parole Board ruled that they were no longer a threat to the public . The British government has so far declined to reveal why Venables had been recalled into custody . Legal commentator Alan Caplin told CNN police would not have acted lightly given the amount of money the authorities have spent on giving the boys new homes and identities . "  I think one can surmise reasonably that ... it must be quite serious if there 's some intervention in that reset life , " he said . The conditions imposed on the boys on their release banned them from contacting each other , Bulger 's family or from returning to the region of Merseyside , in northwest England , where the crime was committed . British Home Secretary Alan Johnson told Sky News the reason for the recall would be revealed in time . "  I believe the public do have a right to know and I believe they will know all the facts in due course , " he said . However , British Justice Secretary Jack Straw was quoted in the Times Wednesday as saying it was in the public interest to withhold the details . "  I have no interest in gratuitously or unnecessarily withholding information , but there are good reasons to withhold it at the moment and that is in the public interest , " he said . Venables and Thompson were school boys when they abducted and killed two-year-old Bulger in a crime described by the trial judge as "  unparalleled evil and barbarity . " In 1993 , grainy CCTV images showed the boys leading the toddler away from his mother at a busy shopping center in Liverpool , England . Public anger grew as details emerged of the chilling attack in which the boys tried to drown Bulger before beating him with rocks , bricks and iron rod . His battered body was left on a railway line to be cut in half by an oncoming train . In November 1993 , after being tried in an adult court , the boys were found guilty of murder and ordered to serve at least eight years of an indefinite prison sentence . The following year , their minimum sentences were increased to 15 years by then-UK Home Secretary Michael Howard who had received a petition signed by more than 275,000 people in support of life sentences . However in 1997 , the House of Lords , the upper chamber of parliament , overturned the increase and the boys were freed in 2001 on the condition that they could be recalled to custody at any time during their lives if there was "  any evidence that they present a risk to the public . " The boys were given new identities and passports and since 2001 have been protected by an injunction banning publication of their images taken after 1993 , and anything that could reveal their current names and locations . Both the boys received death threats and it was feared they would be targeted if their whereabouts were divulged . The first reaction from James Bulger 's mother , Denise Fergus , to Venables ' detention was posted in a Twitter message that read : "  would like to let everyone know jon venables is were he belongs tonight behind bars is this my sons justice . " The British parole board will now determine whether Venables should remain in custody or return to the life he has been given since his release from jail .	Jon Venables back in police custody after breaching conditions of his release Venables and Robert Thompson were just ten years old when they murdered James Bulger Two-year-old was tortured before his body was dumped on a railway track Killers ' release in 2001 after just eight years provoked public outrage
Wimbledon , England  CNN  -- Roger Federer and Eugenie Bouchard , one experienced and the other almost a rookie , started as clear crowd favorites in the men 's and women 's finals at Wimbledon this weekend . They went 0-for-2 -- but in contrasting fashion . After Bouchard was crushed by Petra Kvitova on Saturday , Federer was only just denied a record eighth title at the All England Club by Novak Djokovic in a classic Sunday that saw the duo combine for 143 winners and a smallish 56 unforced errors . The Serb prevailed 6-7 6-4 7-6 5-7 6-4 , disappointing most on Centre Court who backed Federer on every shot -- especially when he fell behind 2-1 in sets . The higher-profile guests in tennis ' grandest arena included David Beckham and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . The partisans almost got their way too since Federer had the advantage in the fifth after he rallied from 5-2 down in the fourth , saving a match point with an ace originally called long . He was thus on the verge of becoming the first man since 1948 to win a Wimbledon final after fending off a match point . "  I kept believing and trying to play offensive tennis , " Federer , watched by his young twin daughters , told reporters . "  I 'm happy it paid off in some instances . "  As you can imagine , I 'm very disappointed not being rewarded with victory . " Had Djokovic lost -- and do n't forget he entered the record books for the wrong reason last year when he was on the other side of the net as Andy Murray ended a 77-year British drought -- it would have gone down as one of the biggest chokes in grand slam history . Ultimately , Djokovic also prevented Federer -- a month away from his 33rd birthday -- from becoming the oldest men 's Wimbledon champion in the Open Era and claiming a record-extending 18th major . "  I could have easily lost my concentration in the fifth and handed him the win , but I did n't and that 's why the win has special importance to me , " Djokovic told reporters . It might have been the Swiss ' last realistic opportunity to capture a grand slam , though he has been brushed aside before only to rebound . As for Djokovic , with the boost of confidence he 's sure to receive by bagging a seventh grand slam crown , he 'll be hard to stop at the US Open and beyond . Perhaps he can replicate his 2011 form , when he won Wimbledon , the US Open and Australian Open . "  When Novak was No. 1 in 2011 , there was no No. 2 or No. 3 , " Mats Wilander , one of those tied with Djokovic on seven majors , told CNN . "  I think Djokovic has the game to not only be No. 1 in the world but remove the challengers that are behind him . "  He has a chance to do that again , especially as the next six , eight , nine months are on his favorite  hard-court  surface . I think he can just run away with things now for the next nine months until we get back to the clay-court season . " Djokovic badly needed this title , as he acknowledged , given he had lost his last five grand slam finals outside Australia . As a bonus , he replaces Nadal as the world No. 1 . The pressure on his coach , Boris Becker , will dip now , if only slightly . Judging by his shoddy semifinal performance against Grigor Dimitrov , not many would have picked Djokovic to win a second Wimbledon title . He led by a set then allowed the Bulgarian to find his way into the encounter . It turned into a four-set struggle . Slips on Friday rendered Djokovic frustrated and he took two bad falls Sunday , one necessitating a medical timeout in the fifth . When Federer broke back early in the fourth set , Djokovic was dragged into another dogfight . Instead of winning in five sets , Djokovic could have won in three in the pair 's 35th meeting and first in a grand slam final since the 2007 US Open . "  I felt like all the sets were very close for me to take , " said Djokovic . Consistently in Federer 's service games in the first , Djokovic nonetheless fell behind 3-0 in the tiebreak . He surged , holding a set point on his own serve , but was pegged back to 6-6 with a Federer forehand down the line . Federer saved another set point with an ace , winning the last three points of the tiebreak . All the energy -- mentally perhaps more than anything else -- took a toll on Federer and the first break of the match handed Djokovic a 2-1 lead in the second . It was an advantage he would never relinquish and by the end of the third set , he had n't been broken . Prior to Djokovic 's meltdown in the fourth , it seemed like the third-set tiebreak would prove pivotal . Federer 's forehand went awry and with three misses , Djokovic took that tiebreak 7-4 . Federer 's partnership with Stefan Edberg -- one of the best volleyers in tennis history and Becker 's rival during their playing days -- has seen him charging forward more . He enjoyed success at the net in the first set , winning 71 % of net points , but the number dwindled to 60 % in the second and 50 % in the third . The figure rose in the fourth , diminishing in the fifth . The stage was set for Djokovic in the fourth . Hitting with more zip from the baseline and with Federer losing sting on his serve , he broke for 3-1 . When Federer broke back for 2-3 it was temporary respite since Djokovic upped his game to move to the verge of the Championship at 5-2 . But he faltered trying to serve it out at 5-3 , beginning with a forehand error with Federer stranded . The drama was nothing compared to the 10th game . Down the match point , Federer struck a serve down the middle called long . Federer -- a traditionalist not in favor of Hawk-Eye when it was introduced -- challenged and to his utter relief , was correct . He held for 5-5 . A predictably out-of-sorts Djokovic immediately dropped serve and Federer sealed the fourth . "  It 's really only until the fourth set when I was down a break that I started to understand more how to return him , which was a surprise for me because I 've played him that many times , " Federer said . The Great Escape was on . A toilet break ensued for Djokovic , aiding no doubt to clear his head . He saved the first break point of the fifth at 3-3 with a fine inside-out forehand but was trumped in the next game as Federer saved three -- one thanks to an outstanding low volley . They ticked on until the 10th game , when Federer buckled . Serving second in the set and now not able to generate free points on his serve , Djokovic pounced . Federer netted a backhand to Djokovic 's joy on a second match point and Djokovic celebrated minutes later by eating the grass a la 2011 . He dedicated the win to his late , first coach , Jelena Gencic . "  This has been the best quality grand slam final I 've ever been part of , " said Djokovic . For Federer , it was his second loss in a Wimbledon final in nine tries . "  I 'm very happy to see that with feeling normal I can produce a performance like I did the last two weeks , " said Federer , troubled by a bad back in 2013 . "  That clearly makes me believe that this was just a steppingstone to many more great things in the future . " To that end , the fans hope to see him in a 10th final next year -- and emerge as the winner .	Novak Djokovic wins Wimbledon title for second time Beats seven-time champion Roger Federer in five sets Federer took the opening set before his Serbian opponent rallied Federer was bidding for 18th grand slam title
CNN  -- It was one of the worst passenger ship disasters since the sinking of the Titanic a century ago . On January 13 , the Costa Concordia was sailing a few hundred meters off the rocky Tuscan coastline of the island of Giglio . The ship , nearly the length of three football fields , rammed into a bed of rocks around 9:45 p.m. Within minutes , the massive vessel began to tilt , as water rushed into the engine rooms through a gash some 50 meters long . The crippled ship , without power or propulsion , drifted onward a few miles before turning toward the small harbor on the island and coming to rest on rocks nearby . Thirty-two people from eight countries -- both crew and passengers -- died . Many more barely escaped in the hours after the Concordia came to rest on its side , tilting ever closer to the sea . Countless survivors told CNN the same story -- they had received little or no safety training after boarding the ship , whether in Barcelona several days earlier or at a port near Rome just hours before the disaster . International guidelines at the time recommended a safety drill within 24 hours of embarkation , but the disaster came well before that period had elapsed for the 600 who stepped on board in Rome . Multiple passengers who spoke to CNN and other media said they did n't know where to gather during the emergency . The common refrain : It was chaos , every passenger for him or herself . Some said that when they asked crew members for help , they got blank stares . Covering a cruise ship disaster Nearly six months later , lessons learned that night have brought changes to safety and evacuation procedures in the cruise industry . Carnival , the parent line of Costa , and several other cruise lines now require safety instruction , referred to as muster drills , before leaving port . The new muster policy consists of 12 specific emergency instructions , which include providing information on when and how to don a life jacket , where to muster and what to expect if there is an evacuation of the ship . Last year , nearly 16 million cruise bookings were made worldwide . About three-quarters of them were from the United States , according to the industry group Cruise Lines International Association , which represents 26 cruise lines , including the world 's largest , Carnival and Royal Caribbean . But the Concordia disaster cast a shadow on a rapidly expanding industry that maintains it is one of the safest modes of transportation . It has also focused attention on how some international cruise companies operate , registering their ships in countries where there may be weak regulations or where international rules are poorly enforced , but at the same time headquartering their companies in the United States and Europe . At a U.S. Senate hearing in the aftermath of the Concordia disaster , there was tough questioning about the practice . Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia , one of the strongest voices at the congressional hearing , spoke to CNN about the cruise lines . "  They just know how to work the system and they work it very well and always to their advantage , " he said . Rockefeller and other critics of the industry say that cruise lines that are headquartered in the United States but have their ships registered elsewhere are getting a free ride on the backs of U.S. taxpayers , placing demands on federal agencies such as Immigration , Customs and the Coast Guard , which are charged with oversight when those ships enter and leave U.S. ports . "  They do n't reimburse the Coast Guard , they do n't pay taxes that will help with these 20 federal agencies that are watching over them in various ways and whose services they use , or might use , " Rockefeller told CNN . In the five years before 2010 , Carnival , the company that owns Costa , paid 1.1 % tax on $ 11.3 billion in profits . Leading U.S.-based companies like Carnival often register their ships in foreign countries under what the industry calls "  flags of convenience . " For example , Carnival registers the majority of its ships in Panama and is incorporated there . Its headquarters is in the United States . Despite repeated requests , Carnival did not grant CNN an interview . However , Bud Darr , a spokesman for the Cruise Lines International Association , the industry group that represents Carnival and other major cruise lines , told CNN , "  There 's a variety of components that go into that decision -LSB- about where to register a ship -RSB- and it 's individualized to a ship 's owner . It 's individualized across maritime sectors . " Budd added , "  Are there some fees and taxation considerations that go into that ? Certainly . " The International Transport Workers Federation , which represents mariners around the world , is highly critical of "  foreign flagging , " saying on its website , "  Cheap registration fees , low or no taxes and freedom to employ cheap labor are the motivating factors behind a ship owner 's decision to ` flag out . ' " However , the Cruise Lines International Association maintains its members pay plenty of port and other fees in the United States . "  We pay a wide array of fees , duties and we pay all of the taxes we are required to pay , " Darr told CNN . Rockefeller said that while more regulation of the industry is needed , achieving that will be difficult because of the industry 's lobbying in Washington . According to Darr , the Cruise Lines International Association spent nearly $ 10 million on lobbying between 2004 and 2011 . The International Maritime Organization , which is tasked with the international supervision of passenger ships , has also been under fire in the wake of the disaster . Under the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea , known as SOLAS , there are many mandated standards for ship operators , but critics -- including U.S. lawmakers -- point to the fact that there are also many codes , guidelines and recommendations that are voluntary . Additionally , there are no unified standards for reporting incidents at sea . The International Maritime Organization does keep records of incidents reported voluntarily by ship operators , but does not maintain a public database of that information . The International Maritime Organization has promised to address the issues raised by critics once the Italian authorities ' accident report is published . So far , its Maritime Safety Committee , which met five months after the sinking of the Costa Concordia , has issued only voluntary guidance . That new guidance includes the introduction of onboard stability computers , new free-fall lifeboats and the establishment of appropriate minimum levels for staffing qualified mariners on board each passenger ship . Bloggers and industry observers , meanwhile , have tried to fill any gaps left by the International Maritime Organization by archiving incidents , relying on information from media reports and passengers . Ross Klein , a Newfoundland professor , has written four books on the cruise industry and maintains a database online . At the congressional hearings in March , he told the Senate committee there were more than a dozen incidents of passenger ships sinking and 99 ships running aground between 1973 and 2011 . Klein also testified that 79 ships experienced fires between 1990 and 2011 . Even so , given the rapid expansion of the industry , the number of fatalities has been low . And cruising remains popular . The industry is now worth $ 25 billion a year . Most of its customers are Americans , with 13 million U.S. bookings in 2011 . The industry also is tapping into new markets , especially in Asia . In the spring , a few months after the Concordia disaster , Costa released a statement that said bookings were robust . Meanwhile , the Cruise Lines International Association maintains the industry is committed to ensuring the safety of passengers . But industry insiders and regulators say another serious accident could do irreparable damage to the cruise lines ' reputation -- and reinforce existing calls for more rigorous international regulation .	Lessons learned in Concordia disaster have brought changes to cruise industry safety Disaster cast shadow on industry that maintains it is one of the safest modes of transport Sen. Rockefeller says cruise lines getting free ride on backs of U.S. taxpayers Industry group says members pay required taxes and plenty of port and other fees
CNN  -- The 2012 Summer Olympics are in the home stretch this week , but for the network airing them the games have just begun . As NBC celebrates ratings success with the Summer Games -- and weathers the shouts of #NBCfail from the critical -- it 's also staring down the onset of fall TV season , that post-Labor Day flood of returning prime-time staples and new programming . In an attempt to rise above the swell and pick up as many viewers as possible , NBC 's getting a jump-start on the competition and offering advance screenings of two new comedies following its Olympic coverage as well as two-week "  sampling " windows on a variety of platforms for all its fall pilots ahead of their premieres . "  We are so committed to looking at this as a sampling opportunity that we 're running it without commercials , " said Vernon Sanders , NBC 's executive vice president of current programming . "  We 're not focused on ratings ; we 're focused on getting eyeballs . " The idea -- to secure viewership before a show premieres -- is n't a new strategy , and NBC 's not the only network employing it . Fox , for example , has used pre-premiere sampling in the past to promote "  Glee " and "  New Girl , " and the network 's doing the same again at the end of this month by offering a two-week window to watch pilots for "  The Mindy Project " and "  Ben and Kate " online ahead of their September premieres . But at the moment , Fox does n't have the viewership that NBC has -- on Monday night , 26.6 million were tuned in to NBC during prime time -- nor does it have a reputation of poorly received fall seasons past to shake off . NBC 's chairman of entertainment , Robert Greenblatt , reportedly told press at the recent Television Critics Association tour the brand 's in a period of transition after being in last place since the ' 03 - '04 season , and is trying to stretch toward content with broader appeal . To that end , no one 's batting an eyelash that NBC is trying to capitalize on this sizable audience , but whether the efforts will pay off is up for debate . One potential kink is a question of timing , and whether TV-deluged audiences , more accustomed to on-demand versus appointment viewing , will remember to tune in a month . The answer to that , of course , will be compounded by the other question at hand , that of quality . It 's no secret that in its post - "  Friends " and "  ER " years , NBC acquired a rep for dismal programming , and was unable to find anything that stuck , said Susan Young , a TV critic and former president of the Television Critics Association . "  After a while , it 's difficult to get momentum again , " Young said . "  They 've tried to do quality shows . ` Parenthood ' is a quality show , ` Friday Night Lights ' was a high-quality show , but they somehow just lost traction with viewers , and they have to do something to try to get people back into the tent . " Wednesday night will bring a look at Matthew Perry 's "  Go On , " a darker comedy about a radio sportscaster who joins a group therapy session after his wife dies . After the Games ' closing ceremony Sunday , there 'll be a viewing of "  Animal Practice " in which Justin Kirk plays a womanizing veterinarian who 's not that into people but does have a monkey sidekick . "  NBC has not done well in a crowded landscape , " Young said , so this year 's strategy "  gives an opportunity to let their shows shine . Having said that , they do n't have very many shiny shows . " "  Animal Practice , " in the estimation of free-lance TV critic Ryan McGee , "  is the lowest common denominator at the time when they have the most people . " Perry 's "  Go On , " while not a favorite , was more fully formed . "  For all of NBC 's desires to sort of tack toward the middle , it 's a very dark show , " McGee said . "  I have no problem with drama in comedy . ... There 's a lot of space in the half-hour medium to do different things . But people think 30 minutes and they think , if I did n't laugh the whole time this was n't a successful episode of television . I do n't know how  ` Go On '  will play after the shot put . " Regardless , "  They 'd be foolish not to try , " said Bill Gorman of TVBytheNumbers.com , although he hastened to add , "  I just do n't think it 's going to have that much of an effect . " The '08 Olympics , he noted , did n't offer a promotional boost for that year 's fall lineup . "  All of NBC 's new fall 2008 shows -- ` My Own Worst Enemy , ' ` Knight Rider , ' ` Kath & Kim , ' ` America 's Toughest Jobs , ' ` Crusoe ' -- were canceled in their rookie seasons , " Gorman added via e-mail . "  None of them even received a full first-season order . " The concept for this year 's strategy has been evolving since 2011 , with NBC aware that the Olympics will bring viewers who are fans of the sporting event but who may not regularly watch the network . "  We 're doing everything we can to get things out there . It 's been a shift in thinking since Bob Greenblatt came aboard , " NBC exec Sanders said . "  These days you have to do it all . ... When you 're competing with four other networks and there 's 15 new shows all premiering within one week , it becomes very difficult to get attention and , in some cases , convince people to check out your show , whether it 's a new show or a show that they 're loyal to . We 're really hoping that by doing this not as a traditional launch , but just as a chance to get people to sample the shows , that we 're getting to have a leg up on our competitors , perhaps , and to have a leg up on a more traditional launch . " The concept also applies to its prime-time fantasy show "  Grimm , " which will launch its second season well ahead of the pack on August 13 . Industry observers will likely watch how this plan pays off , as it 's yet another sign of networks being confronted with a vastly changing landscape . "  There 's really no need for a fall season anymore , " said TV critic and NPR contributor David Bianculli of TVWorthWatching.com . "  That started so car companies could roll out their new car advertisements , and that 's not happening . The British model of shows that have like , 10 episodes a season , seems to be much smarter in terms of getting good talent and good scripts , but it 's not a model that has worked economically for the States yet . " Networks and newspapers , he added , are having "  the same problems right now . They 're desperate for the viewers and readers that they do n't have . They do n't know how to get them , but in trying to attract them , they 're alienating the people that they do have . I think they were trying for young , hip viewers with shows like "  Community , " which certainly increased their Web presence and their presence in social media , but it did n't pay off in ways that counted , or at least still count for the networks . " Critic McGee agrees , noting that NBC 's evolution could create problems as it raises awareness of the programming -- that being a lack of clarity of what makes an NBC show . "  Right now it 's ` The Office , ' ` Parks and Recreation ' and ` Community , ' " but if you ask the broader contingent what 's on NBC , "  they 're going to say ` Law & Order : SVU ' and ` The Biggest Loser , ' " which is problematic considering how well the other networks have shaped their content . "  CBS is a very well-defined identity , with basically the same show on every night , and people love that type of show . ABC is a well-defined identity , where it 's family comedy with a slight edge plus reality programming for women , " McGee said . "  Fox has its reality shows and slightly edgy comedies . NBC has been struggling for something -- it 's got ` Parenthood ' over here , it 's got ` Community ' over here , it 's got ` The Biggest Loser ' in the middle , it 's got ` SVU ' hanging on for dear life . It 's trying to figure out -- when you think of NBC , what are you going to think of ? Right now , they want you to think of Matthew Perry and a monkey . " For Sanders , the answer to the question about the network 's brand is to create "  great shows " -- and , yes , great ones that people watch . In his estimation , the network 's aiming for greater accessibility , which is n't to discount its more sophisticated programming . The Thursday night comedies most readily associated with NBC -- "  Parks and Recreation , " "  30 Rock , " "  The Office , " "  Community " -- "  they 've brought us attention and acclaim , and we 're incredibly proud of them , " Sanders said . "  As for these  new  shows , we 're hoping that they 're going to be just as smart , just as funny and insightful , and we 're hoping that they 're going to be instantly accessible to the audience , " he continued . "  The big shift that I 've felt in the development and the attention in these new shows is just making sure we 're adding an extra dollop of heart . "	NBC will use the Olympics as an entree to two new comedies in coming week It 's part of a larger strategy to capitalize on ratings and highlight content ahead of fall premieres Critics say timing and quality could derail the strategy 's effectiveness The move is also a sign of the changing TV landscape
CNN  -- The Bahamas claimed a track and field Olympic medal , storming to gold in the 4x400m relay ahead of Team USA on Friday . Bahamas anchorman Ramon Miller ran an inspired final leg to overall America 's Angelo Taylor and come home in a national record of two minutes 56.72 seconds . Trinidad and Tobago fended off a late surge from Great Britain to take the bronze . But there was disappointment for the South African team -- which included double-amputee Oscar Pistorius -- as they could only finish in eighth place . The U.S. 's women fared better in the sprint relay earlier in the evening taking the gold medal in the 4x100m for the first time since the 1996 Atlanta Games . The quartet , anchored by 100m silver medallist Carmelita Jeter , crossed the line in a time of 41.37 seconds , smashing the world record set by East Germany in 1985 . "  I knew that these girls were going to run their hearts out , " said Jeter . "  I knew we were running fast . I was already pointing at the clock , saying ` there it is ' . There was a cloud hanging over us , with people saying ` they ca n't do this , they 're going to drop the stick ' but we did it , " Jeter added . Asli Cakir Alptekin won Turkey 's first ever gold medal in track and field taking gold in the women 's 1500m final . The 26-year-old -- who served a two-year doping ban from 2004-2006 -- came home in a time of four minutes 10.23 seconds , fractionally ahead of her compatriot Gamze Bulut with Bahrain 's Ethiopian-born Maryam Jamal claiming the bronze . In the women 's 5,000 m final , Ethiopia 's Meseret Defar took the gold medal ahead of Kenya 's Vivian Jepkemoi Cheruiyot with Tirunesh Diaba , also from Ethiopia taking bronze . France 's Renaud Lavillenie took gold in the men 's pole vault final , posting an Olympic record of 5.97 m. Germany 's Bjorn Otto claimed silver , while compatriot Raphael Holzdeppe took bronze . There was also an Olympic record for Russia 's Tatyana Lysenko , whose throw of 78.18 m saw her claim gold in the women 's hammer competition . Poland 's Anita Wlodarczyk earned silver with a throw of 77.60 m with Germany 's Betty Heidler taking bronze with a throw of 77.13 m. Jamaica and the U.S. are safely through the to final of men 's 4x100 relay where they will be joined by Canada , Netherlands , Japan , Trinidad and Tobago , France and Australia .	Bahamas win 4x400m relay , beating Team USA to gold USA 's women smash 27-year-old world record in 4x100m final France 's Renaud Lavillenie takes gold in men 's pole vault final with an Olympic record of 5.97 m
Washington  CNN  -- In the battle for the Senate , nine races will play a role in determining the balance of power . Democrats currently hold six of the seats while Republicans hold the other two , meaning that the Democrats must defend their territory -- a difficult task in a midterm election with a Democratic president who has low approval ratings . Here 's a short synopsis of the key races that Democrats are working to keep in their hands : Alaska : Sen. Mark Begich is another freshman senator who is facing a difficult road to reelection . He won his last race by fewer than 4,000 votes in the red state . He is distancing himself from President Barack Obama and touting his pro-energy credentials . He could face one of three Republicans . Their primary is August 19 . Arkansas : This is one of the most Republican states in the country . President Barack Obama received only 37 % of the vote in 2012 and Sen. Mark Pryor is locked in a race with Rep. Tom Cotton , a Republican backed by both conservative and establishment elements of the Republican Party . Louisiana : Since her first Senate race in 1996 , Sen. Mary Landrieu has had a tough road to election . Now running for her fourth term , Republicans are still trying to unseat the centrist Democrat . This year she will face off against one of several Republican challengers , including Rep. Bill Cassidy , who is considered her biggest threat . Louisiana runs its elections a little differently . November 4 , Election Day for the rest of the country , is considered Louisiana 's primary . And if no candidate receives 50 % of the vote , a runoff takes place December 6 . Michigan : Long-time Sen. Carl Levin is retiring , giving Republicans their first chance to take a seat in Michigan since 1994 . Republican Terry Lynn Land is staging a competitive race against Democratic Rep. Gary Peters . House and Senate key races to watch Montana : Cook Political Report categorizes this race as "  lean Republican . " Sen. John Walsh is running as an incumbent , appointed to the seat after Max Baucus left to become ambassador to China , but that status is thin in the conservative state as he 's only been in office since February . Rep. Steve Daines is the likely Republican candidate . North Carolina : Sen. Kay Hagan is running for her second term . It 's still unclear who she will face in the November election as Republicans are battling it out for that party 's nomination . But her likely challenger is state House Speaker Thom Tillis . While she will have to run against her Republican opponent , she also will have to run against her public perception as she faces approval ratings of only 35 % , according to an April 8 High Point University/University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill poll . Iowa : Sen. Tom Harkin 's retirement opens the seat up to a possible Republican win . Rep. Bruce Braley will be the Democratic candidate and the Republican field is crowded . But if no GOP candidate obtains 35 % support in the primary , then the candidate is chosen by a conservative state convention . Republicans are also playing in Colorado and New Hampshire , which means they have multiple paths to retaking the Senate . But Republicans are defending two key seats that could make it more difficult for them to pick up the majority . Kentucky : Republican leader Mitch McConnell is in the race of his life . He is being attacked by the tea party wing of the party with a challenger , Matt Bevin , who he 's likely to beat in the May 20 primary . Then Democrats have a legitimate chance in the red state with their candidate , Alison Lundergan Grimes . Georgia : The current Republican senator , Saxby Chambliss , is retiring , leaving his seat vulnerable . Michelle Nunn comes from a family steeped in Georgia politics and is proving to be a viable Democratic candidate in this red state . Over on the GOP side , the candidates are beating each other up in a contentious primary and pushing each other further to the right , which could leave the primary winner bruised and too extreme for a general election electorate . Additionally , primary candidates must win more than 50 % of the vote to avoid a runoff . With the crowded field , a runoff is possible , adding another challenging element to Republican efforts to keep this seat . Complete 2014 midterms coverage	Republicans must pick up six seats to win control of the Senate Six Democratic races and two Republican races are key to the balance of power
CNN  -- Japan 's 77-year-old emperor is currently in hospital , several days after coming down with a fever , a spokesperson with the Imperial Household Agency says . Emperor Akihito , a ceremonial but revered figure in the Japan , was suffering from a worsening case of bronchitis and the fever he contracted Thursday , according to the spokesperson , who declined to be identified due to the agency 's media protocol . "  He appears to be fatigued and has lost some resistance to fight against sickness , " the spokesperson said . "  To be on the safe side , he was hospitalized  Sunday night  at University of Tokyo Hospital . " It is the emperor 's second time in a hospital this year , after getting medical treatment in February for extensive tests of his coronary arteries . In recent years some analysts believe Akihito 's health has been affected by stress . The issues of no male heir for Crown Prince Naruhito , the continued talk of constitutional changes for females to rule and family rifts over the role of the Imperial Household Agency were speculated to be the cause . Tsugunomiya Akihito was born on December 23 , 1933 in Tokyo to Emperor Hirohito and Empress Nagako Kuniat as their fifth child and first son . According to Japanese legend , he is a direct descendant of Japan 's first emperor Jimmu , circa 660 BC . Akihito means "  shining pinnacle of virtue , " and Tsugunomiya means "  prince of the august succession and enlightened benevolence . " At about the age of five , Akihito was separated from his parents , in accordance with Japanese custom at the time , and raised and educated by chamberlains and tutors . His youth was packed with events so dramatic that they today seem unimaginable , including Japan 's brutal military invasion of China , its foray into World War II and subsequent defeat followed by an unprecedented foreign occupation . Akihito 's post WWII private tutor was an American Quaker , Elizabeth Gray-Vining from Philadelphia , who also happened to be the only foreign guest at his wedding . Married to Michiko Shoda in 1959 , he was the first Japanese crown prince to marry a commoner  they met playing tennis  , despite the fact there was a designated list of about 800 potential candidates . The marriage produced three children ; Hiro no miya Naruhito Shinno , Crown Prince Naruhito  born February 23 , 1960  , Akishino no miya Fumihito Shinno , Prince Akishino  born November 30 , 1965  , and Nori no miya Sayako Naishinno , Princess Sayako  born April 8 , 1969  . On November 12 , 1990 , Akihito ascended to the Chrysanthemum Throne -- the oldest hereditary monarchy in the world -- as the 125th Emperor of Japan , one year and ten months after the death of Emperor Hirohito . The position , per Japan 's constitution , is defined as "  the symbol of the state and of the unity of the people . " That said , the office 's involvement in day-to-day government affairs tends to be minimal . Akihito broke from precedent following Japan 's epic 9.0 magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami earlier this year , when he gave a historic , televised speech on March 16 . In it , he encouraged citizens to put forth their "  best effort to save all suffering people " and he applauded his countrymen 's handling of the crisis . "  I truly hope the victims of the disaster never give up hope , take care of themselves , and live strong for tomorrow , " he said in a calm and poignant oration delivered from the Imperial Palace . "  Also , I want all citizens of Japan to remember everyone who has been affected by the devastation , not only today but for a long time afterwards -- and help with the recovery . " CNN Library contributed to this report .	Japan has the world 's only monarch with the title Emperor The Chrysanthemum Throne is the oldest hereditary monarchy in the world Akihito is the fifth child and first son of Emperor Hirohito and Empress Nagako Akihito 's interests include marine biology , tennis , playing the cello
The deafening roar of state-of-the-art warplanes being catapulted into the air from its huge flight deck signaled that the USS George Washington was back in combat mode after its recent detour to the Philippines to take part in the aid effort in the wake of Super Typhoon Haiyan . Barely a week on and the 90,000-ton Nimitz-class aircraft carrier is now patrolling waters off the island of Okinawa as part a huge naval exercise -- AnnualEx 2013 -- involving dozens of warships , submarines and aircraft from the U.S. Navy 's 7th fleet and the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force  JMSDF  . The aim ? To provide a stern test of their ability to effectively and mutually respond to the defense of Japan or to a regional crisis or contingency situation in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region , according to the U.S. Navy . But this year 's war games have taken on an added dimension given the high-pressure atmosphere in the region at present -- they take place in the shadow of a controversial new Air Defense Identification Zone announced by the Chinese last weekend . This zone , which incorporates among other areas an East China Sea island chain at the center of an acrimonious tug of war between Tokyo and Beijing , requires that all military aircraft in the area must report their flight plans to China , maintain two-way radio and clearly mark their nationalities on the aircraft . China has warned it will take "  defensive measures " if their orders are ignored . ` Steady as you go ' The commander of the U.S. 7th fleet , Vice Admiral Robert L. Thomas , appeared relaxed about the situation while addressing a group of reporters aboard the USS George Washington . He said while China 's air defense zone did not appear to be "  well thought out " given the overlap with both Japanese and South Korean territorial claims , he did not think U.S. military activity in the region would be negatively affected . "  We are going to continue with our operations in international airspace as we always have , " he said . "  It 's about international norms , standards , rules and laws . When anybody makes an extreme claim it is really an imperative that the international community can continue to operate in accordance with international law and not be distracted . "  So for us it 's ` steady as you go . ' Our operations in the East China Sea will continue as they always have . " ` Profoundly dangerous ' Japan , which administers the largely uninhabited island chain -- known as Diaoyu by China and Senkaku by the Japanese -- has described China 's move as "  a profoundly dangerous act that may cause unintended consequences in the area , " while U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said "  this unilateral action constitutes an attempt to change the status quo in the East China Sea . Escalatory action will only increase tensions in the region and create risks of an incident . " China has rebuffed any criticism by stating that its action is not directed at any one in particular , and that other countries -- including Japan -- have established similar control zones in the past . In recent months , both sides have been involved in a dangerous game of "  cat and mouse , " prompting fears that any miscalculation could set the two Asian powers on a collision course -- with the United States likely to be dragged into such a conflict to defend its Japanese ally . Tokyo says it has twice scrambled fighter jets this month after Chinese aircraft appeared on course to enter its airspace . For its part , China lodged a complaint after it said a Japanese warship recently entered waters where the People 's Liberation Army  PLA  Navy was holding live-fire drills , noting "  the provocative move may have led to unexpected emergencies . " Meanwhile , China 's first aircraft carrier , the "  Liaoning , " set sail this week from its home port of Qingdao in eastern China . According to the PLA Navy 's website , it will head for the South China Sea to "  conduct scientific experiments and military training . " This course would take it through the East China Sea accompanied by four other warships . Restraint Yet with so many potential flashpoints in the region , Thomas is optimistic that conflict will be avoided . He pointed to the professionalism shown by the armed forces on all sides in the region as the basis for this confidence . "  The South Koreans have shown great restraint with regard to North Korea and those severe provocations , while the Japanese Self Defense Force has also been very measured , " he said . Significantly , he pointed to China 's development of a "  world class " navy , with a level of professionalism that matches its improving infrastructure . "  The more confident they become in their own capabilities , then this will actually ` depressurize ' the situation , " he said . He added that the People 's Liberation Army Navy was no longer an unpredictable , conscription-based force training only at certain times of the year . He said the PLA Navy was now showing signs of being able to operate far beyond its own waters , carrying out missions -- such as anti-piracy patrols -- that could make it a useful and responsible global operator . Humanitarian challenge With F-18 fighters taking off and landing almost every few minutes , it was easy to forget the role the carrier played in the Leyte Gulf more than a week ago . Many of its fighter jets were flown back to Japan to make room for more helicopters able to ferry in supplies to remote areas of the Philippines in the wake of Super Typhoon Haiyan . "  The ship became a ` lily pad ' for relief operations , " said the carrier 's commander , Rear Admiral Mark Montgomery . "  This is something we 'll train more for , " he added , citing the need for a modern navy to be able to adapt to an increasingly diverse range of challenges and missions within its theater of operations . "  It was humbling to be able to take part in the extraordinary humanitarian effort in the Philippines . " Yet the sight of dozens of warships in tight formation in high seas off Japan was another reminder of how serious the U.S. and Japan are taking the threat to regional security -- undeniably their biggest challenge .	USS George Washington in huge naval exercise -- AnnualEx 2013 -- off Okinawa CNN reporter aboard carrier as dozens of warships , subs and aircraft take part This year 's games held against backdrop of tension after China imposes new air zone China announced a new Air Defense Identification Zone , angering U.S. and Japan
CNN  -- "  What ?! You do theater , you 've been a television anchor , you dance like you 're possessed at nightclubs , you emcee events , you interview celebrities , and you call yourself an introvert ? Get out ! " Nobody believes me when I say I 'm shy . Sure , I thought I 'd conquered it . I 'd forced myself to get out of my shell , and speak to people -- I 'd even chosen a career in journalism that involved interacting with strangers . But nine years into that career , I found myself willing to brave helmet hair and the blistering summer heat of Madras  officially called Chennai now  to ride a scooter to a meeting , just so I would n't have to ask our tenant to move the car that was blocking mine . And then it hit me -- you can get over shyness but the crippling tightness that paralyzes introverts is not conquerable . I 'm not sure how to explain the "  tightness . " Perhaps it 's unwillingness , not so much as inability , to communicate . It 's almost a mood , but with physical manifestations that clever folks may term "  psychosomatic . " One shrinks from contact . It 's not the inability to interact , just a preference not to . As I analyzed this particular incident , I could recall several others . There are times I pretend I have n't seen someone I know , so I can avoid talking to him or her . These are not people I dislike ; I 'm even fond of many of the people I 've evaded . I do n't know why it happens . When I give myself a pep talk and push myself to go say hi , I can feel my heart beat faster , my nerves on edge , my throat dry up . Yes , it 's pretty much how you might feel before asking someone out ; only , in this case , it was before asking someone to move a car . So , we all have our complexes . I got over "  fat-girl " by losing weight and "  unpretty-girl " by getting my face on TV , but how does one get rid of "  shy-girl " ? Especially when the only people who understand are the ones who suffer from it , and are hence unlikely to bump into you ? My teachers in school were baffled when I clammed up at extempore and elocution contests and was squeamish about debates . People assume good writers are good speakers . They assume stage fright is the fear of appearing on stage and hearing the sound of one 's own voice . But here 's the thing : stage fright is n't so much the fear of the limelight as the consciousness of the presence of other people . Introverts are not always the kids with thick glasses , ugly braces and narrow shoulders , who spend all their time in the library or science lab . They could be popular in school , take part in extracurricular activities and have perfectly normal relationships  just as long as they do n't have to do the asking out !  . But , there are things they feel they simply ca n't do , things that seem to induce a stifling sense of lethargy in them . I suppose I had forced myself out of this lethargy every now and again , but I had n't thought about how I got here , or how I learned to deal with the onset of introvert tendencies , until the incident with the car . My "  therapy " may have begun with theater . I loved the idea of bringing characters alive , and I knew how each line should be spoken . But I was terribly inhibited during play readings and hated "  trust " exercises . I ca n't say I 'm particularly fond of them now , either . It was n't the corniness of it all , it was the constant contact , the idea of giving away personal thought and space . Why did people have to know me when I was playing somebody else ? The problem was solved when I had one of those epiphanies that appear so "  duh ! " in retrospect : that "  somebody else " I conjured up in acting class was simply living her life , not acting it . I only had to be her . The corollary was that I could have a persona , one that would allow me to say out loud the wisecracks in my head , one that could hug people , one that could snuff out the sudden bouts of shyness that hampered my self-assurance . All it took was stepping out of myself . Gradually , the two may have gotten integrated , because the persona was not different from me ; the persona just did what I wanted to do . And breaking out of my introverted inclinations to do those things gave me the confidence to do more of them . My second big step was moving abroad , and that leads me to wonder whether introverted behavior is cultural . Oh , we Indians make a garrulous nation , but we rarely communicate . Our natural instinct is to walk past strangers and look away quickly if our eyes happen to meet . We do n't make conversation with people who have a functional role , such as billing our purchases or filling our fuel tanks . They give us numbers , we hand them cash . On my second day in London , a cheerful cashier at Sainsbury 's spoke to me about his girlfriend 's parents , my course of study at the university , why Chelsea FC stinks and how my appearance was too indeterminate to reveal my ethnicity . Strangers smiled and nodded in greeting . It seemed rather bizarre at first not to avert my eyes and pretend it had n't happened when I reached for the same can as someone else . But I grew comfortable with it over time . My big moment was sharing a laugh with a woman on the South Bank , as her toddler screamed when one of the statue people moved . "  Trauma when he 's under 5 . His brain 's warped now , you know , " I grinned , and she sighed , "  Yeah , I know ! " I moved on to a smile-and-wave mute-and-mutual flirtation with a tall fellow-jogger on Harrow Hill , which lasted several months -- till I spotted him in a blazer and realized he was a schoolboy . When I moved back to India , the list of "  things I 'd rather not approach people about " was far shorter . But this is n't a finite list . You never know when the need will arise to pull your socks up and take a deep breath before asking someone if he can , say , move a car . The good news , though , is you can learn to deal with those few moments well enough to make people roll their eyes when you say you 're an introvert .	Nandini Krishnan says she 's an introvert though she does not fit the profile of one Krishnan is a writer , a stage actor and a stand-up comedian "  I 'm hoping to reach out to other people who are as introverted as I am , " she told CNN Have something to share ? Submit your personal essay at CNN iReport
New York  CNN  -- The young New York student whose tale of hard work and endurance in the face of homelessness has captured many hearts -- and whose recognition in the prestigious Intel science competition has already given her much to celebrate -- will be attending the president 's State of the Union speech . "  Well , you know the SOTU attracts the most powerful people in the world , and I think Samantha can teach them a lesson in perseverance , " New York Rep. Steve Israel said . Israel , head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , has extended his plus one to Samantha Garvey , a 17-year-old homeless science superstar from Brentwood , New York . Garvey was told last week at the shelter her family had been staying in that her study on the ribbed sea mussels of Long Island 's salt marshes had earned her semifinalist recognition in Intel 's science talent search and a potential $ 100,000 scholarship . Two days later , after county officials heard Garvey 's story , they announced that a three-bedroom home in Bellmore would be rented for the Garvey family as part of Suffolk County 's affordable housing program . The Garveys were living in a shelter after being kicked out of their home on New Year 's Eve . Israel called Garvey "  an inspiration , " and said he thought her presence would be an important influence on attendees of President Barack Obama 's address on January 24 . "  The same people that will praise Samantha with one hand might be the same people that will slash budgets for science and education on the other , " Israel said . Her story , he said , was one of staying steadfast in the face of adversity . Israel said he had plans for himself and Garvey to meet with multiple White House officials before the speech . The next day , Garvey will find out if she made it to the Intel finals .	New York Rep. Steve Israel invites homeless science scholar to speech Samantha Garvey found out she was Intel semifinalist last week Two days later , she was given a home by county officials
CNN  -- By announcing that he will release no further tax returns beyond his 2010 and 2011 returns , Mitt Romney appears to have exempted himself from the proud bipartisan tradition of presidential nominees displaying genuine financial candor with the electorate . What is more , his disclosure to date is in the wrong direction : It is the release of Romney 's past returns , not his current ones , that matters . Since George Romney inaugurated the practice more than 40 years ago by releasing 12 years of tax returns in his bid for the Republican Party nomination , presidential nominees have been transparent with voters about their personal finances . For this reason , we have not suffered a significant tax scandal involving a nominee or sitting president since President Richard Nixon 's abuse of the tax code . Either Romney has an unresolved father figure issue , or he has some special reason not to follow a tradition established by his father . News : Romney campaign expected to launch multipronged effort to rebut attacks Given Romney 's financial sophistication , it has been assumed by some that there can not be any tax skeletons in his closet . His reluctance to disclose past returns , however , undermines that assumption . We are left with the difficult task of plausibly reconstructing his financial record based on the one full return that he has released . The result is troubling . Mitt Romney is extraordinarily wealthy , but that is not a justification for nondisclosure . He has made no secret of his wealth , and required campaign disclosures already hint at its magnitude . While Romney may have dissembled about when he actually left Bain Capital , he has been disassociated with the firm long enough that he can not argue that his tax returns will reveal proprietary secrets . Nor is this just an exercise in financial titillation or gossip . Disclosure goes to the heart of the truthfulness with which a nominee engages the American people , and it assures us that he in fact has comported himself before the election with the high moral character we associate with a future president . Romney 's 2010 tax return , when combined with his FEC disclosure , reveals red flags that raise serious tax compliance questions with respect to his possible tax minimization strategies in earlier years . The release in October of his 2011 return will at best act as a distraction from these questions . So , what are the issues ? The first is Romney 's Swiss bank account . Most presidential candidates do n't think it appropriate to bet that the U.S. dollar will lose value by speculating in Swiss Francs , which is basically the rationale offered by the trustee of Romney 's "  blind " trust for opening this account . What 's more , if you really want just to speculate on foreign currencies , you do n't need a Swiss bank account to do so . The Swiss bank account raises tax compliance questions , too . News : Americans view Romney 's campaign more unfavorably than Obama 's The account seems to have been closed early in 2010 , but was the income in fact reported on earlier tax returns ? Did the Romneys timely file the required disclosure forms to the Treasury Department  so-called FBAR reports  ? The IRS announced in 2009 a partial tax amnesty for unreported foreign bank accounts , in light of the Justice Department 's criminal investigations involving several Swiss banks . To date , some 34,500 Americans have taken advantage of such amnesty programs . Did the Romneys avail themselves of any of these amnesty programs ? One hopes that such a suggestion is preposterous , but that is what disclosure is for -- to replace speculation with truth-telling to the American people . Second , Romney 's $ 100 million IRA is remarkable in its size . Even under the most generous assumptions , Romney would have been restricted to annual contributions of $ 30,000 while he worked at Bain . How does this grow to $ 100 million ? One possibility is that a truly mighty oak sprang up virtually overnight from relatively tiny annual acorns because of the unprecedented prescience of every one of Romney 's investment choices . Another , which on its face is quite plausible , is that Romney stuffed far more into his retirement plans each year than the maximum allowed by law by claiming that the stock of the Bain company deals that the retirement plan acquired had only a nominal value . He presumably would have done so by relying on a special IRS "  safe harbor " rule relating to the taxation of a service partner 's receipt of such interests , but that rule emphatically does not apply to an interest when sold to a retirement plan , which is supposed to be measured by its true fair market value . Third , the vast amounts in Romney 's family trusts raise a parallel question : Did Romney report and pay gift tax on the funding of these trusts or did he claim similarly unreasonable valuations , which likewise would have exposed him to serious penalties if all the facts were known ? Fourth , the complexity of Romney 's one publicly released tax return , with all its foreign accounts , trusts , corporations and partnerships , leaves even experts  including us  scratching their heads . Disclosure of multiple years ' tax returns is part of the answer here , but in this case it is n't sufficient . Romney 's financial affairs are so arcane , so opaque and so tied up in his continuing income from Bain Capital that more is needed , including an explanation of the $ 100 million IRA . Finally , there 's the puzzle of the Romneys ' extraordinarily low effective tax rate . For 2010 , the Romneys enjoyed a federal tax rate of only 13.9 % on their adjusted gross income of roughly $ 22 million , which gave them a lower federal tax burden  including payroll , income and excise taxes  than the average American wage-earning family in the $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 range . The principal reason for this munificently low tax rate is that much of Romney 's income , even today , comes from "  carried interest , " which is just the jargon used by the private equity industry for compensation received for managing other people 's money . The vast majority of tax scholars and policy experts agree that awarding a super-low tax rate to this one form of labor income is completely unjustified as a policy matter . Romney has not explained how , as president , he can bring objectivity to bear on this tax loophole that is estimated as costing all of us billions of dollars every year . News : Romney cites incident of helping campaign contributor The U.S. presidency is a position of immense magnitude and requires a thorough vetting . What the American people deserve is a complete and honest presentation by Romney of how his wealth was accumulated , where it is now invested , what purpose is served by all the various offshore vehicles in which he has an interest and what his financial relationship with Bain Capital has been since his retirement from the company . These are all factors that go to the heart of his character and values . For a nominee to America 's highest office , a clear and transparent reporting of his finances should be nothing more than routine . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward D. Kleinbard and Peter C. Canellos .	Mitt Romney has only released one complete tax return for 2010 Edward Kleinbard , Peter Canellos : Romney needs to be transparent about his finances Romney 's 2010 tax return reveals red flags about tax compliance issues , they say Kleinbard , Canellos : Electorate deserves a thorough vetting of presidential candidates
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Harvey Schwartz spent the past 40 years collecting antiques , art and odd items that he rented to TV and movie studios as props and set decorations . These "  aliens " are among the items to be auctioned off by 20th Century Props . During a tour of his huge North Hollywood , California , warehouse , Schwartz , owner of 20th Century Props , opened a morgue vault door , revealing the legs of a crusty corpse , built for the "  X-Files " TV series . "  Fun piece , " he said with a smile . "  Love the sound effects . " Schwartz must now sell everything -- including a submarine , a fake nuclear warhead and Austin Powers ' cryogenic chamber -- at auction because of a dramatic decline in Hollywood productions over the past year . Watch a tour of the prop warehouse " "  I guess it would be the end of Hollywood as I know it and for everyone , because there wo n't be any place to get all these products again , " Schwartz said . While 2009 has been a good year at the box office , more production is leaving Los Angeles for states that offer tax incentives unmatched by California . "  It 's very , very tough , " said Jack Kyser , economist for the Los Angeles Economic Development Commission . "  If you are doing feature film production , you are probably going to go out of state because 44 other states have been offering incentives for feature film productions . California just started their incentive program . " With companies spending less on advertising in a down economy , broadcast TV is suffering and people who make commercials have less work , Kyser said . The writers ' strike last year and the stalled actors union contract talks added to the slowdown , and it 's getting even tougher for struggling young actors and writers pursuing their Hollywood dreams , he said . "  We have a slang phrase : ` There 's a lot of WAMs out there : waiters , actors , models ' , " Kyser said . "  And if you go to restaurants you see the wait staff is looking better and better all the time , physically . " Stephon Fuller , an actor who moved to Los Angeles 11 years ago , said , "  It 's never been this quiet for me . " Still , Fuller said he expected auditions for new roles to pick up later in the summer . On-location film shoots dropped 25 percent overall in the first half of the year , including a 50 percent loss in feature film production in Los Angeles , according to a group that helps process filming permits . "  If you are doing a feature film you have to rent equipment , you have to rent props , " Kyser said "  If you go out on location you have to rent a truck to take you there , you have to have a location caterer , and all these people are feeling the pain . " Schwartz , 67 , started suffering last year with a 40 percent drop in business , and it has gotten worse in recent months . "  I just ca n't hold on any longer , " he said . "  I 've run out of money . " An auctioneer will begin the long process of selling everything Tuesday morning . "  I talk lightly that I have 93,752 pieces under this roof , but it does n't really strike a note until you start putting a little auction lot number on each piece or a bunch of pieces . " Potential bidders have registered from dozens of countries , and hundreds are expected to show up at the warehouse , Schwartz said . Visitors can be overwhelmed by what they see in Schwartz ' warehouse . The largest item on the block is a 162-foot-long submarine built for "  Down Periscope , " a 1996 comedy starring Kelsey Grammer . It 's not seaworthy -- since it actually never left a movie sound stage -- and it will be an expensive job moving it . Complete with torpedoes , it has been used in several TV productions in recent years , Schwartz said . The nuclear warhead John Travolta used in his 1996 film "  Broken Arrow " will also be sold , along with the cryogenic tube used to preserve the Mike Myers character in "  Austin Powers : International Man of Mystery , " an identical tube that housed a frozen Gary Coleman and Dr. Evil 's escape egg . See photos of the items up for auction " Fans of Beyonce can bid on the giant champagne glass the singer bathed in for her "  Naughty Girl " music video in 2003 . The inventory also includes a large drill used by Ben Affleck and Bruce Willis in the 1998 film "  Armageddon . " A spaceship built in 1959 for a "  Twilight Zone " episode and used in Will Smith 's "  Men in Black 2 " hangs in the warehouse . Schwartz is also selling the metal chair used to strap down a naked Natasha Henstridge in an unforgettable scene from the movie "  Species . " Schwartz has also collected thousands of pieces of vintage furniture , including art deco bedroom sets and office desks that were used on movie sets . Schwartz , who wrote a book about rattan furniture , points with pride to a set made famous by its weekly exposure on the "  Golden Girls . " Nearby is a rattan chair seen with Marlon Brando in "  The Godfather . " Schwartz has an endless selection of vintage lamps , scones and chandeliers -- including those made for "  Titanic . " "  Yeah , it 's all going to be sold to collectors , " he said . "  This is the first time in 60 years that Hollywood has had a big sale like this , where they 've dissipated Hollywood props to all parts of the planet . " Schwartz shakes his head , wondering how studios will find their props if and when production gears up again in Hollywood .	Dramatic decline in Hollywood productions over the past year prompts auction Submarine , fake nuclear warhead and Austin Powers ' cryogenic chamber to be sold Inventory also includes a drill used by Ben Affleck and Bruce Willis in "  Armageddon " Potential bidders have registered from dozens of countries
CNN  -- Not many people get a personal invitation to visit North Korea 's new leader Kim Jong Un . Kenji Fujimoto was the personal sushi chef of Kim 's father , the late Kim Jong Il , before fleeing to his native Japan in 2001 , fearing his life was in danger . More than a decade later , he returned to North Korea and described a warm reunion with the young Kim . "  I jumped up to hug him , shouting ` Comrade General ' and instantly burst into tears ... He hugged me back , the first hug in 11 years . I said , ` Fujimoto the betrayer is back now , ' and I apologized for all I did and all I disclosed about him . He said , ` OK , do n't worry anymore . ' " Fujimoto has written a number of books about the Kim family since he left North Korea . The former chef says he often played with the young Kim before he escaped . During his recent two-week visit , he says Kim thanked him for playing with him and talked about their going horse-riding , jet-skiing ; playing tennis , basketball ; and rollerblading together . Fujimoto said of the young leader , "  I was surprised how gentle a person he is . " It is not clear why the younger Kim decided to invite Fujimoto back to North Korea , but it is clear that Fujimoto is unwilling to say anything negative about him or the country . Speaking of Pyongyang , he said , "  I went window shopping from the third day . There are plenty of goods in shops . That 's already a big difference . There was nothing there 10 years ago ... I guess it changed drastically since the Kim Jong Un era started . " More : North Korea rebuffs aid from South Pyongyang has improved over the past decade , but it is a city for the elite and chosen . In the countryside that few visitors are allowed to see , the situation is very different . Aid groups say food is scarce and malnutrition high . It may not surprise many that Fujimoto , with his glowing praise , sounds at times like a spokesman for the regime . His wife and children are still living in Pyongyang . Fujimoto claims they want to stay , but there is no way to know for sure . Spending every day with his family , he then stayed the night in a room in the Secretary 's department , claiming he needed to for safety , as there are many who do not forgive him , as he says Kim has done . Fujimoto also met Kim 's wife whom the world did not even know about a couple of weeks ago . Of Ri Sol-ju he said , "  She is just so charming . I can not describe her voice , it 's so soft ... She said to me , ` Welcome to the republic . Our comrade the Supreme Commander missed you the most . He was always talking about you . Thank you for coming . ' Kim organized a party in Fujimoto 's honor , according to the chef . He says they talked about old times and did not mention the current situation of North Korea at all . He does admit forgetting how the party ended after he had a few drinks . "  When I regained consciousness , I was on a bed . I asked if I did anything disrespectful . No one said I did , so I felt relieved . " Fujimoto says Kim gave him a free pass to visit North Korea whenever he wanted , an invitation few have . The benefit of the visit for Kim 's international reputation is not lost on Fujimoto . "  I said clearly that if I go back to Japan safely , the reputation of Supreme Commander ` Comrade General ' would soar enormously , " he said . Fujimoto is now willing to tell all who will listen about the virtues of the young North Korean leader . More on North Korea : Typhoon tourism	Fujimoto has written a number of books about the Kim family since leaving N. Korea During visit , Fujimoto meets Kim Jong Un and his wife Fujimoto says Kim gave him a free pass to visit N. Korea whenever he wants
CNN  -- One of Japan 's largest banks on Friday announced a loss for the nine-month period ending December 31 , hit by weak markets and a recession at home . Mitsubishi UFJ said higher credit costs and stock losses also contributed to its deficit . Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group reported a net loss of  42.07 billion  $ 467.44 million  in the April-December period , its first loss since the group was launched in 2005 . This compares to a profit of  314.6 billion  $ 3.44 billion  profit for the same period a year ago . The group slashed its net profit forecast to  50 billion  $ 546 million  , from a previous projection of  220 billion  $ 2.4 billion  . The bank blamed the bleak outcome on a "  decrease of net fees and commissions " in businesses such as investment trust , insurance securities and real estate . Higher credit costs and stock losses also contributed to the deficit , the company said . Meanwhile , Reuters.com quoted Japanese financial daily , Nikkei , as saying the "  mega bank " -- which has already taken a  100 billion valuation loss due to the stock market downturn -- may face further write-downs since stock prices have continued to fall .	Loss compares to a profit of $ 3.44 billion for the same period a year ago Bank blamed the bleak outcome on a "  decrease of net fees and commissions " Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group was formed in 2005
CNN  -- Burch Farms has recalled all cantaloupes and honeydew melons it grew this year because of possible listeria contamination , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday . The FDA found Listeria monocytogenes or L. mono on a honeydew melon and at the packing facility in Faison , North Carolina , it announced in a news release . The melons were sold to distributors in 18 states along the East Coast and in the Midwest but may have been resold in other states . Refund for popular kids ' vitamins Consumers can identify the affected cantaloupes by stickers  either Burch Farms or Cottle Strawberry  attached to them . People concerned they have bought Burch Farm honeydew melons should call the store where they purchased them and ask where the melons originated . Those melons do not have a sticker . The FDA says it does n't know of anyone getting sick because of eating these products . Listeriosis is preceded by flu-like symptoms including a fever , according to the FDA website . Symptoms include diarrhea , nausea and vomiting . People at risk include infants , pregnant women , adults with weakened immune systems and older adults . It can take several weeks before becoming sick , the FDA said . Drought has global impact on food prices	Melons were grown in North Carolina , sold to food distributors in 18 states FDA found listeria on a melon and the place where they were packed No one known to be sick at this time , agency says Gastointestinal symptoms can indicate listeriosis
London , England  CNN  -- A fishing ship whose crew had to be rescued from a fire is limping to port in the United Kingdom , the Maritime and Coastguard Agency told CNN Wednesday . Ninety-eight crew members were rescued from the Athena early Wednesday , while 13 remain on board to keep the fire under control and pilot the ship to port , the agency 's Claire Johns said . The container ship Vega -- which happened to be nearby when the Athena caught fire -- is accompanying the ship to Falmouth , England , where both ships are due Thursday night , she said . The rescued crew members are aboard the Vega . The rescue operation was complicated by Athena 's distance from land -- some 230 miles  370 kilometers  southwest of the British Isles of Scilly and 270 miles  435 kilometers  west of the Pointe Du Penmarche in Brittany , France . Because they can carry only so much fuel , British Royal Navy helicopters only had about 20 minutes over the rescue scene before having to return , according to the agency . A plane was also scrambled from France to help with communications during the rescue , the Coastguard said . The company that owns the ship does not know the cause of the fire yet , a representative said . "  Hopefully tomorrow when the firefighters come on board  it  will be completely extinguished and cleared and then we will know more about what happened , " Sue Philbrow told CNN by e-mail from the Faroe Islands , where the ship is registered . Five ships responded to the emergency call to pick up crewmembers , who include Chinese , Russian , Peruvian and Scandinavian personnel , among others . The Athena is a fishing ship that processes fish on board . CNN 's Eileen Hsieh and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report	NEW : The ship owner does n't know the cause of the fire Most of the crew is rescued from the Athena It 's heading for Falmouth , England , under its own power The vessel caught fire more than 200 miles from land
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama could be among the Americans traveling to Cuba now that restrictions on passage to the island are being loosened . The White House said Wednesday it was n't ruling out a presidential visit to Cuba now that diplomatic relations with the United States have been restored . "  I assume , like many Americans , he has seen that Cuba is a place where they have a beautiful climate and a lot of fun things to do , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest said . "  If there 's an opportunity for the President to visit I 'm sure that he would n't turn it down . " The Obama administration on Wednesday said it was easing restrictions on certain types of travel to Cuba , including visits to family members , trips by journalists and religious activities . But the new rules still do not permit U.S. tourists to visit the island . A visit by the President to Cuba would be historic ; even a phone call between Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro on Tuesday marked the first presidential engagement between the two nations since the Cuban Revolution . Obama said Wednesday that high-ranking U.S. officials would visit Cuba soon to begin to establish a presence there . Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker will travel there in the near future , and Secretary of State John Kerry said he looked "  forward to being the first secretary of state in 60 years to visit Cuba . "	The White House would n't rule out a possible presidential visit to Cuba President Barack Obama announced a series of changes aimed at improving U.S.-Cuban relations on Wednesday
CNN  -- A new variation of bird flu that the WHO says has caused at least 11 deaths in China has genetic characteristics that make it well-adapted to infect people . In a report published late Thursday in the New England Journal of Medicine , samples from three patients -- all of whom died -- had mutations that have previously been shown to increase transmissibility , and to help the virus grow in a mammal 's respiratory tract . The analysis comes amid a modest but steady stream of human cases since the end of March . Saturday , China reported a 7-year-old Beijing girl is the latest person to become infected with the H7N9 flu strain , bringing the total to 44 . The strain is normally found in birds , and until last month was never known to infect people . "  The H7N9 situation is evolving very quickly , " said Nancy Cox , director of the Influenza Division at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  One thing of concern is the pace at which we are seeing the identification of cases . " Another death in China bird flu crisis as Hong Kong goes on alert On a more reassuring note , investigators have found no evidence that the virus has passed directly from person to person . More than a thousand "  close contacts " of the patients are being monitored by Chinese health officials , according to the World Health Organization . One concerning mutation , known as "  Substitution Q226L , " was found in two of the first three victims . Past experiments have shown it to make viruses -- including the H5N1 bird flu virus -- more likely to infect ferrets , which are commonly used in flu research . The same mutation was also found in the viruses that caused the 1957 and 1968 flu pandemics . A second mutation , known as "  PB2 E627K , " was found in all three virus samples . According to Dr. Ron Fouchier , a Dutch virologist , this mutation allows the virus to reproduce at much lower temperatures than a standard avian influenza virus . The change lets it grow in a human respiratory tract , which is cooler than the virus ' natural home : a bird 's gastrointestinal tract . In mice , Fouchier said , the mutation makes the infection as much as 1,000 times more virulent . A number of other mutations were found as well , including changes that are characteristic of viruses found in mammals . China 's bird flu mystery "  Known normal bird viruses have to adapt substantially to infect people , but not these , " said Fouchier , who said the changes are enough that he would no longer call the H7N9 strain "  bird flu . " The first three patients to be identified are an 87-year-old man and a 27-year-old man from Shanghai , and a 35-year-old housewife from Anhui . The woman had visited a chicken market about a week before falling ill . The younger man was a butcher who worked in a market where live birds were sold , although he did not butcher any birds . The 87-year-old had no known exposure to live birds . All three died after suffering severe respiratory symptoms , including acute respiratory distress syndrome and eventually septic shock and multiple organ failure . In a commentary that ran with the article , Cox and Dr. Tim Uyeki , a physician with the CDC , noted that patients were not given antiviral medication until their illness became severe . Oseltamivir  Tamiflu  or zanamivir  Relenza  should be administered as soon as possible to patients with a suspected or confirmed H7N9 infection , the two wrote . Cox said it remains unclear whether the severe illnesses are typical of H7N9 infection or simply the tip of a large iceberg in which a large number of mild cases are going unnoticed . "  As surveillance has expanded , we 're also seeing individuals with milder cases , " said Cox . "  We 're still seeing very severe disease in some cases , but overall I think it 's somewhat reassuring . " The CDC is in the final steps of refining a diagnostic test to identify H7N9 in patients , and Cox said it should be available for distribution in a matter of days . A widely available diagnostic test would allow faster identification of patients who actually have the infection , and would also help disease detectives zero in on how people are being exposed . Work has begun on a vaccine , although Cox and others said that even if it is eventually needed , a vaccine likely wo n't be available for several months . While the overall picture is concerning , flu experts urged calm . "  I would n't say a pandemic is more likely than it was a year ago , " Fouchier said . "  The only thing we can do as virologists right now is to point out the interesting characteristics of the virus , try to get to the bottom of this story and try to stop further infections . "	A new bird flu variation has caused 11 deaths in China The H7N9 flu strain is responsible for 44 human cases Experts are concerned by some of the virus mutations found
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Polls closed in Bangladesh 's parliamentary elections Sunday amid a boycott by major opposition parties and violence that left at least 16 people dead , officials said . Officials announced some results Sunday night . But disputes over the vote appeared to be far from over , with the country 's largest opposition party calling for a fresh round of protests starting Monday against what they called "  farcical polls . " Kazi Rakibuddin Ahmad , Bangladesh 's chief election commissioner , said cold weather and the opposition boycott fueled a low turnout nationwide . But a senior leader of the ruling Awami League said people "  spontaneously cast votes and rejected  the  opposition 's violent activities . " "  It 's a victory of democracy , " Tofail Ahmed told reporters . Police officials reported violence in many parts of the country as opposition activists hoping to foil elections clashed with officers . Police in some areas told CNN they fired tear gas and shots at protesters who tried to attack polling stations . The capital of Dhaka was largely peaceful , but voter turnout was low . "  Presence of voters today is lower than any other time of voting , " said Gazi Aslim Uddin , a presiding officer at a voting station in old Dhaka . Opposition protesters do n't trust Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and her administration and want a neutral caretaker government to oversee the vote to make sure it is fair . But that caretaker system was scrapped a few years ago . With mistrust mounting , Bangladesh has seen a series of incidents of deadly street violence over the elections in recent months . Local civic groups and international communities urged the government to cancel the voting and reschedule the elections . The largest opposition party , the Bangladesh Nationalist Party , and its allies boycotted Sunday 's elections and enforced a general strike to thwart voting . Attackers torched about 150 polling centers and election materials nationwide . The boycott was expected to ensure a victory for the ruling Awami League party . Violence stopped voting at some centers , the country 's chief election commissioner said , and officials plan to hold new polls at those locations on January 24 . Senior BNP leader Osman Farruk demanded cancellation of the elections results and called for fresh elections under a neutral caretaker government . The election unrest underscores persistent problems in the South Asian nation , a country grappling with grinding poverty , political instability and development challenges . Bangladesh protesters torch schools marked as voting centers Journalist Tania Rashid contributed to this report .	NEW : Election-related violence nationwide leaves at least 16 dead NEW : The country 's largest opposition party protests against "  farcical polls " NEW : A leader of the ruling Awami League says vote was "  victory of democracy "
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Authorities have completed an autopsy of Ram Singh , one of the men accused of gang raping and fatally beating a woman on a New Delhi bus . Police have said Singh hanged himself in jail cell in Tihar Prison on Monday . His lawyer and parents claim he was murdered . It is unclear when the results of the autopsy will be released . "  Ram Singh did not kill himself . He was murdered , " Singh 's father , Mangi Lai , told CNN affiliate CNN-IBN on Monday . Singh 's death in custody sparked harsh criticism of India 's prison system . "  If prisons are to be considered rational institutions , rather than horrible holding pens , then prisoners ' rights should be of utmost importance , and their protection the state 's strongly held commitment , " wrote The Indian Express newspaper in an editorial Tuesday . According to the country 's National Crime Records Bureau  NCRB  , India had 1,382 jails in 2011 with a total capacity to hold 332,782 inmates . However , the occupancy rate in those jails was around 112 % that year , data posted on the bureau website show . Last year , Tihar Prison recorded 18 deaths , including two suicides , according to CNN-IBN . Authorities say Singh was the driver of the bus aboard which several men brutally raped a 23-year-old woman on December 16 . The gang rape , and the woman 's subsequent death from injuries , prompted angry protests over the country 's treatment of women and handling of sexual attacks . Police charged Singh and four other men with murder , rape and kidnapping . Their trial began in February . If convicted , the men could face the death penalty . A sixth suspect is 17 and will be tried separately in juvenile court . The December rape gripped India and led to calls for stricter laws on sexual assault and changes in cultural attitudes toward women . Many Indian women have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , according to the Indian Council on Global Relations .	NEW : The death sparks harsh criticism of India 's prison system It is unclear when the autopsy results will be released The parents of Ram Singh say he was murdered
CNN  -- A sailor found dead earlier this week at California 's Camp Pendleton was shot while standing sentry , and a fire was set in an attempt to cover up evidence , the U.S. Navy said . Seaman August Provost , shown on his MySpace page , was killed while on sentry duty at Camp Pendleton . The death of Seaman August Provost of Houston , Texas , is being investigated as a homicide , Capt. Matt Brown told reporters on Thursday . A sailor is in custody in the case , Brown said . Although at least one of Provost 's relatives said she believes he was killed because of his sexual orientation and his race , Brown said there was no indication the killing was a hate crime . A U.S. congressman also said on Friday there are indications Provost may have been killed because of his sexual orientation . Provost was killed while he was standing guard as a sentry for the Assault Craft Unit 5 compound at Camp Pendleton , Brown said . He had begun the shift at 11:30 p.m. Tuesday , and his body was discovered by his replacement around 3:30 a.m. Wednesday . "  Preliminarily , it appears that Seaman Provost suffered gunshot wounds and it appears that someone attempted to destroy evidence by lighting a fire at Seaman Provost 's assigned place of duty , " Brown said . Provost 's aunt , Rose Roy , of Beaumont , Texas , said by telephone on Friday that her nephew had told her he was being harassed because of his sexual orientation and because he was African-American . She described him as bisexual . "  He mentioned it to me and a couple other family members , " she said of the harassment , and said he had first told her about it sometime last year . "  He was frustrated by it , " she said . She said she had advised him to speak to someone of higher rank , but said she was n't sure if he had done so . "  He went to serve and protect , but he did n't get the protection , " she said . Brown said Thursday that he had no information on claims of harassment . Asked whether she believed her nephew was killed because of race and sexual orientation , she said , "  In my heart , I do . " She added , "  it was like an execution-style killing , and nobody does that unless you have that kind of hatred in your heart . " The Navy has one sailor in custody who "  has been linked to the commission of this crime through both physical evidence and his own statement , " Brown said . Watch Brown talk about the killing as a random act " He did not identify the sailor , who has not been charged with wrongdoing . It is unclear if the sailor served with Provost in the same unit . A second sailor whom authorities initially questioned has since been released , Brown said . He said the Navy has no indication that Provost 's death is a hate crime , although he emphasized the investigation is ongoing . "  What I can tell you , unequivocally at this point , based on the preliminary information that we have , is that regardless of the person standing watch in that sentry station , this crime would have most likely been carried out in the same way , " he said . "  In other words , another sailor could have been on that post and would have been the victim of this crime . " Rep. Bob Filner , a California Democrat , has called for a full and transparent investigation . Asked Friday if Provost was killed because of his sexual orientation , he said , "  There are indications that that 's the case . His family says he was harassed . " Filner said he was on Camp Pendleton hours after Provost 's body was found , although no one told him of the killing . "  When I was on the base for another event , the commander of the base was sitting next to me and never mentioned a word , which I find very strange , " he said . He said he was asking for the "  truth of what happened . " "  We 're going to ask , if I may coin a phrase , and we hope that they tell , " he said . Roy said her nephew was "  a good kid , " who did n't have a "  bad bone in his body " and had loved the Navy . He joined the service in March 2008 , according to Brown . "  He was a people person , " Roy said . "  If he could give you the shirt off his back , he would . " A funeral has been planned for July 10 in Houston , she said . "  We loved him dearly , " she said .	Fire was set to cover up evidence , U.S. Navy says Seaman August Provost 's death being investigated as homicide Congressman calls for investigation of possible hate crime Body was discovered at 3:30 a.m. , during Provost 's shift on sentry duty
London  CNN  -- Royal watchers eagerly await the arrival of a child that will be heir to the British throne . Here 's what you need to know and the latest developments :  Could the world 's media be camped outside the wrong hospital ? Britain 's Telegraph newspaper reports that a contingency plan is in place for Catherine to give birth at the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading , if she goes into labor while staying at her parents ' home in Berkshire , and its swift progress means the journey back to London is impractical .  The Duchess of Cambridge is expected , however , to give birth at the private Lindo wing of St. Mary 's Hospital , next to Paddington Station in London . It 's where William was born . Catherine 's mother , Carole Middleton , is likely to be on hand at the hospital . Why are some babies overdue ?  There 's been plenty of speculation about the baby 's name -- and betting is going strong . The famous Battersea Dogs and Cats Home in London , which takes in and re-homes lost and unwanted pets , has gone a step further and named a litter of kittens after the bookies ' favorites : Alexandra , Charlotte , Elizabeth , Victoria , Grace , James and George .  Queen Elizabeth II is among those keen for the new baby to greet the world . On a visit to northern England Wednesday , she was asked by a little girl whether she wants her great-grandchild to be a boy or a girl . The queen replied : "  I do n't think I mind . I would very much like it to arrive . I 'm going on holiday . "  The Duchess of Cambridge is now overdue . A royal source tells CNN that her due date was July 13 . She and Prince William announced at the start of the year that the baby was due in July , but did not announce the date .  Prince Charles ' wife Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall , said Monday that the family was on tenterhooks for the baby 's arrival -- and suggested it could be very soon . "  We 're all waiting at the end of a telephone , " she said , in an exchange filmed by ITV . "  I hope by the end of the week , he or she will be there . "  The baby will have the title His or Her Royal Highness Prince or Princess  the baby 's name  of Cambridge , St. James 's Palace said this month . However , it could be as long as 10 days before the baby 's name is announced .  Anyone born in Britain on the same day as William and Catherine 's baby will receive a special coin from the Royal Mint : a silver penny , dated 2013 , that will come in a blue pouch for a boy or a pink one for a girl .  The first indication that the royal baby is on its way will be an announcement in the media that the duchess has been admitted to the hospital in the early stages of labor , royal sources tell CNN . The next public announcement is expected to be that of the birth . It will be made in the form of a formal bulletin , signed by medical staff and rushed in a car with a police escort to Buckingham Palace . There , the notice will be placed in a gilt frame positioned on an easel -- the same one used to announce William 's birth -- and placed in the palace forecourt for all to see .  The first to know about the royal baby will be Queen Elizabeth II , Prime Minister David Cameron and the governors general of each of the commonwealth nations , along with the rest of the royal and Middleton families . If the baby arrives in the middle of the night , it 's unlikely the queen will be awoken , so there is a chance in that instance that an official announcement will not be made until the following morning .  Celebratory gun salutes will be sounded by the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery in Green Park  41 rounds  and the Honorable Artillery Company at the Tower of London  62 rounds  after the baby is born .  William and Catherine did not want to know the sex of their baby beforehand , royal sources say . There has been speculation it is a girl , however , especially after a member of the public said in March that the duchess almost uttered "  daughter " while at a public event in Grimsby . The woman said the duchess was given a teddy bear and replied , "  Thank you , I will take that for my d -- " but then stopped herself .  The baby will be third in line to the throne after Prince Charles and Prince William , regardless of gender . A rule change in 2011 ended centuries of male primogeniture , which decreed that the crown passed to the eldest son and was bestowed on a daughter only when there were no sons . It means that if the next royal baby is a girl , she will eventually become queen ; previously , a younger male sibling would have taken precedence .  The queen 's cousin , Margaret Rhodes , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour she hoped the child would have a normal childhood . "  I imagine and hope that its early life , until it 's at least in its teens , will be just a jolly , happy , ordinary child 's life , " she said .  It 's not known where the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge plan to spend the days and weeks following the birth . William is expected to be given the usual paternity leave of two weeks by the Ministry of Defence , royal sources say . He will then return to his job as a helicopter search and rescue pilot .  The revelation that Catherine was pregnant came after she was admitted to a London hospital in December for acute morning sickness .	A contingency plan is in place for Catherine to give birth near her parents ' home , media report A royal source says Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , is overdue The queen does n't mind if the baby 's a boy or a girl -- she just wants it to arrive soon Bookies ' favorite baby names include Alexandra , Elizabeth , Charlotte , George and James
CNN  -- Baseball scouts found Hank Aaron hitting cross-handed in Mobile , Alabama . They found Mickey Mantle outrunning the wind in northeast Oklahoma . They even found a former drug addict and felon turned outfielder , Ron LeFlore , in a Michigan state prison . "  We are very happy . This is a big opportunity , " Rinku Singh says of his new job . The latest discoveries are from the countryside . The Indian countryside . Two pitchers , both as rural as hay , are now working for the Pittsburgh Pirates . Rinku Singh and Dinesh Patel are the first baseball players from India to sign a professional baseball contract . They 're entering pro baseball , a religious cult of its own with tobacco-spitting high priests , superstitions and unwritten rules of the clubhouse and the field "  Sir , we are very excited , " Singh said with stunning reverence compared with most American 19-year-olds . Baseball is a game that rewards fresh young arms that can throw with velocity . Patel is 19 years old , a muscular 5 feet , 11 inches tall and right-handed . Singh is 20 years old and a 6-foot-tall 180-pound lefthander . Watch Singh and Patel discuss their new sport " Both have thrown the ball past the vaunted 90 mile per hour mark on a radar gun . Their passage from India began with a reality show , "  The Million Dollar Arm " competition , staged from Mumbai to Delhi . Los Angeles , California-based sports agent J.B. Bernstein got the idea that somewhere in a country of 1.1 billion people , they could find humans who could throw the ball 85 mph or better . The winner of the contest would get to come to America to learn how to pitch . For the Indian men , many meal-skipping poor , baseball represented a chance to throw their way out of poverty . More than 37,000 competitors crossed rivers , walked , rode , drove and bicycled over paved and unpaved roads and dirt paths . They pitched in all sorts of unconventional manners , often a hurl of the baseball in a modified cricket style . "  We even had a guy in Bangalore named Babu who drove a three-wheeler cab , " Bernstein explained . "  He threw 81 miles per hour barefooted . He actually made it to a tie-breaker to qualify for the finals but ultimately was eliminated . " Singh and Patel , two former javelin throwers who picked up a baseball for the first time this year , changed their lives with throws faster than 85 mph . Goodbye to villages where their parents earn about $ 25 a week , hello to training in Los Angeles . "  The biggest surprise here , sir , is the rules of the road here , " Patel said , alluding to India 's dangerous driving . "  People respect safe driving here . " The young men arrived in the United States to work with a master , Tom House , the University of Southern California pitching coach . House has a Ph.D. in psychology , preaches pitcher-specific strength drills and taught Nolan Ryan , Randy Johnson and other legends of the craft . "  The idea is that getting somebody brand new , with no bad habits , would be easier than trying to teach somebody to undo bad habits , " House said . House adds that already , the pitchers are good mentally and physically . So House is teaching his pupils the art of deception , changing the speeds of their pitches , throwing to different locations : high and tight , low and outside . "  We have learned three pitches : breaking ball , fastball and change-up , " Singh said . "  We are very happy . This is a big opportunity . " It 's also high-voltage culture shock . Halloween with horrifying costumes , drunken revelry and women in various states of undress blew the minds of the Indian pitchers , both are Hindus raised on reverence and modesty . "  I could n't believe the first time I saw Halloween here , " Patel said in astonishment . "  I saw students in crazy costumes . People were going crazy . " House says his pupils will have to get used to the customs of baseball , from being asked to knock down a hitter with an inside pitch to knowing not to waste throwing a curveball on a three-ball , one-strike count when up by 10 runs . "  That 's going to be their hardest adjustment , " House said . "  It 's going to be a cram course . They 'll figure it out and probably have their feelings hurt or be confused early on . " But House predicts that the amiable pitchers will be embraced and soon learn about spitting sunflower seeds , or putting shaving cream in an unsuspecting teammate 's cap . "  Baseball is a funny game , " Patel said with a smile , flashing teeth as white as a newly unwrapped baseball . For the pitchers from India , the levity of baseball diamond got interrupted by the terror being played out on television as they watched the details of the recent Mumbai terrorist attacks on CNN . "  It is very sad , " Singh said . "  We just pray for everyone in India . " The young men are back at home in India now , where they say they are fortunate that none of their loved ones was killed or hurt . Once they return , they will eventually wind up on the mound in Bradenton , Florida , for Pittsburgh Pirates spring training . When Singh and Patel face their first opponents off on some practice field , no doubt the echoes of Tom House will be heard . "  So you wan na throw hard , " House urged . "  Think hard . Think hard thoughts . " The pitching guru will also steer them through those times when an ornery coach might live up to the Housian theory of baseball being a kid 's game run by negative adults in a culture of misinformation . "  The really good thing is , they 're not going to understand 90 percent of the negativity . " House said . "  My mom used to say ignorance is bliss . So their lack of understanding of the politics of the game will be a plus for them . " The Pirates players will also need to adjust to their teammates Between games , Singh and Patel wo n't be eating cheeseburgers on the road , as cows are sacred to their Hindu beliefs . It 's on to the world of pro baseball , sidestepping tobacco juice and the smell of new leather gloves . The baseball scouts have found two true country boys from India , who both have great arms and cows as pets .	Two young men sign contracts with Pittsburgh Pirates They took part in Indian reality show searching for next great pitchers Noted coach Tom House is teaching them the rules of the game "  Baseball is a funny game , " one says
CNN  The Tuskegee Airmen -- the proud , pioneering group of World War II African-American fighter pilots and service personnel -- lost two more members last week . Clarence Huntley Jr. and Joseph Shambrey both died in Los Angeles on January 5 . Their deaths were confirmed by Craig Huntly , Clarence Huntley 's nephew . The two men , who were lifelong friends and born within six weeks of one another , were 91 . "  They were friends before they joined the Army , " said Huntly .  The different spelling is deliberate , he said , a product of family tinkering .  "  They did n't go to school together , but in the black community in Los Angeles , mostly everybody knew everybody . " There are no concise numbers for the total number of Tuskegee Airmen , the first African-American military aviators in the U.S. service corps . The group is generally said to consist of anybody who went through the "  Tuskegee Experience , " the Army Air Corps program established to train African-Americans for the war effort , according to Tuskegee Airmen Inc. , a group devoted to the history of the Airmen . Tuskegee 's historic love story "  The Tuskegee Airmen included pilots , navigators , bombardiers , maintenance and support staff , instructors , and all the personnel who kept the planes in the air , " the group 's website states . Famous Airmen include Benjamin O. Davis Jr. , who became the Air Force 's first black general . Their story was told in the 2012 George Lucas-produced film "  Red Tails . " Ron Brewington , a historian of the Airmen , estimates that there are 200 known survivors left of the Tuskegee Experience , though the number may be higher . There are just 20 left in the Los Angeles chapter ; three have died in the past three months , said Brewington . Given that trainees went through the program from 1941 to 1949 , it 's a safe assumption that any survivors are in their 80s or older today -- and like other World War II veterans , their numbers are dwindling . As of July , about 1 million World War II veterans were still alive , of the 16 million who served . According to the Veterans Administration  PDF  , about 400 die every day . "  These guys and gals are in their 90s , " observed Brad Lang , a leader of the CAF Red Tail Squadron , another organization devoted to spreading the word about the Airmen . Brewington said that one Airman he knows of is 105 , the oldest known living Airman . Clarence Huntley trained as a mechanic and was crew chief of a plane called Skipper 's Darlin ' III . In 2011 , he had a chance to sit in the P-51 red-tailed Mustang that the CAF Red Tail Squadron takes across the country , the first time he 'd sat in the cockpit of a Mustang in decades , CAF Red Tail 's newsletter observed back then . What 's more , "  he was wearing the same jacket he wore " in a 1944 photograph of himself in the plane , the newsletter said . Lang recalls that Huntley had a spring in his step , hopping into the cockpit like a much younger man . Lang flew the plane in to California , where "  Uncle Buddy , " as Huntley was called , was one of many who visited it . Huntly , the nephew , said his uncle was proud of his service , though "  he did n't talk about it much . " Just 19 when he enlisted , Huntley saw the brutal segregation of Alabama -- much different than the culture he left in Los Angeles -- and the bombing of an Italian airfield where he was stationed . He also saw the 1944 eruption of Mount Vesuvius , the last time that famed volcano blew . He spent his post-military career as a skycap at Los Angeles International and Burbank airports . Shambrey was a supervisor for the Los Angeles County Department of Parks and Recreation . A call to his son , Timothy , had n't been returned at publication time . Their example , and that of so many others , is important to acknowledge , said Brewington , who served 22 years in the Navy . "  They made it easier for me , and I 'm trying to make it easier for others , " he said . "  The passing of the Airmen makes our mission all the more important to carry on so their story is not lost but continues to serve as a legacy of inspiration , " said CAF Red Tail administrator LaVone Kay . In 2012 : Former Tuskegee airman dies	Two Tuskegee Airmen died in Los Angeles last week The Airmen were pioneering African-Americans Perhaps about are 200 still alive , says historian
CNN  -- A razor blade sitting in a blood-splattered bathroom sink . A bacteria-infested toilet seat that would n't be welcome in a gas station . Open lesions and gray , jagged teeth peeking out from behind chapped lips . These are images that have become hard to ignore in some parts of the United States . But that 's exactly what the creative team behind The Meth Project 's public service announcements intended . Their graphic , hard-hitting campaign is meant to educate people about the dangers of using methamphetamine , an addictive drug that can severely alter a person 's brain activity . The fuzzy bear who politely asked us not to start forest fires has been replaced by the bruised and battered teenager prostituting herself for a hit of meth . But Lenora Patterson says that should n't really be startling to anyone . "  The campaigns needed to change because the kids changed , " said Patterson , an assistant principal at Riverwood International Charter School in Georgia , which is the most recent state to air The Meth Project ads . "  They need that shock value , " she said . "  Kids these days are different from kids back then . They 're exposed to things earlier and so the content has to be more raw . But it has the same effect of deterring students or children as it did back then . " Paid-media campaigns such as The Meth Project pay for air time , allowing the ads to be more graphic than donated media , said Peggy Conlon , the president and CEO of Ad Council . It produces PSAs that are created pro bono by volunteer advertising agencies . However , she said , some media outlets will turn down an ad if it 's causing viewers to change the channel , despite losing money . "  You run the danger , with really graphic depictions , of turning people off , " Conlon said . "  There needs to be a delicate balance . " The Meth Project ads portray young adults ' transformations from first-time users to blown-out addicts , thriving on gore and shock-value . But they 're trying to educate about the dangers of trying meth "  just this once , " which is what Nitsa Zuppas said they set out to do . Zuppas is executive director of the Siebel Foundation , the organization that founded The Meth Project . She said the goal was to produce PSAs that mirrored the content their target audience -- teens and young adults -- is used to . "  They 're used to consuming very loud and hard-hitting media , " she said . "  Sadly  meth  happens to be a drug with really scary consequences . We wanted to show  those consequences  . " Despite the graphic nature of the PSAs , they have appeared in prime-time slots in the eight states with which The Meth Project works . Montana was the first state to air the ads in 2005 . And though the commercials may not sit well with every viewer , they have certainly generated buzz , much like the gruesome PSA for texting and driving that aired in the United Kingdom in 2009 , Conlon said . The ad features a car carrying teenage girls . The driver , who was attempting to send a text message from behind the wheel , crashes and the scene that follows is graphic . While graphic PSAs seem to strike a chord with viewers , Ad Council 's Conlon said the subject matter and the target audience both dictate the tone the ad will take . For example , Ad Council 's "  buzzed driving " campaign infuses gore with humor to get through to teens and young adults . They did so by explaining that driving buzzed is just as dangerous as driving drunk . Then there 's health care company GlaxoSmithKline 's recent cervical cancer PSA that debuted during the Oscars in March . The ad pulls viewers in with the promise of a new perfume before flipping the switch . "  Maybe it 's unfair to get your attention this way , but nothing 's fair about cervical cancer , " a voice-over says . Are viewers so desensitized that they need fake fragrances and graphic images to get their attention ? MTV does n't think so . The network uses humor in their newest campaign Get Yourself Tested , or GYT , meant to get teens and young adults talking about sexually transmitted disease prevention . "  STDs are heavily stigmatized , " said Jason Rzepka , vice president of MTV 's public affairs department . "  They 're something people do n't want to talk about ... We 've seen from past efforts in sexual health that the humorous approach helps to break the barriers and make it something a little more acceptable . " In contrast to The Meth Project 's approach , Rzepka said it was important to him that the PSAs not scare the audience , but empower them . "  The humorous approach acts as an ice breaker to make it easier to talk about the subject , " he said , adding that humor is not always an appropriate medium to discuss difficult topics .	Paid-media campaigns are able to be more graphic than donated media "  You run the danger , with  graphic PSAs  , of turning people off , " Conlon said Though every viewer wo n't agree with gory PSAs , the ads have generated buzz
CNN  -- When Russian Minister of Defense Sergei Shoigu stated that the Russian troops along Ukraine 's borders were only conducting "  training exercises " and have no "  intention to cross Ukraine 's borders or to engage in any aggressive actions , " Ukrainians rolled their eyes . And when President Vladimir Putin told Ukrainians "  Do n't believe those who terrify you with Russia , who shout that other regions will follow Crimea . We do not want Ukraine 's division . ... We want Ukraine to be a strong , sovereign , and self-sufficient state , " Ukrainians shrugged . The problem is , even if Putin and Shoigu were being sincere , Moscow has lost all credibility among most Ukrainians and the international community . After three weeks of aggressive Russian behavior and the possibility of existential annihilation , Ukrainians , like Israelis , prefer to think in terms of worst-case scenarios . After all , they blithely assumed Russia would never attack -- and then Russia seized Crimea . They never imagined that Russian officials would treat their country as an object of abject scorn . They never suspected that thousands of Russians would chant anti-Ukrainian war slogans in the streets of Moscow . In each instance , Ukrainians ' working assumption of a friendly Russia proved dead wrong . They also never imagined that the Yanukovych regime had so thoroughly permitted Ukraine 's defensive capacity to deteriorate , by sacrificing Ukrainian security on the altar of the Yanukovych family 's untrammeled accumulation of power and embezzlement of state funds . A political scientist at Kiev 's elite Mohyla University has stated that he is not "  not optimistic about Ukraine maintaining the integrity of even its mainland territorial borders " until the end of March and has evacuated his family from the capital . A friend in Lviv tells me that "  an invasion and war are unavoidable . " An American businessman in Kiev writes : "  I believe we are closer to World War III than we have ever been . " In many parts of the country , Ukrainians have taken to preparing little suitcases with all the necessities -- just in case they have to flee at a moment 's notice . Ukrainians ' jitters are perfectly understandable . Ukrainian officials say that 80,000 Russian troops and heavy armor are amassed on Ukraine 's borders . Putin claims to have the right to intervene anywhere in Ukraine if and when he deems that Russian citizens are being threatened . He and myriad Russian policymakers routinely insist that Ukrainians are really Russians and that Ukraine is an artificial entity . Thus far , Moscow refuses to recognize the democratic government in Kiev and claims that it is no longer bound by the 1994 Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances . Because of Russia 's occupation of Crimea and Putin 's militarist rhetoric , many Ukrainians are certain that war is inevitable . Prime Minister Arsenii Yatseniuk warned Moscow on March 20 that Ukraine 's response to a Russian invasion would be vigorous . Kiev has already begun improving its defensive capabilities . On March 17 , the Ukrainian Parliament allocated 6.9 billion hryvnia -- about $ 684 million -- to defense . In the last few weeks , Ukrainian armed forces , tanks and other defensive weapons have been deployed along the country 's border with Russia . The number of border guards along Ukraine 's southeastern borders has also increased . Kherson province is planning to build a 20-kilometer long ditch along its border with Crimea . A National Guard has been formed , and its ranks are to consist of 20,000 troops . The Ukrainian Security Service appears also to have become more active in Ukraine 's vulnerable southeastern provinces . No less important , the population is determined to resist and sales of guns have far outstripped supply . Thinking in more long-term categories , former Minister of Foreign Affairs Volodymyr Ohryzko has even suggested that Ukraine exit the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and initiate the "  process of uranium enrichment . " American provision of non-lethal military equipment and advisers would also go a long way to improving Ukraine 's deterrent capacity . Kiev 's defensive efforts may or may not be enough to stop a possible Russian attack , but they would certainly make it far more difficult , risky , and bloody -- which may be enough to deter Moscow . Alternatively , these efforts may just induce Russia to seek less frontal modes of undermining Ukraine . After all , any potential Russian assault on mainland Ukraine would rest on three pillars : an invasion by the army , the agitation by pro-Putin "  fifth columns " within Ukraine , and the diversionary activities of Russian secret agents and special forces tasked with sowing panic , sabotaging transportation and communications , and attacking military bases and arms depots . Although Ukraine appears to have the capacity to neutralize internal threats , a concerted long-term Russian effort at stoking instability could lay the groundwork for a later invasion or , at the very least , divert Kiev 's attention from the pressing cause of economic and political reform . While Ukraine 's security may or may not be enhanced by most of these measures , the irony is that Russia 's definitely will not be -- at least in the medium to long term . Putin 's seizure of Crimea may have provided him with the opportunity to beat his chest before adoring Russian crowds , but it will eventually undermine Russian security . Ukraine is and will remain too weak to be a threat . And on its own , no country in Russia 's "  near abroad " can pose a threat . Even taken together , the non-Russians will be weaker than Russia . But Putin 's land grab will make all of them inclined to regard Russia as a potentially land-grabbing foe and to promote their own security independently of Russia and outside of any Russian-led blocs or unions . Expect the Central Asians and Azerbaijanis to turn increasingly to China and Turkey , and the Georgians , Moldovans , Ukrainians , and even the Belarusians to head for the West . Also expect the Russian Federation 's non-Russian autonomous republics and regions to press for greater autonomy from Moscow . If Putin could just put aside his hypernationalist neo-imperialism and think straight about what 's good for Russia , he 'd try to nip the problem in the bud . A sober Russia would then withdraw all the forces that are engaged in "  exercises " along Ukraine 's borders and agree to a significant force reduction in Crimea . A sober Russia would also explicitly state that it recognizes the Budapest Memorandum and the current Ukrainian government . That last point is essential . As long as the Kremlin insists that the Kiev government is illegitimate , it will always be able to claim that its behavior toward Ukraine 's Russian minority is also illegitimate and , hence , liable to correction by means of Russian intervention . Seen in this light , annexing Crimea has to be one of Putin 's worst strategic blunders . Had the province become "  independent , " there would still have been a theoretical possibility of finding some accommodation with Kiev . After annexation , any dialogue with the Ukrainian government -- and , thus , any resolution of the Russo-Ukrainian conflict -- becomes significantly more difficult . It 's perfectly possible that Putin wants the conflict to remain unresolved , on the assumption that it will undermine Ukraine . The problem is that an unresolved conflict will also undermine Russia . As Ukraine and Russia 's other non-Russian neighbors are compelled by Moscow 's aggression to enhance their security , Russia may soon face a nightmare of its own creation -- non-Russian encirclement . When Russians wake up to the reality after the euphoria of Crimea 's annexation wears off , Putin may very well discover that his own security and stability as President are in danger . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alexander Motyl .	Alexander Motyl : Ukrainians do n't believe Russia 's assurances it will not invade He says people are buying guns , leaving town , packing suitcases to be ready for war Motyl : Ukraine is beefing up its decimated defense ; sending troops , tanks to borders Motyl : This may be Putin 's worst strategic move , alienating other small , nearby nations
A day late and a compromise short . House Republicans stayed in Washington longer than planned to try to change an emergency border bill so it can pass without any Democratic help . A split between tea party conservatives and more moderate Republicans over how to respond to the immigrant surge from Central America threatened to further delay the start of the five-week summer break for Congress . GOP leaders abruptly pulled the bill from the House floor on Thursday , to address concerns by some conservative factions . They came back Friday with a revised version that included more money for the National Guard . Among the changes : provisions making it easier to deport children back to Central America and scheduling a separate vote on a bill to deny President Barack Obama the authority to halt deportations of young immigrants -- the so-called "  Dreamers . " In one way , it worked : The updated version passed the House on Friday night , by a 223-189 resoundingly Republican vote . But that does n't mean this legislation is going anywhere . Zero chance That 's because the measure has zero chance of getting through the Democratic-led Senate , meaning Congress will go on its August recess without sending legislation to President Barack Obama on what both parties call a humanitarian crisis . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid confirmed as much Friday , saying "  I do n't think it 's going to get done " because he "  ca n't imagine " the Senate approving the House version . Obama later said the failure of Congress to provide emergency funding in response to the immigrant influx means he must decide how to reallocate resources because "  we 've run out of money " to handle the surge . He blamed overall Washington dysfunction on the inability of congressional Republicans to agree among themselves on what to do , telling reporters that GOP legislators "  are not able to act even on what they say their priorities are " and are unable to compromise because of differences among themselves . Internal division As an example , he cited the refusal by House Speaker John Boehner to hold a vote on a comprehensive Senate immigration reform measure passed last year with bipartisan support from backing from across society including the business community , labor unions and faith-based groups . "  The argument is n't between me and House Republicans , " he said . "  It 's between House Republicans and Senate Republicans . House Republicans and the business community . House Republicans and the evangelical community . " Boehner spokesman Michael Steel shot back that it was Obama 's failed leadership that caused the current border crisis , saying the President has been "  completely AWOL . " For House Republicans , the optics of passing a plan before heading home became the top priority after Senate Democrats were unable to push through their own version , which died Thursday night on a procedural vote . Steel pushed that point , noting that "  Senate Democrats have left town without acting on " Obama 's request for emergency funds . " "  Right now , House Republicans are the only ones still working to address this crisis , " he said . Such is the state of politics in Washington less than four months before congressional elections . The partisan climate is as fierce as ever with conservatives again rising up to challenge establishment priorities and assert their agenda . Immigrant influx The influx of immigrants from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador -- many of them unaccompanied children -- into Texas has overwhelmed border facilities and services , inflaming an already volatile political issue . Obama had asked for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to strengthen border security and speed up the processing of new arrivals , while the Democratic plan scuttled in the Senate called for $ 2.7 billion . The GOP measure in the House slashed that to $ 659 million and included a change to a 2008 anti-trafficking law to make it easier to send home the child immigrants . Tea party Republicans , spurred on by conservative Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , rejected the plan because it failed to limit Obama from acting on his own on immigration issues , such as halting deportations of some child immigrants who arrived years earlier . Unilateral steps They also fear further further unilateral steps signaled by the White House that would allow more undocumented immigrants to work in the United States . Ted Cruz weighs in The conservative backlash forced GOP leaders to cancel a scheduled vote on Thursday night , originally planned as the last session before the summer recess . Instead , the Republican caucus met Friday to revise their plan by adding $ 35 million to help Texas pay for National Guard troops deployed to the border and loosen regulations to ease the ability to send home newly arriving immigrants with no standing to remain in the country . Legislators said after the meeting the changes appeared to secure the necessary support to pass the bill , but some dissatisfaction remained over plans to hold separate votes on the funding measure and a Cruz-backed provision to halt Obama 's unilateral steps on immigration . Obama , however , called the resulting GOP legislation "  the most extreme " version so far and said Republicans knew it had no chance of becoming law because the Democratic-led Senate would n't pass it and he would veto it . Widening gap The changes widened the gap between Republicans and Democrats , who oppose removing guaranteed immigration hearings for child immigrants from Central American now required under the 2008 law . Reid said the House "  appears to be heading from bad to worse " in its effort to secure conservative votes . Thursday 's developments were an embarrassing result for Boehner and his new leadership team put together after former Majority Leader Eric Cantor 's primary defeat last month . The canceled vote and resulting confusion displayed the continuing deep divisions between conservative and more moderate House Republicans that has caused similar episodes in the past on other spending matters . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the administration already has shifted resources from the nation 's interior to the border to try to speed up the processing of new arrivals . Obama also will do what he can to address overall immigration reform because House Republicans have refused to vote on a comprehensive measure passed last year by the Senate , Earnest said . Rubio plunges into immigration debate Crisis impacts public opinion	The GOP-led House passes an immigration bill by a 223-189 vote Democrats , including President Obama , have criticized the measure Senate failed to push through its version and left town for the month of August With no legislation , Obama will act on his own
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court 's decision upholding a piece of Arizona 's controversial immigration law portends such a "  huge " increase in policing for one department that the chief wondered Tuesday if his agency will be able to handle the workload . At a time when the Tucson Police Department is down 160 officers because of a weakened economy , the agency now must make up to 50,000 additional phone calls a year to federal officials to verify the immigration status of persons whom officers have stopped and have reason to believe are in the country illegally , Police Chief Roberto Villaseor said Tuesday . Other law agencies in Arizona , however , reported "  business as usual " a day after the Supreme Court ruling . Just 70 miles from the Mexican border , the Tucson department may have to spend more than $ 10 million a year to book and jail up to 36,000 arrestees also suspected of being illegal immigrants -- a more than 7 % increase to the agency 's $ 130 million budget , Villaseor said . The police chief said he wonders if his 950-officer agency has been dealt an "  impossible mandate . " The state law , SB 1070 , allows citizens to sue his department or others if they fail to enforce federal immigration laws , the chief said . Romney , GOP struggle with immigration issue "  Just for my agency , it will be a huge workload , just making the calls and waiting for a response on what to do , " the police chief of Arizona 's second-largest city said . "  I 'm not sure the federal government is capable of handling all the requests that they will be receiving , " Villaseor added . "  I do n't know what effect it will have on my agency . " Tuesday marked the first 24 hours that state and local law agencies began enforcing the state immigration law since Monday 's court ruling , and law agencies were either engaged in training or rolling out the mandatory immigration checks , said Amy Rezzonico , a spokeswoman for Arizona attorney general 's office . "  I 'm pretty sure it will be business as usual to some degree , " Rezzonico said . Analysis : Five things learned from high court ruling That was the case for the more than 3,100 police officers in Phoenix , the state 's largest city , located 180 miles from the border . A police department spokesman said Tuesday he had no immediate feedback from officers or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on the progress or results of the day 's immigration checks . "  We 're really not attempting a big shift from what we 're doing now , " said spokesman Sgt. Tommy Thompson . "  I think there 's a misconception that police officers in Arizona are going to go out and hunt down people who are illegally in the United States . "  I am mandated to make a reasonable attempt to contact ICE , " Thompson said . "  It 's 107 in Phoenix today . How long am I going to stand on the side of the road with someone  awaiting an ICE response  ? It 's a matter of minutes -- 20 minutes maybe , 30 minutes maybe . " Groups say immigration fight is changing Arizona Concerns by lawmen such as Villaseor unfolded as President Barack Obama and Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer squared off about the impact of Monday 's U.S. Supreme Court ruling that upheld the "  show-me-your-papers " provision -- but struck down other portions of the state law intended to deter illegal immigration . Already , the Obama administration has indicated it wo n't allow Arizona 's immigration priorities to become federal priorities . The administration has ended the so-called 287  g  agreements with Arizona , under which state and local law agencies entered into a partnership with the Department of Homeland Security and were delegated authority for immigration enforcement within their jurisdictions . Also , the administration recently halted deportations of DREAM Act-eligible immigrants -- young adult undocumented immigrants -- as it will redirect resources to deporting those who are deemed a greater threat , such as criminals . The White House highlighted its tougher approach on criminals in announcing a record number of deportations last year . In denouncing some of those Obama measures , Arizona 's Brewer said further lawsuits lay ahead on the immigration status checks , and pledged , "  This certainly is not the end of our journey . " The portion of the state law validated by the high court is potent , one expert said . "  If you read the statute carefully , it literally creates an obligation for all law enforcement agencies to determine status of individuals , " said Marc Miller , a vice dean and law professor at the University of Arizona . "  By making it a mandate and lining it up against the warnings of the Supreme Court , it 's created an impossibly difficult question for police and sheriffs . Are we concerned about racial profiling ? Absolutely . " But how police will apply the law -- requiring immigration checks while enforcing other laws if "  reasonable suspicion " of illegal immigration exists -- is "  confusing , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  What does it look like in the real world to have reasonable suspicion that someone is here illegally ? What is a police officer supposed to do ? " Toobin asked . "  How to apply that in the real world is kind of mysterious to me . " At least two sheriffs in Arizona said that the law wo n't result in great change for their departments . A changing national mood on immigration ? Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik said his deputies will continue to call the Border Patrol to determine a person 's immigration status if a deputy suspects that person is in the country illegally . That will result in about 100 referrals a month to the Border Patrol , he said . "  We 're continuing to do business as usual , " said Dupnik , who 's been sheriff for 32 years . Dupnik said he opposed SB 1070 because if the entire law had been upheld by the federal courts , it would have resulted in overcrowded jails and overburdened state courts . "  The more important thing is how the chief of a law enforcement agency chooses to enforce the law , " Dupnik said . For example , other counties do immigration sweeps , but not his , he said . "  Law enforcement did not ask for this law , " Dupnik said . "  Law enforcement did not need this law . " Santa Cruz County Sheriff Tony Estrada said the validated portion of the law marked "  very little change " for his department . His county shares a 50-mile border with Mexico and is a major corridor for smuggling of drugs and illegal migrants . His 39 officers will continue to call any of the 1,000 U.S. Border Patrol agents in his county to conduct immigration checks , he said . "  Our concern is the public perception of what we are doing , " he said . He fears Latinos wo n't ask for help and witnesses wo n't come forward , he said . "  The Hispanics will look at us a little differently , and that concerns me , " Estrada said . Merchants and residents of the Latino community reported anxiety and fear among clientele and neighbors . Phoenix taqueria owner Hector Manrique said Tuesday that business has been dropping since the law was proposed in 2010 ; he predicted it will get worse now that the Supreme Court has ruled . "  It 's bad for the Hispanic community , " said Manrique , a native of Mexico who has been in Phoenix since 1990 and has run the Taqueria Guadalajara since 2003 . "  It seemed like everybody kind of forgot about it for a little bit and now , all of a sudden , I 've got friends who were talking to me yesterday , and they 're pretty scared because they 've got kids , they 've got family to support . " Kelly Ramirez , 31 , of Tucson , a real estate broker and business owner , said many Latino immigrants do n't know the details of the law , but they do know something has changed . "  They ca n't really look into it , so what they 'll do is they 'll hide , " she said . "  There 's going to be less conversation , less help from individuals that maybe are n't doing anything wrong but know of somebody that is . " Russell Pearce , the former Republican state senator who authored SB 1070 and then was ousted from office in a recall election in his suburban Phoenix district last year , told CNN Tuesday that accusations of possible racial profiling were "  demeaning to law enforcement . " "  An officer is trained to pay attention to things that do n't fit . All this bill does is allow them to ask the questions they need to ask , " Pearce said . Opinion : How Arizona law hurts Hispanic citizens CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Melissa Abbey and Kelly Andersen contributed to this report .	Tucson chief worries about $ 10 million cost and 50,000 immigration checks Phoenix police begin enforcing law but have no immediate feedback from officers Two sheriffs report business as usual Experts raise questions about racial profiling under the immigration check law
CNN  -- A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that a cross displayed on public property for nearly a century is unconstitutional . Three versions of the Christian symbol have been erected atop 822-foot Mount Soledad in the posh La Jolla neighborhood of San Diego , California , since 1913 . The current 43-foot cross was erected in 1954 in honor of Korean War veterans and has been the subject of near constant judicial back and forth since 1989 , when two Vietnam War veterans filed suit against the city , saying it violated the California Constitution 's "  No Preference " clause . The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals rejected the notion that the cross -- since the late 1990s surrounded by plaques and paving stones honoring veterans and war dead -- was solely a memorial . "  The use of such a distinctively Christian symbol to honor all veterans sends a strong message of endorsement and exclusion , " the court said in its ruling . "  It suggests that the government is so connected to a particular religion that it treats that religion 's symbolism as its own , as universal . To many non-Christian veterans , this claim of universality is alienating . " The court also noted that the site had , for most of history , been used for Easter services -- marked on maps until the late 1980s as the "  Mount Soledad Easter Cross " -- and was designated a war memorial with a plaque "  only after the legal controversy began in the late 1980s . " "  It was not until the late 1990s that veterans ' organizations began holding regular memorial services at the site , " the court said . And the court rejected arguments that the cross at a war memorial was no different than any other memorial that includes a cross . "  This war memorial -- with its imposing Cross -- stands as an outlier among war memorials , even those incorporating crosses , " the ruling says . "  Contrary to any popular notion , war memorials in the United States have not traditionally included or centered on the cross and , according to the parties ' evidence , there is no comparable memorial on public land in which the cross holds such a pivotal and imposing stature , dwarfing by every measure the secular plaques and other symbols commemorating veterans . " The ruling will almost certainly be appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court . Since the first lawsuit in 1989 , the city of San Diego twice tried selling the property beneath the cross to the Mount Soledad Memorial Association , only to be stopped by the courts : once for failing to solicit bids and once for violating California 's "  No Preference " clause for giving "  substantial financial advantage to bidders " who intended to leave the cross in place . By the late 1990s , with the association maintaining the property , the cross became a more extensive war memorial , with stone plaques and paving stones honoring veterans and other accoutrements of a memorial . In 2004 , the city , the plaintiffs and the association reached an agreement that would move the cross to a nearby church , but two Republican congressmen intervened and inserted a rider into the 2005 omnibus budget bill that designated the property as a national veterans memorial and authorized the federal government to accept the donation of the property . But the San Diego City Council refused to donate the property after the city attorney wrote that the transfer likely would violate both the federal and state constitutions . Facing pressure from a new association formed to "  save the Mount Soledad cross , " the city reversed its decision and instead put the matter to a vote , which passed handily . More court filings followed , and in June 2006 , three Republican congressmen pushed through a bill calling for the government to seize the property by eminent domain -- calling it "  a historically significant war memorial . " The federal government took possession in August . Two lawsuits were filed challenging the transfer almost immediately : one by Steve Trunk and Philip Paulson and the other by Jewish War Veterans of the United States . The district court consolidated the cases and eventually ruled in favor of the government . Trunk , Paulson and the Jewish War Veterans appealed , leading to Friday 's ruling .	A cross has been atop San Diego 's Mount Soledad since 1913 Supporters of the cross say it is the centerpiece of a war memorial The appeals court saw no evidence of a war memorial until after lawsuits were filed
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Nine people were killed in an explosion Wednesday in northwestern Pakistan , authorities said . Police suspect the blast on the outskirts of Peshawar targeted a vehicle carrying Pakistani air force officials , they said . Pedestrians and shoppers died , and three officers were among more than two dozen people injured , said government official Javid Marwat and Peshawar Police Chief Tahir Ayub . The explosion destroyed a van and nearby shops . Police are working to find out where the bomb was planted . Pakistani TV showed the wreckage of the van and emergency crews carrying away bloodied victims . Peshawar is the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and the gateway to Pakistan 's tribal region , which is largely ungoverned and has a strong militant presence . For more than a decade , Peshawar has been the front line for the Pakistani government 's fight with militant groups .	NEW : Pakistani air force officials in a targeted vehicle were injured , officials say Explosion also injures more than two dozen people The blast occurs on the outskirts of Peshawar , Pakistan
CNN  -- Chelsea extended their lead in the English title race with a 2-0 win over London neighbors Arsenal at Stamford Bridge on Sunday while the misery continues for 18-time champions Liverpool . Goals in either half from Didier Drogba and Alex leave Chelsea four points clear of big-spending Manchester City . They beat Newcastle 2-1 in an earlier kickoff while Liverpool went down 2-1 at home to newly-promoted minnows Blackpool . Charlie Adam 's penalty and a fine goal from Luke Varney put Ian Holloway 's men two up by halftime . Sotirios Kyrgiakos pulled a goal back in the second half but Roy Hodgson 's strugglers could not force an equalizer and they stay in the bottom three . The match was preceded by a protest against the team 's American owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks and by the finish the fans were even more disillusioned . To add to their misery , star striker Fernando Torres limped off after just 10 minutes with a groin injury and it was the signal for Blackpool to claim three points with an attacking approach which stunned the hosts . Varney was clumsily upended by England international Glen Johnson to concede a penalty and Adam easily beat Pepe Reina from the spot . And as half-time approached , Varney finished off a superb move to beat Reina . Kyrgiakos scored with a strong header from a Steven Gerrard free kick to give Liverpool hope and Joe Cole came close to an equalizer , but the final whistle was greeted by jeers for Hodgson and his team . "  Their great result is our nightmare result , " he acknowledged . "  It is a very bad day and there is nothing I can say . "  At the moment things look bleak and really bad and it is difficult for me to put a bright face upon it , " he told gathered reporters . Later , Chelsea maintained their recent dominance of Arsenal with a vital victory , Drogba putting them ahead just before the break after the the visitors had the better of the early play . He backheeled Ashley Cole 's low cross into the net for his 13th goal against Arsene Wenger 's side in 11 starts . Defender Alex sealed the three points with a powerful 25 meter free-kick in the 85th minute to hand the Gunners their second straight league defeat . They are tied on points with north London rivals Tottenham in fourth and fifth positions , seven points behind Chelsea with seven games played . Manchester City are up to second after their victory over a spirited Newcastle . They took the lead through a Carlos Tevez penalty after Mike Williamson pulled down the Argentina international . Newcastle lost Hatem Ben Arfa to a suspected broken leg after a Nigel de Jong challenge , but drew level through a sharp shot from Jonas Gutierrez . Substitute Adam Johnson scored the winner for City in the second half with an equally fine strike . Manchester United are in third place in the early standings , five points behind Chelsea , after their 0-0 draw at Sunderland on Saturday . In other news on Sunday , former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson was confirmed as new manager of struggling second-flight side Leicester City . The Swede has signed a two-year deal at the Walkers Stadium .	Chelsea beat Liverpool 2-0 to extend lead in English title race to four points Goals from Didier Drogba and Alex sink the Gunners at Stamford Bridge Liverpool slump to shock 2-1 home defeat to Blackpool Manchester City beat Newcastle 2-1 at Eastlands to move up to second
CNN  -- It was inevitable that the debate over same-sex marriage would have a strong religious component . This is partly because it involves such questions as the interpretation of biblical passages that , on their face , condemn homosexuality as a sin . But it also involves squaring the authority of ancient texts with modern theological understanding and developments in biology . And of course , the importance of love and human autonomy as religious values should be considered . Those issues surfaced in the various briefs filed in the Supreme Court , some of which are written as if the court must inevitably choose one religious point of view as the winner and the other as the loser . This is a false choice . The Court can make all winners , or at least avoid allowing one side to suppress the other 's deepest beliefs . The U.S. Supreme Court has not been asked -- nor could it possibly answer -- the question of what God or the Bible thinks about same-sex marriage . Religious groups are divided on that question , some supporting and others opposing same-sex marriage . And even if the religious viewpoint were clear , it should play no direct role in deciding whether the Constitution requires the states or the federal government to recognize same-sex marriage . Our government should not act to further one or another religious view of contested moral issues . Opinion : The real ` modern family ' in America Neither the court nor government may referee religious disputes . Under the Constitution , religious groups are free to urge and put into practice their different visions of the good , of moral life , and compete for adherents in the marketplace of ideas . Winners and losers are determined by the "  votes " of individuals and congregations , of believers and nonbelievers , not by government bodies . Neither can citizens opposed to same-sex marriage demand that the government refuse recognition to such marriages in order to avoid offending their religious sensibilities . Religious liberty , as the American Jewish Committee told the Supreme Court recently in a friend-of-the-court brief , does not give anyone the right to demand that someone else be deprived of the "  right to live the most intimate portions of their lives according to their own deepest convictions . " That some religious groups regard same-sex marriage as an "  abomination " does not authorize the government to ban such relationships . That is one price we all pay for protecting religious liberty . Conversely , when government does recognize same-sex marriage , it creates a new set of problems for the liberties of religious believers . These extend well beyond the right of clergy or houses of worship not to perform or host same-sex ceremonies , or the right of religious institutions opposed to same-sex marriage to remain tax exempt . Sutter : The county where no one 's gay Among other likely questions that will arise are these : -- Must rabbis , priests and pastors provide religious marriage counseling to same-sex couples ? -- Must religious colleges provide married-student housing to same-sex couples ? -- Must churches and synagogues employ spouses who are in same-sex marriages , even though such employees would be persistently and publicly flouting the religious teachings they would be hired to promote ? -- Must religious social service agencies place children for adoption with same-sex couples ? Already , Catholic Charities in Illinois , Massachusetts , and the District of Columbia have closed their adoption units because of this issue . Resolving these conflicts will not be easy . In some instances the rights of same-sex couples will unavoidably trump religious liberty rights -- for example , the much discussed question of visits to spouses in intensive care units . But there will be cases where religious liberty will trump , and same-sex couples will have to accept the reality that not everyone accepts their relationships as legitimate . This , too , is a price to be paid for religious liberty . Same-sex couples should not be denied the right to civil marriage ; that is the immediate issue in the cases now before the Supreme Court . And when that right is secured , same-sex couples should not , without very good reason , be allowed to force dissenting religious organizations to recognize or facilitate their marriages . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marc D. Stern .	Marc Stern : The debate over same-sex marriage has a strong religious component Stern : Government should not further one religious view over another on gay marriage He gives an example -- must religious colleges provide housing to same-sex couples ? Stern : A key question is whether recognizing gay marriage infringes upon religious liberty
CNN  -- Abu Yahya al-Libi , the No. 2 man in al Qaeda and a longtime public face of the terrorist network , is dead , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday . Al-Libi 's death was "  another serious blow to core al Qaeda , " said Carney . "  His death is part of the degradation taking place in core al Qaeda in the last several years , " Carney said . Earlier Tuesday , U.S. officials said that al-Libi was killed Monday by a CIA drone strike in Pakistan . Al-Libi 's death marks one of the most significant blows to al Qaeda since the U.S. military killed Osama bin Laden in a daring nighttime raid in Pakistan a year ago . Al-Libi was second-in-command behind al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri , who took the helm after bin Laden 's death . What does this mean for al Qaeda ? "  There is no one who even comes close in terms of replacing the expertise  al Qaeda  has just lost , " said a U.S. official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Al-Libi "  played a critical role in the group 's planning against the West , providing oversight of the external operations efforts , " the official said . "  Zawahiri will be hard-pressed to find any one person who can readily step into Abu Yahya 's shoes , " the official said . "  In addition to his gravitas as a longstanding member of AQ 's leadership , Abu Yahya 's religious credentials gave him the authority to issue fatwas , operational approvals and guidance to the core group in Pakistan and regional affiliates . " Monday 's strike was the third such deadly attack in as many days and the 21st suspected U.S. drone strike in Pakistan this year . At least six missiles were fired at a militant compound near the town of Mir Ali in the North Waziristan region near the Afghanistan border . Official : 15 militants killed in suspected U.S. drone strike in Pakistan Some jihadists do not believe the report and will continue to wage jihad , said the SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors Islamist extremism . "  Most jihadists discussing the issue prayed that Libi is still alive and urged fellow supporters to await confirmation , " the group said on its website . "  Some took the news as fact and prayed that he be accepted by God as a ` martyr . ' One jihadist wrote : ` Just as the Sheikh said more than once , our jihad is not dependent on an individual and not even on a group . So , if al-Qaeda is annihilated hero by hero and only its memory remains  !!  , jihad will remain standing by the command of Allah . ' " Their skepticism may be well-founded . Reports that emerged a couple of years ago that al-Libi was slain proved incorrect . Al Qaeda 's leadership has been so thinned by the U.S. drone campaign in Pakistan that these men were the only two real leaders of the organization left , U.S. counterterrorism officials said , according to CNN Security Analyst Peter Bergen . Al Qaeda offshoots in other parts of the world , such as the group 's affiliate in Yemen , have meanwhile become more potent and worrisome to the United States . An Islamic scholar and high-ranking member of the group , al-Libi frequently appeared in videos posted on the Internet . He delivered speeches praising al Qaeda leaders , urging resistance and trying to recruit new members . "  Al-Libi is a key motivator in the global jihadi movement and his messages convey a clear threat to U.S. persons or property worldwide , " said a "  Wanted " statement posted on the website of the U.S. State Department 's "  Rewards for Justice " program , which offers rewards for information about suspected terrorists . Read more about drones on CNN 's Security Clearance blog "  Al-Libi is believed to be in hiding in Afghanistan or Pakistan , " said the website , which offered a reward of up to $ 1 million for the 49-year-old Libyan . Al-Libi purportedly was among al Qaeda leaders focusing on Libya since last year to establish a presence there . In a video message to fellow Libyans distributed on jihadist forums in December , al-Libi said , "  At this crossroads you have found yourselves : You either choose a secular regime that pleases the greedy crocodiles of the West and for them to use it as a means to fulfill their goals , or you take a strong position and establish the religion of Allah . " Al-Libi was captured in 2002 and imprisoned at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan , according to the U.S. government , but he escaped in 2005 . Al Qaeda 's most wanted In 2008 , a statement posted on radical Islamic websites known to carry messages from al Qaeda described how four "  military leaders " including al-Libi escaped from the prison , but the statement said then that one of the escapees , Abu Abdallah al-Shami , had been killed in a U.S. airstrike . The statement said that , among those escaping with al-Shami , was key al Qaeda figure Omar al-Faruq , who died in a subsequent British airstrike . Another escapee , Abu Nasir al-Qahtani , was captured in Afghanistan in 2006 . Al-Shami 's death left al-Libi as the only remaining member of that escape who had not been killed or captured . President Barack Obama 's administration recently defended its use of unmanned drones to target suspected terrorists overseas in a rare public statement , with John Brennan , the president 's top counterterrorism adviser , saying the strikes are conducted "  in full accordance with the law . " The program uses unmanned aerial vehicles , often equipped with Hellfire missiles , to target suspected terrorists in remote locations overseas , with many such strikes occurring in Yemen and Pakistan , despite internal opposition to the practice within the latter country . Brennan said the United States "  respects national sovereignty and international law " and is guided by the laws of war in ordering those attacks . The Pakistani border area is widely believed to be the operating base for the Haqqani network and other militant groups that have attacked international troops in neighboring Afghanistan . CNN 's Pam Benson , Barbara Starr , Reza Sayah and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Some jihadists do not believe the report , SITE says Al-Libi was killed Monday in a CIA drone strike , officials say He was the No. 2 man in al Qaeda and its face on the Internet The drone strike , in North Waziristan , was the 21st in Pakistan this year
Curitiba , Brazil  CNN  -- More than any single soccer player , the fans took center stage during the World Cup . During the summer , each team 's devotees donned their country 's colors , painted their faces , shouted their songs , rejoiced in their victories and cried bitter tears of defeat . "  Whether you 're in a host city or back at home watching it on TV ... it captures you , " said Jon Burns , a lifelong fan of English football . "  I just love the passion . " Burns has made it his mission to turn that fan fervor into something more . His UK-based nonprofit , Lionsraw , mobilizes soccer fans to volunteer in cities hosting the World Cup and other major tournaments . "  We do football tours with a difference , " said Burns , 48 . "  They get to watch games , drink beer in a bar ... but for a huge chunk of our time , we go out to people in need . " It 's an idea that struck Burns nearly 10 years ago , while sitting in a packed stadium during a game . "  I suddenly saw all the fans around me and ... it was like an untapped army , " he said . "  And I started asking myself , ` What could I do if we could mobilize some of these people to do some good ? ' " Since 2006 , Burns ' group has enlisted more than 500 volunteers to work on construction projects , educational programs and soccer clinics that have helped nearly 6,000 children . "  Football 's always had the ability to break down barriers , " he said . "  We 're taking it a step further . " Giving back in Brazil In June , Burns and his team brought almost 300 volunteers to Curitiba , one of the 12 host cities for this year 's World Cup . The group 's main project was constructing an education complex for Futebol de Rua , an after-school program that serves children from poor areas just outside the city center . Oscar Muxfeldt Neto , one of the program 's founders , could not believe it when Burns offered in 2012 to help his organization . "  To come and to do this for us , for the children ... it is still a dream , you know ? " he said . "  This is the World Cup spirit . " The facility -- where academic tutoring , soccer instruction , art and music classes will be provided to more than 500 at-risk youth -- should be up and running by the end of the year . Burns and his volunteers will return there to teach English and coach soccer for years to come . "  When we invest in a place , it 's not for a project . It 's for the long-term , " Burns said . "  The World Cup is just the first step into a country . It 's a launchpad for us . " Like many countries that have hosted major sporting events , Brazil has seen protests during the past year about the estimated $ 11 billion spent on projects that have not necessarily improved the country 's public services . While Burns makes a point to avoid politics , he believes his work helps communities that have not benefited economically from the games . "  We try to create opportunities for the local people , " Burns said . "  We 're not here to save anybody or solve anything . We 're here to do our bit . " Igniting a passion While Burns wants to assist those in need , he 's also hoping that giving back sparks something deeper within his volunteers , many of whom have never done anything like this before . Volunteers from 12 countries came to Brazil to work with Lionsraw ; most are from the UK , France , Australia and the United States . Burns finds that a shared love of soccer gives them an instant bond that gets stronger as they work toward a common goal . "  Within a couple days , they 're just part of a team . And it 's a tight team . There 's a lot of fun , a lot of joking , and guys become friends for life , " he said . Dominic Casciata , 27 , had never volunteered before participating with Lionsraw in Brazil . The London-born soccer coach , who now lives in New York , spent eight days working with the group . "  It 's just a brilliant feeling , " Casciata said . "  Me and some friends who are volunteering here actually plan on coming back once the project is finished to see it in all its glory . " Chris Hearn , 48 , helped build an orphanage with the group in South Africa during the 2010 World Cup . This time , he brought his 20-year-old son along . "  When I came back from South Africa , he saw the difference that it made to me , " Hearn said . "  That 's why he wanted to come , too . " Hearn and his son had such a good experience that Hearn now plans to bring his wife and daughter on the next Lionsraw trip in France in 2016 . For Burns , that 's the whole idea . "  Lots of guys come and kind of get it in their blood , " Burns said . "  That 's what we 're about . ... And that is a movement . " "  We 're trying to harness the passion of football fans to make a difference . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Lionsraw websites and see how to help : UK | U.S.	Jon Burns ' nonprofit lets soccer fans volunteer in cities that host major tournaments He says the love of soccer creates a bond ; almost 300 volunteers went to the World Cup They 're building a complex for a program serving kids from poor areas just outside Curitiba , Brazil
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- It 's a nightmarish scenario straight out of the movies : A passenger is forced to land a plane after its pilot becomes incapacitated . Passanger Doug White landed this Super King two-engine turboprop after the pilot fell unconscious . "  Descend and maintain 5,000 . Just take your time , we 'll set you up for the airport , " an air traffic controller says . In a calm voice , a passenger responds : "  I need to get my throttle set for this descent . I do n't know where to set it at . " The reality was playing aboard a plane over Florida on Sunday in what the National Air Traffic Controllers Association called "  an Easter miracle . " The incident began about 1:30 p.m. . The plane , a Super King Air two-engine turboprop with four passengers on board , was headed to Jackson , Mississippi , from Marco Island , Florida , about 18 miles south of Naples . The plane entered the jurisdiction of air traffic control at Miami Center , the facility responsible for high-altitude air traffic in southern Florida and the Caribbean , according to a statement issued by the air traffic controllers association . The pilot notified controllers that the plane was at 9,000 feet and climbing , said Steve Wallace , Miami Center spokesman for the association . However , a controller at the center tried twice to raise the pilot after that and received no response , Wallace said . Hear audiotape of emergency landing " After a few moments , a different voice came over the radio : Passenger Doug White told air traffic controllers the pilot was unconscious and they needed help . His wife and two teenage daughters were flying home to Louisiana with him , he said . Listen to White describe seeing the pilot 's eyes roll back in his head " He reported the plane 's autopilot was on and the plane was continuing to climb from 10,000 feet . "  I told my girls to pray hard , " White later told CNN television affiliate WINK . White later told the Naples Daily News he has a pilot 's license and about 130 hours experience flying a single engine Cessna , but had never flown the larger , faster King Air . The difference , experts said , is not as simple as driving a different model of car . A turboprop multi-engine , Wallace told CNN , "  probably lands at a faster speed than he 's ever flown a single-engine plane before . " White told air traffic controllers it appeared the pilot had died , according to the statement , and he reported that the plane 's autopilot was on and the plane was continuing to climb from 10,000 feet . Two air traffic controllers worked to help him disengage the autopilot , as other controllers stepped in to lighten their workload . "  Keep it coming around when you can ... the turn looks good , very good sir , " a controller said . The controllers then turned the plane over to air traffic controllers at the airport . One of them had called a friend who was certified in the King Air planes for advice . "  They walked him through flipping the switches , turning the knobs , " Wallace said . White , who was composed for the most part , seemed doubtful for a brief moment . "  When I touch down ... If I ever touch down , do I just kill the throttle or what ? " he asks . The landing was successful . "  I knew we had to do something ... I knew that much , " White told WINK . The Federal Aviation Administration has not given any of the involved air traffic controllers permission to speak about the incident , Wallace said . However , the National Air Traffic Controllers Association lauded all of those involved in landing the plane . "  If you were to ask any one of the controllers who worked this even about what happened over the skies of south Florida , they would tell you that it was just a typical day at the office and that it was merely their job , " association President Patrick Forrey said in the statement . "  However , the actions they all took to save the passengers aboard the flight were beyond heroic . " Victoria Moreland , spokeswoman for Southwest Florida International Airport , said the pilot 's death was confirmed after the plane landed . The cause of death was unclear , Moreland said . It 's rare for a pilot to suffer a medical emergency during flight , said Chris Dancy , spokesman for the Frederick , Maryland-based Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association . The organization issues a yearly summary of accident trends and factors based on National Transportation Safety Board reports involving aircraft of less than 12,500 pounds -- smaller than the King Air involved in Sunday 's incident . According to the most recent report , which covers the year 2007 , out of 22 million general aviation flight hours , an estimated 15 million to 20 million flights , only six instances of a pilot 's medical incapacitation were reported , he said . In four of those instances , the pilot died . CNN 's Ashley Broughton contributed to this report .	Passenger Doug White commandeers plane after pilot loses consciousness White : "  When I touch down ... If I ever touch down , do I just kill the throttle ? " Craft was carrying White , his wife and two daughters from Florida to Mississippi Controllers help him turn off autopilot , land plane : "  The turn looks good , very good sir "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has ordered flags on federal buildings to fly at half-staff until the burial next week of Sen. Robert Byrd , except for Independence Day , when they should be flown at full staff to honor the veteran legislator , the White House said Wednesday . A proclamation issued by Obama made the order "  as a mark of respect for the memory and longstanding service of Sen. Robert C. Byrd , " who was the longest-serving member of Congress in history . Byrd , who represented West Virginia , is scheduled to be buried on July 6 , and Obama 's proclamation said the U.S. flag should fly at half-staff until sunset on that day . At the same time , it called for flying the flag at full staff on July 4 "  in honor and tribute to this great patriot . "	Flag will fly at full staff on July 4 in Byrd 's honor Move "  a mark of respect for the memory and longstanding service " of Byrd Flags will be at half-staff until sunset July 6 , the day Byrd is buried
CNN  -- Lasith Malinga became the first bowler to claim a hat-trick of dismissals in two Cricket World Cups as his devastating spell of bowling helped Sri Lanka dismantle Kenya . Malinga took six wickets for just 38 runs including three in three balls as he became the second bowler in as many days to record a hat-trick at the tournament after West Indies ' paceman Kemar Roach 's feat against Netherlands on Monday . Minnows Kenya had no answer to his fierce spell of bowling , capitulating to 142 all out in Colombo before the hosts lost only one batsman as they recorded a nine wicket victory in just 18 overs . Kenya captain Jimmy Kamande won the toss and elected to bat but openers Maurice Ouma and Seren Waters fell before eight runs were on the board . Brothers Collins and David Obuya steadied the ship and despite riding their luck both recorded half centuries as Kenya edged to 102-2 . Collins reached 52 before he was bowled by Malinga and brother David soon followed , caught by Thilan Samaraweera off the bowling of Muttiah Muralitharan for 51 . That was the end of Kenya 's resistance as they lost their last five wickets for just 15 runs with Malinga their chief tormentor . The first victim of his hat-trick was Tanmay Mishra , trapped LBW by a dipping yorker before Peter Ongondo 's middle stump was removed by a similar delivery , traveling at 144 km per hour . Malinga secured his second World Cup treble with another vicious yorker that clattered into Shem Ngoche 's stumps . Just a few balls later Malinga claimed his sixth victim as he bowled Elijah Otieno to end Kenya 's innings on 142 . Sri Lanka wasted no time recording victory as Upul Tharanga smashed an unbeaten 67 and put on 72 with Tilkeratne Dilshan , before he was caught by Maurice Ouma off the bowling of Otieno . Captain Kumar Sangakkara hit a quick 27 not out off just 24 balls to seal a comprehensive victory for Sri Lanka , who bounced back in style after their defeat by Pakistan . But the co-hosts will undoubtedly face a much stiffer test in their next match when they face defending champions Australia on Saturday .	Lasith Malinga takes a hat-trick against Kenya at Cricket World Cup Malinga is the first bowler in history to take two World Cup hat-tricks Sri Lanka crush Kenya after bowling opponents out for 142 Hosts reach their target in 18 over to win by nine wickets
CNN  -- Two years ago next week , Superstorm Sandy barreled through parts of the United States , causing $ 65 billion worth of damage to communities up and down the Eastern seaboard . Sandy , which brought extensive flooding to New York and Atlantic City , was described by many as a once in a generation storm . But in the coming years , thanks to global warming , it wo n't take superstorms like Sandy to bring regular and potentially dangerous flooding to parts of the United States . Tidal flooding used to be a relatively rare occurrence along the East Coast and the Gulf of Mexico , generally happening only occasionally at high tide or king tide , when the sun and the moon are aligned . But based on what scientists already know about climate change , it is clear that sea levels are going to rise over the next few decades . Coastal flooding is expected to occur even more often and cause more disruption . This will redefine how and where coastal residents live , work , and go about their daily routines . High tides are having a greater impact now for two reasons . First , our coasts are more heavily developed , so higher tides affect more people and infrastructure . Second , these tides are now occurring along with elevated -- and rising -- sea levels . Global sea levels rose approximately 8 inches from 1880 to 2009 as global warming hastened land-based ice melt , and seawater expanded as it absorbed heat from a warming atmosphere . Sea level rise worldwide is now accelerating , and at an especially fast rate along parts of the East Coast . This reality is captured in a report we co-authored earlier this month , analyzing how often flooding occurs at 52 sites along the Eastern seaboard and the Gulf of Mexico and estimating the frequency and extent of flooding over the next 15 and 30 years . We found that many East Coast communities now experience dozens of tidal floods every year . In some places , there has been a fourfold increase in the number of days per year with tidal flooding since 1970 . When tidal floods occur , water can cover roads for hours , making passage risky or even impossible , trapping residents in their homes . Sometimes this is just a short-lived nuisance , requiring traffic detours . But sometimes floods can compromise evacuation routes -- a particular problem when public safety and commerce in some coastal communities , such as those that dot the Outer Banks in North Carolina , depend on just one or two access routes . So what can we do ? In the short term , municipalities , counties and states have to clear flooded coastal roads and repair damage from erosion and overwash . But over the long term , "  in many cases , they are going to have to raise the roads on their existing path , " according to Steve Miller at the Great Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve in New Hampshire . "  Money is a big question . " Retail stores , restaurants and public infrastructure clustered in low-lying waterfront areas are also threatened by tidal flooding . South Florida has been particularly hard-hit . Tidal flooding "  has really affected our business , " noted Bobby Thakore , owner of the Taste Bakery Caf  on Alton Road in Miami Beach and one of the many people we spoke with when compiling our report . "  We are down 15 percent on revenue during flooding , and in the past year construction -LSB- to address flooding -RSB- mixed with the flooding and has made our revenue loss worse . " Using a midrange estimate for future sea level rise , we found that more than half of the 52 communities we analyzed can expect to average more than two dozen tidal floods per year by 2030 . The rise in the frequency of tidal flooding represents an extremely steep increase for some , and two-thirds could experience at least three times more high-tide floods every year . We expect the Mid-Atlantic coast to see some of the biggest increases in flood frequency . Because many communities are already coping with tidal floods , a tripling in their frequency would mean they could occur more than four times a month by 2030 . Annapolis , Maryland , and Washington , D.C. , for example , can expect to average more than 150 tidal floods a year , and several New Jersey locations could suffer 80 tidal floods or more annually . By 2045 , many coastal communities likely will experience a sea level rise of about a foot . As that occurs , a third of the 52 locations in our analysis would begin to average more than 180 tidal floods a year . And nine locations , including Atlantic City and Cape May in New Jersey , can expect tidal floods 240 times or more per year . Without sensible preparation , daily life in low-lying areas along the East and Gulf coasts will become at best risky and at worst dangerous . Coastal communities -- and state and federal agencies -- have to start planning today to cope with unprecedented tidal flooding and take precautions to limit longer-term damage . Communities need to flood-proof homes , neighborhoods and sewer and stormwater infrastructure and limit new development in flood-prone areas . Federal and state governments , meanwhile , need to monitor sea level rise and flooding , provide funding and other resources for local resilience-building efforts , reform flood insurance programs , and -- most importantly -- address the root of the problem . Sadly , the reality is that the near-term increase in sea level and tidal flooding may be unavoidable . But if states and the federal governments take concerted action to dramatically reduce carbon emissions , then we can at least avoid the worst consequences of global warming .	Global sea levels rose about 8 inches from 1880 to 2009 , says science group Melanie Fitzpatrick , Erika Spanger-Siegfried : It 's accelerating along East Coast By 2045 , nine locations can expect tidal floods 240 times or more per year , they write
CNN  -- Troops joined rescue operations in Yunnan province , southwestern China Monday following a 6.1-magnitude earthquake but the search for survivors was hampered by rainfall and aftershocks . At least 398 people have been killed , and 1,801 injured by the quake that struck on Sunday afternoon , state-run media has reported . The quake struck at 4.30 p.m. local time  4.30 a.m. ET  . The majority of the casualties occurred in the city of Zhaotong , Ludian County . The epicenter of the quake was recorded in Longtoushan Township , 23 kilometers  14 miles  southwest of Zhaotong , and tremors were felt almost 200 miles away . Hundreds of aftershocks have been recorded following the initial tremor . Beijing has allocated 600 million yuan  $ 97 million  for relief efforts , Xinhua reported Monday . It is a fairly remote , partly mountainous area . Many live in low-rise houses made of wood and bricks or plaster , which make them prone to collapse . Poor housing The quality of the housing , along with the higher-than-average population density in the area and the relatively shallow epicenter of the quake , was said to be a contributing factor to the death toll . "  Most rural houses in the county were made of brick or wood , were not designed to be resistant to quakes , and many of them were outdated , " the China Earthquake Administration said in a statement . Lu Xuefeng , head of Zhaotong City 's communications department , told reporters Monday that an estimated 210,000 households and almost a million residents had been affected by the earthquake . He said local authorities had dispatched 6,000 troops to join the disaster relief operation , according to state media . They are joined by specially-trained functionaries , medical teams and thousands of volunteers . Civil authorities have distributed tents , folding beds , blankets and clothing . "  I was working ... when my family called and told me our home was destroyed , " Mao Quan , a resident of Longquan village , Longtoushan Township , told CNN . "  They told me nearly all houses at the village have been destroyed in the earthquake . There 's no shelter , not enough to eat and the roads are cut off so it 's hard for aid to go in . I 've been walking back to the village since 7 a.m. I tried to hitchhike but it 's hard . I 'll probably be back home in another two hours . " Some 12,000 homes were destroyed and 30,000 others damaged in Sunday 's quake , according to CCTV . Tens of thousands have been relocated from structurally unsafe houses . Some roads have been destroyed and some villages remain cut off . Power outages Ten towns and townships faced power outages overnight . Power was restored to around 19,000 homes Monday morning , but communications remain spotty . President Xi Jinping called for "  all-out efforts " in relief operations late Sunday night , with top priority given to saving lives , minimizing casualties and providing adequate shelter for displaced victims of the disaster . Two commercial planes from carrier China Eastern Airlines have been used to fly rescue and medical teams close to the epicenter . Premier Li Keqiang , who visited stricken areas on Monday morning , also called for a swift response , urging local authorities to focus attention on search and rescue and also on providing adequate supplies and medical attention for residents affected by the disaster . Walking for several miles on foot to reach the worst-hit areas , he called on eight government ministries , including civil affairs , health , transport and housing , to send teams to take part in rescue and rehabilitation work . The scope of the disaster meant that medical facilities were in danger of being overwhelmed . Officials from Zhaotong urged people to give blood in order to make up a significant shortfall . Video of the site from CCTV shows rescue workers digging with their hands under several feet of rubble that included dirt , rebar and concrete blocks . Footage also showed injured adults and children being rushed to hospitals in ambulances . Power and telephone outages were complicating assessment of the damage , rescuers said . Rain is expected in the next few days , which authorities fear could impact rescue efforts . Condolences The White House sent its condolences Sunday , and offered assistance . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those that lost their lives , those injured or displaced , and all the people of China on this difficult day , " National Security Council Deputy Spokesperson Bernadette Meehan said in a statement . "  U.S. disaster response officials are in contact with their Chinese counterparts . The United States stands ready to assist . " The United Nations echoed the sentiment . "  The Secretary General  offers his condolences to the Chinese Government and the families of those killed , and his deepest sympathies to those who were injured or otherwise affected in this disaster , " Secretary General Ban Kee Moon 's spokesperson said in a statement , adding that the organization was ready to "  respond to humanitarian needs " and to "  mobilize international support " as needed . The U.S. Geological Survey said the quake had a magnitude of 6.1 , while the China Earthquake Networks Center reported it as a 6.5-magnitude event . The area is a mountainous region , known for its natural scenery and ethnic diversity , but is also prone to natural disasters and lies on a major earthquake fault . Yunnan 's neighboring province , Sichuan , witnessed a magnitude 7.9 earthquake in 2008 where at least 87,000 people died . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes What to know about earthquakes CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz and Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	At least 398 dead in quake , Chinese state-run TV says ; 1,801 people injured Tens of thousands of homes damaged or destroyed China Earthquake Networks Center says the magnitude was 6.5
CNN  -- A magnitude 6.7 earthquake rattled Papua New Guinea early Friday afternoon , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The quake was centered about 200 miles north-northeast of Port Moresby and had a depth of 28 miles . No tsunami warning was issued , according to the Tsunami Warning Center . Papua New Guinea is on the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .	Papua New Guinea is on the so-called Ring of Fire It 's on an arc of fault lines that is prone to frequent earthquakes No tsunami warning was issued
CNN  -- Six people were killed and six were injured when a small plane crashed at Cork Airport in southern Ireland on Thursday , local officials said . Survivors were taken to a local hospital , the Cork County Council said . Four of the injured are in serious but not critical condition , and the other two are "  comfortable , " Cork University Hospital said . The crash caused a fire and scattered debris over a large area , the Irish Aviation Authority said in a statement . The plane crashed on its third attempt to land in low visibility , they said . The airport and roads around it were closed , officials said . It was coming from Belfast in Northern Ireland . Flight NM7100 , an inbound Manx2 airline flight , was due to land at Cork Airport at 9:45 a.m. , the airport said . Northern Ireland 's First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness expressed shock at the deaths . Robinson called it "  a terrible tragedy , " and said his thoughts were "  with the families of the bereaved . My thoughts are also with the injured and I hope that they will make a full and speedy recovery . " McGuinness sent his "  condolences to the families , friends and loved ones of those who have lost their lives in the plane crash . My thoughts are also with those who have been injured . " In Dublin , Ireland 's Prime Minister Brian Cowen said , "  my thoughts are with all of those affected by this morning 's crash , including the families and friends of those who have died . I also want to send my best wishes and those of the government , to all of those who survived the crash and are being treated in hospital at present . "  I also want to commend the work of the various rescue crews and all of the emergency and support staff working to help those involved in the crash . " The aircraft involved was a Metro Liner leased from Flightline BCN in Spain , low-cost airline Manx2 said . Irish and British experts will be involved in the crash investigation , authorities said . CNN 's Carol Jordan and Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	NEW : Four injured are in serious condition , while two others are "  comfortable , " a hospital says The flight was coming from Belfast in Northern Ireland Northern Irish leaders express shock and hope the injured will recover quickly The plane crashed on its third attempt to land , authorities say
CNN  Steven Gerrard has revealed he will move to the U.S. when he leaves Liverpool at the end of the current EPL season . The Reds legend surprised fans and teammates with the announcement late on New Year 's Day that he would leave the club he supported as a boy and has represented on the pitch for the past 17 years when his contract expires in June . Rumors quickly surfaced linking the Liverpool captain with a move to Los Angeles Galaxy , formerly home of ex England star David Beckham . Speaking to Liverpool 's in-house TV channel Saturday , the player himself confirmed that the U.S. would be his next destination . Gerrard did n't confirm the club he will be signing for but reports late on Saturday suggested that an 18-month deal was close to being agreed with the Galaxy . "  I can tell the supporters at the moment that it will be America , " said the 34-year-old . "  But I 'm not over the line with any team just yet . I 'm close and as soon as I know , I 'll make the announcement , I 'll do the bits and bobs that I need to do . "  Then we try to go and win a trophy and forget about Steven Gerrard for a bit . " Commenting on the difficulty of coming to his decision , Gerrard said he realized it was time to move on when Liverpool manager Brendan Rogers began to discuss how best to make the most of his abilities in the veteran stage of his career and the possibility that he may no longer be an automatic choice . "  There was more than one moment that has made me come to this decision , but I think the key conversation or moment was with the manager when he sat me down not so long ago and said it was time to manage my games for me and for the team , " Gerrard said . "  I 'm bright enough to realize it is the right thing for everyone , but when you 've been a starter and a mainstay in the team for such a long time , it was a very difficult conversation to have with the manager . "  I accept it and I 'll continue to give everything I 've got , whether I 'm starting , coming off the bench or whatever , but that was the key conversation that swung me to deciding to come away for a short while . "  I had an idea it was going to come at some time - I 'm a human , not a robot . I 'm not 24 . I wish I was 24 , I wish I 'd met Brendan when I was 24 because I think I 'd be sitting here talking about a lot of titles that we 'd won together . " Gerrard made his first-team debut for Liverpool in November 1998 and has scored 180 goals to date in all competitions . He also represented England 114 times -- before retiring after the 2014 World Cup -- and has won eight trophies with Liverpool including two FA Cups , three League Cups and the UEFA Cup in 2001 . His greatest achievement came in 2005 when he captained Liverpool to victory in the Champions League final against AC Milan in Istanbul . However , his long-cherished desire to win the Premier League never materialized -- Liverpool came close in 2009 finishing second to Manchester United and last season Brendan Rodgers ' side were pipped to the post by Manchester City . Even more distressingly Gerrard 's mistake in the 2-0 home defeat by Chelsea near the end of the season gifted the visitors their first goal -- an error opposition supporters continue to remind the Liverpool captain about in a song during games . Despite the teasing from opposition fans and occasional negative reviews of his performances this season from once-admiring pundits , Gerrard said he was taken aback by the support he has received in recent days . Given his long history with the club and the emotional nature of his decision , its a backing he said he feels fortunate to have . "  I 've been here a long time . I 've been coming to this training ground since I was eight years of age , " he said . "  I always knew it was going to end one day and it would be an emotional decision . That decision is here . People will have their own opinions on it but for me , come the summer it will be the right time . "  The messages of support I 've had from the fans , the players , the staff , the media and people who I 've worked with for a long time has blew me away , " Gerrard continued . "  That 's when I 've started getting emotional . But I need to be string and hold them back because I 'm not going yet . " "  There are still six months to go and I 've still got plenty to try to achieve , so I am trying to keep my focus on that . Liverpool currently lie in eighth position in the EPL , six points behind fourth placed Southampton , and are still in contention for a Champions League place . The club are also still competing in the Europa League and FA Cup . Gerrard scored twice from the penalty spot on New Year 's Day as Liverpool drew 2-2 with Leicester City and is in contention to play when his side face AFC Wimbledon in the FA Cup on Monday .	Steven Gerrard confirms he will move to the U.S. when his Liverpool contract expires Midfielder says he is unable to reveal which club he will play for when he moves stateside Gerrard says he knew it was time to leave when Liverpool boss Brendan Rogers spoke about managing his games
On the same day that thousands of women stood up to participate in One Billion Rising , billed as the largest mass action to stop violence against women and girls , the sad news came from South Africa that yet another woman was killed . The reason we took notice of 30-year-old Reeva Steenkamp 's death among so many others killed every day is the shocking news that the man charged with killing her , her boyfriend , is none other than Oscar Pistorius , the athlete known as "  Blade Runner , " a double amputee whose Olympic feats on prosthetic carbon fiber legs made him an international superstar . We do n't know what the investigation will uncover , but Steenkamp 's life is now lost . Coincidentally , the Pistorius case happens around Valentine 's Day , the date that Rising activists marked to bring focus on the crisis of violence against women . Nike 's bullet ad with Pistorius backfires Brutal attacks against girls and women have stirred the world 's conscience with increasing frequency in recent months . There is no question that many societies are finally becoming fed up with the much-too-common practice of attacking , raping and killing women that goes on in all corners of the world . The perpetrators of these crimes are invariably cowards , using superior physical force to intimidate or exert power . We have come to know some of their victims . Remember Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani girl targeted by the Taliban because she proclaimed that every girl has a right to an education . She has survived and vowed to continue her struggle despite the Taliban 's promise they will try to kill her . The contrast in courage could not be starker . Then there is Nirbhaya , the New Delhi university student who was gang raped in a bus . She died of her horrific injuries , but her assault moved India and the entire world so deeply that her legacy has fueled the battle to stop this violence . Earlier this month , in a case gruesomely reminiscent of Nirbhaya , 17-year-old Anene Booysen was raped , mutilated and left for dead , in the South African city of Capetown . Just as Malala has inspired girls to demand an education , Nirbhaya has awakened India to the need for better laws and law enforcement to protect women . And , until the authorities get their act together , fierce Indian girls are learning self-defense . No wonder the Billion Rising celebrations have been such a hit all over India . Organizers say "  Risings " are taking place in 203 countries . If true , that means women in a majority of countries on Earth could heed the call to stand , and to dance . Yes , to dance as a sign of "  solidarity , purpose and energy " to "  shake the world . " A global push to end violence with song and dance Amid the celebration , however , it 's important to keep in mind what the occasion marks . According to U.N. statistics , one in three women will experience violence in her lifetime , including beating , rape or assault , making such violence a more prevalent problem than AIDS , malaria or any other disease . It means 1 billion women alive at this moment will become part of that statistic , hence the One Billion Rising . Women used to keep their assaults quiet , out of shame or fear of being ostracized . But less so today . There 's Lara Logan , the CBS correspondent attacked by thugs in Cairo 's Tahrir Square while covering the Egyptian revolution , one of countless women assaulted in Egypt by gangs of men . Some female democracy protesters , fighting for their rights , were later subjected to "  virginity tests " by the Egyptian military . The problem has deep roots and far-reaching ramifications . Women have endured the use of rape as a weapon of war , and domestic violence as a tool of control at home . Domestic violence is one of those old traditions that should have died long ago . A 2012 study by UNICEF found most youngsters in India believe wife-beating is justified . But other surveys found the problem knows no national boundaries . The U.N. says about 14,000 Russian women die every year from domestic violence . In some countries , women are subjected to violence as retaliation for other family members ' or their own perceived offenses in so-called "  honor killings . " In war zones , fighters rape women to humiliate their enemies , to perpetrate "  ethnic cleansing " and to force people to leave . An incredible 92 % of Liberian women in one study said they had been raped in that country 's war . As you read this , women are being raped in Syria , in the Congo and in other countries where wars rage . After the violation , many of them will be rejected by their families . Violence against women tends to go hand in hand with lack of equality . It also is a sign of a malfunctioning society . It is a stubborn problem , but one that responds to measures , such as those just approved after a perplexing political battle in the United States . As the world changes , as countries emerge from poverty and people fight for their rights , we can look to the level of violence against women as one of the gauges of their success . The Arab Human Development Reports of 2002 and 2005 said the low status of women is one of the reasons Arab countries had stagnated , calling the rise of women "  a prerequisite for an Arab renaissance . " Pistorius ' South Africa , a country with a storied history in the fight for racial equality , has a disturbing record of violence against women . Around the world , the awareness and determination of women to stand up to violence are a major step forward . But tragedies such as the killing of Steenkamp in South Africa , one of countless occurring just today , are a reminder of the urgency of the cause . Any country , any society that wants to move forward and earn a place of honor among the nations must make it a priority to teach men from the earliest age that violence against women in any form is unacceptable , and those who hurt or intimidate women should be punished .	One Billion Rising mass action is raising awareness of violence against women Frida Ghitis : Oscar Pistorius faces murder charges in death of his girlfriend Ghitis says people are taking notice , with the assault on Malala , the death of Nirbhaya Ghitis : The death of Steenkamp is a reminder of the urgency of the cause in helping women
CNN  -- An African-American man has pleaded guilty after being accused of impersonating a white supremacist in a fictitious Facebook account to make death threats against an African-American university student . A Mississippi man admitted creating a false Facebook profile in November . Dyron L. Hart , 20 , of Poplarville , Mississippi , pleaded guilty Wednesday before U.S. District Judge Kurt D. Engelhardt to one count of communicating threats in interstate commerce , according to a Department of Justice statement . Hart admitted creating the fictitious account in November , pretending to be a white supremacist outraged by the election of Barack Obama as the nation 's first African-American president , the statement said . He then transmitted a death threat via Facebook to an African-American student at Nicholls State University in Louisiana , saying he wanted to kill African-Americans because of Obama 's election , according to the statement . A court document provided by the U.S. attorney 's office said Hart told an FBI interviewer that he intended the threat to be a prank "  to get a reaction . " The document said Hart admitted creating the Facebook profile under the name "  Colten Brodoux " and used a photo of a Caucasian man that he found on a white supremacist Web site . "  This is an extremely odd case , a very unusual case , " said U.S. Attorney Jim Letten of the Eastern District of Louisiana . "  The contents of the messages were extremely troubling and provocative and very threatening . " Hart will face a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when sentenced November 18 , the statement said . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	African-American man created account in November , pretending to be supremacist He used account to make death threat against a black university student Man told FBI that he only wanted "  to get a reaction " He will be sentenced November 18 , could get prison time
New York  CNN  -- Lady Gaga met with me this week about the launch of her new fragrance , Fame , but as is often the case with this pop mega-star , it is hard to determine what is marketing , what is performance and what is her reality . "  Fame has a very interesting prospect with dangerous encounters around the corner ... Fame is ultimately about the cycles of desire and how to do away with them or manage them well , " the 26-year-old superstar said . "  Vanity can create a very cruel space for you if you do n't know how to manage it . " One thing you are sure of -- she is passionate . Unlike other celebrities who license their name to use on products other people make , Gaga was heavily involved in the entire process , she says , including the idea of making the actual liquid black -- a perfume first . At first , her collaborators tried to talk her out of the dark tint "  so you do n't have to explain to everyone how it wo n't get on your clothing , " she recalled . "  And I said , ` I do n't want to do it unless it 's black ' . " She is certainly someone who knows how to walk the fine line between shock value and mass appeal -- as when I asked about what she wanted from Fame 's scent . "  I wanted it to smell slutty , to be totally honest , " she said . "  I do n't think that women need to smell interesting . I have an interesting mind but I want to smell like a slut ... I mean it in a lovely way like the way your husband makes you feel when you 've had a really long day and he knows exactly what to say to you to make you feel sexy . " Does she think of herself as a businesswomen ? "  Well , I guess we 'll find out , " she said . More : Before she was Gaga : The unseen photos The young performer is certainly in the black : Forbes estimates Gaga earned $ 52 million between May 2011 and May 2012 -- a drop from the $ 90 million she earned the year before , the magazine reported . But Forbes expects that figure to balloon next year , as she launched her 2012-2013 "  Born This Way Ball " world tour in late April with more than 100 concerts planned . Will that passion translate into commercial success for the perfume ? Some fans are turned off when their favorite artists hawk products , but as Gaga quipped during our interview , "  I already am a product . " Prices for the Fame products range from $ 19 to $ 79 for a 100 milliliter bottle , and the line also include soap , shower gel and body lotion . She joins a long list of celebrities who have launched their own perfume or cologne lines , from Beyonce and Brittany Spears to Pavarotti and Michael Jordan . "  The most exciting thing about this fragrance is that is was collaboration between myself and two lifelong friends of mine , incredible photographers and creators , " she said . "  Steve Klein shot the ad campaign the amazing images for the fragrance and Nick Knight designed the bottle with me . It 's been an amazing time for me . I 've been enjoying myself because I get to work with people I really love and respect and give something back to the fans . "  We really spent a lot of time creating this for you because we love you and we appreciate that you love the aesthetic that we created through our music and TV performances , " she added . Gaga has dismissed the idea of a fashion line in the past , saying the Haus of Gaga , the creative team behind often controversial couture , "  was not a commodity , not something to be sold . " But that may be shifting . When I asked her if this experience has made her open to the idea of other products she coyly responded , "  Anything is possible . " As for the woman herself : She was punctual , polite , fabulously turned out but I can honestly say by the end I had no more insight on Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta the person , than I did at the start . And I suspect that is just how Lady Gaga likes it . She is in it for the long haul and very much in control of every aspect of her Fame .	Pop superstar Lady Gaga has launched worldwide a new perfume line , Fame The 26-year-old performer earned $ 52 million last year , according to Forbes On the scent of the new line : "  I wanted it to smell slutty , to be totally honest " The perfume itself is tinted black , a first for the fragrance industry
CNN  -- A zoo in Switzerland is the latest to be embroiled in controversy , after it not only killed a healthy bear cub but will now stuff and display it to teach children that "  nature can be cruel . " Details of the fate of the baby brown bear , known only as Cub 4 , come on the heels of outrage over the killing by Denmark 's Copenhagen Zoo of a young male giraffe named Marius and four lions . The Dahlholzli Zoo in the Swiss city of Bern said it decided to put down the bear cub after its father , named Misha , mauled its sibling to death and threatened to do the same to Cub 4 . According to a media release , the zoo initially decided not to interfere with the bears ' "  natural " behavior . But when it was observed that the mother , Masha , had begun neglecting Cub 4 and that the father was roughing it up too , zoo staff decided in April it would be kinder to kill the youngster . This week , the zoo announced that the cub , whose remains were deep-frozen , would be thawed out and handed over to an expert taxidermist to be stuffed . The hide has been separated from the body and will be tanned and the body measured for a mold . Explaining the process , the zoo said it considers it central to learning that animals are experienced in as natural a condition as possible , including contact with "  animal materials " like hides , bones or fully stuffed creatures . It added , "  An emotional experience takes priority , which brings nature closer to the children with all its facets -- ` nice ' or not -- and makes them tangible . " But criticism of the zoo 's actions has focused on the fact that the adult bears involved were hand-raised -- suggesting that their cubs could have been raised that way too . The daily newspaper Berner Zeitung reported in April that the zoo had received a flood of public comment after Cub 4 was killed . It quoted Sara Wehrli , head of the Wild Animal Department of Swiss Animal Protection , as saying the zoo had acted "  irresponsibly " in its care of the bears . "  Bears are loners and need room , and in zoos , there are already too many brown bears , " she said . "  Letting the two get pregnant was wrong . You ca n't leave wild animals in captivity to ` nature . ' "  Whoever keeps them must take responsibility for them . " In March , after the controversy over the Copenhagen Zoo 's actions , European Association of Zoos and Aquaria spokesman David Williams-Mitchell told CNN that across the European zoos governed by the body , about 3,000 to 5,000 animals are killed each year under programs to manage zoo populations . This includes "  everything from tadpoles and insects up to charismatic megafauna like giraffes and lions , " he said , adding that it represents only 0.06 % of the zoos ' overall animal population . Exact figures are hard to come by , but a few hundred of those killed by the zoos each year would be large animals , he said . Williams-Mitchell added that members of the public and animal rights groups tend to object only when zoos kill "  cute , storybook animals , " rather than rodents or tadpoles .	A brown bear cub will be stuffed and put on display , Swiss zoo says "  Cub 4 " was killed after its mother neglected it and its father roughed it up Dahlholzli Zoo says children will be able to learn from cub 's story that "  nature can be cruel " A Danish zoo sparked outrage earlier this year by killing a giraffe and four lions
CNN  -- As the violence in Syria appears to be escalating , Britain and France are pushing for a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning attacks on protesters and calling for humanitarian access . The resolution makes no mention of the kind of sanctions or military intervention seen in Libya , raising questions about what outcome the international community sees for Syria . Are you in Syria ? Share your photos and videos from the scene , but please stay safe . Here CNN correspondent Arwa Damon in Beirut and Richard Roth at the United Nations in New York outline what is happening both in and outside Syria , as efforts to resolve the crisis continue . What are the protesters demanding ? Arwa Damon : Initially protesters wanted basic reforms , more freedoms , a multi-party political system and an end to emergency law . Some of these reforms have , on paper , been implemented by President Bashar al-Assad , but it was far too little and , by the time it came about , too late . The protests started in reaction to the arrest of schoolchildren in the town of Daraa for painting anti-government graffiti and snowballed into what we 're seeing now . It appears that the bloodier the violence that is used against the demonstrators , the more galvanized and hardened they have become until they are now calling for the downfall of Assad 's regime . The ideal scenario for the protesters would be a Syria free from the claws of the Assad regime , true democratic elections and an end to the secret service apparatus which pervades all levels of life in Syria . Has Assad made any genuine attempts to meet the demands of protesters ? Arwa Damon : It would appear not . He did lift the state of emergency , which was a big deal because it has been in place for nearly half a century , and he abolished a court set up to trying people posing a threat to the regime , but at the same time arbitrary detentions have continued , as has the use of force against demonstrators . So although you could argue that he lifted measures in place for decades , nothing has changed . Is it possible that Assad could still ride it out ? Are there any hopes for reconciliation ? Arwa Damon : A lot of people I 'm talking to say Assad 's political career will not survive the uprising . But the question is whether he will be replaced in the short or long term . He could still hold on for an incredibly long time . I think there is a slight chance he could stay on , but that could mean widespread and unimaginable bloodshed because he would need to silence every single opposing voice . Also , importantly , there is no united international voice against Syria to impose the kind of pressure applied on Libya . Does the violence in Syria still appear to be escalating ? Arwa Damon : It fluctuates . Some days are incredibly bloody while others , less so . The military seems to concentrate on one area at a time . First we saw Banyas and the coastal areas , then Daraa , then we saw the area on the border with Lebanon , then villages near the town of Homs and now we 're seeing the focus on the northwest . But in general , there does seem to be an increase in violence . Is it likely the army will launch an all-out assault to crush the uprising ? Arwa Damon : It would be difficult , given the troop numbers we believe are available for an operation to take place simultaneously countrywide . But that does n't rule out other measures , such as the use of fighter jets . There are certainly fears from some in Syria that there will be a repeat of the 1982 Hama massacre by Syria 's military -- acting under orders from Assad 's father , Hafez al-Assad -- in which thousands of civilians are believed to have perished . Many activists are already comparing what is happening right now to Hama , but in slow motion rather than a single , devastating strike . The opposition activists say what we are seeing now is more systematic , sustained slaughter . Is there any evidence that senior officers are defecting ? Could this be significant ? Arwa Damon : There are reports but nothing concrete . There are a few YouTube videos claiming defections and a few people have been turning up in Lebanon , and in Turkey we are hearing , but I 'm not seeing the kind of widespread defections it would take for the security apparatus to break down . It would take a major defection to have any effect because there would still be units loyal to Assad 's regime . His brother , for example , is the head of the feared Fourth division and Republican Guard . Syria 's military has n't taken a sideline role like in Egypt or Tunisia , which means if the regime falls the security apparatus is likely to crumble as well because the people are n't likely to accept a military accused of massacring civilians to rule the country in the interim . Is social media still playing a part in the uprising ? Is it likely to have a decisive role in the final outcome ? Arwa Damon : It 's huge . It 's not the same as we saw in Egypt , which has been labeled a Facebook revolution because of the role of social networking sites . Syria is the YouTube revolution . If activists were n't posting videos to YouTube , we would have almost no window into what appears to be happening in Syria . Will it be decisive ? Yes , absolutely . The reason why people have been able to have such a strong debate about crimes against humanity , about abuses , about the atrocities allegedly committed is because we 've had these images on hand . Who are Assad 's main regional allies ? What effect is the Syrian crisis likely to have on them ? Arwa Damon : Russia and China are key players , particularly when it comes to exerting influence in the United Nations . Turkey was a friend but now their relationship has cooled . Iran , however , is a huge ally . Lebanon is terrified about the outcome of crisis because anything to do with Syria tends to have a polarizing effect on Lebanon , largely because it acts as a geographical link between Iran and the Hezbollah leadership in Lebanon and the border with Iran 's ideological enemy Israel . Why is there no likelihood of U.N. sanctions or military action against Syria ? Richard Roth : The Security Council tends to build its approach on an incremental basis when faced with a country or issue that splits opinion . Due to history , location , politics and power , Syria has more allies than Libya at this time and so is unlikely to face similar U.N.-mandated action . Russia and China usually feel that it is not the Security Council 's role to get involved in what they say is a matter for the internal affairs of U.N. member countries . That said , they may eventually budge to at least join the Council in expressing concern or condemnation of what is happening in Syria . But it will take more displays of Syrian brutality for Russia and China to go along with sanctions . Syria 's key role in the Middle East peace process also makes military attacks extremely unlikely at this point too .	Arwa Damon : Slim chance Assad could cling to power but at cost of heavy bloodshed Damon : YouTube videos playing a key role in opposition movement Roth : Syria 's key role in Mideast peace process likely to rule out U.N.-sanctioned military action
CNN  -- From Nancy Drew to Miss Marple to the "  Girl with the Dragon Tattoo " Lisbeth Salander , there 's a long and distinguished line of famous women in mystery fiction . I have a new favorite female sleuth to add to the list , Claire DeWitt . The self-described "  world 's greatest private eye " returns in her second adventure from author Sara Gran in "  Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway " hitting bookstores this week . Claire is not your typical P.I. , and the book is not your run of the mill mystery . Claire is a new age heroine who uses dreams , visions and intuition to uncover clues and close cases . Gran 's writing is a mix of the gritty noir tradition in crime writing supplemented with a mystical , dream-like quality -- a sort of hard-boiled surrealism . In the new novel , Claire has moved on from New Orleans , the scene of her last case in "  Claire DeWitt and the City of the Dead . " She 's now living in San Francisco when called on to investigate the death of a close friend , her musician ex-boyfriend Paul Casablancas . Police are calling his death a robbery gone wrong , but Claire suspects murder . The case hits Claire hard , bringing up unresolved feelings of love . Was Paul the one who got away ? Gran says Claire looks at losing Paul "  as a huge mistake that she 's made in her life of letting someone go , or maybe it was n't a mistake , maybe things were better the way they turned out . You just ca n't know and that 's part of what 's really hard for Claire , is never really knowing . " As Claire digs deeper into Paul 's murder , she 's drawn to one of her past cases , another friend , this time a teenage girl , gone missing in 1980s New York . The two cases , past and present , lead Claire into a downward spiral of self-destructive behavior involving drugs and alcohol . Gran says writing about Claire 's personal challenges and seeing her change is what she loves most about the series . "  People really do change with the character every book . I think that 's a bit of surprise to readers because in most detective series the character is the same in every book . I wish we were like that in real life . Things would probably be better . " Claire is rooted in much of the author 's own experience . "  There 's a lot that 's autobiographical in Claire , " Gran says . "  Our life stories are really similar . The places where we 've lived and our interests , but we 're more similar in the small things . " Sadly , Gran says those similarities do n't extend to her dreams . "  I wish I had dreams that were so exciting and deep like Claire . I very rarely have dreams that interesting and noteworthy . " Readers will get a kick out of Claire 's method of crime-solving , a mix of mystical and new age philosophy , Buddhism and Hindu beliefs . It 's also rooted in the writings of a fictional French detective , Jacques Silette , whose instruction tends to the cryptic . A typical piece of advice from Silette reads , "  A clue is a word in another language and mysteries speak the language of dreams . " Makes perfect sense , no ? Some readers , me included , will latch onto the Carlos Castaneda like tangents of "  Claire DeWitt . " Others are just in it for the mystery , and Gran is fine with that , too . "  A lot of people just gloss over all the spiritual and philosophical stuff in the books , and they just read them as mysteries , which is OK , " she said . "  I 'm fine with people reading the book like that , but it is nice to hear from readers who appreciate that aspect of it . " Gran says she 's borrowed from several different schools of psychology and religion , things she finds personally interesting , to come up with Claire 's world view . She calls it a reflection of her own upbringing , which she says was n't limited to just one faith . "  I was not raised as a member of any particular religion . My parents were always saying decide for yourself , think for yourself , think about what you believe in . So all those things are sort of equal to me , " she said . "  I always feel like whenever you learn something great it 's OK to borrow that . I know some people do n't agree and feel like you should stick with one philosophy or one religion , but that 's never really been an option for me . " On the other hand , Gran says Claire is very single-minded in her goal as a detective , uncovering the truth . "  From Claire 's point of view solving a mystery and solving a crime are two different things . Solving a crime is what police and other detectives do , and they can do that better than her . She 's not interested in that . What she does is solve mysteries , which is restoring truth to a situation . " Gran is already working on Claire 's next mystery , and she has a fourth book in mind . A Brooklyn native now living in Los Angeles , she also writes for film and TV , including a past gig on the TNT drama "  Southland . " Gran says she enjoys both . "  Writing books is a very solitary activity while working for TV is very collaborative . If I only did TV , I would go crazy although I did only write books for so long it 's been really nice for me to take a break and work with a group of people and not have everything be on my shoulders in terms of telling the story . " Gran also says there 's a "  Claire DeWitt " TV series in the works . She 's working on a pilot script with producer John Wells , one of the creative forces behind past hits "  ER " and "  The West Wing . " For all the mysticism , the philosophical jags , the hard-boiled behavior , the series is easy to read and fun . Neither Gran nor Claire takes themselves too seriously , just take a look at the names of some of Claire 's past cases , including , ` The Case of the Kleptomaniacal Occultist " or "  The Case of the Missing Miniature Horses . " Asked to boil down Claire 's code as "  the world 's greatest P.I. " into one sentence , Gran says , "  Trust yourself . That 's it in a nutshell . " Read an excerpt from "  Claire DeWitt and the Bohemian Highway "	The character Claire DeWitt joins a distinguished line of women in mystery fiction DeWitt solves murders with a mixture of investigative chops and new age philosophy Author Sara Gran draws many parallels between her own life experiences and Dewitt 's
CNN  -- The chief prosecutor at the International Criminal Court says he has evidence to prove Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is guilty of genocide , even though he is not charged with the crime . Omar al-Bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since warrant was issued . Luis Moreno-Ocampo spoke to CNN on Wednesday , two days after he appealed to the court to add genocide to the existing arrest warrant for al-Bashir . The court issued the warrant in March on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity relating to his five-year campaign of violence in western Sudan 's Darfur region . "  The evidence shows it is genocide , " Moreno-Ocampo said . The warrant was the first one ever issued for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal , based at The Hague in the Netherlands . It includes five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture and rape . It also includes two charges of war crimes for intentionally directing attacks against civilians and for pillaging . Al-Bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since the warrant was issued , even though any country that is party to the ICC has an obligation to hand him over to The Hague , the court says . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur , and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes . Sudan denies the death toll is that high . The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . In his appeal to the court Monday , Moreno-Ocampo complained that the judges ' standard for adding the genocide charge to the warrant is too high . The judges want him to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that al-Bashir committed genocide , but that level of proof is not required for a warrant , which only requires a reasonable inference of guilt , he said . "  They are requesting a level of evidence that is the level of evidence required at the trial stage , not at the beginning of the process , " Moreno-Ocampo said . Part of the reason that prosecutors can not provide more evidence at this stage is because al-Bashir is attacking witnesses who are willing to provide information to prosecutors , Moreno-Ocampo said . Presenting more evidence could endanger the victims , he said . "  It 's a legal issue , " he said . "  The judgment by itself is very important , but in addition I can not accept this wrong legal standard . " The judges believe the crimes that Moreno-Ocampo classifies as genocide instead fall under the category of crimes against humanity , he said . Even if Moreno-Ocampo were successful in adding genocide to the warrant , he would still face a difficult task in proving the charges at trial , said Mark Ellis , the executive director of the International Bar Association . "  Genocide is a much more complicated legal position to meet  than war crimes and crimes against humanity  because you have to show in proving genocide that there was an intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a group based on -- in this case -- ethnicity or race , " Ellis told CNN . "  Obviously the prosecutor believes he would be able to prove this intent and so he wants the opportunity to prove that in trial . " But if Moreno-Ocampo loses the appeal , Ellis said , it would not minimize the seriousness of the case . "  The charges that have been  alleged  on war crimes and crimes against humanity are still very serious charges and they are egregious acts , " he said . A ruling on the appeal is likely within six months , Moreno-Ocampo told CNN .	Luis Moreno-Ocampo calls for genocide to be added to al-Bashir 's charges Sudan leader already charged with war crimes , crimes against humanity Relates to five-year campaign of violence in western Sudan 's Darfur region U.N. estimates 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict
Courtroom experts call it a one-of-kind murder mystery that some people believe has yet to be completely solved . The remarkable story of Timothy Hennis and the stabbing deaths of a mother and two small girls is full of shocking legal twists and turns . During the course of 21 years , Hennis underwent three trials for the same crimes in three courtrooms . The case puts constitutional questions about double jeopardy squarely under the spotlight . It all began in Fayetteville , North Carolina , in 1985 . Hennis , who was then a 27-year-old Army soldier based at nearby Fort Bragg , visited the home of Kathryn Eastburn and her husband , Gary , a captain in the Air Force . The Eastburns were planning to move outside the country and had placed an ad in the newspaper to sell their dog . Hennis stopped by the house in response to the ad . Four days later , when neighbors became concerned , police entered the home to find the bloody bodies of Kathryn Eastburn and two of her daughters . The youngest Eastburn child , a 22-month-old girl named Jana , was found in the house alive . Police said Gary Eastburn was undergoing training in Alabama at the time of the killings . Hennis came forward to police when he heard on TV news that authorities were looking for a man who visited the house in response to a newspaper ad . Investigators had been gathering evidence and interviewing witnesses . A witness named Patrick Cone said he was near the Eastburn home the night of the killings and saw a tall white man wearing jeans , a knit cap and a Members Only jacket leaving the Eastburns ' driveway with a trash bag . A police artist drew a sketch based on Cone 's description . Prosecutors said the sketch resembled Hennis . Police put Hennis in a line up , and prosecutors said Cone identified Hennis as the man he saw . In 1986 , his first trial Police arrested Hennis and in 1986 , prosecutors put him on trial . They said his motive was sex . The theory was that "  Hennis ' wife was out of town , he had a new baby and so he decided to make a pass at a married mother of three -- and that did n't go well , " former local reporter Scott Whisnant told CNN 's "  Death Row Stories . " Whisnant had covered the case in depth for Wilmington 's Morning Star newspaper . Gary Eastburn told police several items were missing from his home , including an envelope of cash , an ATM card and the Eastburn account password . Police said the ATM card was used to withdraw $ 150 twice over two days . Prosecutors said Hennis was behind on his rent , which was about $ 300 . He paid his rent the Monday after the killings , prosecutors said . A woman who used the same bank ATM shortly after the Eastburns ' ATM card was used told investigators she saw a man nearby matching Hennis ' description . During the trial , prosecutors showed jurors gruesome police photos to illustrate their case . The jury rendered a guilty verdict and sentenced Hennis to death . While on death row , Hennis received a mysterious , anonymous letter in the mail : "  Dear Mr. Hennis , " the letter said . "  I did the crime , I murdered the Eastburns . Sorry you 're doin the time . I 'll be safely out of North Carolina when you read this . Thanks , Mr. X " The letter 's author was never determined . A second chance to prove his case Hennis ' lawyers appealed his case to North Carolina 's Supreme Court , where judges ruled that the graphic police photos had wrongly influenced jurors to render a guilty verdict . The ruling allowed Hennis a rare second chance to prove his case in a retrial . Compared with the first trial , Hennis ' defense attorneys engineered a complete 180 on their strategy . After exhaustive preparation , they attacked many of the prosecutors ' most damaging accusations one by one . They discredited the prosecutors ' star witness , Patrick Cone , and his testimony . He had testified that the weather was clear the night of the killings , but another witness said it was overcast . A new defense witness who looked similar to Hennis testified he was walking in the neighborhood at the time of the killings . The witness , John Raupaugh , "  lived down the street from the Eastburns , " Whisnant told "  Death Row Stories . " "  He was an uneasy sleeper and had a habit of walking the neighborhood at 3 in the morning . He often wore a beanie hat and he had a black Members Only jacket . " Raupaugh 's testimony , defense attorneys said , gave jurors the reasonable doubt they needed to acquit Hennis in 1989 . Escaping death row as a newly freed man , Hennis then re-enlisted in the Army , eventually retiring in 2004 as a master sergeant . But prosecutors continued to pursue the case . In 2006 , vaginal swabs from a rape kit taken from Kathryn Eastburn 's body yielded new evidence . DNA testing was an imperfect science in the 1980s , so the semen found in Kathryn Eastburn 's vagina was n't pursued as evidence during the first trial . But by the 2000s , technological advances in DNA analysis had improved . Experts said the DNA from Eastburn 's rape kit was consistent with Hennis ' DNA . U.S. Army steps in A team of military attorneys evaluated the case and the Army decided to pursue it . Hennis was recalled to active duty two years after his retirement and promptly arrested on three counts of murder . "  Tim Hennis is the only person in United States history who 's been tried for his life three times after guilty and not guilty verdicts , " said Whisnant , whose book "  Innocent Victims " was made into a 1996 TV movie . Many observers were surprised . Was n't Hennis shielded by constitutional protections against so-called double jeopardy ? "  In the simplest terms , if a defendant is acquitted and the prosecutor says to the judge , ' I want a do-over , ' that is clearly prohibited . That 's the definition of double jeopardy , " said CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  But if a different prosecutor in a different court comes up with a different way to frame charges in the same crime , then that is generally permissible . " Maj. Rob Stelle of the Army Judge Advocate General Corps , who worked on the Hennis case , told "  Death Row Stories " that the military 's ability to prosecute a case that has already been tried is "  well-settled law . Nothing the state does actually effects what the federal government can do . " "  In a very narrow category of cases where the federal government believes an injustice has been done , then federal prosecutors will step in , " Toobin said . "  But by and large , they operate in separate spheres . " When it came down to it , the prosecution 's case in Hennis ' court-martial hinged on the DNA testing results . "  The sperm found in the vagina of Mrs. Kathryn Eastburn is the person who raped and slaughtered her and her children . And that 's Timothy Hennis , " Maj. Matt Scott , another Army JAG attorney who worked on the case , told "  Death Row Stories . " The jury rendered a guilty verdict and sentenced Hennis to death . He now sits in solitary confinement on death row at Fort Leavenworth military prison in Kansas , awaiting appeal . But many unanswered questions remain . "  There 's a ton of physical evidence in that house that they ca n't explain , " Whisnant told CNN 's "  Death Row Stories . " A head hair was found in the Eastburns ' bed that is not Hennis ' , Whisnant said . Unidentified DNA was found under Kathryn Eastburn 's fingernails . "  We should be running that DNA against our known database , " Whisnant said . "  Let 's find out what happened . " It likely will be a long time before the final page is written in this bizarre murder mystery . Even after the appeals process is over , Hennis can not be executed without presidential approval . In recent years , that has n't happened very often . The U.S. military has not executed anyone from its ranks since 1961 .	Soldier Tim Hennis convicted in 1986 and 2010 of murdering a mother and her two girls Author : Hennis only American "  tried for his life three times after guilty and not guilty verdicts " The weird triple murder case calls into question the rules regarding double jeopardy Hennis now sits on death row in a military prison in Fort Leavenworth , Kansas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House Wednesday said it was "  puzzled " by a former spokesman 's memoir in which he accuses the Bush administration of being mired in propaganda and political spin and at times playing loose with the truth . Former White House spokesman Scott McClellan blasts President Bush and advisers in a new book . In excerpts from a 341-page book to be released Monday , Scott McClellan writes on the war in Iraq that Bush "  and his advisers confused the propaganda campaign with the high level of candor and honesty so fundamentally needed to build and then sustain public support during a time of war . " " -LSB- I -RSB- n this regard , he was terribly ill-served by his top advisers , especially those involved directly in national security , " McClellan wrote . White House spokeswoman Dana Perino called McClellan 's description of his time at the White House "  sad . " Read excerpts from the book " "  Scott , we now know , is disgruntled about his experience at the White House , " Perino said . "  For those of us who fully supported him , before , during and after he was press secretary , we are puzzled . It is sad . This is not the Scott we knew . " McClellan 's former White House colleagues had harsher reactions to McClellan 's book . Frances Townsend , former Homeland Security adviser to Bush , said advisers to the president should speak up when they have policy concerns . "  Scott never did that on any of these issues as best I can remember or as best as I know from any of my White House colleagues , " said Townsend , now a CNN contributor . "  For him to do this now strikes me as self-serving , disingenuous and unprofessional . " Fox News contributor and former White House adviser Karl Rove said on that network Tuesday that the excerpts from the book he 's read sound more like they were written by a "  left-wing blogger " than his former colleague . Rove declined to comment to CNN after the Fox News interview . In a brief phone conversation with CNN Tuesday evening , McClellan made clear that he stands behind the accuracy of his book . McClellan said he can not give on-the-record quotes yet because of an agreement with his publisher . Watch further details emerge from McClellan 's book " Another former Bush aide-turned-critic says the reaction to McClellan 's book by his former colleagues has a familiar ring to it . "  They 're saying some of the exact same things about McClellan they said about me , " Richard Clarke , the former White House counterterrorism chief , told CNN . Clarke left government in 2003 . The following year , he accused President Bush of ignoring warnings about the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington and of using the attacks to push for war with Iraq . But Clarke gave McClellan little credit for speaking out now . "  I think the difference with McClellan 's book is he 's now telling us something we all know -- that the war with Iraq was a disastrous war -LSB- and -RSB- was sold with deception . It 's a little different when you say something as I did and a few other people did four or five years ago , when the war was popular and when we were unpopular for saying what we said . " Besides his criticism of how the administration handled the run-up to the Iraq war , McClellan also sharply criticizes the administration on its handling of Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath in the book . "  One of the worst disasters in our nation 's history became one of the biggest disasters in Bush 's presidency , " he wrote . "  Katrina and the botched federal response to it would largely come to define Bush 's second term . " Early in the book , which CNN obtained late Tuesday , McClellan wrote that he believes he told untruths on Bush 's behalf in the case of CIA agent Valerie Plame , whose identity was leaked to the media . Rove and fellow White House advisers Elliot Abrams and I. Lewis "  Scooter " Libby were accused of leaking the name of Plame -- whose husband , former U.S. ambassador Joseph Wilson , had gone public with charges the Bush administration had "  twisted " facts to justify the war in Iraq . Libby was convicted last year of lying to a grand jury and federal agents investigating the leak . Bush commuted his 30-month prison term , calling it excessive . At the time , McClellan called the three "  good individuals " and said he spoke to them before telling reporters they were not involved . "  I had allowed myself to be deceived into unknowingly passing along a falsehood , " he wrote . "  It would ultimately prove fatal to my ability to serve the president effectively . " McClellan wrote he did n't realize what he said was untrue until reporters began digging up details of the case almost two years later . A former spokesman for Bush when he was governor of Texas , McClellan was named White House press secretary in 2003 , replacing Ari Fleischer . McClellan had previously been a deputy press secretary and was the traveling spokesman for the Bush campaign during the 2000 election . He announced he was resigning in April 2006 at a news conference with Bush . "  One of these days , he and I are going to be rocking in chairs in Texas talking about the good old days of his time as the press secretary , " Bush said at that conference . "  And I can assure you , I will feel the same way then that I feel now , that I can say to Scott , job well done . " CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is not the Scott we knew , " White House spokeswoman says NEW : Former colleague calls Bush ex-aide 's book "  self-serving " and "  disingenuous " Scott McClellan 's coming book is harsh on President Bush and his advisers Book : Bush "  confused the propaganda campaign " with honesty
CNN  -- The streak of light that blazed across southwestern U.S. skies and stoked burning curiosity across the social media landscape was probably a tiny and bright meteor known as a fireball , a NASA spokeswoman said Thursday . Veronica McGregor , spokeswoman at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , called it a rarely seen and exciting treat for the legions of people who glanced to the heavens on Wednesday night . Law enforcement and media in Phoenix , Los Angeles and Las Vegas were fielding calls of the reported sighting . It quickly became a hot topic on a number of social media websites with most asking , "  Did you see it ? What was that ? " "  For all the millions of people that called , they can scratch that off their bucket list . They are very lucky to see a fireball , " McGregor said . McGregor told CNN the object eyeballed in the sky on Wednesday night was probably the size of a baseball or a basketball , based on descriptions reported to police and across the internet . The fireball was a tiny chunk of an asteroid that became a meteor when it hit the atmosphere , McGregor said . While it probably incinerated before it reached ground , it 's not impossible that a pebble-sized meteorite survived the trip . McGregor said such small objects pose no danger but noted that scientists are regularly keeping their eyes on asteroids that could cause issues . "  Fireballs are actually extremely common , " she said . "  They happen every day somewhere over our globe . " Many officials initially theorized the object was a meteor . Lt. Justin Griffin of the Maricopa Sheriff Department in Arizona was trying to guess what the strange light was and said he believes "  it was a meteorite travelling from north to south across Maricopa County . He said the 911 call center received a flood of calls , but there were no reports of impact or damage . "  People are , indeed , reporting they saw a light head from west to east across the sky . We got reports from CHP and the FAA about callers seeing the light . It is reasonable to say that it may be a meteor , " Curt Kaplan , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service , told CNN affiliate KCAL . There were no reports of aircraft incidents across Southern California , Ian Gregor , a Federal Aviation Administration , spokesman said . NASA officials have announced the now-defunct Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite is expected to fall back to Earth in the coming weeks , but that is expected to happen in a week to 10 days , NASA spokesman Steve Cole said . Fireballs generally go unnoticed because they whiz over oceans and uninhabited regions , according to the American Meteor Society . Also , the society said , "  those that occur at night also stand little chance of being detected due to the relatively low numbers of persons out to notice them . " But they can grab attention when they streak during the evening hours above a highly populated area . The society says "  the brighter the fireball , the more rare is the event . " McGregor said , "  We think everybody should have the opportunity to see a fireball . " CNN 's Rosalina Nieves and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	The object was probably the size of a basketball or baseball The sighting quickly becomes a hot topic on a number of social media website "  The 911 call center received a flood of calls , " an Arizona officer says
CNN  -- Three people -- a surgeon , a medical technician and a pilot -- were killed Monday when a medical helicopter crashed in Florida , the Mayo Clinic said . The helicopter crashed at about 5:23 a.m. ET about 12 miles northeast of Palatka , Florida , according to Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen . The clinic said the helicopter was carrying two employees to the University of Florida in Gainesville to harvest organs when the crash occurred . It identified those employees Monday as cardiac surgeon Dr. Luis Bonilla and procurement technician David Hines . "  A helicopter pilot who was not employed by Mayo also died in the accident , " the clinic said in a statement . The helicopter was owned and operated by an outside company , and the clinic did not release the name of the pilot . No patients were on board , the clinic said . "  Mayo is working internally to support the family and employees of those lost in this unfortunate tragedy , " the clinic said . Palatka is about 45 miles east of Gainesville . The helicopter was owned by SK Jets , according to the FAA . The company has not commented on the crash . "  As we mourn this tragic event , we will remember the selfless and intense dedication they brought to making a difference in the lives of our patients , " said John Noseworthy , Mayo Clinic 's president and CEO , in the statement . "  We recognize the commitment our transplant teams make every day in helping patients at Mayo Clinic and beyond . Our thoughts and prayers are with the families . " CNN 's Antoinette Campbell , Sara Pratley and Devon Sayers contributed to this report	NEW : A surgeon and medical technician were killed in the crash , the Mayo Clinic says NEW : The helicopter 's pilot also died , the clinic says The clinic employees were headed to the University of Florida for transplant organs
CNN  -- A dry and mild spring led Don Villwock , like all of Indiana 's corn and soybean farmers , to plant two weeks early this year . He was hopeful for a bountiful Labor Day harvest . But the rain did n't fall and June brought blistering heat . Now , as punishing drought grips the Midwest , Villwock , 61 , walks his hard-hit 4,000 acres in southwest Indiana in utter dismay . Where there should have been tall , dark green , leafy plants , there now stand corn stalks that are waist high or , at best , chest high . They are pale in color and spindly . Fragile . Tired . Pull back an ear 's husk and you find no kernels , he says . With temperatures rising above 95 degrees , the pollen starts to die . "  It 's emotionally draining , " he said . "  The crop got out of the ground very well . We were so optimistic . But maybe a few of us were counting our eggs before they were hatched . " The costs of America 's worst drought in 24 years is obvious to Villwock , who has been farming for four decades . They are not so apparent to American consumers -- at least , not yet . But down the line , people are certain to be paying more for food this year . Authorities have declared more than 1,000 counties in 26 states as natural disaster areas . A county is generally qualified as a natural disaster area if it has suffered severe drought for eight consecutive weeks . Farmers are then eligible for low-interest emergency loans from the Department of Agriculture 's Farm Service Agency . Is the drought hitting your area ? Let us know how you 're coping on CNN iReport . As of Tuesday , 61 % of land in the lower 48 states was experiencing drought conditions -- stretching from Nevada to South Carolina -- the highest percentage in the 12-year record of the U.S. Drought Monitor . The parched conditions come after some areas of the United States suffered record-setting heat waves , killer storms and blazing wildfires . In America 's Corn Belt , the prognosis for farmers is grim as fields and pastures become drier by the day . Villwock says the drought is already larger in scope than in 1988 , and he fears it will intensify to become worse . Many areas in the southern Midwest are reporting the poorest conditions for June since 1988 . Corn prices pop after lower production forecast "  In the hottest areas last week , which were generally dry , crop conditions deteriorated quickly , " writes Rich Tinker , author of the Drought Monitor . He says 30 % of the corn crop in the 18 primary corn-growing states is now in poor or very poor condition , up from 22 % the previous week . Half of America 's pastures and ranges are in poor or very poor condition , up from 28 % in mid-June , he says . Think it 's hot ? Imagine living here The sizzling conditions have also led to a dramatic increase in wildfire activity since mid-June , shortly after the High Park Fire ignited near Fort Collins , Colorado . During the past three weeks , acres scorched by wildfires went up from 1.1 million to 3.1 million . The past 12 months have been the warmest the United States has experienced since the dawn of record-keeping in 1895 , the National Climatic Data Center said earlier this week . In Indiana , with water reservoirs at low levels , a mandatory water ban began Friday at noon in Indianapolis in hopes of saving an additional 25 million gallons a day . The ban mainly affects lawn watering . At Bilskie 's Market in Indianapolis , owner Jim Bilskie says he has offered customers local produce for 40 years . This year , he 's paying more for fruits and vegetables and says he has to pass on the costs . "  The cost is high now , " Bilskie told CNN affiliate WTHR . "  The wholesaler is n't making money . The cost is going up . We 're not making money . It 's outrageous . " Mother nature 's kill list Iowa farmer Dave Miller , 60 , has not seen rain in 21 days . His corn looked good until about two weeks ago when the soaring temperatures turned killer . "  I 'm about 50 percent short of needed moisture , " he said . "  In parts of southern Indiana , southern Illinois , they have been much drier for a longer period . We looked good , compared to them . " At this stage , Miller needs 2 inches of rain right away to carry his corn crop as well as his soybeans , which will start aborting pods without adequate moisture . It will be challenging for many farmers , who often pay $ 800 to $ 1,000 per acre to plant a crop . Consumers will be hurting as well down the line when they feel the drought in their pocketbooks , says Miller , who is also the director of research and commodity services at the Iowa Farm Bureau . Corn prices have climbed 45 % already , Miller says ; soybeans , 22 % . "  In the short run , that does n't show up in the grocery store , " he said , since most of this corn is used as livestock feed . In fact , he said , meat prices could fall at first if farmers slaughter more animals to decrease the cost of buying feed . But eventually , Americans will pay more at the checkout counter . "  It 's likely that in three to six months from now , you will start seeing an increase in prices in the meat case , " Miller said . "  There will be a quicker impact on eggs and poultry because the production cycle is shorter . " And even milk could see 4 % to 6 % price hikes if there are reductions in dairy herds . Villwock , the Indiana farmer , says he must wait now until the fall of 2013 before he can hope for a full harvest . Harsh weather affects everyone , but farmers are especially at the whim of Mother Nature , he says . Meanwhile in Iowa , the forecast Friday included a 30 % chance of rain , filling many hearts with hope . But last time Miller checked his radar , not one drop had fallen on his 350 acres . Extreme weather : Get ready to see more of it , scientists say	Farmers like Don Villwock in Indiana are worried about poor yields They planted early and were optimistic for bountiful crops But drought and record-setting temperatures have damaged corn and soybeans The drought stretches from Nevada to South Carolina
New York  CNN  -- AT&T apologized to a customer Thursday after one of its agents left a message on a customer 's voicemail warning him that he would receive a cease-and-desist letter after the customer e-mailed AT&T 's CEO directly about some complaints . Giorgio Galante , an AT&T customer and iPhone owner since 2008 from Buffalo , New York , told CNN that he was dissatisfied with the company 's handling of questions surrounding his iPhone upgrade eligibility dates . He was also displeased with the recent news of AT&T 's pricing plan restructuring , which , among other things , will end unlimited data plans . He decided to e-mail CEO Randall Stephenson directly about his issues "  Please do n't have one of your $ 12/hour ` Executive Relations ' college students call me -- I 've found them to be generally poorly informed  Engadget.com readers know more than they do about AT&T  and they have little authority to do anything sensible , " reads a portion of Galante 's e-mail to Stephenson . He posted this e-mail , along with the offending voicemail , on his blog , "  So Long , and Thanks for All the Fish , " which he began Wednesday after receiving the message . "  After I sent the e-mail out -LSB- last week -RSB- , on Wednesday I got that nasty gram back in the form of a voicemail , " Galante told CNN . The message , left by an employee at the company 's Executive Response Team , warns Galante that if he continues to e-mail the CEO , "  a cease-and-desist letter may be sent to you . " AT&T told CNN on Thursday in a statement about the incident , "  We are apologizing to our customer . We 're working with him today to address his questions and concerns . This is not the way we want to treat customers . From Facebook to significant customer service channels , AT&T strives to provide our customers with easy ways to have their questions addressed . " Galante said he was n't necessarily expecting a response from Stephenson , but he felt that he was at least providing customer feedback to the CEO . He said that he accepted AT&T 's apology but wondered why Stephenson was so "  out of touch " and wished he had received a phone call directly from the CEO . Galante said he received a personal phone call from a senior vice president at the company . He said the executive was "  extremely apologetic " and asked whether there was anything she could do to keep him as a customer . No such luck for AT&T , as Galante is switching to Sprint 's new HTC Evo phone immediately . CNN 's Amy Sahba contributed to this report	AT&T customer Giorgio Galante contacts CEO Randall Stephenson directly via e-mail AT&T agent leaves voicemail warning Galante he risks a cease-and-desist letter Company apologizes to Galante for way it handled situation ; he accepts apology Keeping his AT&T - serviced iPhone is another matter , Galante says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A key architect of Republican Sen. John McCain 's 2008 presidential campaign has urged conservatives to drop their opposition to same-sex marriage . Steve Schmidt served as Sen. John McCain 's presidential campaign manager in 2008 . In a speech Friday to Log Cabin Republicans , a conservative gay rights group , Steve Schmidt said allowing same-sex marriage is in line with the conservative credo of keeping government out of people 's private lives . "  There is a sound conservative argument to be made for same-sex marriage , " Schmidt , who was McCain 's campaign manager , told the group . "  I believe conservatives , more than liberals , insist that rights come with responsibilities . No other exercise of one 's liberty comes with greater responsibilities than marriage . In a marriage , two people are completely responsible to and for each other . " He added : "  If you are not willing to accept and faithfully discharge those responsibilities , you should n't enter the state of matrimony , and it does n't make a damn bit of difference if you 're straight or gay . It is a responsibility like no other , which can and should make marriage an association between two human beings more fulfilling than any other . " Schmidt told CNN that the GOP must become more open if it wants to reverse a shrinking coalition , especially among younger , more accepting voters . Watch more of Schmidt 's take on the GOP " "  People are turned off in large measure by what they see as intolerance coming out of the party , " he said . Schmidt says he knows his is a minority view . In the presidential campaign , McCain ran against same-sex marriage . "  I do n't honestly expect our party will reverse in the very near term its opposition to same sex marriage . Nor do I yet see support for it from a strong majority of the general public , " Schmidt told the Log Cabin Republicans . "  And , I do believe that such a highly charged political question such as this should be settled by the freely expressed will of the people , and not by the courts . " So what will change Republicans ' mindset ? "  One of the things that has definitely impacted my views on these issues and an evolution of thought over time is having a gay sibling , " Schmidt told CNN . "  As Americans get to know gay couples and or have gay family members , or work associates ... they come to understand that these relationships are deep and worth being respect and being protected . " Log Cabin Republicans say they hope other party leaders now realize that election losses prove the GOP catered too much to social conservatives . "  It 's great that the Republican Party is going through this soul-searching at this moment right now , " said Charles Moran , president of the Los Angeles chapter of the Log Cabin Republicans . "  Republicans are thinking outside the box . " These days , their grassroots organization is reaching out to sympathetic Republicans in states debating same-sex marriage initiatives , such as New Hampshire . Recently , Iowa and Vermont approved same-sex marriages . In April , the District of Columbia Council voted to allow same-sex marriages from around the country to be recognized there , though the measure still needs to be debated in Congress . All legislation in the district must pass congressional muster . And just Thursday , New York Gov. David Paterson , a Democrat , said he plans to introduce a bill in the state Assembly to legalize same-sex marriage . And this week , another Republican group -- GOProud -- formed to push a broader agenda , advocating traditional conservative issues such as low taxes and smaller government . "  There 's this misconception that if you 're gay , you 're liberal ... just like there 's a misconception that if you 're conservative , you 're a bigot , " said Jimmy LaSalvia of GOProud . Gay Republicans say they often get asked a basic question : Why are you Republican ? Most argue that they believe in the principle of limited government . In fact , nearly 3 in 10 self-identified gays and lesbians voted Republican in the last presidential election , according to exit polling . But while Schmidt admitted that it will be a tough challenge for the party to accept same-sex marriage , there could be hope down the road . "  I 'm confident American public opinion will continue to move on the question toward majority support , and sooner or later the Republican Party will catch up to it , " he told the gathering . "  And I believe the nation 's acceptance of same sex unions as lawful marriage would provide a far more secure guarantee that the change made to this profoundly important social institution will be permanent than would judicial fiat . " CNN 's Evan Glass and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Steve Schmidt served as Sen. McCain 's presidential campaign manager Schmidt spoke to Log Cabin Republicans on Friday Conservatives should embrace same-sex marriage , Schmidt told the group The party , he argued , will grow by accepting gay rights
