CNN  -- Leading figures from Poland to the United States have been paying tribute to Marek Edelman , the anti-Nazi resistance fighter and Solidarity movement supporter who died Friday . Marek Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in World War II . Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising , "  the largest , symbolically most important Jewish uprising " against the Nazis during World War II , according to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum . Polish President Lech Kaczynski and Prime Minister Donald Tusk both issued statements mourning Edelman . Tusk called him an "  exceptional man , " saying "  his bravery was a testament to the courage of the fighters of the Jewish Fighting Organization , " as the largest Jewish resistance movement in the ghetto was known . The prime minister also praised him for standing up against the Polish Communist government 's anti-Semitic campaign of 1968 , and hailed him as an example for free , democratic Poland . The U.S. State Department saluted "  his life dedicated to the defense of human dignity and freedom . The United States stands with Poland as it mourns the loss of a great man . " Edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising , in which Jews fought Nazi efforts to send them to concentration camps . Armed with pistols , some rifles and automatic weapons , and hand-made grenades , the resistance fighters attacked the Germans and their allies when they tried to liquidate the Warsaw Ghetto in April 1943 . The Nazis had planned to round up all the ghetto 's Jews in three days , but in the end it took them more than a month -- longer than some countries held out against Hitler 's armies . The Nazis reduced the ghetto to rubble in the process of flushing resistance fighters out of their bunkers . Edelman was in one of the last groups to hold out in the headquarters of the Jewish Fighting Organization at 18 Mila Street . In the final days of the uprising he was able to sneak out of the ghetto by way of the city 's sewers , he wrote after the war . He went on to fight in the Warsaw Polish Uprising , a two-month battle against the Nazis in 1944 , undertaken primarily by non-Jewish Poles . After the war , Edelman became a cardiologist . In the late 1940s , he published a short history of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in Polish , Yiddish , and English , called "  The Ghetto Fights . " In it , he described the creation of the ghetto by the Nazis . "  In November 1940 , the Germans finally established the Warsaw Ghetto . The Jewish population still living outside the ` Seuchensperrgebiet '  ` Quarantined Zone '  was brought inside the special area . Poles living within the designated ghetto boundaries were ordered to move out , " he wrote . "  Beginning with November 15 , no Jew was allowed to leave the Jewish precincts . All houses vacated by Jews were immediately locked by the Germans and then , with all their contents , gratuitously given to Polish merchants and hucksters ... . The walls and barbed wire surrounding the ghetto grew higher every day until , on November 15 , they completely cut off the Jews from the outside world . " Hunger and disease were rife in the ghetto , he wrote . "  People began to die of hunger in the streets . Every morning , about 4-5 a.m. , funeral carts collected a dozen or more corpses on the streets that had been covered with a sheet of paper and weighted down with a few rocks . Some simply fell in the streets and remained there , " Edelman remembered . Jews organized a local government and Socialist unions , but conditions became progressively worse in the ghetto , with the Nazis summarily executing people . Nazis then began deporting Jews to concentration camps -- sometimes with the help of Jewish collaborators in the ghetto -- Edelman wrote . By that time , many in the ghetto knew the Nazis were systematically murdering Jews in the camps , he recalled . He describes in detail the spring 1943 uprising , a street-by-street battle that ended with the ghetto in ruins . Edelman 's history finishes simply , listing the handful of survivors of the hundreds who fought back . "  Those who had gone over to the ` Aryan side ' continued the partisan fight in the woods . The majority perished eventually . The small group that was still alive at the time took an active part in the 1944 Warsaw Uprising as the ` ZOB Group . ' At present the following of our comrades are still among the living : Chajka Betchatowska , B. Szpigel , Chana Krysztal , Masza Glejtman , and Marek Edelman . " During the early 1980s Edelman was active with Solidarity , the Polish trade union movement that opposed the Communist government . French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner awarded him the Legion of Honor in 2008 , on a visit to Poland marking the 65th anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising . Edelman was born in 1921 , according to Yad Vashem , Israel 's Holocaust museum . He was buried in Warsaw 's Jewish cemetery on Friday , the Jewish Telegraphic Agency reported	Marek Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising Both Polish President Lech Kaczynski and Prime Minister Donald Tusk pay tribute Edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising During early 1980s Edelman was active with Polish trade union movement , Solidarity
CNN  -- A superpower needs a super attention span . Unfortunately , Americans seem to take little interest in the troubles of the world around them , even when those troubles threaten soon to vex Americans themselves . Americans fought two world wars -- and faced nuclear annihilation in a protracted Cold War -- to defend the freedom of Europe . In the thrilling days of 1989-91 , four generations of American sacrifice were magnificently vindicated . The communist regimes of central Europe collapsed . The Soviet Union itself broke apart into smaller and less threatening pieces . For four centuries , the rulers of Russia had sought security for themselves by dominating first their own people , then their neighbors , then their neighbors ' neighbors , then their neighbors ' neighbors ' neighbors ... until their power extended from Berlin to the Pacific Ocean . Then , abruptly , that imperial project broke apart . Subject nations regained their freedom . The Russians themselves gained a new opportunity -- perhaps the first in their national existence -- to choose a government that served its people . Ukraine protesters block government offices , call for strike The former rulers , unfortunately , had other ideas . Democracy did not take root in Russia after 1991 . How and why it failed is a long story , with many villains , but let 's cut to the end result : A former top officer of the KGB maneuvered his way into the Russian presidency in 1999-2000 . Vladimir Putin restored to power the old secret police apparatus . Since then , Putin and his coterie have attempted to reconstitute as much of the old Soviet Union as they could , while plundering Russia 's wealth for themselves . One step to that reconstitution of the Soviet Union was absolutely indispensable : Reasserting Moscow 's power over Ukraine . No nation suffered more from Soviet communism than the Ukrainians . Ukrainian farmers lost their lands and homes to Soviet collectivization in the 1920s ; millions died in the man-made famine that followed in the 1930s . Their language and culture were stunted under Moscow rule ; their intellectuals and writers were suppressed , banished , murdered , and defamed . In 1991 , Ukrainians seized their chance to build a country of their own . Ukrainian independence liberated not only the Ukrainian people , but all Europe . Russia without the nearly 46 million people and vast natural resources of the Ukraine is a large and powerful country , but it is no superpower . Since Putin 's entry into power , Russia minus Ukraine has sought to influence and corrupt the democracies of Europe . A Russia that reintegrated Ukraine would possess the power -- like the Soviet Union of old -- to intimidate and bully democratic Europe . Russia minus Ukraine can aspire to become a normal nation state , a democracy , even a liberal democracy . A Russia that holds Ukraine by force must forever be a militarized authoritarian regime , a menace to its own people as much as to the rest of the European continent and the democratic world . Upholding Ukrainian independence is thus a deep concern , not only to the Ukrainians , but to all the free countries of Europe -- and thus to the United States , free-Europe 's security and trading partner . Vladimir Putin understands all this too , and he does n't like any of it . Since he came to power , he 's worked to undermine and subvert Ukrainian independence . He has been successful . Ukraine imports its oil and natural gas from Russia , and Putin has used energy dependency to sway Ukrainian politics and bribe Ukraine 's dauntingly corrupt leaders . But every once in a while , Putin goes too far . He went too far in 2004 , collaborating with Ukrainian former communists to rig a presidential election . Blatant fraud inspired Ukraine 's famous "  Orange Revolution " -- and a temporary swing in Ukraine 's political orientation to the West . Now Putin is trying again -- and again he is meeting massive resistance in the Ukrainian streets . Over the past years , the European Union negotiated a trade pact with Ukraine . The pact would enrich ordinary Ukrainians , today the third poorest people in Europe , after the Kosovars and Moldovans . The pact would lessen Ukraine 's economic dependence on Russia -- and prepare the way for Ukraine 's own eventual membership in the EU . Under extreme Russian pressure , the Ukrainian president -- the very same man whose election fraud triggered the Orange Revolution nine years ago -- has repudiated his own treaty , and his country 's best hopes . Tens of thousands of protesters have filled the streets and squares of the capital , Kiev , two weekends in a row . Police have suppressed the protests brutally , injuring many people . The regime 's controlled courts have banned any further public demonstrations until January . German Chancellor Angela Merkel expressed disappointment in muted tones after a November 28 summit with the Ukrainian leadership : "  Unfortunately not all expectations have been fulfilled . We will make very clear here that the EU is ready to accept Ukraine as an associate member , to sign the association treaty . Then we will see . We have no hope that it will happen this time , but the door is open . " Do n't be fooled by the muted words , however . What 's at stake in the streets of Kiev is the future of the European continent -- and American prosperity and security . An inward-looking America is averting its attention from its own most important interests and highest ideals . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Democracy failed in Russia and a top officer of KGB , Vladimir Putin , became president Frum : Putin and his coterie want to resurrect Soviet Union and want to keep Ukraine in thrall Frum : Ukrainians want to enter EU and lessen dependence on Russia ; Putin fighting to stop it He says Ukrainian protests met with brutal suppression ; time for U.S. to pay attention
CNN  -- South Korea 's Ji Dong-Won grabbed a dramatic injury-time winner as Sunderland stunned English Premier League leaders Manchester City 1-0 at the Stadium of Light Sunday . The upset result left City ahead of champions Manchester United on goal difference , having gone into the match hoping to open up a three-point lead after their neighbors were beaten 3-2 by Blackburn 24 hours earlier . Instead , Roberto Mancini 's men were left to reflect on a wasted opportunity with cavalier defending in the dying moments costing them even a point . Sunderland , who had been penned in their area for much of the final few minutes , broke upfield and had a two-man advantage as Stephane Sessegnon played in Ji . Ferguson 's birthday celebrations ruined On as a substitute for Niklas Bendtner , he beat England goalkeeper Joe Hart with a composed finish . Moments before City substitute Micah Richards had thumped the crossbar after Simon Mignolet parried a David Silva shot . Edin Dzeko hit the woodwork in the first half as the leaders dominated possession , but the home side also had clear-cut chances . Bendtner wasted his before the break and Sessegnon screwed his effort wide in the second half . The three points lifted Sunderland , who have been revived under new manager Martin O'Neill , to 13th place , six points clear of the drop zone . City must now entertain Liverpool on Tuesday night as they look to get their title challenge back on firmer footing . Mancini bemoaned his side 's luck after the surprise defeat . "  We deserved to win this game , " he told Sky Sports . "  It 's incredible . "  This is football . I do n't know how many chances we had , " the Italian added . "  We missed a big opportunity today because we had a chance to go three points on Manchester United . " It completed a weekend of upsets with none of the top five , bar Arsenal , winning . Tottenham stayed in third , six points behind the Manchester pair with a game in hand , after being held at Swansea . In Sunday 's other game , Nigerian international Victor Anichebe came off the bench to score the only goal of the game in Everton 's 1-0 win away to West Bromwich Albion .	Sunderland beat EPL leaders Manchester City 1-0 South Korean Ji Dong-Won grabs injury-time winner City stay on top on goal difference from Manchester United Everton win 1-0 at West Bromwich Albion
CNN  -- A North Korean rocket slated for launch sometime early next month can be clearly seen in a satellite photograph taken Sunday , the Institute for Science and International Security said Sunday . The latest satellite image shows a rocket sitting on its launch pad in the north east of the country . The satellite imagery , obtained by the ISIS from DigitalGlobe , is said to show the rocket at the Musudan-ri launch site in northeastern North Korea . The image casts a shadow on the ground below . CNN could not independently confirm the information provided by the institute , led by former U.N. nuclear inspector David Albright . Defense Department officials were not immediately available for comment . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Sunday there is little doubt that the planned launch is designed to bolster that North Korea 's military capability . He also indicated that the U.S. military could be prepared to shoot down a North Korean missile if the rogue regime develops the capability to reach Hawaii or the western continental United States in a future launch . The North Korean government says it will launch a commercial satellite atop a rocket sometime between April 4 and April 8 . "  I do n't know anyone at a senior level in the American government who does not believe this technology is intended as a mask for the development of an intercontinental ballistic missile , " Gates said during an appearance on "  Fox News Sunday . " Gates noted that while the United States believes it is North Korea 's "  long-term intent " to add a nuclear warhead to any such missile , he "  personally would be skeptical that they have the ability right now to do that . " Japan recently mobilized its missile defense system -- an unprecedented step -- in response to the planned North Korean launch , Japanese officials said . The move , noteworthy for a country with a pacifist constitution , is aimed at shooting down any debris from the launch that might fall into Japanese territory . In a concurrent response , U.S. Navy ships capable of shooting down ballistic missiles are being moved to the Sea of Japan , a Navy spokesman said Thursday . Gates said that the U.S. military could shoot down "  an aberrant missile , one that was headed for Hawaii ... or something like that , we might consider it , but I do n't think we have any plans to  do  anything like that at this point . " He does not believe North Korea currently has the technology to reach Alaska or Pacific coast . Gates said that impending missile launch is a clear demonstration of the failure of the recent six-party talks to disarm the North Korean regime . "  It 's very troubling . The reality is that the six-party talks really have not made any headway any time recently , " he said . "  If  the missile launch  is Kim Jong-Il 's welcoming present to a new president ... it says a lot about the imperviousness of this regime in North Korea to any kind of diplomatic overtures . " Gates said that he believes economic sanctions are the best tool to getting countries like North Korea and Iran to the negotiating table . Both countries are believed by the United States and other Western nations to be trying to acquire a nuclear capability .	Satellite imagery shows rocket at launch site in northeastern North Korea North Korea says it will launch a commercial satellite atop a rocket between April 4-8 U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates says rocket aims to boost military capability U.S. Navy ships capable of shooting down missiles moved to Sea of Japan
CNN  -- What most of us take for granted , assuming you are reading this page , has become an obsession for our next member of Be the Change , who is from the U.S. . At 26 , Jennifer Staple has already proven herself a caring and accomplished individual . Graduation from Yale University , for most over-achievers , marks the launch of a stellar career in business , politics , law or medicine . But Jennifer has put her pursuit of a medical degree at Stanford University on hold as she works to better the lives of others . It 's really quite simple . Jennifer believes everyone should be able to see , regardless of their ability to pay for something as basic as sunglasses , eyeglasses , or even sight-restoring surgery . "  It 's so satisfying and so gratifying to be able to hear the patients and their stories when they have their sight restored , " Jennifer said . This compassion followed her to Yale University , where as a sophomore she founded what is now an international non-profit organization -- Unite For Sight . Jennifer and her army of volunteers  more than 4,000 at last count  , have provided vision screening and education to some 500,000 people , free of charge . More than 9,500 people who lost their sight to cataracts and other eye disease have had their vision restored through surgeries provided by Unite for Sight volunteers . They hope to push that number to 12,000 by year 's end . It is that moment when patients open their eyes and can see again that touches Jennifer . Check out her photo gallery or link to her website and see for yourself . While Jennifer 's efforts began in her hometown , they have expanded and today Unite for Sight is hard at work in North America and roughly 10 additional countries . Jennifer will travel to Ghana and India in the coming months , as well as writing a blog about her work at home . With all this dedication to others , I asked her if she ever feels like she missed out on being a kid , or an irresponsible college student , to which she replied , "  nothing is more gratifying than being able to run the organization 's programs and help so many people throughout the world . " That 's vintage Jennifer -- her work is truly inspiring . E-mail to a friend	Jennifer Staple will report on her experiences in Ghana and India At university she founded the non-profit organization Unite For Sight She will lead a trip to take her charitable work overseas
CNN  -- Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone has reportedly cast doubt on the participation of two new teams ahead of the 2010 season , suggesting that a Serbian outfit will instead be on the starting grid in Bahrain . The Stefan Grand Prix team , owned by businessman Zoran Stefanovic , announced this week that they have already sent a container of equipment to Bahrain and will be testing drivers in Portugal later this month . Last year Stefan GP applied to take part in 2010 but missed out when Virgin Racing , Campos Meta 1 and U.S. F1 Team were handed places , and then Sauber salvaged a spot on the grid despite the pullout of BMW . Stefan GP have also announced a technical support deal with Toyota , who withdrew from F1 last year and have reportedly sold equipment and cars to the Serbians . Web site Autosport.com has reported that Stefan have been working with former McLaren chief designer Mike Coughlan , who was sacked in 2007 due to his involvement in the Ferrari spy scandal . Ecclestone told German sports paper Sport Bild that he doubted that Campos and US F1 would be ready for the opening race in Bahrain on March 15 . "  I do not believe in the participation of U.S. F1 and Campos , " the 79-year-old said . "  Instead , I have good contacts with Stefan GP and would like to give this team a good starting point . Ralf Schumacher would be the perfect driver for them , he knows the team and he has experience . " Schumacher , the younger brother of recently-returned seven-time world champion Michael , has not raced in F1 since leaving Toyota at the end of 2007 . He drove in the DTM touring car series in 2008 , finishing 14th . Autosport claims that former Williams driver Kazuki Nakajima will be involved with Stefan , who plan to launch their new car before tests at the Portimao circuit on February 25-28 . "  SGP Team will be testing with two drivers over three days . -LSB- The -RSB- identity of drivers will be announced in due course . First driver has already two years in F1 , " Stefan said on their official Web site on Tuesday .	Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone casts doubt on two new teams ahead of 2010 season Ecclestone says he believes Campos Meta and US F1 Team will not be ready He supports the introduction of Serbian team Stefan GP , who failed in entry bid Stefan have already sent equipment to Bahrain in anticipation of being involved in first race
CNN  -- Thomas Sawyer , a cancer survivor , has worn a urostomy bag for the past three years . Yet , he says , little could have prepared him for his recent airport pat down , when an officer broke the bag 's seal and urine spilled out "  onto my shirt and down my pants . " "  I 'm a good American . I know why we 're doing this , and I understand it , " Sawyer told CNN . "  But this was extremely embarrassing , and it did n't have to happen . With educated TSA workers , it would n't have happened . " With the height of Thanksgiving holiday travel the next two days , the Transportation Security Administration is trying to strike a delicate balance between ensuring the safety of the traveling public and not invading people 's privacy rights . But the screening raises an array of questions from health-care professionals : • Are TSA officers trained to deal with patients like Sawyer who may have medical conditions ? • What about the elderly and others with hip replacements and similar ailments ? • Will cancer patients have to take off wigs ? • How is the TSA dealing with pat downs of children ? • What about people with mental illness ? The TSA says it has taken all of these concerns into account -- that children are not to be separated from their parents if pat downs are deemed necessary and that travelers with medical conditions should be treated with "  the dignity , respect and courtesy they deserve . " Watch : Cancer survivor accepts TSA apology "  Our program covers all categories of disabilities -- mobility , hearing , visual and hidden , " the TSA says on its website . "  As part of that program , we established a coalition of over 70 disability-related groups and organizations to help us understand the concerns of persons with disabilities and medical conditions . " Jonathan Bricker , a psychologist at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Washington state , says he advises anyone traveling right now to come mentally prepared for the unexpected . "  Go in with an expectation that this is going to happen , and go in with the expectation that you 're going to be the one singled out to go through a pat down , " Bricker says . By doing that , people "  can take more control of the situation . " He says people with medical conditions should also carry notes from their doctors . If a tense situation does arise while being screened , passengers should think about the big picture , he says . "  There is a larger purpose to this trip that has nothing to do with the TSA and nothing to do with the government . And the purpose is : You 're visiting people you love . " The TSA has said the ramped-up use of pat downs and full-body scanning is necessary to prevent weapons and explosives from getting aboard planes . The White House on Monday said the process is evolving and that the government is taking into account the public 's concerns . "  The evolution of the security will be done with the input of those who go through the security , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said . Recent polls have shown most Americans support the measures , and a periphery glance at airports nationwide shows that the vast majority of travelers are dealing well with the extra scrutiny , even if it makes them uneasy at times . Dr. Gina Villani , the head of oncology at The Brooklyn Hospital Center , says the extra scrutiny raises concerns for cancer patients , who could have metallic dishes for chemo placed under their skin , external catheters or other necessary medical devices on their bodies . "  You can imagine during a pat down , you 're feeling this piece of metal under somebody 's skin . If you do n't know what it is , then it 's going to create a lot of problems for people , " she said . Doctors must be more aware of when their patients are traveling and write notes explaining their conditions , she says . Most of the time , though , "  patients only think about it after they 've had a terrible experience . " A doctor 's note also carries a demoralizing stigma . "  You want to go on vacation and forget you have cancer , " Villani says . "  It 's just one more reminder of how different you are from the rest of the population . " Another area of concern is the pat down of children . Craig Fabrikant , a psychologist at Hackensack University Medical Center , has simple advice for the TSA : Have officers trained to deal with children on shift at all times , and always have the parent or guardian undergo a pat down first , in front of the child . "  Why not let the child see the parent go through it , that it 's no big deal , that it 's fine , " Fabrikant says . He says it 's simple and practical advice , but he 's doubtful any of it will be used . After all , he says , it 's big government . "  Not only does it not use common sense , it does n't move that quickly . " To the agency 's credit , TSA administrator John Pistole called Sawyer to apologize Monday after he learned of the incident . The two had a cordial conversation , and Sawyer even shared some advice . "  He asked me what I thought , " Sawyer said . "  So I talked to him -- that I really do n't believe that they 've been trained as well as -LSB- they could -RSB- to handle medical conditions . "	TSA says pat downs , full-body scans are necessary to prevent weapons from getting on planes TSA trying to balance safety concerns and travelers ' right to privacy Doctors say extra scrutiny raises concerns for cancer patients , elderly , children The process is evolving , and concerns are being taken into account , White House says
CNN  -- Spain 's Marc Marquez claimed a 10th pole position in 12 attempts this season at qualifying for the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on Saturday . The Honda rider , who currently leads the MotoGP championship by 77 points , was 0.311 faster than his nearest rival , Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso . The Ducati rider was narrowly quicker than Jorge Lorenzo who finished third -- the Spaniard will be looking to complete a third successive victory at the Silverstone circuit . Lorenzo 's compatriot Aleix Espargaro is one place further back in fourth with Marquez 's nearest rival in the title race , Dani Pedrosa , finishing qualifying in fifth . Marquez , who became the sport 's youngest world champion last year , has utterly dominated 2014 winning the opening 10 races . The only blot on an otherwise perfect season came at the Czech Republic MotoGP earlier this month where he finished fourth . Read more : Marquez seeks to banish Brno blip in Britain	Spanish rider takes 10th pole in 12 attempts this season Reigning world champion has dominated 2014 and leads championship by 77 points Honda rider won opening 10 races , finished fourth in 11th GP in Czech Republic
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , Soledad O'Brien takes users inside a jail where many of the inmates are mentally ill . An inmate housed on the "  forgotten floor , " where many mentally ill inmates are housed in Miami before trial . MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The ninth floor of the Miami-Dade pretrial detention facility is dubbed the "  forgotten floor . " Here , inmates with the most severe mental illnesses are incarcerated until they 're ready to appear in court . Most often , they face drug charges or charges of assaulting an officer -- charges that Judge Steven Leifman says are usually "  avoidable felonies . " He says the arrests often result from confrontations with police . Mentally ill people often wo n't do what they 're told when police arrive on the scene -- confrontation seems to exacerbate their illness and they become more paranoid , delusional , and less likely to follow directions , according to Leifman . So , they end up on the ninth floor severely mentally disturbed , but not getting any real help because they 're in jail . We toured the jail with Leifman . He is well known in Miami as an advocate for justice and the mentally ill . Even though we were not exactly welcomed with open arms by the guards , we were given permission to shoot videotape and tour the floor . Go inside the ` forgotten floor ' " At first , it 's hard to determine where the people are . The prisoners are wearing sleeveless robes . Imagine cutting holes for arms and feet in a heavy wool sleeping bag -- that 's kind of what they look like . They 're designed to keep the mentally ill patients from injuring themselves . That 's also why they have no shoes , laces or mattresses . Leifman says about one-third of all people in Miami-Dade county jails are mentally ill . So , he says , the sheer volume is overwhelming the system , and the result is what we see on the ninth floor . Of course , it is a jail , so it 's not supposed to be warm and comforting , but the lights glare , the cells are tiny and it 's loud . We see two , sometimes three men -- sometimes in the robes , sometimes naked , lying or sitting in their cells . "  I am the son of the president . You need to get me out of here ! " one man shouts at me . He is absolutely serious , convinced that help is on the way -- if only he could reach the White House . Leifman tells me that these prisoner-patients will often circulate through the system , occasionally stabilizing in a mental hospital , only to return to jail to face their charges . It 's brutally unjust , in his mind , and he has become a strong advocate for changing things in Miami . Over a meal later , we talk about how things got this way for mental patients . Leifman says 200 years ago people were considered "  lunatics " and they were locked up in jails even if they had no charges against them . They were just considered unfit to be in society . Over the years , he says , there was some public outcry , and the mentally ill were moved out of jails and into hospitals . But Leifman says many of these mental hospitals were so horrible they were shut down . Where did the patients go ? Nowhere . The streets . They became , in many cases , the homeless , he says . They never got treatment . Leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals , and today that number has been reduced 90 percent , and 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals . The judge says he 's working to change this . Starting in 2008 , many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the "  forgotten floor " will instead be sent to a new mental health facility -- the first step on a journey toward long-term treatment , not just punishment . Leifman says it 's not the complete answer , but it 's a start . Leifman says the best part is that it 's a win-win solution . The patients win , the families are relieved , and the state saves money by simply not cycling these prisoners through again and again . And , for Leifman , justice is served . E-mail to a friend	Mentally ill inmates in Miami are housed on the "  forgotten floor " Judge Steven Leifman says most are there as a result of "  avoidable felonies " While CNN tours facility , patient shouts : "  I am the son of the president " Leifman says the system is unjust and he 's fighting for change
CNN  -- A celebration of specialness , Joss Whedon 's slick blockbuster "  The Avengers " presents what may be the ultimate team : half a dozen Marvel Comics superheroes for the price of one . You do n't need me to tell you it 's the culmination of a five-year plan that began with Samuel L. Jackson 's Nick Fury taking Tony Stark aside at the end of the first "  Iron Man " to tip him off as to the "  Avengers Initative . " There is a bigger picture , he told him -- and here it is : The be-all but not  they 're hoping  the end-all of the current craze for CGI-enhanced superheroics . Interspersing flip one-liners with a host of larger-than-life characters and the usual flurry of fight-and-flight scenes , the film is never less than amusing . Still , it 's never more than amusing either . Marvel Studios has made it a point of pride to diverge from the grim severity popularized in the DC / Warner Bros Batman films . The lightness is fun but it does n't offer much of a foundation on which to build an epic . And let 's face it , there 's more than a whiff of opportunism about a project that pits a defrosted World War II hero , Captain America  Chris Evans  , an inventor-industrialist , Iron Man  Robert Downey Jr.  , the pagan lightning god , Thor  Chris Hemsworth  , a scientist with anger-management issues , Hulk  Mark Ruffalo  , and SHIELD agents Black Widow  Scarlett Johansson  and Hawkeye  Jeremy Renner  against the Norse god of mischief , Loki  Tom Hiddleston  and a legion of marauding aliens . In 3-D . Still , Whedon  who shares a screenplay credit with Zak Penn  is a very sharp operator . He knows which buttons to press and where there 's room for a little diversion . The improbability of this misfit coalition becomes the movie 's most rewarding asset . Imagine the bristling egos of so many power players cooped up in the same room ! The movie delivers the kind of pleasures usually reserved for fan fiction or playground stand-offs . Not surprisingly , Robert Downey Jr. 's flip , cynical Stark  Iron Man  gets a good measure of the movie 's best lines , bouncing off Steve Rogers '  Captain America  boy scout idealism and Thor 's guileless sledgehammer style  sometimes literally  . Whedon also crafts a couple of choice scenes beautifully tailored for Scarlett Johansson 's Black Widow , a far more interesting character here than she appeared to be in "  Iron Man 2 . " But no question , the movie 's not-so-secret weapon is Hulk . Share your review of "  The Avengers " Mark Ruffalo is the third actor to play Bruce Banner/Hulk in the past decade , and even though the soft-spoken star would seem to have the longest fuse  when we first see him he 's tending to the sick in an Indian slum  he 's immediately both more dangerous and more fun than either Edward Norton or Eric Bana in the same role . Whedon gives him a long build up . For the first hour of the movie we 're invited to speculate along with his new allies just how much havoc Banner 's rampaging id might cause . Then the leash comes off ! Never underestimate the entertainment value of the Hulk Smash . That 's probably the most important lesson to be drawn here , and one that clearly has n't been lost on the filmmakers , who have reportedly signed Ruffalo to a six-picture deal . Beyond that , the movie wants us to believe that these action figures have learned to play nice and work as a team -- which is good news for humanity , but maybe not so promising for the inevitable sequels . A climax on the war-torn streets of Manhattan could almost be an extended outtake from the last "  Transformers " flick -- Whedon can only push the blockbuster form so far -- but if it 's a Friday Night SmackDown you 're after , "  Avengers " gets the job done .	"  The Avengers " -- interspersing flip one-liners with a host of larger-than-life characters Robert Downey Jr. 's Tony Stark gets a good measure of the movie 's best lines Mark Ruffalo is more dangerous and more fun than either Edward Norton or Eric Bana
The Italian Senate voted Wednesday to expel former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi from parliament after his conviction for tax fraud . The vote was 192 to 113 , with two abstentions . Analysts had predicted his ouster , with both the center-left Democratic Party and anti-establishment Five-Star Movement promising to vote against the 77-year-old billionaire media tycoon . The vote follows Berlusconi 's conviction on charges related to a vast tax fraud conspiracy at his Mediaset television empire . Berlusconi was convicted of tax evasion last October , sentenced to four years in prison and barred from public office for two years . The prison time was later reduced to one year of community service . The former PM had called on his supporters to protest in Rome ahead of the vote . He even asked senators to delay the ballot , claiming to have new evidence proving he did not commit tax fraud . Berlusconi , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , has dominated the lively Italian political scene for the past two decades . Despite his expulsion from parliament , he is unlikely to disappear . "  He is not out of politics , he is out of government , " James Walston , chairman of the International Relations Department at the American University of Rome , told CNN . "  He will cease being Sen. Berlusconi . " The former Prime Minister could face other headaches . The expulsion from parliament means losing a partial immunity senators hold from prosecution , and he could face charges in other cases . For years , he has also been entangled in fraud , corruption and sex scandals that have often reached the Italian courts . At a news conference Tuesday , Berlusconi 's lawyers dismissed as "  an absolutely unreal possibility " that he could face further criminal charges for other cases . Berlusconi was convicted of tax fraud in October last year over deals involving Mediaset , and the verdict was upheld in August . AMANPOUR EXPLAINS : Berlusconi turns Italy into a political Circus Maximus Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Senate votes to eject former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi He was convicted of tax fraud involving his Mediaset TV firm Berlusconi pulled his party out of a coalition government Tuesday Political wranglings cast a further shadow on Italy 's struggling economy
CNN  -- So many visitors to Turkey see little more than the beautiful but crowded Mediterranean coast or the great mosques and palaces of Istanbul . But the country is huge , and there are many more attractions away from the tourist hotspots . Relics of vanished civilizations , a vast inland sea with a water-loving cat and a Biblical mountain with views deep into Iran and Armenia are just some of the reasons to go . 1 . See it all from a train For people who like intrepid journeys but like them even more when they 're sitting or lying down , the Turkish rail system is heaven . From February 2014 , if all goes to plan , you 'll be able to whiz between Istanbul and Ankara , Turkey 's capital , on a new high speed train . East of Ankara the pace slows . The Dogu Expresi  Eastern Express  leaves nightly at 6 p.m. and takes just more than 24 hours to trundle from Ankara to Kars , almost 1,500 kilometers away in the remote northeast . It stops at the cities of Kayseri , Sivas and Erzurum , passes through the rolling fields of Anatolia and ends among snow-topped eastern mountains . The two-berth cabins have a mini-fridge stocked with mineral water and soft drinks , and washbasins with hot and cold running water . A porter makes your bed and brings drinks and snacks during the day , and there 's a dining car . You can book online at Turkish State Railways , or by phone  +90 0216 337 8724  , but the English version of the site is clunky -- it 's easier to book through a travel agent or buy tickets at a station . Tickets cost $ 45 in a one-berth cabin on the Ankara-Kars route . 2 . Hunt rare ruins It sometimes feels that you ca n't walk more than a few paces in Turkey without stubbing your toe on some millennia-old relic . Some sites -- such as ever-popular Ephesus -- are packed with visitors almost all year round . But remarkably few people visit the equally spectacular Aphrodisias , where you can wander around a square kilometer of ruined temples and theaters with only tortoises for company . The site reached its zenith around 2,000 years ago , when it was famed for its sculptors . You can see some of their work in the excellent on-site museum . Aphrodisias is around 160 kilometers from the coastal resorts of Bodrum , Marmaris or Kusadasi . The easiest way to get there is by car , and car rental is available at all resorts and at Dalaman Airport . Ancient Aphrodisias , Geyre Bedesi , Karcasu ; +90 256 448 8003 ; open  site and museum  April-October , daily 10 a.m.-7 p.m. ; November-March , daily 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ; admission TL10  $ 4.50 3 . Sail an inland sea Up to 400 meters deep and almost 120 kilometers across , Lake Van is a true inland sea . With no outlet , its waters are saturated with mineral salts that turn the shallows milky blue . In its depths , colonies of extremophile bacteria form weird , 40-meter-high towers . Only one kind of fish -- pearl mullet or inci kefali -- has adapted to live in its hyper-alkaline waters . Van is also famous for a breed of water-loving and often odd-eyed cat , and is rumored to have its own monster . You can swim in the shallows , where it 's almost impossible to sink beneath the surface . More than a thousand years ago , the lake was part of the kingdom of Armenia . The ancient Armenian Surb Kach  Holy Cross  church on Akdamar Island , three kilometers from thev lake shore , has remarkable frescoes and carvings , which have recently been restored . It can be visited by a combination of dolmus and small boat from Gevas , about 50 kilometers from Van . Grand Deniz Turizm , Van-Tatvan Highway , 40 kilometers from GevaÅŸ and Van  +90 432 612 4038  , offers boat trips to Akdamar and other islands in the lake . 4 . Cycle among mountains Turkey has thousands of miles of mountain and forest trails . Some of the most spectacular cycling country is in the Kackar mountain range and the valley of the River Coruh , where you can also go whitewater rafting . With several peaks rising well above 3,000 meters  the highest , Kackardagi , is 3,932 meters high  , these mountains are snow-covered much of the year . In summer -- the best time to visit is June to August -- they 're cooler than better known cycling spots closer to the Med . For a really big adventure , you can follow mountain roads all the way down to the Black Sea coast and fly back to Istanbul or Ankara from Trabzon . You can fly to Erzurum from Istanbul or Ankara , or take the train  see above  . The Coruh Valley is around 120 kilometers north of Erzurum and more than a thousand kilometers east of Istanbul . 5 . Follow an epic walking trail The Lycian Way feels like a path trodden by the ancients but in fact this walking route stretching from the Aegean coast to the Mediterranean was pioneered in 2000 by an Antalya-based expat , Kate Clow . For most of its length , it parallels the Lycian coast , but it soars to 1,800 meters above sea level at its highest point , the shoulder of Tahtali Dag  Mt Tahtali  . The best place to start  or finish  is the small resort of Olu Deniz -- there are village guesthouses and campsites along the way . You need at least four weeks to walk the entire 509-kilometer distance , but public transport is plentiful -- so you can walk for a week , or even just for a day or two . Several airlines fly to both Dalaman  about 50 kilometers from Olu Deniz  and Antalya from Istanbul and direct from European airports . Best times to go are April-May and October . More information at Lycianway.com or Cultureroutesinturkey.com 6 . Climb Mt. Ararat Noah 's Ark is said to have come to rest on top of Turkey 's highest mountain , the 5,137-meter Agri Dagi  Mt. Ararat  . Some believe it 's still there . From the summit of Ararat , you can see a vast swath of Turkey and deep into Iran and Armenia . Ararat is a hard slog , requiring some technical mountain skills . The terrain is rugged , and climbers must contend with extremes of heat and cold -- the highest summit is snow-covered all year , and summer temperatures at the foot of the mountain can reach more than 30 C. It 's essential to go with a trustworthy specialist company , avoiding amateur local guides who claim to know the mountain but lack skills needed for a safe trip . Getting to the top and back takes at least five days , using mules to carry tents and supplies . The ascent starts from the the city of Dogubayazit , about 1,500 kilometers east of Istanbul . Nearest major airports are at Erzurum and Van , both around 4-5 hours ' drive . Turkish Mountaineering Federation , Hani A Blok Kat 4 , 06050 Ulus , Ankara ; +90 312310 1578 Getting around Travel in Turkey is affordable and efficient . If you mix and match road , rail and air transport , there 's no part of the country you ca n't reach . Every town has its otogar  bus station  , from which air-conditioned , long-distance coaches zoom to all points of the compass . On board , you can expect free tea , soft drinks , water , snacks and a squirt of eau de cologne from smartly dressed stewards . You can buy tickets in advance , but you should shop around for the best fare , because several lines compete on each route . For shorter journeys , you can pile into a dolmus . These minibuses run on fixed routes , but not at fixed times -- they leave when they 're full . Turkish Airlines  + 90 212 444 0849  flies to Istanbul and Ankara from major cities worldwide , with connections to Antalya , Dalaman , Erzurum , Trabzon and Van from Istanbul and Ankara . Other internal airlines with extensive domestic networks include Atlasjet  +90 850 222 0000  which flies to Antalya , Erzurum and Trabzon from Istanbul ; Onur Air  +90 850 210 6687  flies to Antalya , Dalaman , Erzurum and Trabzon from Istanbul ; Pegasus  +90 850 250 0737  flies to Erzurum and Van from Istanbul and Ankara . GoTurkey.com is the official Turkish national tourist office site .	Turkey is huge yet most visitors stick to a tiny part of it Ancient ruins abound -- some of the best are weirdly under-visited There 's an inland sea with a water-loving , odd-eyed cat And a mountain where Noah 's Ark got stuck -- apparently
CNN  -- Call it the Super Bowl MVP -- the most valuable power outage . For 35 bewildering minutes Sunday night , the Super Bowl showdown between the Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers ground to a halt when half of the lights in the New Orleans Superdome went out . Players stretched on the field . The more than 71,000 fans in attendance did the wave . And with no immediate explanation for the outage , social media lit up . From Twitter to Facebook , from Tumblr to Flickr , it seemed just about everywhere in the social media-sphere somebody had something to say -- sometimes funny , sometimes not so much -- about what became known online as "  the blackout bowl . " There were even those who felt forced to say something about being , well , forced to say something . "  The worst part about this power outage is that people at parties were forced to talk to each other , " Fortune Feimster , a writer for the E! show "  Chelsea Lately , " tweeted . The brand bowl Within four minutes of the outage , advertisers had sent out their first tweets . The funniest tweets of the Super Bowl Nabisco 's Oreo cookie was among the first to jump on the Twitter brandwagon , with an ad featuring the cookie on a partially blacked out page . "  You can still dunk in the dark , " it read . The people behind Tide laundry detergent went up with a Twitter ad that read : "  We ca n't get your #blackout , but we can get your stains out . #SuperBowl #TidePower . " Even Audi took a swipe at its competitor , tweeting that it was sending "  LED lights " over to the dome , whose official name is the Mercedes-Benz Superdome . In fact , the outage was the No. 1 Twitter-related moment of the Super Bowl , generating 231,000 tweets per minute . The second big moment ? The 108-yard kickoff return for a touchdown by Baltimore Ravens Jacoby Jones . But even that only generated merely 185,000 tweets per minute , according to the site . Momentum shift New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu promised answers . "  In the coming days , I expect a full after action report from all parties involved . " The power company said it was n't to blame , and stadium officials apologized but said little else until well after the game . And then , in a statement hours later , Superdome officials said a piece of equipment designed to monitor the electrical load "  sensed an abnormality in the system . " "  Once the issue was detected , the sensing equipment operated as designed and opened a breaker , causing power to be partially cut to the Superdome in order to isolate the issue , " the statement said . It still is n't clear what the "  abnormality " was -- but more than a few people had their own suspicions . A majority on social media blamed it on the fans of the 49ers , who were trailing 28-to-6 in the third quarter before the blackout . Photos began quickly showing up on Flickr , Twitter and Facebook of the so-called hands of a 49ers ' fan reaching into electrical power box to turn off the power , with the words : "  They not winning that easy . " Conspiracy , cried a Ravens fan on Facebook . "  If the 49ers win after this , you all know who 's to blame . " Even Justin Timberlake had something to say about it , tweeting #momentumshift . There may be something to it . After the power was restored , the 49ers scored three times in just four minutes . Then again , maybe not . "  Whatever . Who has n't blacked out in New Orleans , " one person said on Twitter . Or in San Francisco , for that matter . In December 2011 , the lights went out twice during the same game at Candlestick Park . The 49ers won that game against the Pittsburgh Steelers , 20-3 . Blame it on Bane Some said it was the curse of the Superdome -- despite hosting seven Super Bowl games and its more than $ 300 million renovation following Hurricane Katrina . The stadium was built near a cemetery and New Orleans Saints fans have long said it was the reason the team had fared so poorly . Some on Twitter and Facebook joked Saints quarterback Drew Brees was responsible , pulling the power plug to get even for the team failing to make football 's big show . Then there were those who pointed to Bane , the villain in the Batman movie "  The Dark Night Rises . " In the movie , Bane mines a football field in Pittsburgh that explodes after a great scoring run by Steeler Hines Ward . "  Investigation confirms not even Bane 's power outage attempt can save the 49ers , " said one Twitter user with the handle The Batman . Beyonce 's wattage The general consensus on social media appeared to be that Beyonce 's high-wattage half-time performance was mostly likely to blame for the blackout . "  Beyonce blew the fuse ! Genius ! " tweeted singer Adam Lambert . Matchbox Twenty guitarist Paul Doucette , who was at the game , tweeted a picture of the blackout . "  Beyonce left and apparently took electricity with her , " he said . "  Damn she 's good . " In the end , the Ravens may have won Superbowl XLVII in New Orleans . But the power outage won its social media time slot . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The power outage at the Super Bowl turned into the #blackoutbowl The makers of Nabisco 's Oreo cookie capitalized on the blackout with promoted tweet "  You can still dunk in the dark , " the Oreo ad read Tide also jumped in with "  We ca n't get your #blackout , but we can get your stains out "
CNN  When Kyesha Smith Wood heard that her teen daughters were rude to another patron who asked them to be quiet at a local movie theater , she was furious . The Birmingham , Alabama , mom made them write an apology note , but she did n't know who should get it . That 's why Wood posted a plea on her local community 's closed Facebook page on Saturday to track down the woman , according to CNN affiliate WMBA . The Jefferson County 's Sheriff 's Office reposted her note the same night , and the post has been liked more than 250,000 times . "  My son later told me , much to my humiliation and embarrassment , that my girls were rude and obnoxious during the movie . The woman I 'm looking for addressed them and asked them to be quiet and they were disrespectful , " Wood wrote on her Facebook post . "  After the movie she approached my girls and told them that her husband had been laid off and this was the last movie she would be able to take her daughter to for a while and my girls ruined that for her , " wrote Wood , who asked the woman to contact her . "  This rude , disrespectful , and awful behavior is unacceptable and they owe you an apology . " Wood promised that her daughters would pay for another movie for the family out of their allowance . The woman Wood was trying to reach is Rebecca Boyd , who saw the sheriff 's department post and contacted her . "  The note from their mom brought me to tears and shows there is still good people in the world , " Boyd wrote on the sheriff 's department Facebook page . "  I have no hard feelings towards them and I am proud of their parents . The girls are not not bad ... they are children . Glad they are learning a lesson . I hope if my teenagers are out and they act up ... I hope someone says something to them . " Wood called Boyd the real hero of the story . "  She took it upon herself to correct my girls and nobody else did . " "  She 's the most gracious and kind and forgiving woman . I am so humbled by that . " The two moms are now Facebook friends .	After her girls act up at a movie theater , a mom takes to Facebook to apologize She looks for the mom who confronted their rude behavior , and they become Facebook friends
It was the embrace that melted hearts worldwide . Pope Francis , pausing for a moment to pray and lay his hands on a man with a disfiguring disease . The man gently burying his head in the Pope 's chest , his many facial tumors visible . His encounter with the ailing man occurred in Vatican City on Wednesday at the end of the general audience , which had about 50,000 attendees . Images of the Pope 's embrace in St. Peter 's Square went viral on social media . "  I 'm an atheist , but the more I hear about Pope Francis , the more I like him , " Donna Hosie tweeted . Some say Pope Francis is living up to the ideals of his namesake , Francis of Assisi , a preeminent figure who considered himself a servant to the poor and destitute . Why the Pope 's embrace is so powerful Since taking over as the leader of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics , the Pope has highlighted the need to reach out to the poor and afflicted . "  Lord , teach us to step outside ourselves , " he tweeted in August . "  Teach us to go out into the streets and manifest your love . " A month later , he echoed the same sentiment . "  True charity requires courage : let us overcome the fear of getting our hands dirty so as to help those in need , " he tweeted . The Pope has called for open interaction with people from all walks of life , especially the poor , weak and vulnerable . And he is practicing what he preaches . The man the Pope comforted suffers from neurofibromatosis , according to the Catholic News Agency . The genetic disorder causes pain and thousands of tumors throughout the body . It leads to hearing and vision loss , heart and blood vessel complications , and severe disability from nerve compression by tumors . The moment marked the latest in a series of memorable encounters for the Pope . Last month , a pint-sized papal pal joined him on stage -- and refused to let go .	His encounter with man occurs at end of general audience The pope 's embrace in St. Peter 's Square went viral on social media Tweet : "  I 'm an atheist , but the more I hear about Pope Francis , the more I like him "
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu exhorted the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday to draw "  a clear red line " to stop Iran from developing nuclear weapons . In a theatrical gesture , Netanyahu held up a cartoon-like drawing of a spherical bomb and drew a red line below the fuse , "  before Iran completes the second stage of nuclear enrichment to make a bomb , " he said . "  It 's not a question of whether Iran will get the bomb . The question is at what stage can we stop Iran from getting the bomb , " said Netanyahu , who also accused Iran of aggression . "  I ask , given this record of Iranian aggression without nuclear weapons , just imagine Iranian aggression with nuclear weapons , " the Israeli prime minister said . "  Who among you would feel safe in the Middle East ? Who would be safe in Europe ? Who would be safe in America ? Who would be safe anywhere ? " Do U.S. , Israel have the same ` red line ' ? But Iran 's ambassador to the United Nations , Eshagh al-Habib , called Netanyahu 's remarks "  entirely baseless . " "  I do not dignify it with an answer other than categorically rejecting it , in particular regarding the nuclear program of my country which is exclusively peaceful and in full conformity with our international obligations and in exercising our inalienable right to use nuclear science and technology for peaceful purposes , " he said in a statement . He went on to say that Israel is a nation "  based on terrorism . " Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told CNN that his country wo n't be influenced by a threat from Israel and a demand from U.S. President Barack Obama to abandon plans to acquire nuclear weapons . "  When we say we do not take it seriously , we mean that it impacts -- it does not impact our policies in the slightest , " Ahmadinejad told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria in an interview to be aired Sunday at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. Eastern . Iran 's president talks Israel , slams homosexuality The White House highlighted how Obama sided with Israel in his speech before the General Assembly this week . "  As the prime minister said , the United States and Israel share the goal of preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon , " National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met with Netanyahu for more than an hour later Thursday , a senior State Department official said . Clinton and Netanyahu talked at length about Iran and agreed to continue "  close consultation and cooperation toward achieving " the goal of stopping Iran from getting atomic weapons , the official said . Speeches by Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas drew the most attention at the United Nations on Thursday . A viewer 's guide to U.N. General Assembly Abbas said Palestinians will continue to seek full membership status in the United Nations , but they have begun "  intensive consultations " with member states about having the Palestinian Authority become a nonmember state , one step up from its current status as a permanent observer . "  We are confident that the vast majority of the countries of the world support our endeavor aimed at salvaging the chances for a just peace , " Abbas said . "  In our endeavor , we do not seek to delegitimize an existing state -- that is Israel -- but rather to assert the state that must be realized -- that is Palestine . " Then , departing from his prepared speech , Abbas added , to applause : "  We are not attempting to delegitimize them , they are trying to delegitimize us . " Speaking later , Netanyahu criticized Abbas ' remarks . "  We wo n't solve our conflict with libelous speeches at the U.N. That 's not the way to solve them . We wo n't solve our differences with a unilateral declaration of statehood , " Israel 's leader said . "  We have to sit together and negotiate together in which a demilitarized Palestinian state recognizes the one and only Jewish state . " Last year , the Palestinian Authority failed in its bid to win U.N. recognition as an independent state . In their latest initiative to seek non-member observer status , the Palestinians are likely to submit a new resolution after the November 6 U.S. presidential election in an effort to prevent the issue from becoming political fodder . Palestinian officials have expressed concern about pessimistic comments by Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney about the chances for peace in the region . In his speech Thursday , Abbas criticized Israel and said Palestinians were facing "  a campaign of ethnic cleansing " in which they are being denied full access to houses of worship , schools , hospitals and housing . "  The occupying power is also continuing its construction and expansion of settlements in different areas throughout the West Bank , " he told the assembly . Israel rejects a Palestinian state and refuses to end its occupation , Abbas said . "  I speak on behalf of an angry people , " he said . "  Israel continues to enjoy impunity . " Ahmadinejad tells U.N. that Iran is threatened For Israel , the issue of how to respond to Iran 's nuclear program has put a strain on relations between Netanyahu and Obama . Tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , but Western leaders say they believe it is aimed at building a weapon . Netanyahu has been pushing the United States to establish a clear "  red line " that Iran can not cross if it wants to avoid war . Israel seeks international urgency , as negotiations aimed at curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions have failed to produce an agreement and the effectiveness of sanctions on Tehran remains unclear . Assange speaks via satellite Later Thursday , Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi raised another contentious international issue during his speech to the assembly -- that of the heated territorial dispute between China and Japan over a set of islands in the East China Sea . Yang accused Japan , a key U.S. ally , of stealing the remote islands from China in the past and warned that Beijing would be "  firm " in upholding its territorial sovereignty . The Japanese government 's announcement this month of the acquisition of several of the disputed islands from a Japanese family has heightened tensions between the two countries . Violent anti-Japanese protests have taken place in Chinese cities , and economic ties between Asia 's two largest economies have started to sour . Meanwhile , patrol vessels from the two countries have been frequently locked in tense standoffs in the waters around the islands after China sent a flotilla of ships to the area . Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda of Japan referred indirectly to the situation in his speech to the assembly Wednesday . Noda emphasized Tokyo 's commitment to using international law to resolve territorial disputes and called for greater adherence to the "  rule of law " by other nations . Opinion : Netanyahu 's red line is n't getting him anywhere	Iran calls Israeli prime minister 's speech "  baseless " U.S. and Israel agree to continue to consult on Iran after Clinton-Netanyahu meeting Netanyahu holds up a drawing of a bomb and draws a red line beneath the fuse "  We are not attempting to delegitimize them , they are trying to delegitimize us , " Abbas says of Israel
CNN  -- Tiger Woods was whacking golf balls across a bridge in Turkey last week , but back in Spain , Sergio Garcia is still feeling the need to build them following the "  fried chicken " saga earlier this year . Speaking to CNN 's Living Golf , Garcia once again struck a chord of contrition over the comments he made about the World no. 1 last May . "  I did n't mean it in a bad way . When I was driving back to the hotel , I started thinking about it , " Garcia told Shane O'Donoghue . "  Obviously , I did n't expect that question at all and you try to be funny and it comes out the wrong way I guess , " he added . Garcia made the comment during a private dinner at Wentworth golf club a couple of weeks after he and Woods had endured a fractious third round at the Players Championship -- the Spaniard complained that the gallery following Woods had disturbed him during a shot . When asked in jest if he would be inviting Woods for dinner during the then upcoming U.S. Open , Garcia replied : "  Yeah , we will have him around every night . We will serve fried chicken . " Fried chicken is a common food in the American South , but when used in reference to African-Americans can often imply a negative stereotype . Fellow Ryder Cup star Graeme McDowell perhaps summed up the slip best on Twitter : "  Private/humor filled environment but he  Garcia  should n't have said it #slip . " The remark echoed U.S. golfer Fuzzy Zoeller 's infamous slur on Woods ' following his maiden major win at the Masters in 1997 . "  Tell him not to serve fried chicken next year , " Zoeller said to reporters in an attempt to make humor of the fact that Woods was the first African-American to win the tournament . Tradition dictates that the reigning Masters champion choose the menu for the Champions Dinner the following year . Woods tweeted that Garcia 's comments were "  wrong , hurtful and clearly inappropriate " and even the Spaniard 's equipment makers TaylorMade weighed in calling the comments "  offensive . " Garcia issued an unreserved apology via the European Tour but recoils when asked to recall the media storm that followed the jibe . "  It was horrible , but what 's done is done . Everybody knows how I feel about it , so I think they should be fine with it and if not , it 's kind of their problem , " he said . "  The most important thing is learning from all those things . "  I 'm making sure that all those experiences make you stronger , a better person and things like that . I think that I 've learned from those things and I just need to keep getting better at it , and hopefully keep making people happy . "	Sergio Garcia talks to CNN 's Shane O'Donoghue about "  fried chicken " controversy Comments made following a fractious pairing between Woods and Garcia at Players Championship Spaniard says fallout was "  horrible " but insists he has learned from affair
CNN  -- Inter Milan came from behind to win for the second time in a week to keep their Italian title hopes alive with a 3-1 victory over relegation-threatened Atalanta on Saturday . Jose Mourinho 's team followed up the stunning midweek victory over European champions Barcelona to move two points clear of second-placed Roma , who host Sampdoria on Sunday . But key Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder is in doubt for the second leg of the Champions League semifinal in Spain on Wednesday after coming off at halftime with a thigh injury . Atalanta , third from bottom with three matches to play , took a shock fifth-minute lead through Simone Tiribocchi but Inter hit back with three unanswered goals as they did against Barca . Argentina striker Diego Milito scored his 20th Serie A goal of the season to level with a lob in the 24th minute , then Kenyan midfielder McDonald Mariga scored his first for the defending champions with a shot that deflected in off teammate Sulley Muntari . Cristian Chivu , playing at left-back in a revamped defense due to absent Brazilian right-back Maicon 's dental problems , sealed victory with 13 minutes to play with a super long-range shot to extend the Nerazzurri 's unbeaten home run to 40 league games . The Romanian was delighted after scoring his first goal for Inter following his move from Roma in 2007 . "  We 're pleased with the victory . It was n't easy because we were behind , but we knew how to react , " he told the club 's Web site . "  It was an important goal for me and the team : for me because it has n't been an easy period for me , and for the team because we have to keep winning until the end . Roma 's game tomorrow ? I wo n't watch it . The last time I watched Roma , they won . "  From tomorrow we will start thinking about Barcelona . It 's a historic moment for us . We have to give our all . " Third-placed AC Milan crashed to a 3-1 defeat at European hopefuls Palermo in Saturday 's late match , and now trail their city rivals by nine points with three matches to play . Palermo moved above Sampdoria into fourth spot after going 2-0 up in the first 18 minutes with goals from defender Cesare Bovo and Uruguayan striker Abel Hernandez . Dutch midfielder Clarence Seedorf pulled one back for the visitors 10 minutes after halftime , but striker Fabrizio Miccoli restored the Sicilians ' two-goal cushion on 66 .	Inter Milan go two points clear of second-placed Roma with 3-1 win over lowly Atalanta Wesley Sneijder in doubt for Wednesday 's trip to Barcelona due to thigh injury Inter come from behind with goals to Diego Milito , McDonald Mariga and Cristian Chivu Third-placed AC Milan crash 3-1 at Palermo , who move above Sampdoria into fourth
It 's all John Green 's fault . I 'm not just talking about the strong likelihood that I 'll be ugly-crying in public alongside fellow fans of "  The Fault In Our Stars " in a theater near me this weekend -- I mean the fact that I 'm reading much fiction at all these days . But apparently I 'm supposed to be embarrassed about my love of Green 's books . Says who ? Says Ruth Graham , author of a recent Slate.com jeremiad that proclaims : "  Adults should feel embarrassed about reading literature written for children . " Graham goes on to assert that realistic  i.e. non-supernatural , non-dystopian  young-adult-targeted books are somehow supplanting works of literary fiction in adults ' reading lives and how that 's a "  shame . " It 's the "  should "  Slate 's italics , not mine  here that vexes me most . It implies that someone else 's hierarchy of taste and personal experience takes precedent over your own , when in reality , letting go of that is one of the great spoils of achieving adulthood . Let me get anecdotal here for a second . In my mid-20s , when I was a good deal less assured about my own worth in the world , and rather too highly dependent upon the approval of others , I dated a man who was hampered by neither of those issues . He was six years older than me , born and bred in New York City , possessed of an English degree from a Little Ivy , and let me know in no uncertain terms that he thought my taste in art and media was lowbrow and crappy . I was harangued for my "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " fixation , poo-poohed for my love of "  Gilmore Girls " and told that my favorite book -- at the time "  The Great Gatsby " -- was "  so high school . " What should I read then , I 'd ask . Something that means something , he 'd say , something important . But what I neglected to ask was "  Important to whom ? " Where did my own pleasure , curiosity and opinion fit in ? I 'm embarrassed  yes , that word  to say that at the time , I knuckled under . While my boyfriend and I found common ground with Haruki Murakami books and Guy Maddin films , I distanced myself from the words , sounds and images that connected me to the world at large , made me think and feel , and moreover , gave me pleasure . For my annual birthday movie outing , I opted for "  Le Temps retrouvé " and tossed aside my Jennifer Weiner books to heft up "  The Golden Bowl " instead . Was I suddenly a more worthy , worldly person , with bigger , better thoughts ? Not that I could tell , but I did get an awful lot quieter about admitting to people what made me happy -- and maybe a little bit judgmental about other people 's tastes , too . And that makes the world  at least my world  a little smaller . But that was a long time ago . I 've grown up , and the fellow in question has , too . I told him I 'd finished "  The Golden Bowl " after we 'd broken up -- just to impress and spite him , and he admitted to me that he never actually finished any Henry James . We 're friends now , and periodically send recommendations of bands and movies and ridiculous YouTube videos to each other , not for the sake of bettering or shaming one another but simply to share something wonderful with someone who will be delighted by it . A brief history of young adult literature Which brings me back to John Green . I surely had n't stopped reading in the interim years -- and in fact started writing for a living -- but did so with maybe a little more duty and less abandon than in years past . My shelves , and eventually my Kindle app , groaned under the sturdy weight of nonfiction object histories , cultural critiques and work-related memoirs and biographies that made me conversant at parties and a little less giddy about the cerebellum . And if I read any YA fiction or chick lit , I kept my mouth glued shut about it . But then along came "  The Fault In Our Stars . " It had been recommended to me by smart people I trust , and I had a multi-hour plane flight , so why not ? It undammed me . Not just with the obvious , snotty sobbing I did in seat 23A , but in the way that for the first time in ages , I wanted to announce to the world at large that I was in big , sloppy love with a book and I was n't about to apologize to anyone for that . This quirky novel about two kids in love who are battling life-threatening illness took the brains and psyches of teenagers seriously . It made me hyper-conscious of the seconds between  hopefully  hitting the tarmac safely and a treacherous cab ride on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway , because they were standing in between me and the arms of my husband . It made me feel things and do things , and for the life of me , I ca n't understand that 's inferior to knowing more things . And I 've read a lot of YA since then : old favorites from Bette Greene , Robert Cormier , Madeleine L'Engle and Paul Zindel , and a new canon from writers like Green , Rainbow Rowell , Lauren Oliver , Ava Dellaira and a whole host of others who deserve to be heard . I read plenty of other books  yes , for "  grownups "  , too , and probably even more than I used to because my hunger for good words is so keenly whet . They go down a lot more easily now that I 'm not choking on all that embarrassment . Books that changed your lives Are you an adult who reads young adult fiction ? We 'd love to hear all about it in the comments below .	Slate 's Ruth Graham wrote that adults should be embarrassed to read young adult literature CNN 's Kat Kinsman says readers should seek out what appeals to them , regardless of genre Kinsman writes that she was "  undammed " by the emotion and writing in "  The Fault in Our Stars " Adults should n't only be seeking to learn more in books , but to feel more , Kinsman writes
EW.com  -- "  Sure , NBC can launch a reality show , " competitors pointed out last week after "  The Voice " debuted huge , "  but then what happens ? Remember ` The Marriage Ref , ' ` The Singing Bee , ' ` Grease : You 're the One That I Want ? ' All premiered big , but then fell off a cliff ... " Well , last night 's second episode of "  The Voice " not only did n't tumble , it climbed up the mountain a little higher . "  The Voice " was seen by 12.4 million viewers and had a 5.6 preliminary rating among adults 18-49 . That 's up 10 percent from last week 's premiere , which broke NBC records . Here 's how unusual this is : "  The Voice " is the only new show this season on a major broadcast network whose ratings rose for its second episode . The big question now is whether "  The Voice " will continue its winning streak when the coaches ditch the swivel chairs and start the "  battle rounds " next week . See exclusive pics of the coaches and their new teams here  . "  Biggest Loser "  7.4 million , 2.6  opened the night . As the runner-up , CBS had "  NCIS "  17.3 million , 3.5  glaring at spin-off "  NCIS : LA "  14 million , 2.9  . Both were down about 10 percent , followed by "  The Good Wife "  12.2 million , 2.4  , raising a nice 20 percent . On third-place Fox , "  Glee "  8.6 million , 3.6  rose 6 percent from last week 's season low , followed by "  Raising Hope "  4.9 million , 1.9  and "  Traffic Light "  3.0 million , 1.2  . Then there was ABC with "  Dancing With the Stars " results  15.6 million , 2.9  , getting crushed by "  The Voice " in the demo , down 19 percent . At 10 p.m. , "  Body of Proof "  10.4 million , 2.0  slipped 9 percent . The CW had "  One Tree Hill "  1.2 million , 0.6  falling to a series low , and "  Hellcats "  1 million , 0.4  tying its low . Both shows , along with "  Nikita , " are awaiting word whether they will be renewed , but The CW is expected to bring at least two of them back . At this point "  Hellcats " is the most likely to be left without a chair . See the original article on EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Voice " seen by 12.4 million viewers -- that 's up 10 percent from last week "  The Voice " is only show on major network whose ratings rose for second episode Big question now is whether "  The Voice " will continue its winning streak
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A battle raged in a strategically located Libyan city Saturday as state television showed a fist-pumping Moammar Gadhafi visiting a school , his first public appearance in days . Rebels fought hard in a back-and-forth war for Ajdabiya , the last stop before their stronghold , Benghazi , further to the east . Witnesses reported three hours of fighting that they said involved explosions caused by NATO aircraft . As the sun set , the rebels appeared to have averted a major setback by maintaining control of the hard-won city -- but it was tenuous at best . Outgunned , they conceded they were facing a formidable foe . In a hospital , witnesses told CNN that three of Gadhafi 's fighters who were killed were carrying identification cards from Syria , Algeria and Chad . NATO said in the past 24 hours its aircraft destroyed loyalist ammunition stockpiles east of Tripoli that were supplying troops shelling Misrata and other cities . Attacks also were made on armored vehicles near Misrata and Ajdabiya , it said . Opposition spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah told CNN that rebels flew two attack helicopters from Tobruk to join the fighting in Ajdabiya . "  There were some 50 regime pickup trucks with machine guns and rocket launchers that attempted to enter Ajdabiya , " Abdulmolah said . "  The helicopters destroyed several of the trucks and the rest took off . " Abdulmolah did not know what kind of helicopters the rebel forces used in Saturday 's attack and could not confirm whether rebel forces coordinated the operation with NATO . Far from the battleground , African leaders were meeting in Mauritania Saturday in an attempt to forge a mediator role in Libya 's impasse . The African Union 's special committee on Libya -- represented by Mauritania , Congo Republic , Mali , Uganda and South Africa -- will then travel to the Libyan rebel stronghold of Benghazi to meet with the opposition leaders Sunday and Monday , according to the South African government . The South African government also said NATO has granted the committee permission to meet with Gadhafi in the Libyan capital , Tripoli . Gadhafi has been a big supporter of the African Union and has channeled large sums of money its way . Libya also holds a seat on the 15-member Peace and Security Council . As such , opposition leaders in Benghazi did not express optimism over the success of mediation . The United Nations said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will travel to Cairo Thursday to head meetings on Libya at the Arab League headquarters . Among the participants will be Catherine Ashton , the representative for foreign affairs and security for the European Union . Meanwhile , Libyan Foreign Minister Khaled Gaim condemned on state-run television the reopening of key ports in the eastern cities of Tobruk and Benghazi , which he said enables the rebels to resume an oil trade . He accused NATO of violating the United Nations Security Council resolution that mandates the protection of civilians . State TV also aired images Gadhafi visiting on Saturday what appeared to be a primary school in Tripoli . The anchor said the school was a target of international airstrikes and was going to be attacked . Former U.S. lawmaker Curt Weldon visited Libya this week hoping to speak directly with Gadhafi but left without a meeting . He did manage to secure a letter from the strongman to U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  I am disappointed that I did not get to sit down face to face with Colonel Gadhafi as promised , but I may have been able to get something even more significant -- a path to a resolution of this conflict , " Weldon said in a statement on his departure . Weldon visited Libya in 2004 when he was a Republican congressman from Pennsylvania and said he was invited this time by Gadhafi . Peace efforts seemed distant Saturday in Ajdabiya , where Gadhafi 's forces attacked with a barrage of artillery fire at the city 's western gates . Street fighting erupted as the loyalists , aided by sympathizers , entered the city . At one point , opposition fighters appeared to have all but lost again territory that was hard won . At the height of their march toward Tripoli , rebels came within 40 kilometers  25 miles  of Sirte -- Gadhafi 's hometown in western Libya . But loyalist forces have steadily pushed the rebels back and now stand poised to run down the highway to Benghazi , the opposition 's capital . Burnt carcasses of Libyan army tanks taken out by coalition aircraft three weeks ago litter the road . But it 's increasingly harder to distinguish pro-Gadhafi troops . They have changed tactics and have taken to moving about in civilian vehicles . "  The troops of Gadhafi have good weapons and have training and have leadership and have experience , " one rebel fighter said . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Reza Sayah and Nic Robertson contributed to this report	NEW : Two opposition helicopters attack in Ajdabiya The rebels appear to have averted a major setback there An African Union committee plans to meet opposition leaders in Benghazi this weekend Former U.S. lawmaker Weldon leaves Libya with a letter but no meeting with Gadhafi
Hollywood , Florida  CNN  -- Connor Boss , the first legally blind contestant to compete for Miss Florida USA , was a top five finalist at the pageant Saturday but fell short of the title . The crown went to Michelle Aguirre , Miss Broward County Fair USA . But Boss , 18 , who was diagnosed 10 year ago with a hereditary eye disease , is n't likely to lose too much sleep . Before the contest , she said the older she gets the less importance she places on winning the crown . "  I 've come to learn that it 's not even about winning the pageants , " she said . "  I 'm so glad that my story can be shared and that at least if I can inspire one person , I feel like I 've won already . " It was a message she echoed during the interview portion of the competition Saturday night in response to what she would like to accomplish in the next year . "  I hope that I could inspire others that anything is possible . You can accomplish whatever you set your mind to , and I hope that they can really learn from my story and take that and apply it to their own lives , " she said . Ten years ago , Boss was diagnosed with Stargardt disease , a hereditary eye disease that caused her vision to get progressively worse . "  It affects my retina and my central vision , so my peripheral vision is intact , " said Boss . "  When I 'm looking at people , I try and look around . People take me as being rude but it 's hard for me to focus straight forward . " Focusing is not a problem for Boss when it comes to her goals . Boss , a freshman at Florida State University , graduated from high school with a 4.2 grade point average . "  All of her tests ended up being read to her , even the SAT and ACT for college were read to her , " said her mother , Traci Boss . It was not only academia where Boss excelled ; she was her high school senior class president and captain of the cheerleading squad . During pageants , Boss is treated just like all the other contestants , but she must rely on her other senses to compensate for her poor eyesight . In rehearsal , Boss pays close attention to where she needs to be on stage and how to get there . "  She 'll actually say ` four steps here , step down four steps , step down , ' " explained Miss Florida USA Executive Producer Grant Gravitt . "  She 'll memorize it . " Humor is also an important outlet for Boss when dealing with her disease . "  I find a lot of humor in it , the stupid stuff that I do , like running into things , tripping all the time over things that I can not see , " she said . Although Boss is good at laughing off her missteps , she works very hard to avoid them , especially when she is on stage . "  I think she 's different than any other girl but not because of her blindness , " said Gravitt . "  I just think that she 's an awesome young lady that is really coming into the prime of her own . " Married beauty queen must return crown	Connor Boss , 18 , makes the top five , but loses to Michelle Aguirre Boss is the first legally blind contestant to compete in Miss Florida USA She was diagnosed with a hereditary eye disease at age 8 "  I hope that I could inspire others that anything is possible , " she says
New Braunfels , Texas  CNN  -- Judy Young stoops down to point out her favorite feature of the sidewalk : a thick , bronze ring attached to the curb , about the size of a bracelet , weathered and rusted . The sidewalks of downtown New Braunfels , Texas , are lined with them at inconsistent intervals . They are remnants of the days when European immigrants farmed the lush countryside known as the Texas Hill Country , she says . Farmers of predominantly German heritage rode into town and tied their horses to the rings while they conducted business in stores like Henne Hardware , which still stands , and claims to be "  Texas ' oldest hardware store in continuous operation " since 1857 . Why there 's no messing with Texas The rough , weathered rings are the real deal , products of German ingenuity , says Young , a native of New Braunfels who exudes the requisite boosterism you 'd expect from the Chamber of Commerce Convention and Visitors Bureau director , but with a genuine sense of pride . "  When the Germans built stuff , they built it to last , " Young said , laughing . Many residents of this waypoint between San Antonio and Austin grew up speaking German in their homes and remember when the hometown paper , the Herald-Zeitung , was written entirely in German . Some are fifth generation who can trace their roots back to 1845 , when the first settlers arrived after Prince Carl of Solms-Braunfels , Germany , founded the town on the Comal River under a German charter . KXAN : Comal River overflowing -- with people Germans were originally lured to the Republic of Texas when it offered public land to Americans and Europeans to pay off war debt and weaken political ties with Mexico . This offer , combined with political strife in their home country , enticed a group of German noblemen to form an immigration company , and German immigrants began arriving in 1844 . But times have changed , and now some residents say New Braunfels , sister city to Braunfels , Germany , is n't "  German " enough . Sure , it has a German-American society , a shooting club , polka dances and Naegelin 's Bakery , Texas ' "  oldest continuously operating bakery " since 1868 , which serves fresh pfeffernüsse and streussel . The town also has Wurstfest , an annual festival that features German food and music . But as the town grows , 56.4 % from 2000 to 2010 , it wants more visible evidence to let those from outside the area know what New Braunfels is about : a sign that says "  Wilkommen , " street signs in German , building facades adorned with fachwerk , or timberframe . What 's behind the rise of Texas ? "  We would like to see the town look a little more German . This town would n't be here if it were n't started by the Germans . It 's a historical fact , " said Diane Moltz , who grew up on a farm 15 minutes outside New Braunfels in a German-speaking home . She cited tasteful examples such as Leavenworth , Washington , and Frankenmuth , Michigan , known as Michigan 's "  little Bavaria , " and less tasteful examples , like Helen , Georgia  "  Helen 's a little over the top , " she said  . "  San Antonio is predominantly Hispanic , it 's their heritage , and you can see it in the streets , the buildings . It 's celebrated there . We feel like we could play on our heritage . " Guenter Dirks , the owner of the biggest German restaurant in town , Freisenhaus , has been asking the chamber for several years about playing up the town 's German roots . "  People come here looking for a German town and they 're disappointed . People come in here and ask where can I buy lederhosen and I do n't know what to tell them . There 's nowhere , " said Dirks , a tall , imposing businessman who moved to Texas with his wife , Cornelia , and two sons in 2004 from Freisen , Germany . He opened Freisenhaus in 2005 . The restaurant serves traditional dishes as well as others like Texas schnitzel , made with spicy jalapeño . Americanizing an ancient faith in Texas Young said the chamber is responding to feedback such as Dirks ' and is working on a larger promotional campaign to play up New Braunfels ' German heritage . She acknowledges the impetus comes from a desire to draw businesses and tourists , but it 's also just a part of growing and sustaining the community , she said . "  We 've always had a brochure and used our German heritage as marketing tools , but we 've discovered our German heritage is not in your face like people expect it to be , " she said . "  Our heritage is the combination of 1,500 years of German society and our frontier-immigrant roots married together . Where is it ? We 're walking it and living it . But we need to show it off more . " Case in point : Schlitterbahn , the flagship water park that has sprouted three satellite locations since it opened in 1966 . Occupying more than 65 acres on the eastern banks of the Comal River -- and growing -- the business is second-generation family owned and operated . With ride names such as Blastenhoff , Surfenburg and Tubenbach , and a replica of the guard tower in Braunfels looming over the park , visible from blocks away , park spokesman Jeffrey Siebert says kitsch is part of Schlitterbahn 's charm , but says it 's also part of paying homage to New Braunfels ' German roots . Otherwise , authentic evidence of New Braunfels ' German roots is subtly tucked into curbs , stamped into building facades and embedded in its civic fabric . The hometown newspaper lists community events in the "  Stammtisch " section , which loosely translates to "  table reserved for regulars . " The best BBQ in Texas New Braunfels also boasts several organizations dedicated to preserving its German heritage , including the New Braunfels Schuetzen Verein , a shooting club that traces its roots back to 1849 , and the German-American Society of New Braunfels , which says it has more than 700 members . The group , a co-sponsor of the Edelweiss Kinder Chor , or children 's choir , organizes annual events like Maskenball  costume ball  and Weihnachtsfest  Christmas Party  as well as less formal events like games of ninepin bowling and skat , a German card game . Helgard Suhr-Hollis , a co-founder of the society who moved to New Braunfels from Germany in 1962 , said it grew out of a desire to bring together the disparate singing societies and social clubs under the banner of German pride . "  Germans are a very proud people . They 're known to be hard-working , self-reliant , do n't take handouts and they believe strongly in education , " she said . Since helping start the society in 1978 , Suhr-Hollis ' has continued to contribute to German social life in New Braunfels . She is a member of the walking club and a docent at several museums and sites dedicated to the town 's German heritage . One of them , the Lindheimer Home , is one of the oldest structures in town and the place where "  father of Texas botany " Ferdinand Lindheimer lived and died in 1879 . The Lindheimer Home is within walking distance of the Comal River , which feeds into the larger Guadalupe River , providing sources of leisure in the summertime . Families walk down the streets lugging inner tubes to the nearest drop-in point , with Landa Park among the most popular . During the day , families park on the banks of the river under shady oak trees while children wade in the water or ride a train that meanders through the park , or visit the Comal Spring . As Young walked through the park barefoot , picking up trash and spouting off facts about its origins , she waved at the conductor of the train , an elderly man named Harvey Soechting , who she said was following in his father 's footsteps . Young revealed that she is not German : "  Dutch-Irish . " But she said she was grateful for what the Germans had done here . "  You do n't really start thinking about it until you have children . But it 's like my second-grade teacher Mrs. Naegelin  of the Naegelin Bakery  told us : It 's our responsibility to preserve and enhance our community so future generations wo n't have to leave . We have to tell our own story and build up our own community , or people from the outside with lots of money will come in and do it for us . "	Residents say New Braunfels , Texas , sister city to Braunfels , Germany , is n't "  German " enough As the town grows , it wants visitors to know what New Braunfels is about New Braunfels boasts several organizations dedicated to preserving its German heritage
CNN  -- British media have leapt to the defense of beleaguered BP following attacks by the White House over its handling of the Gulf Coast disaster . President Barack Obama has taken a tough stance against the company and its response to the April 20 explosion , which killed 11 workers and has spilled millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf , threatening livelihoods and wildlife . But now UK opinion formers have weighed in , attacking Obama 's approach , warning of the threat to pension funds and questioning relations with the United States . Barack Obama , David Cameron , to discuss BP Cameron is told to "  stand up for your country " by the Daily Mail , which backed the Conservative leader at last month 's UK election . It points out while "  British marines continue to die in Afghanistan -- fighting valiantly alongside their American colleagues , " relations between the respective leaders means the phrase "  special relationship " sounds increasingly hollow . In a leader column the newspaper says Obama 's attacks are "  rank hypocrisy , " coming only weeks after the president advocated deepwater drilling . Elsewhere it highlights oil disasters off the UK coast involving U.S. companies , including the Piper Alpha oil rig explosion of 1988 , in which 167 people died . The Lex column in The Financial Times says that the manner in which the crisis is "  moving into the diplomatic sphere is surely a positive for BP -- providing a much needed counterweight to Mr Obama 's swinging boot . " Meanwhile Philip Stephens , also writing in the same paper under the headline "  Some home truths for a president showing the strain " , says that "  Deepwater is only there because the U.S. , with a twentieth of the world 's population , consumes one-quarter of world oil . " The leader opinion in The Daily Telegraph points out that BP is a multinational company , 40 percent of whose shareholders are American . "  The long-term relationship between Britain and America should not be jeopardized by a presidential response that has been more petulant than statesmanlike , " it continues . The Telegraph says it is disappointed that Obama , "  a politician whose reputation was built on his powers of persuasion should be so quick to inflame a difficult situation for his own political ends . We had thought better of him . " Obama is told to "  stop ranting against BP " by the Daily Express , which leads with the headline : "  Obama is killing all our pensions . " Many British retirement funds , both public and private , invest in the oil company , which has seen billions wiped off its share price this week . "  Nobody disputes that an environmental catastrophe has taken place , " the Express says . "  But BP is only one of three major companies involved . It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that it is being persecuted because its first initial stands for ` British ' and Britain should not put up with that . " Malcolm Rifkind , foreign minister under the last Conservative government , asks in The Times whether "  the great British love-in with Barack Obama may be coming to an end . " "  While there has been deep understanding of the environmental catastrophe that has struck the United States and of BP 's responsibility , there is also growing concern that the President 's angry rhetoric is going over the top and risks dividing the United States and the United Kingdom . "  Mr Obama must understand , " continues Rifkind , "  that an American president does not just have a domestic audience . Whatever their political purpose for his own electorate , his words resonate throughout the world and , however unintended , can have serious and damaging consequences . " In The London Evening Standard Chris Blackhurst wrote : "  There are three words to be thrown back at President Obama : Bhopal and Agent Orange . In both instances , the U.S. inflicted huge suffering on others -- and did precious little to remove the toxic pollution it left behind . " Nearly 4,000 died in the Indian city of Bhopal in 1984 following the escape of lethal methyl isocyanate at a plant owned by Union Carbide India Limited -- the now-defunct local subsidiary of the American chemical company . Agent Orange was used as a defoliant during the Vietnam War -- but its toxins have been linked to thousands of deaths and illnesses . "  BP has not called itself British Petroleum for more than 10 years , " adds Blackhurst . "  It 's not the only one to not use its full name . Barack Hussein Obama is another . "	UK media and politicians have criticized attitude of U.S. politicians toward BP Several point out that U.S. companies have ppreviouslycaused environmental damage UK Prime Minister David Cameron urged to be more robust in defense of BP Analysts question the true value of the UK-U.S. "  special relationship "
CNN  -- The hijacked jet planes that roared out of a clear blue sky one sunny September morning 10 years ago killed nearly 3,000 people , but the hurt they did spread far beyond the immediate death and destruction at the World Trade Center and the Pentagon . The damage was mental , psychological , even spiritual . And the death of Osama bin Laden at the hands of U.S. special operations forces may help to start some healing , said Christian and Muslim religious leaders , relatives of victims , and a generation who grew in the shadow of 9/11 . Mixed emotions about bin Laden 's death : How should we feel ? "  There is a sense that justice has been done , " said Joel Hunter , senior pastor of the 12,000-member Northland Church in Orlando , Florida , and a spiritual adviser to President Barack Obama . "  There is a scripture , Genesis 9:6 , that says , ` He who sheds man 's blood , by man his blood be shed . ' There is a certain kind of sense of relief that that has been accomplished , " Hunter said . "  This man was symbolic of much that threatened our country and our way of life , " the pastor said . Hunter also cited the verse promising that "  those who mourn will be comforted , " saying they might "  find some sort of solace in this event . " Americans take to the streets amid news of bin Laden 's death Those verses are much more relevant than Jesus ' admonition to "  turn the other cheek , " he said . Victim 's dad : Why I 'm not celebrating bin Laden 's death "  That particular scripture has to do with insult and not with self-defense , " he said . The terror attacks that bin Laden authorized are "  not even in the category of forgiveness , " so killing him "  really is in a category that , for 99.9 % of Americans , would be beyond question ... the right thing . " Morally OK to cheer ? Diana Massaroli , whose husband died in the World Trade Center , certainly has no questions about it . Michael Massaroli , 38 , was working for Cantor Fitzgerald on the 101st floor of the North Tower on September 11 , 2001 , when a jet plane slammed into the floors beneath him . His body was never found . His son was 6 years old at the time . His widow has been grieving ever since . But early Monday , at ground zero where the towers once stood , she said she was finally experiencing some catharsis . "  I 'm missing him , but I feel that justice has been done , " she said , holding a picture of Michael . "  I feel some overall calm that I have n't felt in 10 years . I never thought it would happen ... never thought it would give me a feeling of closure , " she said . Now , she added , "  I feel better ... like I can start a new chapter in my life . " We celebrated ` the death of my generation 's face of terror ' Relatives of the victims are not the only Americans feeling relief Monday morning -- American Muslims also hope the death of bin Laden will open a new chapter in history . The 2001 attacks opened a "  wound has never quite healed , " said Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf , formerly of the controversial Park51 Muslim community center planned for lower Manhattan , not far from the former site of the twin towers . "  The killing of Osama bin Laden is a major milestone , " he said . "  It expresses the sense that there is a sense of healing beginning to take place . " Far from New York City , American Muslim lawyer Asma Hasan agrees that Osama bin Laden wounded the country 's Muslims , but is not sure his death with heal anything . "  The 9/11 attacks changed my life forever in a very challenging way , " said Hasan , who lives in Denver , Colorado . "  It 's 10 years later and people still question us " American Muslims . "  We have all had to become ambassadors for our religion , we have had to condemn every terrorist attack or be labeled a supporter of terrorism , " she said . "  None of us can be a quiet person that just goes to our jobs , we have all had to become multifaith activists who reach out , " said Hasan , the author of "  Red , White and Muslim . " "  I do n't think the death of Osama will change that , " she said . Steve Bernstein , whose older brother , Billy , worked in the World Trade Center , said he was "  very elated " at the news bin Laden was dead . "  We have been waiting for this for a long time , " he said . "  I felt that it was just a great moment for the country . " He said the scenes of jubilation across the United States should not be seen as people celebrating somebody 's death , but as a recognition that "  everyone feels that capturing bin Laden or killing bin Laden was something that needed to be done . " Bernstein had another brother who also worked in the World Trade Center but left to go to the bank just before the first plane hit . "  He said as soon as he saw it , he knew " Billy was dead , Bernstein said . Unlike some others in the towers , Billy Bernstein did not call to say goodbye , Steve Bernstein said . "  We never heard from him , " he said . Hunting down bin Laden at last "  shows the strength of America , shows we 're not going to put up with it , " he said , adding it would "  make the terrorists think twice . " Bernstein was "  a little surprised " bin Laden was buried at sea immediately after his death , he said , fearing it would fuel conspiracy theories . But in the final analysis , he said , "  the world can feel a little bit safer right now . " Another 9/11 widow , Kristen Breitweiser , said the death of bin Laden would change the world . "  My 12-year-old daughter will wake tomorrow to a safer world , hopefully a more peaceful world . And that brings me a rare sense of relief , " she said in a statement , adding that she was "  enormously grateful for the tireless effort and incredible courage and bravery of our counter-terrorism agents . There were also more raucous celebrations going on at ground zero , including groups of young local men waving flags and chanting "  USA ! USA ! " "  It took 10 years , but the fact that it happened today , we 're all rejoicing , " one of them told CNN , adding that "  everybody in America " was celebrating the death of bin Laden . In Oxford , Ohio , Miami University student Mike Chase celebrated by shaving a friend 's hair into the letters "  USA " with two red stars . "  The announcement means that when we set out to accomplish something we follow through . It 's a great milestone on the fight against terrorism , " the 21-year-old said . The Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association hailed the "  annihilation " of bin Laden as "  triumphant news . " "  I would say , ` May God have mercy on his hideous soul , ' but I do n't think he had one , " the organization 's president , Jon Adler , said . "  As we draw near September 11 and mourn the loss of our loved ones , let this victory remind all that the indomitable American will stands strong and eternal . " CNN 's Eric Marrapodi , Jason Carroll and Ali Velshi contributed to this report .	The Bible clearly justifies the killing of bin Laden , a megachurch pastor says American Muslims hope his death will lead to reconciliation Widow : "  I feel better ... like I can start a new chapter in my life " A college student shaves a friend 's hair into the letters "  USA "
Zhouqu , China  CNN  -- A day after a miraculous rescue , the sounds of cheers were replaced by crying families , the roar of bulldozers and dynamite blasting debris in Zhouqu , China , on Wednesday . More than 24 hours after a man was pulled from the debris of his collapsed home , the grim reality is setting in that the death toll in the region is rising rapidly . Recovery teams pulled another dead body from one destroyed building . Another group carried what appeared to be the remains of a young child through the streets . The bodies are delivered to a makeshift morgue just outside the city . The roads in are also jammed with trucks carrying hundreds of coffins , along with the much needed supplies of water , food and medicine . The official death toll stands at 702 , with more than a thousand still reported missing after mudslides and flooding engulfed this ethnic-Tibetan city in northwest China Saturday night . One village of 300 houses that local people said was home to more than 2,000 people was completely wiped out . The mud is becoming a threat to rescue teams as well . Pockets of air remain just below the surface , threatening to swallow up anyone who steps through them . The heat also hampered the rescue efforts , compounded by a severe lack of drinking water and the growing threat of disease . Temperatures on the ground are hovering around 34-degrees Celsius  93-degrees Fahrenheit  . Teams of workers combed through the city spraying for insecticide and disinfectants . With so many dead bodies still believed to be decomposing in the heat and mud , fears of epidemic were on the rise . State media reported that 7,000 tents were delivered to the city to help house the displaced . But a lack of flat and stable ground to pitch camps meant that most survivors faced the prospect of another day without shelter , while digging through debris in search of loved ones . China 's rainy season started with a vengeance in early May and has brought the worst flooding in a decade . More rain is forecast in the next few days . Some of the rocks and debris from the mudslide landed in the middle of the Bailong River that snakes through the area . The river overflowed and inundated low-lying neighborhoods . The government has been using explosives to break up the river debris , in an attempt to gradually release the water safely . CNN 's Emily Chang in Zhouqu , China , and Brian Walker in Atlanta contributed to this report .	The death toll stands at 702 A village of 300 houses is completely wiped out Heat , lack of drinking water , and threat of disease hamper rescue efforts The mudslides were triggered by heavy rains that have tormented China all summer
CNN  -- Did Florida just accidentally make all computers and smartphones illegal ? The state recently passed a bill to crack down on gambling in Internet cafes . In a potentially unfortunate twist for anyone using a computer or smartphone in the state , a new lawsuit alleges the wording on the bill is so broad that it could be interpreted as a ban on any device connected to the Internet . A new bill passed two months ago by the Florida legislature expanded the definition of a "  slot machine " so that it would include regular computers being used as makeshift slot machines , closing a loophole in state laws that legislators said allowed some gambling centers to operate as Internet cafes and adult arcades . The crackdown was kicked off by a multi-year investigation of a number of Florida gambling cafes that were masquerading as part of a charitable organization . It resulted in more than 50 arrests , the resignation of Florida Lt. Governor Jennifer Carroll and the new bill banning Internet cafes . "  There are unintended consequences of hastily passed legislation in the wake of a scandal , " said attorney Justin Kaplan , whose firm Kluger , Kaplan , Silverman , Katzen & Levine is representing the plaintiff in the suit . This lawsuit , which was published by the Miami Herald , is being brought on behalf of Incredible Investments , LLC , and its owner Consuelo Zapata . The company ran an Internet cafe in Homestead , a farming community south of Miami . Zapata 's cafe offered game promotions to visitors , When they purchased time on one of the machines they could use the computer to see if they 'd won anything . The lawsuit compares these "  sweepstakes drawings " to common company contests such as McDonald 's Monopoly game . Florida 's new , expanded definition of a slot machine includes "  any machine or device or system or network of devices " used to play games of chance or skill , which can be activated by not just inserting money , but an "  account number , code , or other object or information . " According to the lawsuit , this new definition could include any smartphone or computer in Florida since , in theory , any device with access to the Internet could be used to play an illegal game . "  The possibilities of going on the Internet and using your phone generally turns every single smartphone , computer , whatever , into an illegal slot machine , " said Kaplan . For example , a recent Bud Light advertising campaign shows a man entering a code from a case of beer into his smartphone to see if he won a prize from the company . "  Clearly you have a device which is activated by input of a code that indirectly , by any element of chance , entitles you to a payout , " said Kaplan of the contest . Anyone can walk into a public library and use its computers to participate in a March Madness contest , such as Yahoo 's annual Tourney Pick 'em , which offers a grand prize of $ 10,000 . According to Kaplan , the owner of that network of computers could be in trouble for running illegal slot machines . The definition of what is or is n't a slot machine is n't the only issue with the new law . Kaplan says that the law is unconstitutional because of an amendment that presumes a device is a slot machine if "  it is used to display images of games of chance " and involves a payout of anything of value . "  Here the burden is shifted , " said Kaplan . "  It 's saying you are presumed to be guilty , now prove to us this really was n't a slot machine . " Arcades and business with standalone gaming machines are being impacted as well , and more than 1,000 Internet cafes have already been shut down under the new law , according to the Tampa Bay Times .	Florida recently passed a law to crackdown on gambling in Internet cafes A new lawsuit alleges that the law could make all computers and smartphones illegal The law greatly expanded the definition of what qualifies as a "  slot machine "
As darkness falls , Joy Friedman hits the streets -- the same ones she used to troll for customers while working as a prostitute . "  My last trick was turned behind that storefront , " she said , gesturing to a nearby building . Now the survivor of sex trafficking cruises these neighborhoods with a different purpose . She 's looking for women and girls who are caught up in this lifestyle so she can offer them free condoms and hygiene products . She is also delivering a message : There is help for them if they want it . Friedman works for Breaking Free , a nonprofit that helps women escape prostitution . It 's where she got help 13 years ago . "  Prostitution  has been happening forever . And forever , women have just been the victims of it , " said Vednita Carter , the organization 's founder . "  They deserve better . " Since 1996 , Carter says she has helped more than 6,000 women get the support they need . In the process , she 's built an army of survivors who have joined her crusade to end sex trafficking . Lured into ` the life ' Carter personally knows about this world . At 18 , she was hoping to make money for college when she responded to an advertisement for "  dancers . " At first , she danced fully clothed , but her bosses and then-boyfriend soon pressured her into stripping and , eventually , prostitution . It was more than a year before Carter called a friend who helped her get back on her feet . Later , she realized how lucky she had been . "  The majority of women do n't have anyone to call . There is nowhere for them to turn , " said Carter , now 60 . "  That 's why I do this work . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes For many of the women Carter helps , "  the life " is all they 've known . Studies show that the average age of entry into child prostitution is 12 to 14 , and many of the girls have been sexually abused or were runaways . Carter works to educate the public and law enforcement to see these women as victims of sex trafficking rather than as criminals . "  Prostitution and sex trafficking really are the same thing . It 's about buying and selling a human being , " she said . Leaving ` the life ' behind Carter says 95 % of the women she helps struggle with addiction as well as physical abuse , mental trauma , financial instability and shame . "  It 's a process . If  they 've  been in it forever , it 's all they know , " she said . "  They think it 's their destiny . " Carter 's drop-in center provides food , clothing and emotional support to any woman coming off the street , no strings attached . For many women , the first significant step is to participate in a 14-week class called Sisters of Survival . Graduates are honored in a ceremony , marking the start of their new lives . CNN Money : Inside the underground sex economy "  They learn that they do have other choices that  they  can make , " Carter said . The group also provides permanent and temporary housing , addiction counseling , job skills training and legal assistance . Most of the staffers who work at Breaking Free are survivors of prostitution , making it one of just a few organizations like it in the United States . "  I have a purpose now , " Friedman said . "  I 'm a fighter , and I 'm going to fight 'til I die for each and every person involved in sexual exploitation . " Fighting the demand Carter believes that sex trafficking wo n't end until men stop purchasing sexual favors . She established one of the country 's first "  John Schools " that educates men arrested for solicitation about the impact of their actions . "  I 'm not here to make you feel like a piece of sh*t , but you 've got to feel something , " Doris Johnson , a survivor , told a group back in 2012 . "  That 's somebody 's daughter . " According to Carter 's group , only 2 % of the men who complete the course reoffend . Carter is considered by many to be a pioneer in the anti-sex trafficking movement , and she is determined to keep fighting as long as she can . "  We are really raising an army here . And this is a battle , " she said . "  It 's not OK to buy and sell us . We are not for sale . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Breaking Free website at www.breakingfree.net and see how to help .	Vednita Carter founded Breaking Free to support women who wish to escape prostitution She believes the women her nonprofit helps are victims of sex trafficking and not criminals Breaking Free provides food , clothing , housing , counseling , job skills training and more Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- An Arizona man caught leaving water bottles in the desert for illegal immigrants has been sentenced to 300 hours of community service and a year of probation , an aid group said . Walt Staton was convicted in June of littering by leaving jugs of water in a wildlife refuge . Walt Staton , a member of the group No More Deaths , left full water bottles in December in Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge for the illegal immigrants who routinely pass through the 18,000-acre refuge , according to court documents . A judge sentenced him Tuesday to 300 hours of picking up trash on public property and a year of probation , No More Deaths said in a written statement . He is also banned from the refuge during that time , the group said . Although the case involved only a misdemeanor charge , both sides used the divisive issue of illegal immigration in their arguments ; Staton 's lawyer argued that Staton 's actions were humanitarian , but the government said otherwise . In a sentencing memo , the federal prosecutors wrote that Staton 's "  actions are not about humanitarian efforts , but about protesting the immigration policies of the United States , and aiding those that enter illegally into the United States . " Noting the phrase scrawled on many of the plastic water jugs -- "  buena suerte , " or "  good luck " in Spanish -- the prosecutors said , "  The obvious conclusion is that the defendant and No More Deaths wish to aid illegal aliens in their entry attempt . " They also said , as did the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , that leaving the full plastic jugs on the refuge is detrimental to the health of the animals that live there . Citing a biologist , the prosecutors said that animals could eat the plastic and that others could get feet or antlers caught on the bottles . Prosecutors had requested a $ 5,000 fine , along with five years of probation , according to court documents . Staton , who No More Deaths says is to begin seminary school at the Claremont School of Theology in Claremont , California , had initially refused to pay a $ 175 fine for littering , said Staton 's lawyer , Bill Walker . After his refusal , the government enhanced the charges against him , arguing that he "  knowingly littered , " said Walker , who is also a member of No More Deaths . The charge can carry a $ 100,000 fine and a year in jail , Walker said . Charges against three other people who were cited with Staton in December were dropped , he said . A jury convicted Staton in June of littering . Walker said he is appealing . "  We think that Walt did nothing wrong , " he said . "  We do not think that this conviction will be upheld on appeal . " He described Staton as "  the kind of guy you 'd want to have as your next door neighbor . " A spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's office in Arizona declined comment . Mike Hawkes of the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge said Thursday that although he had no issue with groups leaving water out for illegal immigrants , "  there 's ways to do it without leaving plastic jugs out there . " He said the plastic jugs were strewn throughout the refuge , which is home to hundreds of bird , reptile and mammal species , according to its Web site . "  We have sympathy for what they have to do , " he said . But "  they have do to do it without putting plastic bottles out there . ... You ca n't go anywhere in the refuge without seeing plastic bottles through the countryside . " Hawkes said refuge officials and members of No More Deaths had met and were trying to come up with methods that do n't involve plastic bottles . Staton is the second member of No More Deaths to be convicted of littering , according to court documents ; however , the other received a suspended sentence . Walker said that after Staton 's conviction , 13 No More Deaths members were charged with littering on the refuge . With tens of thousands of illegal immigrants crossing through the refuge -- Hawkes said last year 's number was about 54,000 , down from hundreds of thousands years earlier -- the last water-related death there was in June 2008 , he said .	No More Deaths member gets 300 hours of community service , year of probation He left bottles of water in Arizona wildlife refuge for people crossing border Prosecutors : "  Good luck " written on bottles indicated intent to aid illegal immigration Fish and Wildlife Service said leaving bottles is detrimental to animals
CNN  Nearly every piece of plastic still exists on Earth , regardless of whether it 's been recycled , broken down into microscopic bits or discarded in the ocean . And the world keeps producing more of the material -- creating 288 million metric tons of it in 2012 . About 4.8 to 12.7 million metric tons of it end up in the oceans in 2010 , according to a new estimate published in the journal Science . That report released Thursday ranks countries that generate the most plastic debris into the oceans , with Asian nations taking 13 out of the top 20 spots . Using World Bank data on 192 coastal countries , researchers estimated that China , the most populous nation , has the most mismanaged plastic waste per year and also generates the most plastic debris that end up in the ocean at 28 % . Mismanaged waste means the material is littered or not properly disposed of -- meaning there is n't a formally managed waste management system . "  The study is not to point fingers at people , it was n't to focus on the countries , " said lead author Jenna Jambeck . "  The purpose was to make a global estimate . " But the data set Jambeck and the seven co-authors used was only available on a country-by-country level . Eight of the top 10 countries with mismanaged plastic waste are in Asia . "  Many of them are middle-income countries with rapidly growing economy , " said Jambeck of the University of Georgia . "  They have also large coastal populations , they have high levels of mismanaged waste , they have trouble keeping up with infrastructure . " The United States also cracked the top 20 and had a higher rate of waste generation per person at 5.6 pounds per person than China  2.4 pounds  . Low-income countries were less likely to end up on the list , because of less waste , Jambeck said . Since 1974 , the world has undergone a 620 % increase in plastic production , according to the researchers . "  When the waste was natural material , we could leave it and not think about it , " Jambeck said . "  Even disposing of it in the land was fine , but plastic has increased 650 % in the last 40 years . "  It 's a wake-up call . We need to look at this and the way we 're collecting and containing our waste . " Plastic waste discarded in the ocean raises a number of concerns , scientists say . It may damage ecosystems and marine animals , contaminate our food supply , and lead to chemical leaching . Estimates of the time it takes to degrade plastic range from hundreds to thousands of years -- and because plastic has only been around for 100 years , there has n't been enough time to observe the process , says Darby Hoover , senior resource specialist at Natural Resources Defense Council , an environmental group . Meanwhile , plastic waste keeps on growing with more people and more consumption , the report authors wrote . "  All that consumption is growing , unfortunately the waste management systems around the world are not keeping pace as quickly as the consumption and products -- there 's a big mismatch , " said Doug Woodring , who was not involved in the study but has worked on the issue of plastics waste at the Ocean Recovery Alliance in Hong Kong . Last year , one study in the journal PLOS estimated that a minimum of 5.25 trillion floating plastic particles weighing 268,940 tons are in the ocean . This estimate included only surface plastics , and not the materials that have sunk . "  A lot of people think of an island of floating garbage , people envision that there are forms of an island you can see on Google Earth -- it 's much more diffuse than that , " Hoover said . " All of our oceans are plastic soups - everywhere you can go . " Environmentalists have criticized the rampant use of plastics in packaging that are only used once and then discarded . The solutions have to be both local and global , Jambeck said . "  It 's everybody 's responsibility . Of course , do n't litter and prioritize using reusables , " Hoover said . "  At the same time there 's a responsibility on companies who produce the products found in oceans , to make sure the materials they produce are recyclable , get recycled and look for ways to improve the infrastructure . " While China topped the list in the report , the country has made some efforts to curb waste . In 2008 , China banned free plastic bags and five years later , banned the import of poorly sorted recyclables from other countries including the U.S. . There are some successful models , said Woodring . For example , Taiwan places a surcharge on plastics sold on a company level and it pays for the sorting , capturing , cleaning and recycling . However , some countries lack infrastructure for waste management and recycling .	Research estimates amount of plastic going from land to ocean Report published in Science ranks China as top for mismanaged plastic waste Advocate : Consumption in plastic growing , but not infrastructure
CNN  The world 's strangest looking airplane is celebrating the 20th anniversary of its first flight this month . Popularly known as the "  Beluga , " because of its resemblance to the white Arctic whale , the Airbus A300-600ST  ST stands for Super Transporter  is unique not only in appearance , but also for the essential role it performs in European aviation . Today , more than 60 flights are performed each week between 11 sites , carrying parts for all of the Airbus programs . So what 's so special about this odd-looking aircraft ? Here 's an in-depth look at the A300-600ST . From guppies to belugas Airbus ' production centers are scattered all over the continent , a legacy of its origins as a pan-European consortium . Each factory specializes in the completion of a specific section of an aircraft . The five Belugas , all operated by Airbus , link these plants and take the different aircraft sections to the final assembly line , either in Toulouse or Hamburg . Until the mid-1990s , Airbus used another funny-looking aircraft to perform its big transporting jobs -- the "  Super Guppy , " a derivative of the Boeing C-97 , a military cargo version of the 1940s Boeing 377 Stratocruiser . The Super Guppy was already outdated by the time Airbus started using it . Worse was the fact that Airbus was relying on a couple of old aircraft from its chief rival , Boeing , to handle the bulk of its logistics chain . If it was to keep up with its frantic growth , Airbus concluded it needed something better . The airframe chosen for the job was taken from the Airbus A300-600 , an aircraft that already had a successful track record with airlines such as Lufthansa , Air France and American Airlines . Each of the five Belugas in operation are , actually , Airbus A300-600 jets that have been modified to carry large cargo . The top section of the aircraft was cut and an additional , wider fuselage section -- resembling a bubble -- was added to the airframe , giving it its characteristic hump . The cockpit was lowered , making it possible for the cargo hold to be loaded and unloaded through the front of the aircraft . The result is an incredibly spacious cargo hold . Although the Beluga 's maximum payload of 47 tons is surpassed by a handful of other cargo aircraft , its voluminous hold makes it suitable for transporting oversized , but not particularly heavy , cargo . Like aircraft parts . The Beluga can carry the wings of an A340 airliner or a fuselage section for Airbus ' newest wide-body aircraft , the A350 . But it 's not large enough to transport many A380 super jumbo parts . Those need to travel by boat , barge and road . Belugas have occasionally been chartered to fly satellites , helicopters and even works of art . Delacroix 's "  Liberty Leading the People " flew from Paris to Tokyo on a Beluga -- the canvas would n't fit into any other plane . Coming up : Beluga XL With the Beluga hitting two decades of indefatigable service , it 's starting to show its age and limitations . Since the Beluga 's maiden flight on September 13 , 1994 , Airbus has multiplied aircraft deliveries by nearly five . The company has become more global , diversifying its supplier base and opening assembly plants in China and Alabama -- well outside the Beluga 's relatively short range of 1,500 nautical miles with maximum payload . In order to cope with the increasing workload , Airbus has put in place the so-called "  Fly 10,000 " program . The program aims to optimize the company 's logistics infrastructure by increasing the work performed by its transport fleet to 10,000 hours per year by 2017 . The plan includes the Beluga . Airbus says the Beluga 's flight hours per aircraft have doubled since it first went into service and will do so again by 2017 , from 5,000 to 10,000 flight hours , due to the production start of the A350 XWB in 2012 and the production ramp-up on other Airbus programs . With aircraft order books at a historic maximum , however , Airbus ca n't afford to bet its vital logistics operation chain on the readiness of five aging aircraft . Though no decisions have been made , Airbus is reportedly looking at potential replacement solutions . Tentatively called Beluga XL , the Beluga 's replacement is likely to be based on the A330 airframe . It 's expected to have a longer range and be able to carry a heavier payload , while still being able to land at airports with relatively short runways , such as the one in Broughton , Wales , where Airbus makes wings for its airliners . The next generation Beluga should also make it possible for Airbus to double its number of cargo flights to 120 per week . What seems assured is that the Beluga XL is going to look similar to the current version , something plane spotters passing through Toulouse should appreciate . Originally published January 2014 , updated September 17 , 2014 . Miquel Ros is an aviation blogger . An economist by background , he 's worked for Flightglobal and Bloomberg . He currently covers the airline industry through Allplane.tv and other online media .	The Airbus A300-600ST -- better known as the Beluga -- took its maiden flight on September 13 , 1994 The Beluga was designed to end Airbus ' reliance on the Boeing Super Guppy Airbus ' five Belugas are made to transport huge items , such as aircraft wings Airbus may be looking at a potential "  Beluga XL " replacement
CNN  -- A record number of Americans served time in corrections systems across the country in 2007 , according to a report released Monday by the Pew Center on the States . Some of the nation 's most high-profile federal inmates are housed at the Supermax prison in Colorado . The U.S. correctional population -- those in jail , prison , on probation or on parole -- totaled 7.3 million , or 1 in every 31 adults . The Pew Center on the States compiled the information from Justice Department and Census Bureau statistics . America 's prison population has skyrocketed over the past quarter century . In 1982 , 1 in 77 adults were in the correctional system in one form or another , totaling 2.2 million people . The United States has 5 percent of the world 's population , but 25 percent of the world 's prison inmates , the center said . The numbers vary widely by race and gender . "  Black adults are four times as likely as whites and nearly 2.5 times as likely as Hispanics to be under correctional control . One in 11 black adults -- 9.2 percent -- was under correctional supervision at year-end 2007 , " the report said . "  And although the number of female offenders continues to grow , men of all races are under correctional control at a rate five times that of women . " There are also wide differences depending on the state . Georgia tops the nation , with 1 in 13 adults in the state 's corrections system , while in New Hampshire the figure is 1 in 88 . Southern states tended to have higher rates , with Plains and rural Northeastern states coming in lower . "  State policy choices are responsible for creating this mess and state policy choices can get us out , " said Adam Gelb , director of the Public Safety Performance Project for the Pew Center on the States . "  There are two things , and two things only that determine the size and cost of the prison system . " Dealing out longer sentences and putting more people behind bars have been the hallmarks of Southern states , he said . America 's record prison population has had a huge budgetary effect , according to the report , with increased corrections spending outstripping everything at the state level except for Medicaid . Gelb said prison costs 22 times more than community-based corrections . "  If you talk to judges and prosecutors practically anywhere in this country , they will tell you if they had stronger community corrections , they would n't have to send so many people -LSB- to prison -RSB- for so many low-level offenses , " he said . For California , it has meant overcrowded prisons . In February , federal judges tentatively ruled that California must reduce the number of inmates in its prison system by up to 40 percent to stop a constitutional violation of prisoners ' rights . Implementing the court 's ruling would result in up to 58,000 prisoners being released , said Matthew Cate , California 's corrections and rehabilitation secretary , describing it as a threat to public safety . The Pew Center on the States , through its Public Safety Performance Project , says it promotes "  fiscally sound , data-driven policies and practices in sentencing and corrections that protect public safety , hold offenders accountable , and control corrections costs . "	NEW : Director : Weak community corrections programs force judges to choose jail Record 7.3 million people were in jail , prison or on probation or parole in 2007 That 's one in every 31 people in the U.S. , Pew Center on States found Blacks four times more likely than whites to be in corrections system , study showed
CNN  -- Here 's a question that seems to be lost in the debate over the Scottish independence vote scheduled for September 18 : If Scotland votes to secede , does that open up a spot for another country ? And if so -- Scotland , can we take your place ? I realize that Americans fought a bloody war of independence from England in the late 1700s , but our rifts have healed over the past 240 years . In 2013 , the Pew Research Center reported that England topped America 's list of favorite nations , in a near-tie with our beloved northern neighbor , Canada . In the past few years , as America has degenerated into political and economic chaos , it has become increasingly clear that we would be far better off if we apologized for our revolt against the Crown and requested to rejoin the United Kingdom . There are four main ways America would benefit from unification with the UK : Brits have better health , less inequality , excellent manners and -- let 's face it -- a superior culture . Let 's improve our quality of life by joining them . Want to live longer ? Then let 's become Stateland â $ " the 50-state replacement for Scotland . Brits have greater longevity than Americans , and the British health care system , while far from perfect , is indescribably better than ours . In my visits to the United Kingdom , I 've noticed that just about anyone who can afford private health insurance buys it , which allows Brits to supplement their free , government-provided health care . That means there 's a baseline of care that every person receives , and if you want something faster or better , you pay for it yourself . Meanwhile , America 's needlessly complicated arrangement of government - and employer-provided health care , in a clumsy compromise with insurance companies , costs way more than other developed countries ' while producing worse results . Next , Britain is a more equitable society . Although America has a higher GDP per capita , most of us -- that is , the 99 % -- are not happy because of our ever-widening wealth gap . Brits have less inequality , and their median incomes  unlike ours  have risen in the past decade . America 's middle class used to be the richest in the world ; now we 're overtaken by Canada . Unless you are the 1 % in America , chances are your wages are stagnant . Living a good life -- owning a house and a car and being able to support a family -- seems like a struggle , especially when compared with your parents ' generation . Americans could also learn a few lessons from the Brits when it comes to good manners . When I took students with me to film news reports of the 2012 Olympics in London , we dealt with unimaginable crowds on the street , in the shopping centers and on the Tube . Did we hear groans of exasperation when we accidentally bumped into Brits in Parliament Square while trying to get a better view of Big Ben ? Never . Did we see looks of frustration when our cameras accidentally knocked into innocent people in Piccadilly Circus ? Not even once . This patience and politeness stands in stark contrast to the attitude in big American cities , where cab drivers curse at you just for your mere existence , and TSA agents at American airports compete for the title of Biggest Emotional Abuser . Finally , America would benefit from a closer association with Britain 's culture . The country that produced Shakespeare , the world 's best storyteller , has also given us some of the best entertainment and media of modern times . Our imitation of British television  e.g. "  The Office "  speaks for itself . Has any band ever topped the Beatles ? And nothing against PBS and NPR , but the BBC produces some of the best publicly funded journalism , putting much of the world 's radio and television news programs to shame . The world respects the United Kingdom , in part , because the BBC is so trustworthy . That 's called soft power . But wait , you ask . What 's in it for the Brits ? Three things . Natural resources  oh so much land !  , the majestic Grand Canyon and a sport called "  American football . " They 'll love it . So remember , Americans , if Scotland votes for independence on September 18 , let 's improve our lives by asking to take their place -- if not officially , then at least in spirit . We hold this truth to be self-evident : Brits have a superior society . Americans claim we do n't want a monarchy , but deep down , we 're just as hungry as our British cousins for news about Queen Elizabeth , Princes William and Harry , and those adorable royal babies . England , will you take us back ?	Scottish is voting on a referendum for independence from England on September 18 David Wheeler : If Scotland secedes , can America take its place ? He offers four main ways why Americans would benefit from unification with the UK Wheeler : Brits have better health , manners , less inequality and superior culture
Remember those "  Where 's Waldo " books ? You know , the ones featuring a bespectacled , beanstalky character dressed in a red-and-white striped shirt -- and hiding in massive crowds . Objective : find him , turn page . A fascinating online project is using that same spot-that-one-thing construct to try to save rhinos and other wildlife from poaching at a wildlife reserve in Namibia . Part of the MicroMappers effort , the Namibia project gathered 500 volunteers -- "  digital rangers , " in the group 's parlance -- over the weekend to sift through aerial photos looking for wildlife . The goal was to survey more land more quickly than on-the-ground rangers could , and to consequently protect rhinos and the like from poaching or other threats . The online army of volunteers , which included people from dozens of countries , surveyed more than 25,000 aerial photos shot by drones from Friday to Sunday , according to the group 's website . They circled wildlife they found , and uploaded their findings . Volunteers could spend as much or as little time as they wanted . "  It is challenging but a really fun challenge , " Patrick Meier , director of social innovation at the Qatar Computing Research Institute , which was behind the project , wrote in an email to me . "  It  makes me feel like a digital Indiana Jones or Sherlock Holmes . " So , pick your metaphor : Waldo , Jones or Sherlock . It 's cool no matter how you describe it . The effort grows out of Meier 's work with Ushahidi and others to help citizens map and analyze data in response to natural disasters , like the 2010 Haiti earthquake . It also builds on the citizen science movement , which seeks to involve everyday people in real scientific endeavors , from analyzing whale songs to mapping the structure of proteins . I love these projects -- not just for their do-gooder potential , but also because they encourage people to get involved in the news , and to learn something new about the world . As Meier put it : "  Hopefully now people know where Namibia is on the map ! "  Sub-Saharan Africa , by the way , northwest of South Africa and south of Angola  . I also reported on the illegal wildlife trade in Southeast Asia earlier this year for CNN 's Change the List project , so the project hit a chord with me for that reason , too . The black market trade in wildlife is massive -- $ 5 billion to $ 20 billion per year , according to Defenders of Wildlife . Rhinos are in particular trouble lately . It 's a worthy issue and , as Meier explained , an important test of a "  micro-tasking " platform that could be used to tackle other crises , including disaster response . I asked Meier to answer a few questions about the Namibia wildlife project over email . The following is a copy-paste version of that conversation , edited for length and clarity : Sutter : What 's the name of the project and who 's behind it ? Meier : It 's called MicroMappers , a joint initiative between the Qatar Computing Research Institute and the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  . In terms of the MicroMappers Wildlife/Namibia deployment , this is a joint collaboration with the Qatar Computing Research Institute , Drone Adventures , Kuzikus Wildlife Reserve , Polytechnic of Namibia , and l'École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne . Sutter : How did it come about ? Meier : As a digital humanitarian response to Typhoon Pablo in the Philippines 2012 . We had experimented with micro-tasking to analyze pictures posted on Twitter to support the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ' rapid damage assessment efforts . After this largely successful response , OCHA called me up and asked me if I 'd be ready to replicate this effort  micro-tasking  in future disasters . More recently , given the increasing use of unmanned aerial vehicles  UAVs , or drones  in humanitarian response , we decided to develop the Aerial Clicker . The purpose of the Aerial Clicker is to crowdsource the analysis of aerial imagery for disaster response . The Qatar Computing Research Institute wanted to test the new Aerial Clicker -- but not in the middle of a disaster . Given our existing collaboration with Drone Adventures  a group aiming to help citizens map the word with drones  , I approached the latter and offered to help their partners in Namibia analyze their aerial imagery . This would help the rangers assess whether crowdsourcing could support their future wildlife monitoring and protection work while helping us test the Aerial Clicker in a nondisaster situation . Sutter : The MicroMappers said over the weekend that about 500 "  digital rangers " participated in this project . Who are they -- what sorts of day jobs do they have , etc ? Meier : It 's hard to say since many do n't sign in to volunteer but , anecdotally , a combination of digital humanitarian volunteers and individuals who are interested in wildlife protection , from all ages and walks of life . I know that several U.S. schools are involved , since several teachers got in touch with me earlier . Here 's a note I got from a woman who is participating : "  I am very grateful and looking forward to being even a small part of MicroMappers . I donate to National Geographic and also make purchases that benefit conservation of land and the animals that habitate them , including purchases of the book ` Tigers Forever , ' etc. . It was always my dream to go to Africa to help the wildlife in any way I could , but realistically that is not possible for most . So thank you so much for helping me to participate in this program , and giving us , the public , an opportunity to help , hopefully this can be another step towards stopping the poachers . " Sutter : What 's the end goal ? Or what big questions are you hoping will be answered ? Meier : The big questions we 're hoping to answer : Can the crowd accurately identify and trace features of interest in high resolution aerial imagery captured by  drones  ? Is the Aerial Clicker ready for prime time  i.e. a deployment during a disaster  ? Are the resulting traces of high quality enough to develop machine learning classifiers to potentially semi-automate the identification of features in future deployments ? Sutter : Where do the images come from - and who will analyze the findings ? Meier : The images come from Drone Adventures . We will analyze the results together with the rangers at Kuzikus Wildlife Reserve . Sutter : This seems like adult "  Where 's Waldo " to me -- but , I guess , with a purpose ? Meier : Yes , "  Where 's Waldo " with a purpose . Incidentally , one of our next pilots will likely be later this year in the Philippines . A local UAV partner , called SkyEye , is doing some great work around the use of UAVs for disaster response . After major typhoons in the Philippines , one important element of disaster damage assessment is to determine how many coconut trees have been uprooted/destroyed since this impacts local livelihoods and food security . To date , SkyEye has had to manually count destroyed coconut trees in the many aerial pictures they take . So what we want to do is to upload these images to the Aerial Clicker and launch a similar challenge to determine whether the crowd is able to accurately identify said coconut trees . We 're also interested to explore whether these resulting traces can be used to create a machine learning classifier for destroyed coconut trees . In general , one of the main use cases for the Aerial Clicker is infrastructure damage assessment . That said , given the interest around the Namibia challenge , it 's clear that our Clicker  and the other Clickers  could be used for applications beyond disaster response . In fact , an archaeologist who uses UAVs as part of his work got in touch to ask about potentially using the Aerial Clicker and crowdsourcing as part of his archaeology projects . We 're psyched about all the other possible applications and keen to explore these and partner with others . This is very much in line with the mandate and focus of the social innovation program that I direct at the Qatar Computing Research Institute . Sutter : Have you gone digital game hunting yourself ? Is it hard ? Meier : Yes I have  although I would n't use the word hunting  . It is challenging but a really fun challenge -- makes me feel like a digital Indiana Jones or Sherlock Holmes . There are all those computing games for kids  mostly  that ask players to find certain hidden objects in made-up pictures . It 's all fictitious but this  wildlife challenge  is real , so you can have fun while doing something meaningful and learning a few things in the process . Hopefully , now , people know where Namibia is on the map ! And have learned a few things about wildlife issues in the country . Sutter : Tell me how this effort fits into the bigger picture - both in terms of the crowdsourcing movement and environmental science ? Meier : I 've come into this from the digital humanitarian side of things but there are obviously important overlaps with citizen science , which is why I 've spent quite a bit of time learning from the pros in citizen science , like Zooniverse .  I 'm collaborating with them on this other project , by the way , and we 're hoping to pilot the initiative very soon  . Zooniverse is really great for large-scale citizen science deployments . In our case , MicroMappers seeks to support the "  long tail " of citizen science or digital-humanitarian projects , i.e. those projects which simply do n't require hundreds of thousands of volunteers but rather a few hundred to a few thousand . That 's where we fit in the bigger picture . Sutter : Is this new ? Or how does it push things forward ? Meier : Crowdsourcing the analysis of aerial imagery for wildlife protection is certainly new . I have n't heard of any other project like this . But what MicroMappers really pushes forward is how easy it is to become a digital humanitarian or a digital ranger , for that matter . The Clickers are specifically designed so that anyone can volunteer without prior experience or special skills . With MicroMappers , we 're looking to democratize the digital humanitarian experience .	Online project aims to help protect rhinos and other wildlife in Namibia Players are asked to spot wildlife in digital photos shot by drones CNN 's John Sutter talks with Patrick Meier , an organizer Meier says participating makes him "  feel like a digital Indiana Jones or Sherlock Holmes "
It 's a heartwarming , epic journey through defining events of the late 20th century , as seen through the eyes of a dim-witted but honorable hero whose life is a testament to small-town American values . It 's an overrated , manipulative tearjerker that glosses over a turbulent period of U.S. history and suggests a simpleton can become a successful businessman , husband and father merely by chance . With "  Forrest Gump , " which hit theaters 20 years ago this weekend , there 's not much middle ground . The movie won the best picture Oscar , earned $ 677 million around the world and is hailed by many as a modern classic , filled with homespun catchphrases like , "  My momma always said life was like a box of chocolates . You never know what you 're gon na get . " But many critics -- and some moviegoers -- hated it . To them , "  Forrest Gump " was a simpleminded mix of gooey sentiment and ridiculous flights of fancy .  Forrest suddenly decides to jog back and forth across the country ? For three years ? Seriously ? "  Robert Zemeckis ' ode to 20th century America still represents one of cinema 's most clearly drawn lines in the sand , " said Entertainment Weekly a decade after the movie 's release . "  One-half of folks see it as an artificial piece of pop melodrama , while everyone else raves that it 's sweet as a box of chocolates . " Twenty years later , the movie remains a cultural touchstone -- and surprisingly polarizing . While some other best picture winners from the '90s  "  The English Patient "  have faded from memory , it 's hard to find someone even now who does n't have an opinion about "  Forrest Gump . " "  I think the movie can be read in several different ways , " said Sam Wineburg , a professor of history at Stanford University who has co-authored academic papers about the movie 's influence . "  It can be read as a celebration of American goodness and innocence . And it can also be read as a kind of critique of American naivete and innocence . " Here 's a closer look at some of the arguments around "  Forrest Gump , " both pro and con . It 's a celebration of conservative values Forrest , as played by Tom Hanks , is the epitome of wholesome decency : a God-fearing , All-American football player and war hero who has no use for the counterculture movements of the late '60s . Despite an IQ of 75 , he achieves fame and financial success . He 's even from red-state Alabama ! Meanwhile Forrest 's childhood sweetheart , Jenny Curran , becomes a promiscuous hippie , joins the anti-war movement , hangs out with the Black Panthers , gets strung out on cocaine , ponders suicide and eventually -- if you need a spoiler alert here , we feel sorry for you -- dies of an unspecified disease . No wonder many political conservatives embraced the movie . In 2009 the National Review ranked it No. 4 on its list of the 25 best conservative films of the past 25 years . "  It seems the film promotes a very conventional conservative political position , " said Daniel Herbert , a professor of media culture at the University of Michigan . "  While both Forrest and Jenny experience many of the most notable historical events of the era , Jenny 's anti-conformist lifestyle is made to look very unappealing . " Ugh . It panders to audiences Between Alan Silvestri 's swelling score and Hanks ' somber voice-overs -- especially at the deaths of three major characters -- "  Forrest Gump " wears its emotions on the surface . For many viewers , this worked -- especially during the tear-jerking final scene at Jenny 's grave -- but others complained the movie went for cheap sentiment by suggesting to moviegoers how they should feel at each moment . "  This movie is so insistently heartwarming that it chilled me to the marrow , " wrote Anthony Lane in The New Yorker . "  There are no moral crosswinds here , not a breath of doubt or unease to ruffle the Gump image . " Some critics griped the movie had no nuance , no subtlety , no shades of gray to muddy its simplistic view of the world . "  It is incredibly manipulative ... in what I would say is the most dangerous way , which is manipulation through a sleight-of-hand superficial liberalism ; it hides its political conservatism in a good-ole-boy story about a protagonist whose very heroism is totally unconscious , unaware , " said Hunter Vaughan , a professor of film theory at the University of Oakland in Rochester , Michigan . "  It is a funny film , a sweet film , and an entertaining film , " he added . "  But it is a deceptive film , a manipulative film , and  like most best picture winners  a conservative film . " It offers young viewers a valuable history lesson "  Forrest Gump " spans some 30 years and touches on many important chapters in U.S. history , including the Vietnam War , the '60s anti-war movement and the Watergate scandal . Along the way Forrest encounters a young Elvis Presley and three U.S. presidents and even appears to inspire John Lennon 's "  Imagine " when he meets the ex-Beatle on a talk show . Some teachers have shown the movie in high school classrooms as a jumping-off point for discussing the '60s and '70s . No , it airbrushes history "  The film ... simplifies historical events that were incredibly tumultuous and complex , " said the University of Michigan 's Herbert . By presenting history through the experiences of the slow-witted Forrest , the movie "  situates history as something to be felt , emotionally , at the expense of intellectual consideration . " Wineburg , of Stanford , surveyed students about the movie and found that they remembered iconic moments , such as the scene where Forrest accidentally addresses an anti-war protest in Washington and reunites with Jenny . But the students did n't remember how Forrest got there , or understand the scene 's historical undercurrent -- that disillusioned Vietnam veterans were instrumental in turning public opinion against the war . Hey , lighten up ! It 's just a fable Many believe "  Forrest Gump , " adapted liberally from Winston Groom 's novel , is not meant to be taken literally . Some viewers see Forrest as a Christ-like figure , especially in the scenes when he 's trotting across the country , long-haired and bearded , with a herd of followers behind him . Even its floating feather , which opens the film , can be seen as a metaphor for the randomness of fate and the direction of one 's life . It was a pioneer in visual effects "  Forrest Gump " received kudos for its unobtrusive and Oscar-winning digital effects that made Gary Sinise 's Lt. Dan look like he had no legs and turned a few thousand extras at the Lincoln Memorial into half a million war protesters . The filmmakers also inserted Hanks seamlessly into archival footage of presidents John F. Kennedy , Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard Nixon , providing some of the movie 's funniest moments . OK , but it 's no ` Pulp Fiction ' Although "  Forrest Gump " beat "  Pulp Fiction " for the 1994 best picture Oscar , many film scholars rate Quentin Tarantino 's film -- with its vivid antiheroes , nonlinear plot and pungent dialogue -- as the better movie . "  Pulp Fiction " and its gallery of colorful criminals did n't stand a chance of winning top honors at the Oscars that year . But Tarantino 's brash movie inspired countless imitators . If you ask a film critic to list the most influential movies of the 1990s , you probably wo n't hear them mention "  Forrest Gump . " Who cares ? It 's a classic "  Forrest Gump " blends drama , comedy , reality and fantasy into a genre-busting saga that almost defies description . It should n't work , but it does . Its scenes , and lines , are indelible to many of us : "  Run , Forrest , run ! " "  I got ta pee . " "  Stupid is as stupid does . " "  That boy sure is a runnin ' fool ! " "  I 'm sorry I had to fight in the middle of your Black Panther party . " "  There 's pineapple shrimp , lemon shrimp , coconut shrimp , pepper shrimp ... " The list , and "  Forrest Gump 's " legacy , goes on and on . And that 's all we have to say about that .	"  Forrest Gump " was released in the United States on July 6 , 1994 Twenty years later the movie remains a cultural touchstone , and surprisingly polarizing While audiences embraced the film , some critics hated it
Washington  CNN  -- A suburban Washington county official at the center of an FBI investigation into years of kickbacks says he is innocent and that the facts will prove it . Jack Johnson , who served as the executive of Prince George 's County , Maryland , since 2002 , spoke to reporters late Friday after the FBI released details of how he and his wife allegedly tried to hide checks and evidence of illegal payments , even going so far as to flush a $ 100,000 check down the toilet . The Johnsons were both charged with tampering with evidence and destruction of records after they appeared in federal court late Friday in Greenbelt , Maryland , just outside the U.S. capital . "  I 'm innocent of these charges and I just ca n't wait for the facts to come out , " said Johnson . "  When they come out , I am absolutely convinced that I 'm going to be -- that we will be vindicated . " An affidavit by an FBI investigator whose team was monitoring wiretaps detailed a dramatic end to an alleged years-long kickback scheme organized by the couple . Read the affidavit  pdf After the Johnsons were arrested , FBI agents searched their Mitchellville , Maryland , home , walking out with at least 10 boxes filled with evidence . U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein stressed the investigation is continuing . The Johnsons were released on their own recognizance , but Jack Johnson will be required to wear a monitoring device and presumably will be allowed to continue serving out the last weeks of his expiring term as county executive if he chooses . The judge , however , ordered him not to attempt to destroy any evidence . Jack Johnson had been the Prince George 's County prosecutor prior to his eight years as executive . Leslie Johnson was just recently elected to the nine-member Prince George 's County Council . "  We socialize with them and it 's just shocking , " a female neighbor of the Johnsons told CNN affiliate WUSA on Friday . "  They 're very nice people , very kind people . " The 10-page affidavit says the FBI began investigating Johnson in 2006 when it learned that certain real estate developers were paying Johnson for contracts . That led to "  a series of authorizations for the interception of wire communications . " The frantic end began early Friday when Johnson allegedly received a $ 15,000 payoff , and the FBI suddenly barged into the room to demand an explanation . Johnson told them the cash was for a party marking the end of his tenure as county executive . He also claimed he had no dealings with the developer who was with him . The FBI says Johnson made a series of false statements . The agents let him go but then eavesdropped on a series of frantic phone calls between the couple as Jack Johnson and the FBI headed for the Johnsons ' Mitchellville home . "  Two women  agents  are at the door , " Leslie told her husband . "  Do n't answer it , " Jack said . He told her to run upstairs to their bedroom and go to "  my drawer . " "  You will see a check in there that  an unidentified developer  wrote to me , " he said . The affidavit says that when Leslie found the check , Jack told her to tear it up . "  Do you want me to put it down the toilet ? " she asked . Jack Johnson replied , "  Yes , flush that . " The agents monitoring the phone calls heard a flushing sound . Leslie Johnson grabbed cash from the bedroom and also ran to the basement and grabbed more cash . "  Put in your bra and walk out or something , I do n't know what to do , " Jack Johnson said . "  I have it in my bra , " his wife replied . Agents then searched Leslie Johnson and found $ 79,600 in her underwear , the FBI affidavit says . The wild ending may end up costing the Johnsons . The FBI says there is probable cause to believe that the pair "  tampered with ... evidence and engaged in destruction , alteration , and falsification of records in a federal investigation . " The FBI document does not say how much money Johnson may have received in kickbacks or bribes . It does say at least some of the funds involved were targeted from an $ 80 million budget for programs supported by federal grants such as those from Department of Housing and Community Development . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Jack Johnson is executive of Prince George 's County , Maryland He says he is innocent and the facts will prove it He and his wife were charged Friday An FBI affidavit describes years of kickbacks
CNN  -- Racist abuse , fan violence , attacks on players -- on the face of it , English football seems to be experiencing a return to the dark days that led to its clubs being banned from Europe in the 1980s . One respected English newspaper declared the sport to be "  toxic " and "  spinning out of control " following Sunday 's tumultuous Manchester derby . "  Disturbing ... deplorable ... unacceptable " was how Football Association chairman David Bernstein described the pitch invasion , coin throwing , allegations of racist abuse and 13 arrests made during and after United 's 3-2 victory at City . That the Premier League 's two leading clubs could be involved in such a poor advert for one of the world 's most popular and lucrative sporting competitions has led many to question its leaders . The headlines point to a descent back down the slippery slope that resulted in the 1989 Hillsborough and 1985 Heysel stadium tragedies . The latter occurred when fighting fans at the European Cup final caused a crush that killed 39 supporters of Italian club Juventus . English team Liverpool was also involved at Hillsborough , where 96 people died during an FA Cup match -- an independent review this year found that the fatal crush was caused by the way British police penned rival fans into small enclosures as part of its anti-hooliganism strategy . But there is another view to counter this week 's media hysteria -- namely that football is only now facing up to realities deep at the heart of its foundations to which society has turned a blind eye for years . What 's more , this could be a vital turning-point in trying to eradicate behavior that would not be tolerated in everyday life . "  Previously there were behaviors that we have just passed off as ` Ah , that 's football , ' " said Clarke Carlisle , chairman of the English Professional Footballers ' Association . "  Aggressive behavior in crowds , aggressive chanting , throwing things onto the pitch , certain levels of abuse -- people have been all too happy to say ` It 's at a football match , ' " he told CNN . "  Now the tolerance levels for behavior like that are coming right down . That 's why we 're seeing increased numbers of incidents reported , of fans making monkey gestures in isolation , small numbers of people throwing things on the pitch . "  It has been happening for a while but now we are clamping down on these anti-social behaviors . " Arrests at Premier League matches actually dropped by 30 % last season , but conversely the numbers for race-related transgressions have been steadily rising . The world is watching The images of blood dripping from the face of Rio Ferdinand after the former England captain was hit by a coin thrown from the crowd on Sunday , and then of the Manchester United defender being confronted by a pitch-invading City fan -- all broadcast worldwide -- have been a lightning rod for criticism after a year of damaging controversies both in the Premier League and the lower divisions . But Carlisle , a former top-flight player now plying his trade in the fourth tier , believes it has just highlighted something that has been a regular occurrence for years . "  There have been many televised games where guys go to take corners and you see projectiles coming onto the pitch , but it 's only on a rare occasion that they actually hit someone , " said the 33-year-old , who in a television documentary explored the racist abuse his father suffered as a black player in a semi-pro English league . "  There 's been a shift in people 's acceptance of these behaviors , " said Clarke . "  We 're expecting people to behave far more reasonably at football matches , we are expecting the football authorities to take control of the situation with all the technology they have available , and we are expecting repercussions for those behaviors , for people to be accountable whether it 's a player , a referee , club official or a fan . " Moral vacuum ? However , there is a growing perception in Britain that those in power are not doing enough -- despite strongly worded statements by the likes of Bernstein . Herman Ouseley , chairman of the anti-racism group Kick It Out , has criticized the FA and the Premier League in their handling of the John Terry/Luis Suarez cases in the past year , labeling it "  12 months wasted in hypocrisy . " Terry lost the England captaincy before being cleared in court in July of racially abusing an opponent , but was then banned for four matches by the FA almost a year after the original incident . "  There is very little morality in football among the top clubs , " Ouseley told British newspaper the Guardian . "  Leadership is so important ; you have to send a powerful message that racism is completely unacceptable . But there is a moral vacuum . "  The big clubs look after their players as assets . There was no bold attitude from them , to say that they would not put up with it . " CNN asked the FA to respond to these accusations , but was told the ruling body would make no further comment on the Terry/Suarez cases . Clarke agrees that clubs should not just look out for their own short-term interests . "  There has to be individual responsibility and accountability at the football clubs for the behavior of their employees , " he said . "  There 's an element of responsibility that needs to be addressed . The FA 's sanctions for players , for entry-level discrimination , need to be far sterner . " The FA has said it will review its sanctions , but no changes can be implemented until the start of next season . Clarke 's PFA said on Twitter this week that it had agreed to an FA proposal of five-match bans for racial abuse . Growing problem ? The Manchester incidents completely overshadowed Saturday 's events at another EPL game hosted by Swansea , where a man was arrested and charged after Norwich defender Sebastien Bassong complained of being racially abused . Norwich revealed later that police are investigating four cases of racial attacks on the Cameroon international in the past fortnight , three of them on social networking website Twitter . Coming soon after two West Ham fans were arrested for alleged anti-Semitic abuse of Tottenham supporters last month , and several other troubling incidents this season , it does n't paint a healthy picture of English football -- but shows the size of the challenge faced by the authorities . Clarke said the question of suitable punishments requires an all-inclusive approach . "  It 's easy for me to say a fan should get ` X ' punishment , just as it 's easy for a fan to say a player should get ` Y , ' " he said . "  If we have some kind of consultation across the board to establish acceptable parameters or unacceptable behavior then we will be seen to be putting something into place that everyone has had an input in . " Guidelines needed The FA is working with the British government to work out ways of dealing with football 's problems , and Clarke says this will only be effective if there is a clear set of guidelines laid down for all areas of the game . "  The biggest change we need in football is some kind of protocol for issues that have come to pass over the past year , " he said , when asked about club managers such as Kenny Dalglish and Andre Villas-Boas publicly defending their players Luis Suarez and John Terry while racism investigations were ongoing . "  We have n't got any definitive outlines on what should happen when there are incidents of discrimination , especially racial abuse . It 's very much a gray area . The defenses go up at the club , they have their own brand and their own assets to protect . "  This is all before official investigation and procedure is taking place to ascertain whether that is valid support of the player or club . I think the first thing we need to do is to have a protocol where everyone knows exactly what should happen in these incidents , exactly what behaviors are expected of the people involved , of the club employees and of the press , as well . " He said the incident involving referee Mark Clattenburg , who was accused of racially abusing a Chelsea player before being cleared , showed both the improvements football has made and yet how far it still has to go . "  Procedurally it was a real step forward : something was claimed , it was reported , it was investigated and conclusion was drawn . I think that was outstanding , it was done promptly as well , " he said . "  But because the whole issue went into the press and speculative domain instantly , there were questions that were being proffered and answered that people did n't really have the grounds to answer . "  A lot of speculation was drawn and it 's possible and plausible that Mark Clattenburg 's character had been tainted on the back of that . I believe we need a definitive outline on the protocol in such incidents . " Cultural differences It has emerged that the FA is considering cultural lessons for foreign players in order to prevent a repeat of the Suarez-Patrice Evra case last season , where the Liverpool striker was banned eight matches for constantly taunting the Manchester United defender with the term "  negrito " during a match . Liverpool 's lawyers argued that it was an acceptable , and often affectionate , term in Suarez 's native Uruguay -- but the FA ruled that it had much more negative connotations in Britain . "  There is very much a line of thought that we expect people to know what the levels of acceptability and tolerance are over here when it comes to abuse , discrimination etc. . I do n't think we should do that , " Clarke said . "  There should n't be any gray areas . If we 're expecting people to adhere to certain values and a disciplinary schedule then it 's our duty to ensure they know what those values are . It 's an excellent idea to get rid of any ambiguities for players coming from overseas who may not be familiar with our values . " A new era ? Ouseley , the first black person to lead Britain 's Commission for Racial Equality , is planning to stand down from his role on the FA Council , according to the Guardian . The 67-year-old has been frustrated by an apparent lack of progress by the ruling body . He would be "  a big loss " to football 's anti-racism cause , Clarke said . "  But that opens the door for somebody else to fill that space . His experience will definitely be a loss , but it does n't have to be a loss to the initiative -- the ideals and the ethos can still be carried forward . It 's an opportunity for the FA to carry on their diversity principles . "	English football 's ruling bodies face criticism after increase in bad behavior by fans Violence during Sunday 's Manchester derby has sparked fury in British media Players ' union chairman denies claims that the problems are getting worse He says it is more a sign that society is finally not accepting such behaviors
CNN  -- Gerardo Naranjo 's "  Miss Bala " is one of these films that comes along every so often that captures the imaginations of the critics and has most of us dancing around singing "  Hallelujah . " Every time this happens , however , there are one or two critics of otherwise sound mind who have a less than enthusiastic reaction . This time it 's my turn . Not to say that "  Miss Bala " is n't an entertaining , well made and thought provoking film . It is . It also boasts some exceptional acting work from its lead , Stephanie Sigman , as well as a chilling turn from Noe Hernandez , as the menacing gangster who insinuates himself into her life . It 's just that I was n't blown away and while we critics do n't exactly have a hive mind , when you come across a film that is worshiped by many colleagues who you respect that you simply "  like , " you wonder if only for a moment , whether there 's something wrong with you . Laura  Sigman  is a stunningly beautiful young woman in her early 20s living in Tijuana , Mexico , who dreams of winning the Miss Baja title . The day before she is to audition for the pageant , Laura and her friend Suzu  Lakshmi Picazo  , also an aspiring beauty queen , end up in a seedy nightclub populated by dangerous men and the women who love them  which includes Suzu  . A victim of "  wrong place at wrong time " syndrome , Laura ends up being the only living witness to a massacre perpetrated by Lino  Hernandez  the local drug kingpin and his gang , as they storm the nightclub . While searching for Jessica the next morning , Laura makes the mistake of trusting a local traffic officer with her story and things go markedly downhill from there . Lino takes an immediate shine to Laura  who would n't ?  and rather brazenly begins to use her in his criminal endeavors , including running cash across the border for weapons , all in exchange not only for the safety of her father and brother , but also so Lino will fix the beauty pageant . It 's like watching the fastest case of Stockholm Syndrome on record . Laura comes across as a weak and superficial woman and while this is n't a problem in and of itself , it can be frustrating to watch such a character repeatedly make what , to me , were obvious mistakes . Then again , I have never been in her situation . I guess you could say I had a failure in my ability to suspend disbelief . The film is expertly shot , however , and director Naranjo does a great job creating dread , building suspense and pacing the film as things get darker and darker for Laura . Alas , along the way she makes mistake after mistake . "  Miss Bala " is based on the true story of former Miss Sinaloa , Laura Zúñiga , who was arrested in 2008 for being part of an international drug trafficking ring . All in all , there is enough suspense , quality acting and truly harrowing scenes in "  Miss Bala " but I felt like I should like it more than I did . "  Miss Bala " is rated R  Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian  . It 's extremely violent with contact gunbattles and contains an upsetting but non-graphic scene of rape .	"  Miss Bala " is based on the true story of former Miss Sinaloa , Laura Zúñiga Laura  Stephanie Sigman  is a beautiful woman who dreams of winning the Miss Baja title The film is expertly shot and director Naranjo does a great job creating dread
The burgeoning field of 3-D printing got a big boost Tuesday night when President Obama highlighted it as something that could fuel new high-tech jobs in the United States . The shout-out in Obama 's State of the Union address was perhaps the biggest public endorsement so far of a technology that has its roots in the 1970s , but has recently begun to boom on two fronts -- as an increasingly accessible consumer product and an industrial one that advocates say could change the face of manufacturing . Obama spoke about the National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute , a public-private partnership established in the hard-hit manufacturing city of Youngstown , Ohio , last year to research how cutting-edge 3-D printing technology can be moved from the research phase to day-to-day use . "  A once-shuttered warehouse is now a state-of-the art lab where new workers are mastering the 3-D printing that has the potential to revolutionize the way we make almost everything , " Obama said . The process of 3-D printing  also known by the clunkier "  additive manufacturing " moniker  uses computer-created digital models to create real-world objects -- everything from simple chess pieces to more complex objects such as functioning clocks . The printers follow the shape of the model by stacking layer upon layer of material to make the objects . Obama announced plans for three more manufacturing hubs where businesses will partner with the departments of Defense and Energy "  to turn regions left behind by globalization into global centers of high-tech jobs . " "  And I ask this Congress to help create a network of 15 of these hubs and guarantee that the next revolution in manufacturing is made in America , " Obama said . Edward A. Morris , the director of NAMII , said the organization was "  tremendously honored " to be mentioned by the president in such a high-profile speech . "  It is rewarding to know that NAMII 's efforts to promote innovation and entrepreneurialism within the additive manufacturing sector is highly recognized and supported , " he said in a statement on the partnership 's website . While primarily a novelty among the tech-obsessed , 3-D printing been used successfully for a variety of tasks , from making jewelry or medical supplies to larger projects in industrial design and engineering . A Dutch architect has even announced plans to print an entire innovative building , piece by piece . That 's an outlier to be sure , but one that could signal things to come . Three-dimensional printing has entered the public consciousness enough for Congress to be considering legislation banning people from making guns using the technology . A weapon made with a 3-D printer could theoretically be formed from plastic , making it undetectable by traditional security measures . No one is known to have created an entire working firearm with a 3-D printer , although usable parts of one reportedly have been printed . MakerBot , the most prominent maker of 3-D printers that the public can buy , has cracked down on printed guns by enforcing terms on its website that prevent users from sharing blueprints for firearms . It 's also MakerBot that 's been at the forefront of of the move to put 3-D printers in the hands of the general public . One of the biggest obstacles has been cost . But the company 's Replicator 2 desktop printer is now selling at a relatively accessible $ 2,200 , roughly the equivalent of a basic Apple iMac computer . MakerBot was listed this week as one of tech blog Fast Company 's top 10 most innovative consumer tech companies with the likes of Apple , Samsung and Google . CEO Bre Pettis said Wednesday that the company 's goals are in line with those voiced Tuesday by Obama . "  We created MakerBot to help innovators iterate faster , more affordably and  to help them  invent more , " Pettis said . "  We 're proud to be recognized by the president in his State of the Union address and we 're going to do our part to get it done . " While some consumers may have new visions of 3-D printers in their garages , Obama was speaking mostly of the technology 's industrial potential . He pitched it as a way to prod what he called an encouraging recent trend : the return of tech-industry and other manufacturing jobs to the U.S. Apple has announced it will begin manufacturing some of its iMacs in the United States this year , a fact Obama noted in his speech . Lenovo , the world 's second-largest PC maker , is starting a production line in North Carolina , and Intel is spending a whopping $ 5 billion to build an Arizona plant to make its processors . Analysts have said that as regulations and wages increase in places like China , and as U.S. workers gain expertise in tech manufacturing , it will increasingly make more sense for U.S. companies to keep their plants closer to home .	Obama 's State of the Union address puts focus on emerging 3-D printer field President calls for 15 innovation centers like one promoting the printers in Ohio Consumers can buy 3-D printers for the price of a high-end desktop They 're being used to make everything from jewelry to buildings
CNN  -- Everyone knows that it 's a time of dramatic change in Asia 's airline industry . What many often fail to appreciate , however , is how much of that drama is being driven by an exponential rise of low-cost carriers  LCC  in the region . Consider a small sampling of the recent upheaval in Asia 's skies . Following the dissolution of an ANA-AirAsia joint venture , AirAsia Japan is being rebranded  hilariously , to some  as Vanilla Air ; Singapore 's Tiger Airways has the new name of Tigerair ; and Jetstar Hong Kong is expected to launch within the year ; Meanwhile , South Korea 's Jeju Air has been busy recording a whopping 960 % increase in profits compared with last year . Beating out all foreign legacy and low-cost carriers , its become the third largest carrier at Seoul 's Incheon Airport after Korean Air and Asiana Airlines . While Southeast Asia has a remarkably high LCC presence of almost 50 % -- meaning more than half of total seats are sold by low-cost carriers -- North Asia still has an extremely low LCC penetration and thus represents the biggest opportunity for the industry . North Asian travelers who have grown partial to the over-the-top service and quality of legacy carriers in the region are still finding the concept of low-cost carriers foreign , or simply irrelevant . "  They do n't pop up in my searches when I look on travel sites , and it just does n't occur to me to fly them because I have my existing frequent flyer programs that I feel bound to , " says frequent business traveler Sunmi Park , 38 , of South Korea . For the unacquainted , such as Park , here 's a quick guide to the fleets with the often quirky names and bright liveries . 1 . LCC fleets are young and frequently built around a single model "  People tend to think that low-cost carriers have these old planes , but that is a complete myth , " said Edward Lau , CEO of Jetstar Hong Kong , in a low-cost carrier workshop earlier this month . "  The opposite is actually true . " In order to keep the cost of buying planes as low as possible , low-cost carriers place bulk orders of the newest planes . For the same reason , each LCC usually has just one type of plane in its fleet -- bulk orders of the same plane get better pricing . When Jetstar 's new Hong Kong airline debuts later this year  pending government approval  it will be launching with 18 new Airbus 320-200 aircraft . Apart from its new Hong Kong fleet , Jetstar 's planes across all affiliates have an average age of four to five years . Similarly , AirAsia , the Kuala Lumpur based low-cost carrier that flies to more than 80 destinations in Asia , has a fleet of 141 Airbus A320 aircraft , with an average age of three years per plane . 2 . Competitiveness hinges on "  fast turns " and "  double daily " service In aviation lingo , a "  turn " means the time it takes for a plane to take off on its next flight after landing . For LCCs , fast turns of about 25-40 minutes are imperative to keep costs down and to maintain high levels of aircraft utilization -- the time a plane is in the air each day . Full service carriers take about an hour and a half on turns . Even in an aviation market known for delays -- China is notorious -- LCCs keep costs down by factoring delays into their schedules . To keep LCCs viable for consumers , airlines need to have at least some "  double daily " flights -- flights to the same destination at least twice a day . This means that if passengers miss their flight , they can take a flight to the same destination later the same day . "  The target of ` double daily ' is to build scale and support integrity , " says Alistair Hartley , Jetstar 's executive director of planning and airline partnerships . 3 . LCCs ' entry into a market can stimulate the overall market Studies have shown that LCC penetration can result in overall travel market growth in a given region . The launch of a low-cost carrier may eat into a dominant full-service carrier 's market share , but the number of passengers in a market has been shown to increase overall , not only for the low-cost carrier , but for full-service carriers . The latter tend to lower prices in response to what LCCs are offering , scrambling to adapt business models to a new landscape . 4 . LCCs have meant the most to Japan Japan is the most interesting example of a stagnant market stimulated by the launch of low-cost carriers . Despite being one of the largest domestic aviation markets in the world , Japan has showed little or no growth in passenger numbers since the turn of the century . "  Japan has the unenviable distinction of being the only major market in the world to have about the same traffic today as 15 years ago , " said a Centre for Aviation  CAPA  report published in August . However , with the launch of three low-cost carriers in 2012 -- Peach , Jetstar Japan and AirAsia Japan -- the "  abysmal " domestic aviation market grew for the first time in six years . With the introduction of low fares , Japanese who could n't afford to fly began traveling , with remarkable results . Domestic passenger numbers increased by 8.7 % in 2012 , the largest percentage growth in 20 years . Collectively , the three low-cost carriers added 2.6 million passengers to the domestic market and Jetstar Japan is now the largest domestic carrier from Tokyo Narita Airport . "  The contribution is not just in greater volumes of passengers whose traveling has a trickle-down effect across the economy , it is also in giving Japan 's legacy carriers an incentive to become more efficient , " said the CAPA report . 5 . North Asia represents the greatest opportunity The figures speak for themselves . Air traffic in Asia will increase dramatically in the next few decades . While U.S. airport passenger traffic was 1.467 billion arrivals  the largest in the world  and Asia 's was 1.402 billion in 2009 , Asia is expected to become the largest aviation market in the next few years . Hello Kitty : World 's cutest planes head to the U.S. By 2030 , Asia 's passenger traffic is expected to exceed 4.88 billion , in contrast to 2.367 billion projected for the U.S. , according to IATA 's Airport Development Supplement published in 2012 . Southeast Asia already has a high LCC penetration rate -- the LCC capacity share of total seats is approximately 56-57 % -- but the percentage for North Asia is stunningly low at 9 % . "  That 's a 91 % potential upside for us , " says Jetstar 's Alistair Hartley . No wonder LCCs are excited . And growing .	Low-cost carriers  LCC  are a major part of Asia 's booming airline industry South Korea 's Jeju Air has recorded a 960 % increase in profits over last year LCCs have propelled Japan 's once-stagnant domestic travel market
CNN  -- Personal trainer Cornell McClellan was working out with President Obama one morning when he had a revelation . "  Being a personal trainer is just like being the president , " McClellan told Obama , whom he has trained for 11 years . That certainly got the president 's attention . "  We 're faced with similar things , " McClellan said . "  We have people that come to us , and they 've created conditions or situations that maybe we 've had nothing to do with , and immediately they want us to change it . Even if they do n't do what they 're supposed to , they 're upset with us when it 's not changed . So I thought our jobs were pretty similar . " McClellan spoke at last month 's American Council on Exercise conference in San Diego , where he thanked fellow personal trainers who donated their time to help military families get fit . McClellan splits his time between Chicago and Washington , where he helps the Obamas and key members of the administration stay in shape . The imposing former martial arts guru is one man in the world who can tell the president what to do -- at least when it comes to exercise . "  If we 're short on time , we try to mix things up , " he said . "  We 'll try to make sure there 's some high-intensity stuff . We might do some weights , throw some cardio in there and throw some plyometrics in there with abs . We go from one thing he needs to another , because his time is short . " The president is in tiptop shape age 50 . Obama passed a physical exam in October with a healthy body mass index and normal blood pressure and cholesterol levels . The doctor wrote that Obama was in "  excellent health and ` fit for duty . ' " "  I was very pleased , " McClellan said . "  We joked about it . " And McClellan is no doubt pleased with Michelle Obama 's much-coveted arms , which are so admired that they have spawned exercise DVDs with titles like "  Arms of a First Lady " and "  Totally Toned Arms : Get Michelle Obama Arms in 21 Days . " Although it 's easy to say that the presidential couple can get in shape easily because of their resources such as personal trainers and professional chefs , it 's not just about that . McClellan said busy people can realistically integrate fitness into their lives because it 's a mental thing . "  He is the busiest man in the world , " McClellan said of the president . "  I do n't have to prod him . " The excuses -- too busy , too little time -- just do n't fly with McClellan . Long before the White House , the Obamas made their health a priority . Michelle Obama came to his Chicago gym 14 years ago , and her husband joined about three years later . Before she became first lady , she would go to McClellan 's gym as early as 4:45 a.m. It 's about a mindset , McClellan said . "  People have to first understand the benefits , " said McClellan , who serves on the President 's Council on Fitness , Sports and Nutrition . By exercising and reaping its benefits on health and stress relief , he said , "  it is how we can maintain these busy lives , and how we can sustain them . "	Cornell McClellan has trained the Obamas for over 10 years The biggest barrier to exercise is mental , he said Obama works on high-intensity exercise , weights , cardio , plyometrics
Atlanta  CNN  -- A suburban Atlanta high school football player has died from injuries suffered while making a tackle during a scrimmage game , according to medical examiners . Deantre Turman 's death came Friday after he made a tackle during a pre-season game , said Mike Alsip , a forensic investigator for the Fulton County Medical Examiner 's Office . The teenager broke his neck , Alsip said . The accident happened at a school in the Atlanta suburb of College Park , Georgia , according to CNN affiliate WSB . His coach , Glenn Ford , told the station that Turman -- a cornerback known to friends as "  Tre Tre " -- went immediately limp and unresponsive after the play . Coaches and others tried without success to revive him during what Ford said was a 15-minute wait for an ambulance . The young athlete was pronounced dead at a hospital about an hour and 15 minutes after the accident , according to Alsip . Turman , 16 , was popular and well-regarded , Ford said . "  People knew Tre Tre . They knew and loved him , " Ford said , according to the station . Tarsha Keller , the woman who raised Turman since his mother died when he was just 4 years old , told WSB that the teen died doing what he loved . "  Being the competitor and playing different sports made him happy , " Keller told WSB . Deaths from high school football are exceedingly rare . Over the last 10 years , an average of fewer than three boys a year have died from on-field injuries playing high school football , according to the National Center for Catastrophic Sport Injury Research at the University of North Carolina . No players died in 2012 , the first time that had happened since 1994 , according to the center . CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Atlanta-area football player dies after a tackle during a scrimmage game Deantre Turman went limp and unresponsive after the play , CNN affilate WSB reports The 16-year-old loved being a competitor , his guardian tells the station Such deaths are rare -- fewer than three occur on average each year , a report says
CNN  -- In his first weeks as leader of the world 's most populous nation , China 's new President Xi Jinping has made frequent reference to an emergent "  Chinese Dream , " emphasizing prosperity , happiness , and a revitalized national ethos . No doubt economic growth and infrastructure have been common themes in China 's national rhetoric . But as national pride rises in lockstep with economic growth , the added emphasis on a culturally based "  unity of purpose " raises a new question : As China overcomes centuries of foreign intrusion and humiliation to emerge as a superpower , what will be the role of non-Chinese ? China has become not only a global center of economic gravity , but also a demographic magnet . Historically , great empires have been ethnically diverse and racially inclusive , absorbing talent from all corners to drive collective success . In short , they have been melting pots . Xi Jinping : China 's new boss a man with a dream China 's history has hardly been linear or peaceful when it comes to its inter-ethnic relations and openness to the outside world . Two thousand years ago , Buddhism came to China via the Silk Road , absorbing Central Asian monks and missionaries . The 13th century Silk Road traveler Marco Polo spent 17 years serving in the Yuan Dynasty court of Kublai Khan . But China has also sought to be left alone . The Great Wall was built and rebuilt many times since the Qin dynasty  221 BC  to fend off Mongol invasions . Were it not for the 19th century Opium Wars and perception of British and other Europeans ' mercantile exploitation of the country for silver , it would have been even more difficult to unite its disparate regional power centers against "  foreign devils . " China continued to suffer foreign occupation , notably by the Japanese during World War II , but after its own civil war rapidly undertook a process of territorial consolidation . Its western expansion led to the pacification of diverse ethnicities , creating today 's mÃ © lange of the dominant Han , but also Zhuang , Hui , Manchu , Uighur , Tibetan , Miao , Mongol , and other ethnic groups . Read more : China 's workforce at a crossroads Much of the country remained closed off , however , while Hong Kong and Macao remained foreign run . It was Deng Xiaoping who set the country on its present seemingly irreversible course of globalization . In the 1970s and 1980s , thousands of foreign investors and managers came to run factories taking advantage of China 's enormous labor pool . The outsourcing of manufacturing to China brought capital , technology , and knowledge that the country needed . Now that China has become one of the most trade-dependent nations , openness is no longer an option . It is easier than ever to visit and reside in China , but do foreigners see themselves staying in China for a long time ? And how "  Chinese " can they become ? America is used to being the land of opportunity for immigrants , but it is has also become a source of economic migrants , particularly since the financial crisis . Over 6 million Americans now reside abroad , the highest number ever recorded , and the proportion of Americans aged 18 to 24 who plan to move abroad has risen from 12 to 40 % since 2007 . Ever more young Americans are turning up in China , living cheap , learning Chinese , hustling for jobs , and diligently traveling Asia . At a lecture last year at Beijing 's prestigious Tsinghua University , I heard from dozens of Westerners who turned down spots in MA programs in the U.S. and Europe in order to get a dual-language MA in China -- with guaranteed summer internships and great networking opportunities with multinationals and Chinese businesses . Across the board , young Westerners I have met in China came here on one-way tickets . Read more : Chinese companies ` rent ' white foreigners From executives in Hong Kong , Shanghai and Chongqing to diplomats and intellectuals in Beijing , China has become a country that scholars , journalists , and entrepreneurs are settling in for the long haul . Daniel Bell , a Canadian political philosopher and long-time China resident who lectures intellectual and Party elites in fluent Mandarin , points out that while China has become home to a global talent pool , with thousands of foreigners arriving each year with a great desire to learn about Chinese culture , "  there is no expectation that they will become ` real ' Chinese . " No matter how well foreigners learn Chinese , they can not dissolve their original cultural traits the way many immigrants in America do within just a single generation . Perhaps that is part of the appeal : if one can never be truly "  Chinese , " then being in China is always exotic . No doubt , there are high-profile cases of Chinese fleeing their own country , from the blind dissident Chen Guangcheng to ultra-high net worth individuals parking cash abroad . Some expatriates who had devoted their own careers to China have also packed up and left , citing air pollution , lack of free press , and intimidation after speaking their minds . Companies fed up with the theft of their intellectual property now do not locate their most sensitive research and development operations in China . But still , the number of foreigners in China has crossed one million and continues to rise . Their presence has sparked debates about inclusion and xenophobia , welfare and generosity , democracy and free speech . Much like long-term residents of Dubai and Singapore , Chinese too blame migrants  both internal and foreign  for crowded streets and rising crime , but also realize that migrants are the ones who often collect the trash and do the laundry . They also help Chinese businesses reach the rest of the world more efficiently . Each year , more than 200,000 Middle Easterners travel to Yiwu , 200 miles west of Shanghai , to purchase wholesale goods for sale across the Arab world . Everything "  made in China " is conveniently available in the city 's giant International Trade Center expo halls . The city is now a major hub on the new Silk Road as China has risen to become the Middle East 's largest trade partner . Higher up the value chain , Chinese in cosmopolitan Beijing and Shanghai also appreciate the role foreigners have played in the country 's rise . As one Beijing native working for an American university put it , "  We admire foreigners because they represent advanced technology and management expertise ; we can learn from them . " China has made the recruitment of the global "  best and brightest " an official policy , and not just the "  sea turtles "  hai gui  of whom more than 500,000 have returned after studying abroad , and now account for half of Chinese companies ' launching on the U.S. stock exchange . Reversing brain drain is not enough . Recently the government has launched its own "  green card " program  casually dubbed the "  red card "  , granting permanent residency to growing numbers of foreigners . As a next generation of leaders with international educations rise in business and government , they are recruiting their talented classmates to come to China , pointing to a continuity of openness to foreign expertise . Much as China welcomed Jesuits in the 16th and 17th centuries that transferred scientific knowledge to the Ming and Qing dynasties , businessmen , scholars , scientists , and non-governmental organizations are welcome today if they help to improve productivity , innovation , supply chain standards , or bring affordable technology to reduce greenhouse gas emissions . For foreigners using China as a base , residency access is becoming like the Chinese RMB currency : flexible and convertible . But as with the currency , such liberalization takes time and careful management . To thrive , one must not only learn Mandarin but adopt some Chinese views , such as prizing social stability over rapid political reform . Chinese also do n't want foreigners to get too native . According to one Chinese entrepreneur , "  just because you might learn Mandarin fluently , we do n't like seeing Westerners haggling abrasively in restaurants and bazaars . These are Chinese habits , often crude ones , but when foreigners do them it comes across as exploitation , which we resent . " The foreign population of China wo n't rise over 1 % for many years , a mere drop in the ocean of 1.4 billion people . And like Japan , China is a country where foreigners will never be considered locals even if they adopt local customs . Rather than a melting pot then , China is more of a salad bowl in which foreigners are a mere sprinkling of pepper . Still , foreigners are considered an essential part of achieving the "  Chinese Dream . "	Khanna : Everywhere you look in urban China , you see foreigners : traders , merchants , students China has become a global center of economic gravity and a demographic magnet Foreigners are considered an essential part of achieving the ` Chinese Dream '
CNN  -- There is nothing terribly surprising in Apple 's refreshed line of tablets , but that 's OK . We spent some time testing and touching the new iPad Mini and iPad Air after Tuesday 's press conference . As promised by Apple executives , the new devices were lighter , thinner and seemingly faster -- just like many incremental product upgrades from the past . iPad Air There were no major new features , such as the fingerprint scanner or camera upgrade that came with the iPhone 5S . The most unexpected news of the day was a new name for the $ 499 fifth-generation iPad , which is now the iPad Air . The iPad line has been a bit wishy-washy with names . It began by counting each version , but then dropped the number and asked only to be know as "  iPad , " like Cher . The iPad 2 kept its number and a spot in stores , where its slightly lower price tag  now $ 399  might appeal to someone considering a cheaper Android or Windows tablet . Physically , the iPad Air is indeed lighter and thinner than its predecessor . It 's 20 % thinner than the third generation iPad , measuring in at a slight .29 - inch . An ad shown at the press conference showed an iPad Air lying flat on a tablet , hiding discretely behind a No. 2 pencil . It has also dropped a bit of weight and the Wi-Fi version is now exactly 1 pound  the cellular version is 1.05 pounds  . Unfortunately , I did n't have an older iPad on hand to do a weight comparison , and I 'd picked up an iPad Mini first . Nothing makes a regular iPad feel hefty like holding an iPad Mini . You ca n't unfeel a Mini ; it 's just so delightfully wee . The iPad Air has a 64-bit A7 processor , the same chip recently introduced in the iPhone 5S . The A7 should benefit graphics heavy programs such as iMovie and iPhoto , and Phil Schiller claimed it would double the performance of the previous chip . It is difficult to judge speed increases during a few minutes in a crowded room without proper tests and an equally empty previous generation device to use for comparison . Fresh Apple products always feel zippier than previous generations . Part of that is the steadily improving processors inside , but its also the benefit of working on a new device that has n't been gradually slowed down by pages of apps , hundreds of cat videos and the latest operating system upgrade . iPad Mini with Retina Display The iPad Mini got its first upgrade since it was first launched one year ago . Physically , the device is a dead ringer for the original . Fire it up , and you 'll see that it addresses one of the biggest complaints about the first version by upgrading the screen to a 2048-by-1536 display that packs in 326 pixels per inch , a big jump from the previous 163 pixels per inch . A number of Apple products already have the Retina Display : the iPhone 4S and up , the fourth generation iPod Touch , the 10-inch iPad and some MacBook Pros .  Apple says Retina Display is so good that the human eye ca n't spot out individual pixels on the device  . Like the iPad Air , the iPad Mini with Retina has the A7 chip inside . Previously the Mini was a generation behind its larger iPad sibling in processor speed . But this upgrade and the new display put the devices on the same level , so picking a smaller screen no longer means opting for the inferior product . The smaller tablet size is a competitive market , and the iPad Mini with Retina Display is finally Apple 's premium offering for the 7.9-inch size . The $ 399 tablet is now in a better position to take on products such as Google 's Nexus 7 , Samsung 's Galaxy tablets and Amazon 's Kindle HDX . Though other products can usually be had for much less , any hands-on time with Apple products remind you that one of their greatest selling points is solid , high-quality construction . The missing upgrade Shaving off excess bulk and swapping out faster processors is de rigueur for any product update these days . Other companies might throw in price drops , but Apple is comfortable in its spot at the high-end of the consumer market . It wo n't start slashing devices for its flagship devices . Instead , the company keeps older models available , though even those are priced somewhat high . Unfortunately , there is one key feature where all the tablet makers seem to have stalled : battery life . Faster processors gobble up more battery power , so maintaining 10 hours of battery life from an old tablet to a new tablet probably requires battery improvements . Both new iPads have the same M7 motion co-processor that handles sensors , such as the accelerometer and gyroscope , saving battery power by not using the main processor . Other than an hour here or there , mobile devices makers seem stuck at the half-day mark , a frustrating limitation for people who have adapted by carting around chargers and scrambling to re-up anytime they spot an empty outlet at a cafe , airport or friend 's house . For now , Apple is comfortable enough with the competition to just iterate on its well-designed , popular products , making the usual round of improvements and throwing in the occasional flashy feature to grab attention , such as fingerprints on the iPhone 5S . It may not be as much fun for tech fans who were used to splashy new products and well-kept secrets , but it 's probably a solid business decision . According to Forrester analyst Sarah Rotman Epps , replacement tablet sales are growing faster than new new tablet sales worldwide . Manufacturers need to compete to keep the customers they already have who are considering upgrading from an old model . All the tablet makers are competing with what are essentially the same minor tweaks . The competition will stay close until the first company breaks out of the usual faster , thinner , faster upgrade cycle and solves the battery problem .	The new iPads from Apple do n't hold a lot of surprises , but the regular improvements are solid The renamed iPad Air is thinner , faster and lighter than the previous generation With a new processor and better screen , iPad Mini catches up to the full-size iPad
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Ryanair on Monday rejected strong criticism from Britain 's top business regulator , who accused Europe 's largest airline of "  puerile " tactics in the way it adds credit card fees on to advertised fares . John Fingleton , head of the UK 's Office of Fair Trading watchdog , said the no-frills carrier was playing a "  funny game " by imposing fees for anyone not using an obscure credit card . Fingleton , speaking to the UK 's Independent newspaper , expressed dismay that the airline was able to advertise credit card fees as "  optional " through its acceptance of a pre-paid MasterCard . "  Ryanair has this funny game where they have found some low frequency payment mechanism and say : ` Well , because you can pay with that -LSB- the charge is optional -RSB- ' , " he said . "  It 's almost like taunting consumers and pointing out : ` Oh well , we know this is completely outside the spirit of the law , but we think it 's within the narrow letter of the law ' . " Ryanair , which outlines its credit chard charges on its Web site , rejected Fingleton 's comments , accusing the business regulator of trying to detract from its failure to tackle other issues facing the country 's aviation industry . "  Ryanair fails to understand why it was singled out for these inaccurate criticisms by Mr. Fingleton , when its charges policies are copied by high fare UK airlines , " it said in a statement .	UK business regulator says Ryanair playing a "  funny game " over booking fees Office of Fair Trading head John Fingleton says airline is "  almost taunting " customers Ryanair says it is being unfairly singled out for "  inaccurate " criticism
CNN  -- Jupiter is sporting a new scar after an unseen object hit the gaseous planet this week , NASA scientists say . This NASA image shows a large impact near Jupiter 's southern pole . An amateur astronomer in Australia noticed the new mark -- seen through telescopes as a dark spot -- on the planet early Monday and tipped off scientists at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory  JPL  in Pasadena , California , who then confirmed it was the result of a new impact , NASA said . It 's not clear what the object was that crashed into Jupiter 's poisonous atmosphere . Glenn Orton , a JPL scientist , told the magazine New Scientist that it could have been a block of ice from somewhere in Jupiter 's neighborhood , or a wandering comet that was too faint for astronomers to have detected before impact . The object created a mark on Jupiter that has the about same diameter as Earth , though the object itself was probably only 50 to 100 miles across , said Anthony Wesley , the amateur astronomer who first noticed the scar . The mystery object was likely moving at speeds of about 50 to 100 kilometers  31 to 62 miles  per second when it struck near Jupiter 's south pole , Wesley told CNN . "  That generates an unbelievable amount of energy when it collides with pretty much anything , but especially with something the size of Jupiter , " he said . It is only the second time scientists have been able to observe the results of such an impact on Jupiter . The first happened 15 years ago , when comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 broke into 21 pieces and hit the planet 's atmosphere . "  Given the rarity of these events , it 's extremely exciting to be involved in these observations , " JPL astronomer Leigh Fletcher said in a NASA interview . Thermal images taken by NASA show the scar as a bright spot , which means the crash warmed the lower atmosphere in that area , New Scientist said . Researchers also found hints of higher-than-normal amounts of ammonia in the upper atmosphere . The Shoemaker-Levy comet also churned up extra ammonia , the magazine said . Jupiter 's new spot is n't likely to last long -- probably just one to two weeks , Wesley said . He pointed out the impact scars from the Shoemaker-Levy debris lasted only two to three weeks before disappearing . Seeing an Earth-sized spot appear so tiny on Jupiter 's surface led to some to wonder Tuesday whether our planet might be in danger of a similar collision . But Wesley said that should n't be a concern because Jupiter functions almost like a celestial vacuum cleaner , sucking up any objects that would be of danger to Earth and its neighbors . "  Jupiter is doing a very good job in scooping up a lot of this material that 's still floating around in the solar system , " he said . "  It 's just got so much gravity as it swings around the outer part of the solar system , it can really pull in and swallow up many of the cometary objects and debris left over from the formation of the solar system . "  So it 's doing a good job in keeping us safe by cleaning out a lot of these bits and pieces . " Jupiter is the fifth planet from the sun and the largest in our solar system . Its colorful atmosphere is 86 percent hydrogen and 14 percent helium , with tiny amounts of methane , ammonia , phosphine , water , acetylene , ethane , germanium , and carbon monoxide . The chemicals are responsible for producing the different colors of Jupiter 's clouds . The temperature at the top of those clouds is about 230 degrees below zero Fahrenheit  145 degrees below zero Celsius  , but it is far hotter near the planet 's center . The core temperature may be about 43,000 degrees Fahrenheit  24,000 degrees Celsius  , hotter than the surface of the sun . The most outstanding feature on Jupiter 's surface is the Great Red Spot , a storm of gas that swirls at a speed of about 225 miles  360 kilometers  per hour at its edge . The spot -- which has been shrinking -- has a diameter equal to about three times that of Earth .	Amateur astronomer spots new mark on solar system 's largest planet NASA confirms discovery is result of object crashing into Jupiter 's atmosphere Scientists say object could be a block of ice or a wandering comet Object has left scar the size of Earth in Jupiter 's southern polar region
CNN  -- In India he 's an icon and to the rest of the cricketing world he 's simply known as one of the greatest ever batsmen . One the game 's greats , Sachin Tendulkar is more than just a player in India , he 's an icon . Sachin Tendulkar picked up a bat at the age of 4 in Mumbai and from that day on fell in love with the game . "  The only thing that was on my mind was , ' I want to play for India one day , ' and I was pretty sure and confident that one day I will , " he told CNN in Mumbai . In fact he made his Test debut for India at the age of 16 facing Pakistan 's fearsome bowling attack , just two years after making his first-class debut for Mumbai . Despite a baptism of fire in that first international match and getting hit on the mouth by a ball from Waquar Younis , he took his own game forward and has become known for the positivity of his play and the compact efficiency and brilliance of his shot-making . Making his first Test hundred at the age of 17 against England he has racked up the records in a 19-year career . In 2000 he became the first batsman to score 50 international hundreds , and is the highest scorer in One Day internationals . He joined an elite group in 2007 when he became only the third player to pass 11,000 runs in Test cricket . Nicknames in cricket are common , but only if you 're a really exceptional player do you get one that 's complementary . Tendulkar has joined that elite as the "  Little Master " which sits nicely next to other great batsmen , Viv "  Master Blaster " Richards and Brian "  The Prince " Lara . But perhaps no higher praise came from Australian cricketing legend Donald Bradman who once said that Tendulkar was the only player that reminded him of himself . Like all sportsmen he 's suffered from injury , and now 35-years-old , many are wondering if his best days are behind him . Playing for India against England and Australia last summer and at the beginning of 2008 , many commentators thought that his normal aggression and daring were missing from his game . His form was also heavily criticized after the 2007 World Cup , and injury forced him out of the international series against South Africa . But for the man used to batting away tricky deliveries , this criticism gets a typical positive response : "  I 'm not one to dwell on the past . I like to move forward and these challenges , these hurdles in between , they bring the best out of me . They motivate me even more . " He 's currently facing the challenges of the rapid-fire version of the game in the Indian Premier League  IPL  , masterminded by Lalit Modi , that despite it 's glitz and hype has been criticized for losing some of the finer points of the sport . "  It 's so full of excitement . I personally do n't feel that it 's dumbing-down the game . It 's just another version of cricket . If the game is going to be globalized in the form of IPL , then why not ? It 's better for cricket , " he told CNN .	India 's best known cricketer is one of the games best-ever batsmen Started his international career when just 16-years-old Leading run-scorer in One Day Internationals and holder of many other records
CNN  -- From a 16-year-old girl who took over the United Nations to the winner of this year 's Nobel Prize for Literature -- several remarkable women have captured the world 's attention in 2013 . To honor their achievements , CNN takes a look at some of the most notable women of the year .	Women have excelled in 2013 showcasing how far gender equality has come CNN takes a look back at some of the remarkable achievements of women this year Who do you think deserves to be in this list ? Let us know in the comments below
Baghdad  CNN  -- Former President George H.W. Bush is getting his old foreign policy team back together on the 20th anniversary of the Gulf War . The reunion is being held on the Texas A&M University campus in College Station , where the Bush presidential library is located . A roundtable discussion by the Bush team is expected to include the 41st president , former vice presidents Dan Quayle and Dick Cheney , who was secretary of the defense at the time , and former secretaries of state James Baker and Colin Powell , who was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Iraq invaded on August 1990 , declaring Kuwait its 19th province . The United States led a counter-offensive starting January 16 , 1991 . The United Nations lifted Saddam-era sanctions against Iraq in December , a largely symbolic step toward Iraq regaining full sovereignty and its status in the international community . More than 1,000 people -- or their remains -- are still missing , including Iraqis , Kuwaitis and others . Iraq is also continuing to pay off its war reparations to its neighbor . Baghdad says it has paid about $ 30 billion to date and still has to pay more than $ 20 billion more . The money is deducted from Iraq 's main income , oil revenues .	George H.W. Bush gathers war cabinet at Texas A&M Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990 , and the U.S. led a counteroffensive in January 1991 Baghdad continues to pay reparations to its neighbor About 1,000 people who disappeared have never been found
Mashable  -- Despite previous statements that he had no plans to see "  The Social Network , " Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg did , in fact , watch the film on the company 's field trip to the movies last Friday . I just wrapped up an interview with Facebook 's iconic founder and Groups Product Manager Justin Schaffer at the company 's headquarters in Palo Alto , California . We discussed the new Groups feature and data portability , but I did also manage to sneak in a question or two about the film , specifically about Zuckerberg 's take on it . While Zuckerberg skirted questions about his opinion of Jesse Eisenberg 's portrayal of his early years , the 26-year-old CEO did say he 's interested to see what effect "  The Social Network " has on entrepreneurship . He told me that he gets "  lots of messages " from people who claim that they have been very much inspired by what he 's done ; some say he 's inspired them to go into computer science , others to start their own company . I could n't get him to rate the film for me , but I did get him to talk about what effect he thought it would have on the company he 's built . He 's been asked a lot of questions about what exactly happened during Facebook 's early years , he said in our interview . However , he added , "  We build products that 500 million people see ... If 5 million people see a movie , it does n't really matter that much . " In other words , the movie is a drop in the bucket compared to Facebook 's bigger ambitions to make the entire world more social . It seems like he 's stopped worrying about the potential impact of the movie on Facebook 's image and is focused on building and launching new products . We 've said all along that Zuckerberg should like the Facebook movie . I do n't think you 'll see him promoting it for an Oscar anytime soon , but it does n't seem like he fears it anymore , either . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg watched "  The Social Network " on a company field trip "  If 5 million people see a movie , it does n't really matter that much , " Zuckerberg said Zuckerberg wonders what effect "  The Social Network " will have on entrepreneurship
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A group of Catholic activists gathered in front of a Manhattan cathedral Tuesday for the latest protest over a Vatican reprimand of America 's largest organization of Catholic nuns . About two dozen parishioners and former clergy gathered in front of St. Patrick 's Cathedral , protesting last month 's controversial report from the Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith , the church 's doctrinal watchdog . Following a years-long "  doctrinal assessment " investigation of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious -- which represents 80 % of the Catholic nuns in United States -- the report found "  serious doctrinal problems " and called for major reforms . It accused the LCWR of sponsoring "  certain radical feminist themes incompatible with the Catholic faith in some of the programs and presentations . " "  The sisters are wonderful people who work very hard , and yes , they do care about the poor , and they do care about social concerns , and the congregation of the dogma of the faith has come down on them really hard , " said Eileen Sammon , one of the protesters gathered outside St. Patrick 's . "  It is unfair , unjust , unconscionable , and I 'm here to support them . " Sheila Peiffer , with The Nun Justice Project , a Catholic activist organization , organized a petition to rally support for sisters nationwide . "  I would like to see the Vatican rescind the mandate , but i think that would be doubtful judging from past actions , " she said , "  but we always believe in the power of the Holy Spirit and peace . Peace and reconciliation is everyone 's goal . " Last week , crowds gathered in Cincinnati in a similar protest . While praising the group 's work on social justice issues , the Holy See blamed it for remaining "  silent on the right to life from conception to natural death , a question that is part of the lively public debate about abortion and euthanasia in the United States . " "  Further , issues of crucial importance to the life of Church and society , such as the Church 's Biblical view of family life and human sexuality , are not part of the LCWR agenda in a way that promotes Church teaching , " the report said . It also noted public statements from nuns that opposed Catholic bishops . The LCWR disagreed with the bishops ' conference 's position on the Affordable Care Act , which they supported and the bishops did not . The church called the LCWR 's position "  grave and a matter of serious concern . " CNN 's Chris Boyette , Eric Marrapodi and Patrick Feeney contributed to this report .	Catholic activists gathered in front of a Manhattan cathedral Tuesday They were protesting a Vatican reprimand of America 's largest organization of Catholic nuns The church accused the organization of sponsoring "  certain radical feminist themes " Last week , crowds gathered in Cincinnati in a similar protest
CNN  -- The flood of unaccompanied children crossing illegally into Texas has prompted the federal government to action , after holding centers for them overflowed . The General Services Administration plans to convert a warehouse in McAllen , Texas , into a processing center for the minors , according to a city building permit . The U.S. Border Patrol will run the 55,702-square-foot building about 3 miles from the Mexican border that will temporarily hold up to 1,000 children . It would seem like a drop in the bucket . About 400 children cross into Texas per day , said Rep. Henry Cuellar . The Texas Democrat represents the district where most of them enter . Many are seeking more opportunity or want to reunite with family . But violence in their home countries -- particularly Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala -- is is helping create an acute tide of child migrants . U.S. authorities estimate 60,000 to 80,000 children from Central America will arrive this year in the United States without a parent or guardian . Some of them are infants . "  This is a humanitarian crisis , " said Cuellar . The government has no idea yet how it will feed , house and diaper the children . Partisan fights Political friction erupted over the inrush of unaccompanied minors after images appeared this spring showing some of them packed into detention centers in Arizona . Republicans accused the Obama administration of not enforcing immigration laws . Texas has been so overwhelmed that federal officials are transporting busloads of immigrants , including minors , to Arizona . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer slammed the move . "  Not only does the federal government have no plan to stop this disgraceful policy , it also has no plan to deal with the endless waves of illegal aliens once they are released here , " she said in a statement . Pods , holding cells A floor plan of the McAllen facility shows the building divided into four pods , with each pod containing five holding cells for 252 detainees . Another floor plan shows a new chain-link fence around the property , temporary shower and laundry units , a play area , food service areas and an isolation area . Each pod will contain an activity space with a raised agent observation station . The children will use portable toilets with hand-washing stations , and detainees will be separated by gender and further separated by age . If it comes to fruition , the McAllen facility wo n't be the only one to house detained children . Naval Base Ventura County , which is outside Los Angeles , recently opened its doors to hundreds of children mainly from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras . Children also are being housed at Fort Sill , Oklahoma , and Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas . The General Services Administration has a 12-month lease . The building plans do n't have a projected completion date . Another new facility that will house 1,200 minors is in the works for Fort Sill . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin has criticized the administration for over its decision to open it .	The GSA is converting a warehouse in McAllen , Texas , into a processing center Up to 1,000 children who try to enter the U.S. would be held there , building permit shows Unaccompanied children are a growing problem along the border Many of the unaccompanied children hope to unite with a family member
Atlanta  CNN  -- Calling the latest battle over the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's possessions a "  spiritually violent " moment in her family 's history , the civil rights icon 's sole surviving daughter said Thursday she already had won the "  moral high ground , " regardless of a court 's decision . At issue are her father 's 1964 Nobel Peace Prize and traveling Bible , used to swear in President Barack Obama for his second term . Bernice King declined to hand the items over on Wednesday , as mandated in a February court order . She has previously said her brothers would sell the items if she gave them up . The Fulton County Superior Court in Georgia extended the deadline for King to produce the items until Monday , saying it would hold them in a safe-deposit box until the litigation between King and her brothers is settled . "  I must say it is deep-in-my-soul difficult to place my father 's prized , precious heirlooms under the custody of the state , even if only for a season , " she told supporters who gathered at Atlanta 's historic Ebenezer Baptist Church . "  Yet I recognize that justice and righteousness are not always aligned , " she continued , "  and there 's often a disconnect between God 's law and man 's law . As dad said , ` We must accept finite disappointment but never lose infinite hope . ' " King said she "  was led by the Holy Spirit to comply " with the new Monday deadline . King further told the assembled crowd , made up of supporters and civil rights activists , that the public tug-of-war was a "  defining moment for our family " and "  an embarrassing chapter in our family 's history . " She pleaded with her brothers , who were not in attendance , and any prospective buyers to "  step up to reason and do what your consciousness says is right . " According to an affidavit filed in the lawsuit , King wrote an e-mail to her brother Dexter in 2007 , saying she was OK with selling some of her father 's possessions . She now says the Bible and Nobel Prize are too sacred to part with . Emphasizing her deep love for her brothers , Bernice King said she 'd ask them to reconsider their stance on the heirlooms and noted that only one brother would need to agree to keep the items in the family . However , Bernice King told CNN she did not foresee her and her brothers reaching any middle ground . She has not spoken to them in some time , she said . CNN 's attempts to reach the attorney for the Martin Luther King Estate were not immediately successful . The three King siblings make up the surviving board of the estate . They took a vote before the lawsuit over whether to sell the items , which Bernice King lost 1-2 . The King brothers say that the future of the estate would be threatened if a sale could not be made . No prospective buyers or dollar amount have been publicly disclosed . Bernice King says she wants to keep the items for reasons other than money . "  If it was about money , hey , I should have just been quiet and took my cut from the sale of these items , but I try to live my life on principle . " The case is scheduled to be heard September 29 .	Bernice King says it 's "  deep-in-my-soul difficult " to hand over precious heirlooms Court ordered that she hand over MLK 's Bible and Nobel Peace Prize last month She missed Wednesday 's deadline but says she will meet new Monday deadline MLK siblings have been feuding , and Bernice King says brothers plan to sell items
CNN  -- It 's hard to engineer this kind of creepy serendipity . Earlier this week , European Union data watchdogs , fighting to protect our privacy in an age of big data , put pressure on Google over the privacy of user information . Just 48 hours later , Google potentially struck a new blow against privacy when it posted a video preview of its new "  Glass " technology -- high-tech spectacles featuring a revolutionary digital interface that enable its wearers to not only view the world through Google 's eyes but also automatically photograph all that they see . "  How strange is that ! " CNN 's Erin Burnett exclaimed after a contemplating a "  world seen through Google Glasses " . Strange indeed . But these glasses , a kind of digital surrogate for our eyes , are strange in a creepy , Hitchcockian , "  Rear Window " sort of way . Or the same way that Big Brother 's ubiquitous cameras were strange in George Orwell 's "  Nineteen Eighty Four . " And in the same way that a future in which "  promethean " data companies like Google rule the world now appears strange . The coincidental timing of last week 's EU and Google announcements may have been unintentional , but it sure is ominous . Read related : How it will feel to wear Google Glass The EU is concerned about the way in which Google has , since last March , been pooling the data of its individual users across its popular services like search , Gmail , Google + and YouTube in order to bundle them up for advertisers . Its anxiety over this aggregation of our personal information is twofold . Firstly , Google has done little , if anything , to inform users of this unilateral change . Secondly , Google has n't offered users a way of opting out . Google insists its privacy policies respect European laws and simply help enhance user experiences . But in the eyes of the EU , those of us using products like YouTube , Gmail or Google + are being , to borrow a Microsoft coined neologism , "  Scroogled " by Google 's new privacy policy . Last October , EU watchdogs gave Google four months to revise this policy . But last week , after nothing appeared to have changed , Brussels raised its warning a bureaucratic notch , promising to take action against Google by the summer . And yet , in light of Google Glass , the EU 's concerns seem like a quaint throwback to a more innocent digital age . Watchdogs should , of course , be barking madly at Google 's decision to pool our data for its advertising clients . Regardless of the legitimacy of such practices , I 'm strongly in favor of making Google accountable , both legally and morally , for policies that so patently disregard the privacy of its users . But Google Glass opens an entirely new front in the digital war against privacy . These spectacles , which have been specifically designed to record everything we see , represent a developmental leap in the history of data that is comparable to moving from the bicycle to the automobile . It is the sort of radical transformation that may actually end up completely destroying our individual privacy in the digital 21st century . Read related : From 3D graphics to biometric scans : How your smartphone will get smarter While none of us were looking , Google -- the most data-hungry of today 's digital giants -- is reengineering mobile technology . Thanks to Silicon Valley 's mad rush to develop wearable computing , it is n't alone . Apple is supposedly working on its hotly-anticipated wristwatch and wearable personal data devices from companies like Nike and Fitbit are already beginning to revolutionize the healthcare industry . But there 's something particularly troubling about Google Glass . When we put on these surveillance devices , we all become spies , or scrooglers , of everything and everyone around us . By getting us to wear their all seeing digital eyeglasses , Google are metamorphosing us into human versions of those Street View vans -- now thankfully banned in Germany -- which crawl , like giant cockroaches , around our cities documenting our homes . Neither Orwell nor Hitchcock at their most terrifyingly dystopian could have dreamt up Google Glass . According to Google co-founder Sergey Brin , quoted by tech website Mashable , "  Glass will also have an automatic picture-taking mode , snapping pics at a preset intervals  such as every 5 seconds  . " Pics every 5 seconds ! Gulp . So where will all that intimate data go ? Erin Burnett 's strange "  world seen through Google Glasses " is actually , as another leading tech site Techcrunch notes "  the world seen through Google 's omnipresent eye . " And the terabytes of data sucked up every five seconds by its omniscient glasses will , of course , flow to Google . That 's the whole business model , the very raison d'etre of Google Glass . Those pics every 5 seconds will be used to aggregate data and then to generate billions of dollars of revenue by selling advertising around it . One EU complaint about current Google practice , you 'll remember , was about the absence of an opt out button to enable users to say no to Google 's pooling of their data . But the problem of saying no , of opting out , becomes even more problematic with Google Glass . After all , as these Warby Parker or Ray-Ban-designed devices become more fashionable  ie : innocuous  , most of us wo n't even know if we are being filmed when gazed at by a bespectacled stranger . In pictures : 12 futuristic phone concepts The EU watchdogs also objected to Google 's current pooling of our data in a single personalized record . And Google Glass could , I fear , become the focal point for all our data in a world where privacy no longer exists . "  Everything , from Google searches to notifications to hangouts , seemingly happens in this one space , " notes Techcrunch about the spectacles . Google Glass , thus , may become the pivotal post PC , post iPod and post tablet device . A pooling of all our most intimate data , a mirror of ourselves -- the holy grail , of course , for advertisers . I remarked earlier that it 's hard to engineer this creepy kind of serendipity . But I may have been wrong . You see , the whole point of Google Glass is actually to successfully engineer serendipity . The creepier , the better . After all , when we wear these devices , those clever engineers at Google will know where we are all the time . So what 's to stop them serving up personalized advertisements for products when the gaze of our glasses rest upon those products ? At the very moment we look at those new clothes in that store window , a special offer for the clothes will flash up on the digital interface of our Google Glass . How serendipitous , eh ? But what to do ? Is there an antidote to Google 's eyewear ? Google Glass is currently in being tested with plans for a finished product to be released into the mass market next year . Last week , Google announced that a few prototype models of the spectacles would go on sale for the not exactly bargain price of $ 1,500 . To qualify , well-heeled Google fanboys need to go to their Google + or Twitter accounts and , in 50 words or less , using the hashtag #ifihadglass , explain how they would use Google Glass . So , if anyone at Google happens to be reading this , here 's my application : #ifihadglass : I would make data privacy its default feature . Nobody else sees the data I see unless I explicitly say so . Not advertisers , nor the government , and certainly not those engineers of the human soul at the Googleplex . No , Google Glass must be opaque . For my eyes only . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen .	Google Glass spectacles could offer tech giant new ways of harvesting data , says Andrew Keen Keen argues that Glass raises further concerns over the way Google treats our private data Wearing spectacles that record our every move could be the end of privacy as we know it , he says
In a phone conversation that came as little surprise , President Barack Obama called Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper Wednesday afternoon to explain why he had rejected the Keystone oil sands pipeline project . In a statement released by Harper 's office , the president is quoted as saying that the decision was not a decision based on the "  merits of the project " and that TransCanada , the company looking to build the pipeline , could reapply for permission after a new route had been developed . The statement went on to say that Prime Minister Harper " ... expressed his profound disappointment with the news . He indicated to President Obama that he hoped that this project would continue given the significant contribution it would make to jobs and economic growth both in Canada and the United States of America . " But crucially , the statement also said that the prime minister reiterated to President Obama that Canada will continue to work to diversify its energy exports . In fact , in a sign of warming relations , Harper is scheduled to make a high-profile trip to China in February . Canada is proposing to build a pipeline of its own through western Canada that would make oil exports to China faster and cheaper . In recent months , Harper has pushed more forcefully for the Northern Gateway pipeline project to get underway , calling it in the country 's "  national interest " as it works to develop markets other than the United States for its crude oil exports . The Gateway project , like the Keystone Pipeline proposal , is facing significant protests from environmental and community groups .	Canada 's prime minister will travel to China in February The trip comes as Canada looks to diversify its oil exports markets PM Harper is pushing a Canadian pipeline called the Northern Gateway project The project in western Canada would make oil exports to China faster and cheaper
Mental Floss  -- Want to be cremated , but worry that your ashes will just end up sitting in some boring urn ? Fear not ! Have a look at these 10 bizarre places that ashes have gone . 1 . Into a comic book When longtime Marvel Comics editor Mark Gruenwald died in 1996 , he left an interesting final wish : he wanted to have his ashes mixed into the ink used in one of Marvel 's titles . The company obliged by reprinting a 1985 collection of the Gruenwald-penned Squadron Supreme with the specially prepared ink in 1997 . Gruenwald 's widow , Catherine , wrote in the book 's foreword , "  He has truly become one with the story . " 2 . Into fireworks Writer Hunter S. Thompson literally went out with a bang . Thompson 's appropriately gonzo 2005 memorial service featured a fireworks show in which each boom and crack dispersed some of the writer 's ashes . Johnny Depp underwrote the fireworks display at a cost of $ 2 million . 3 . Into a Pringles can The name Fredric Baur may not ring any bells , but you know his most famous creation . In 1966 Baur invented the Pringles can so Procter & Gamble could ship its new chips without using bags . Baur was so proud of the achievement that he told his children he wanted to be buried in the iconic can . When he died in 2008 at 89 , they honored his wishes by placing his ashes in a Pringles can before burying them . According to his son Larry , Baur 's children briefly debated what flavor canister to use before settling on original . Mental Floss : Where 'd the name "  Pringles " come from ? 4 . Onto a Frisbee More than anyone , Edward "  Steady Ed " Headrick was responsible for transforming the Frisbee from a fad toy into a valued piece of sporting equipment . While working as a manager at Wham-O , Headrick designed numerous improvements to the flying disc , and during the 1970s he created the sport of disc golf . Mental Floss : 10 specialized summer camps Before his 2002 death , Headrick told his children that he wanted to have his ashes mixed into the plastic for a batch of Frisbees . His hope was that the proceeds from the sales could help establish a disc golf museum , but he also wanted to have a bit of fun . Headrick 's son Daniel later told the San Francisco Chronicle , "  He said he wanted to end up in a Frisbee that accidentally lands on someone 's roof . " Headrick 's wish came true , and the discs are quite valuable as collectors ' items now . A two-disc set fetches upwards of $ 200 on Amazon . 5 . Out of a shotgun There 's no more fitting way for a hunter to go out than this . When James Booth , a British expert on vintage shotguns , died in 2004 , his wife asked an ammunition company to mix his ashes into a batch of shotgun shells . The Caledonian Cartridge Company happily complied and presented Joanna Booth with 275 12-gauge cartridges containing James ' ashes ; a minister even blessed the shells . The widow then invited a group of close friends over for a hunt , and the group used the cartridges to bag ducks , pheasants , and partridges . Mental Floss : What makes No. 2 pencils special ? 6 . Into space Looking for the remains of '60s icon and LSD advocate Timothy Leary ? You 're going to need a space shuttle . In 1997 Leary 's remains were on the first rocket to send cremated ashes into space . Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry 's ashes went into orbit on the same flight . Space burial company Celestis will send a portion of anyone 's remains into the final frontier for a fee . According to the company 's website , your ashes can go into Earth orbit for $ 2,495 , find their way into lunar orbit for $ 9,995 , or make the trek into deep space for $ 12,500 . Mental Floss : 10 things your body can do after you die 7 . Into a tattoo When English parents Mark and Lisa Richmond tragically lost their son Ayden when he was just two years and four months old , they wanted to find a fitting way to honor his memory . The couple owned a tattoo parlor , so they decided to remember the boy with a bit of ink . Mark got a seven-inch portrait of Ayden tattooed on his chest using ink that had been mixed with his son 's ashes . 8 . Onto a reef If you 're a sea lover , Eternal Reefs can help turn your remains into a permanent reef . After the ashes are mixed into concrete , the reefs go into the water and provide a new habitat for fish and other marine life . A 2 ' x 3 ' Aquarius Memorial Reef will set your loved ones back $ 3,995 . 9 . Into a diamond LifeGem can take the ashes of a departed loved one and convert them into a diamond . The process looks basically identical to the production of synthetic diamonds , except the carbon used to kick start the production comes from the cremated remains . Depending on the color and size of the diamond you want , prices can range from $ 2,699 all the way up to $ 24,999 . Mental Floss : 10 weird places to get married 10 . Up Keith Richards ' nose ? In 2007 music mag NME asked Rolling Stones guitarist to name the strangest thing he 'd ever snorted . The reporter was probably expecting an odd answer given Richards ' legendary proclivity for partying , but Richards ' response was a jaw-dropper . Richards told the magazine , "  The strangest thing I 've tried to snort ? My father . I snorted my father . He was cremated and I could n't resist grinding him up with a little bit of blow . " Richards went on to explain that snorting a rail of dear old Dad had n't caused him any health problems and that he did n't think his old man would have cared . The remarks sparked a predictable media firestorm , though , and the Stones ' publicist released a statement calling Richards ' story "  an off-the-cuff remark , a joke . " Richards himself later revised the tale and said that he planted his father 's ashes at the base of an oak tree . Mental Floss : 7 different Seven Wonders of the World For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	People have chosen some strange place for their cremated remains to go Marvel Comics editor Mark Gruenwald 's ashes went into ink used in Squadron Supreme Grieving parents had some of son 's ashes used in tattoo ink on the father LSD advocate Leary , Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry 's ashes went into space
CNN  -- One talking point frequently used by Republicans to justify shutting down the government while trying to overturn the Affordable Care Act is that the House and its Republican majority are more representative of Americans ' views than President Barack Obama and the Democratic Senate . That is preposterous and beside the point . The ACA is law . End of story . The House Republicans ' attempt to nullify a duly-enacted law violates the norms of our constitutional system . It is reckless economically and an egregious affront to our democratic form of government . House Republicans have every right to press their views in Congress but not to threaten to blow up the U.S. and global economy by shutting down the government and threatening public default We have elections for all three key players -- the president , the House and the Senate . If Republicans want to change the law , they must do it the old-fashioned way : Persuade the others to accept their position or win control of the White House and Senate . House Republicans lost ground in the 2012 elections , lost the national vote for the House by over a million votes and retained a majority only because of favorable districting . Obama won re-election by 3.9 percentage points and got an overwhelming victory in the Electoral College . Senate Democrats retained their majority despite having to defend more than twice as many seats as the Republicans . House Republicans represent a distinct minority of public sentiment . They carelessly generalize from the echo chambers of their safe districts to the national electorate . Polls show a majority of the public opposed to shutting down the government to kill or amend Obamacare . A majority of Americans also oppose its repeal or defunding . Moreover , a significant portion of those who do n't like the law say it does n't go far enough . But public opinion does n't matter at this point . The Constitution provides for an orderly process of making laws and building agreement between chambers of Congress and branches of government . Blackmail , extortion , hostage-taking and brinksmanship are the tools of terrorists , not legislators . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Mann .	Thomas Mann : GOP talking point is that the House reflects Americans ' views He says that 's wrong : Obamacare is law ; attempts to nullify it violate the Constitution Mann : GOP in House lost 2012 overall popular vote but kept control because of redistricting He says House can press its views but not recklessly threaten U.S. , global economy
New York  CNN  An 80-year-old retired elementary school principal from Wurtsboro , New York , is planning to take his wife to Hawaii after he became the sole winner of the largest Mega Millions jackpot ticket claimed in the state 's history , the New York Lottery announced Monday . Harold Diamond , a 39-year veteran of Monticello School District took the cash option on the $ 326 million jackpot , which will total $ 130,676,438 after taxes , according to the New York Lottery statement . Diamond purchased the life-changing ticket after voting on Election Day in November . As it became clear he and his wife , Carol , wo n't make it to dinner because of stormy weather , she insisted they stop and eat at the Valero and wait for the weather to clear . "  I have to thank her with both barrels , because if it were n't for her insistence , we would not be here today , " he said in the release . While eating at the Subway shop within the Valero , Diamond noticed the Mega Millions jackpot flashing on the Lottery terminal and decided to get ten $ 1 Quick Pick numbers for that evening 's drawings . Diamond said he forgot about the ticket and remembered only when he heard people talk about it while playing golf , according to the New York Lottery news release . "  I put the ticket in my wallet and forgot about it , " he said . "  I went to play golf the next day and the guys in the clubhouse were talking about the jackpot-winning ticket someone bought at a Valero on Route 302 , and I thought , wait a minute -- I bought a ticket there last night ! As soon as Diamond realized he was holding a lottery ticket from the shop , he rushed home to catch the evening news and saw that six numbers drawn matched the second set of Quick Pick numbers on his ticket , he said . "  When I saw the last number , I yelled up to my wife I think we won a few bucks , " he laughed , at the check awarding ceremony . Diamond said they proceeded to read the numbers back and forth to each other . "  We were like in a daze , in a dither , " he said . Diamond 's win marks the 29th time a New Yorker has won the top prize on the multistate megajackpot game , which launched in 2002 . "  We could n't be more thrilled . They were just a gem of a couple , " said Carolyn Hapeman , spokeswoman for the New York Gaming Commission . Lottery ticket misprint leaves man without $ 500K	Retired school principal wins $ 326 million Mega Millions jackpot Harold Diamond , 80 , credits his wife for the win He bought the ticket after they pulled over for something to eat during bad weather
CNN  -- What does it take to become the CEO of India 's biggest biotech company and the richest woman in India ? Mazumdar Shaw with Shah Rukh Khan . India 's richest woman is ready to answer your questions . Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw , founder of biotech pharaceutical company Biotech answers your questions , below . Yours is a very inspiring story . Could you tell us more about what challenges you had to overcome to bring Biocon to a global level ? Vishala Vasandani Mazumdar Shaw : My journey started 30 years ago at a time when I had to face credibility challenges that pertained to my gender , my inexperience as a business entrepreneur and my unfamiliar biotechnology-based business model . My business evolved in tandem with challenges . Once I overcame these credibility challenges , I faced technological challenges of trying to build a Biotech business in a country that had infrastructure that was too primitive to support a high tech industry that demanded uninterrupted power supply , high quality water , sterile labs , imported research equipment , advanced scientific skills etc. . Over the next 10 years , we systematically addressed these challenges and built a self contained enterprise that had captive power and water supply , state of the art labs and facilities and a team of highly experienced scientists and engineers capable of delivering world class research and technologies . Today , our challenges address those posed by new medical wisdom : addressing unmet medical needs , researching new drugs , new drug delivery systems and new therapies . Overcoming each of these phases has been a rich learning experience that has helped us to develop world class expertise in biotechnology . Innovation and quality have been integral to our business ethos . Can Biocon 's oral insulin IN-105 replace traditional and painful needle based insulin delivery system for type1 diabetics ? Can a diabetic who is taking insulin by needle based delivery system hope for change in near future ? Ajay Kumar Singh Mazumdar-Shaw : Oral Insulin is not just about delivering Insulin in a tablet . It is about delivering Insulin very rapidly to the liver  hepato-delivery  which is the main organ responsible for glycemic control in our body . Injectable Insulin takes approximately 30 minutes to act . Oral Insulin takes approximately 5 minutes to act which mimics how non-diabetics respond to glucose uptake when food is consumed . This will help both Type I and Type II diabetics to manage their diabetes better . We hope that early intervention with Oral Insulin will help to manage Diabetes especially in Type II diabetics much more effectively than is being done by oral diabetic agents like Metformin , Sulphonyl Ureas and Glitazones which stimulate the pancreas to produce Insulin . This is unlike oral Insulin which will allow a poorly functioning pancreas to rest and hopefully help to revive Insulin secreting beta cells . Should our Oral Insulin program succeed , this will revolutionize Diabetes therapy in the future . If you had to do the IPO again what would you do differently and when can we see Biocon listed in NASDAQ ? Harish Swaminathan Mazumdar-Shaw : I do n't believe so . I think we got the valuation we were expecting through an Indian listing . A NASDAQ listing is only something we will address when one of our branded drugs are close to commercialization in either the U.S. or European markets . Today NASDAQ is risk averse and not valuing biotech companies any better than the BSE or NSE . I am so humbled by your story . What does it take as a woman to get to where you are today ? What obstacles did you have to overcome , especially in an industry that is deemed to be a "  man 's world " ? Would women setting up business in India today find it easier than you did ? Irene Gonza , Uganda Mazumdar-Shaw : I believe that women need to believe in themselves . I set up Biocon with a spirit of challenge and a deep sense of purpose . The challenge was to break the gender bias in the business world . My sense of purpose was to create a Biotech business in a country like India which had a very poor research culture with limited opportunities for scientists and engineers to pursue a career . It was about stopping the "  brain drain " from India . It was about providing exciting career opportunities to young scientists and engineers . It was about encouraging young women to pursue careers . When one is passionate about a mission that is about change , it enables you to persevere and endure . I do believe that if I could achieve success , any woman can overcome obstacles with a sense of determination ! When you set up Biocon did you aim to make it one of the biggest and most successful in the world ? Do you need ambition like that be a success in any kind of business or does it take luck , too ? David James , London Mazumdar-Shaw : When I set up Biocon , I certainly did not have such a big ambition ! I basically wanted to run a successful and profitable business to start with . Ambition is evolutionary and one does not see the big picture until you reach a certain critical mass . It was only a few years ago that we developed a global ambition and built global scale in our operations . Whilst luck can be described as "  being at the right place at the right time " or "  being prepared to address an opportunity , " I personally believe that it is about being able to seize opportunities by leveraging existing capabilities to reach new levels . In our case , we leveraged our enzyme capabilities to pursue bio-pharmaceuticals ; it was also about picking the right products  statins & Insulin  that had large markets . We chose to partner with innovative companies and in-license innovative technologies which spearheaded our new drug development programs . We have always chosen to differentiate ourselves from the market and this has allowed us to "  think out of the box " and stand apart . How do you think the global economic downturn will affect Biocon and Indian companies in general ? Alicia van Waveren , The Hague Mazumdar-Shaw : The economic meltdown will certainly bring tremendous pricing pressure and we expect to see our margins shrink . We also expect payment terms that involve extended credits . However , we also see a silver lining amidst this gloomy scenario as R&D and manufacturing are likely to shift to countries like India in order to bring down costs . We have two subsidiaries that offer research and clinical services , Syngene and Clinigene that are likely to see their businesses increase . We also expect generic drugs to become a larger part of healthcare budgets in western economies . Finally , new drug development costs are under tremendous pressure both in terms of funding and development . India and companies like Biocon provide very effective co-development partnership opportunities to bring these costs down . The differences between wealth and poverty in India are starker than anywhere else in the world . Do you think the poverty gap will ever be closed ? Richard Ng , Hong Kong Mazumdar-Shaw : Poverty poses a huge challenge . Education and employment are the only answers . India is striving to address these two areas through various education and vocational training initiatives . What we also need is employment generation through a myriad of projects that span infrastructure development , co-operative agriculture to entrepreneurship . India needs to provide rural connectivity both in terms of roads and tale/IT connectivity . This will unleash inclusive growth in a huge way . Today we are caught between a political ethos that finds it convenient to keep its vote bank ignorant and unemployed and a civic India that wants to educate and harness the potential of its human capital . It seems that Indian biotech and pharmaceutical industry is relying more on being the outsourced resource of the U.S. and EU companies rather than creating their own intellectual property.Do you think this a culture in India to not be active in creating IP or is it related to the inadequacies in the patent law ? Dipanjan Nag Mazumdar-Shaw : A very correct observation . The risks associated with proprietary products are high and Indian businesses and more importantly Indian investors and banks are extremely risk averse . Hopefully , the rapid commoditization of generics and services will force companies to differentiate on the basis of IP . At Biocon we strongly believe that our proprietary programs will help us sustain growth in the future . It is a challenge to convince our investors of this but we think they will understand this in the near future . In hindsight , what is the one piece of advice you wish you 'd been given when you were starting out in business ? Karl Malone , Winchester Risk is not about taking but about managing . I took a huge risk when I started a Biotech company in 1978 and I soon realized that I had to manage the risk by addressing very serious challenges of a very primitive infrastructure at the time . It took me a lot longer than I thought to build the company but in hindsight it was still worth the effort ! What drives you to achieve what you have and to keep going when times are tough ? Melinda Cook , Melbourne The belief that we can deliver the world 's first Oral Insulin and other life saving drugs for cancer and auto-immune diseases . I am driven by my desire to see novel drugs being developed by Biocon for global markets with a "  Made in India " label . I am determined to see India earn a strong reputation in innovation . At a time when most Biotech companies in the western world are challenged with funding , I believe we can forge ahead and succeed . About Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Mazumdar-Shaw is founder of Biocon , the biotech and pharmaceutical company that made her India 's richest self-made businesswoman . She was named as one of Fortune magazine 's 50 Most Powerful Women in 2007 and was instrumental in forging India 's biotechnology industry . Living and working in Bangalore , she set up Biocon in 1978 and has developed it into a global biopharmaceutical player with highly developed research and development facilities focusing on cancer and diabetes treatments . Biocon was bought first by Unilever in 1989 and then sold to ICI in 1997 , but Mazumdar-Shaw remains the company 's Chair and Managing Director and has been part of the Indian government 's Council on Trade & Industry .	India 's richest woman Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw is founder and CEO of Biocon Email her your questions on business and secrets of her success Her answers will appear here on Friday , November 28
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama formally announced Sunday that retired Army Gen. Eric Shinseki , a decorated veteran and popular figure among critics of the Bush administration , is his pick to be secretary of Veterans Affairs . Retired Gen. Eric Shinseki Sunday promised to work for veterans "  each and every day . " "  There is no one more distinguished , more determined , or more qualified to build this VA than the leader I am announcing as our next secretary of Veterans Affairs -- Gen. Eric Shinseki , " Obama said at a press conference . "  No one will ever doubt that this former Army chief of staff has the courage to stand up for our troops and our veterans . No one will ever question whether he will fight hard enough to make sure they have the support they need , " Obama added . Obama said the nation must focus on helping troops who have served their country especially during bad economic times . "  We do n't just need to better serve veterans of today 's wars . We also need to build a 21st century VA that will better serve all who have answered our nation 's call , " Obama said . Watch Obama talk about Shinseki " Obama said Shinseki , who served two combat tours in Vietnam and lost part of his foot , "  understands the changing needs of our troops and their families . And he will be a VA secretary who finally modernizes our VA to meet the challenges of our time . " Shinseki , who spoke after Obama , made a vow to his fellow veterans . If confirmed , he said , he will "  work each and every day " to ensure the nation is serving them "  as well as you have served us . " The official announcement took place in Chicago , Illinois , on Sunday , the anniversary of Japan 's attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 . In an interview broadcast Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Obama called Shinseki "  exactly the right person " for the post . Host Tom Brokaw said Shinseki lost his job in the Bush administration "  because he said that we would need more troops in Iraq than the secretary of defense , Don Rumsfeld , thought that we would need at that time . " "  He was right , " Obama replied . Veterans groups appeared to support the selection . "  I am excited . I do n't know him personally but this is a huge move , " said Paul Rieckhoff , executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . For years , Shinseki , a highly decorated Vietnam veteran , has been cited as an example by Pentagon critics who say the former Army chief 's sage advice was ignored in 2003 , resulting in too few U.S. troops being sent to Iraq after the invasion . Shinseki testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee in February 2003 that "  something on the order of several hundred thousand soldiers would be required " to pacify the country . The comment infuriated some Bush administration officials , and he retired just a few months later . Shinseki has never spoken publicly about his testimony , which has often been cited by critics as evidence that Rumsfeld ignored the advice of one of his key generals . But as Army chief of staff , Shinseki was not in the chain of command , and played no direct role in drawing up the war plans . Pentagon sources say that , in fact , Shinseki never advocated higher troop levels for Iraq , in part because it was not his job to do so . And sources say that just before the invasion , when asked by then-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Richard Myers if he agreed with the war plans , Shinseki voiced no objections . Still , Rieckhoff said , "  Shinseki is a guy who had a career putting patriotism above politics . He is a wounded veteran so he understands the plight of veterans . " iReport.com : What do you think of Obama 's cabinet picks so far ? He said Shinseki would have to make key connections with the veterans community , adding , "  This is a big name and it shows that he -LSB- Obama -RSB- is not going to treat the Veterans Affairs secretary as a low priority . " John Rowan , president of Vietnam Veterans of America , called the reported pick an "  interesting choice . " "  I am satisfied with it , " Rowan told CNN on Saturday , adding that the choice seems to be in the Obama transition team 's pattern of "  bringing in strong personalities into all the positions who are n't going to ` yes ' him to death . " "  When Shinseki had his disagreements with the administration , he was n't afraid to speak up , " Rowan said . Veterans for Common Sense also weighed in , issuing a statement "  strongly " supporting Shinseki . "  In February 2003 , Gen. Shinseki honestly and correctly assessed our nation 's military needs before the invasion of Iraq in March 2003 , " the statement said . "  This same level of candor and honesty will serve President-elect Obama well so he can quickly and accurately identify VA 's many challenges and then implement responsible solutions that take into consideration our veterans ' needs and concerns . " CNN 's Candy Crowley and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Obama picks retired Gen. Eric Shinseki for Veterans Affairs secretary Shinseki known for stance against Rumsfeld on troop numbers to succeed in Iraq His comments infuriated some Bush officials ; he retired a few months later
CNN  -- A Singapore Airlines flight to Hong Kong had to turn back in mid-flight Friday after the pilots received an alert about a problem with a cargo door on the plane , the company said . The aircraft , an Airbus A380 superjumbo , returned to Singapore 's Changi airport on Friday afternoon "  as a result of a cockpit warning relating to a cargo door , " the airline said in an e-mailed statement . Flight SQ 866 landed safely back at Changi at 2:20 p.m. local time , Singapore Airlines said , adding that passengers would be transferred to a replacement flight to Hong Kong . The airline did n't provide further details about the incident , nor did it immediately respond to a question from CNN about whether the cargo door issue affected cabin pressure . The replacement aircraft was expected to arrive in Hong Kong at 8:40 p.m. , more than three and a half hours after the original scheduled arrival time , according to the Singapore Airlines website . The double-decker A380 is capable of carrying more passengers than any other commercial aircraft . CNN 's Euan McKirdy contributed to this report .	A cockpit warning about a cargo door went off mid-flight on an Airbus A380 The superjumbo , headed for Hong Kong , turned back to Singapore , the airline says It landed safely and passengers were transferred to a replacement plane
CNN  -- Lately it 's hard to tell the difference between a presidential debate and "  The Jerry Springer Show . " Yeah , I know . Some of you have been saying this for months . But my comment is n't a criticism of the candidates , but the live audience . I was hoping this audience "  whoop " factor would go away over the long debate season , but it has only grown worse . Are they serving alcohol at the debates ? It seems like it . In last night 's Republican presidential debate , held in the Myrtle Beach Convention Center in South Carolina , the chaotic audience once again played an awkward role in the questions and answers . Why does this matter ? On these presidential debates , the vocal live audiences have shown themselves to be more disruptive than productive . And I 've seen debate judges  people who should know better  in intercollegiate tournaments have their decisions influenced by a noisy audience â $ " even judges trained to be impartial and objective . In this case , the judges are you , the audience . I know everyone believes they ca n't be swayed like this , but it still happens  even to me , which is one of the reasons I watch the presidential debates alone . I do n't want anyone influencing my analysis  . There is even a name for it in the literature . Emotional contagion . And it was apparent Monday night -- fanboys  and fangirls  who were every bit as rabid as a football crowd . The only people missing were face-paint girl and shirtless guy .  Of course , it 's hard to tell on television how much of the crowd participated in the cheering and booing . It was especially annoying because the live audience was booing their disapproval at inappropriate times . Two examples . Juan Williams , one of the moderators , was asking Mitt Romney about his immigration policies when he was interrupted in mid-question . Williams had begun the question by stating that Mitt Romney 's father was born in Mexico . "  Boo ! " came the shouts from the audience . What ? What in the world were they booing ? I still have no idea . It could have been Juan Williams , the question , Romney 's father , or Romney 's position on immigration . It made no sense . Then the live audience ganged up on Ron Paul . Remember , Paul has some of the more unconventional foreign policy positions for a conservative Republican audience . And Paul was not at his best last night  I 've heard him defend his argument much more effectively  when explaining his position on the military operation that killed Osama bin Laden . But the audience mistimed its reaction and used most of its vitriol immediately after Paul said the American people would n't like it if the United States were treated the same way it treated other countries . Paul reiterated his stance that we should use the golden rule -- do unto others as you would have them do unto you -- when the boos rang out . I could n't believe it . I was indeed hearing this correctly . The crazed audience at the presidential debate actually booed the golden-freaking-rule . What 's next ? Helping old women cross the street ? "  Boo ! ... Villain ! " Puppies ? "  Hiss ... Shame ! " And the audience was equally annoying when applauding . Remember : Cheering should prove nothing to you in a debate except that some candidates are better than others at stacking the live audience with supporters . I 'm also beginning to wonder if there is an "  applause " sign that lights up so some of the slower audience operatives will remember when to react . For their part , the candidates handled the live audience pretty well . After all , politicians are used to verbal feedback in public speeches and town hall meetings . My advice today is for the general viewing public at home . Simply keep in mind that the opinions of the live audience are not necessarily reflective of anything , including logic . And try to resist being influenced by overzealous fools watching the debate from the cheap seats . If this continues , we 're in danger of letting the loud few influence the silent many watching at home . I certainly hope we can reverse this trend . Because I 'd hate to see the next step : Measuring presidential debates by audience noise-meters with a needle that moves up and down . After all , higher decibel levels must indicate better policies . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : GOP presidential debate audiences have gotten more and more raucous He says this matters because the boos and cheers can sway viewers ' opinions Boos came for Mitt Romney 's father being born in Mexico and for the golden rule Graham : If this keeps up we risk letting the loud few influence the silent many watching at home
CNN  Latest developments : • Transponder data shows that the autopilot on Germanwings Flight 9525 was reprogrammed by someone in the cockpit to change the plane 's altitude from 38,000 feet to 100 feet , according to Flightradar24 , a website that tracks aviation data . • Police searched Germanwings Flight 9525 co-pilot Andreas Lubitz 's apartment in Dusseldorf , Germany , on Thursday , the city 's police spokesman said in televised comments . A team of five investigators went "  through the apartment looking for clues as to what the co-pilot 's motivation might have been , if he did indeed bring the plane down , " police spokesman Markus Niesczery said . Full story : The co-pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525 purposely crashed the plane into the French Alps , killing all 150 people on board , officials said Thursday . "  We at Lufthansa are speechless that this aircraft has been deliberately crashed by the co-pilot , " said Carsten Spohr , CEO of Lufthansa , which owns Germanwings . Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin said the co-pilot , 27-year-old German national Andreas Lubitz , apparently "  wanted to destroy the aircraft . " It 's unknown whether Lubitz planned his actions , Robin said . But he "  took advantage " of a moment in which the pilot left the cockpit and "  activated the descent , " which can only be done deliberately . New details released Thursday appeared to support the startling revelation that someone set the plane on a crash course . Transponder data shows that the autopilot was reprogrammed during the flight by someone inside the cockpit to change the plane 's altitude from 38,000 feet to 100 feet , according to Flightradar24 , a website that tracks aviation data . The plane 's cockpit audio recorder captured horrific sounds . The captain , somehow locked out of the cockpit , can be heard banging on the door , Robin said . And screaming can be heard on the audio recording for the final few minutes of the flight . For those on board when the plane plunged into the mountains , Robin said , death was instantaneous . Who was co-pilot Andreas Lubitz ? Police searched Lubitz 's apartment in Dusseldorf on Thursday , looking for clues about his possible motive . A search is underway for the plane 's second "  black box , " the flight data recorder , which could shed more light on the plane 's final minutes . And the French government has asked the FBI to help investigate the crash , a law enforcement official said . Investigators so far say they 're baffled about why Lubitz would have crashed the plane Lufthansa does "  not have any clues , " Spohr said . The picture of the plane 's final minutes comes largely from what was discovered in the mangled cockpit voice recorder . The pilot and co-pilot had normal exchanges during the beginning of the flight , Robin said . When the pilot stepped out to go to the bathroom , he asked Lubitz to take over . It 's unclear whether the pilot entered a code to try to get back into the cockpit when he returned , or whether Lubitz "  put the lever on lock , " which would have prevented the code from working , Spohr said . The most plausible explanation of what happened next is that Lubitz , "  through deliberate abstention , refused to open the cabin door ... to the chief pilot , and used the button " to cause the plane to lose altitude , Robin said . The disaster is not being described as a "  terrorist attack , " and the killing of 150 people would generally not be described as a "  suicide " either , Robin said . Spohr agreed : "  If a person kills himself and also 149 other people , another word should be used -- not suicide , " he said . Lubitz was not known to be on any terrorism list , and his religion was not immediately known , Robin said . 5 cases of pilots intentionally crashing He had been with Germanwings since September 2013 and had completed 630 hours of flight time , the company said . Lubitz had trained at the Lufthansa flight center in Bremen , Germany . He only had about 100 hours of experience on the type of aircraft he was flying , but he had all the necessary certifications and qualifications to pilot the aircraft alone , the prosecutor said . He had passed medical tests , Spohr said . The audio recording showed his breathing to be steady , with no sign that he had a heart attack or other medical issue . Lufthansa does not have standard psychological testing for pilots once they are hired , Spohr said . The company considers an applicant 's psychological state when hiring , he said . The co-pilot was "  fully qualified to pilot the aircraft on his own , " Robin said . A man in Montabaur , Germany , who belonged to the same flight club as Lubitz , said he could n't believe it . "  The way I know Andreas , this is inconceivable , " Peter Ruecker said . An 8-minute descent to death Relatives and friends of the victims traveled on special Lufthansa flights to an area near the site where their loved ones perished . Seyne-les-Alpes , a nearby town , is serving as a staging post . Mayor Francis Hermitte predicted that 200 to 300 people would come to the area Thursday . Most are not expected to stay overnight , he said . But in case they do , he said , local residents have offered accommodations for them . Lufthansa is providing "  financial support " to relatives of the victims , Spohr said . He declined to go into details . The families of the two pilots are also in France , Robin said , but they are not in the same place as the passengers ' relatives . The bodies of the crash victims will not be released to family members until all DNA identification work has been done -- a process likely to last several weeks , he said . While some human remains have been recovered , many have not . The task is treacherous for search crews working on steep slopes in icy weather . Workers were dropped by helicopters and tied together for safety . Mother , daughter among 3 American victims The doomed flight was traveling from Barcelona , Spain , to Dusseldorf , Germany , when it crashed Tuesday . Germanwings said the plane reached its cruising altitude of 38,000 feet , and then dropped for about eight minutes . The plane lost contact with French radar at a height of about 6,000 feet . Then it crashed . The 144 passengers and six crew members came from 18 countries . About half were from Germany , and 35 were from Spain . Students , singers among victims CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Ashley Fantz , Richard Allen Greene , Jason Hanna , Greg Botelho , Frederik Pleitgen , Nic Robertson , Pierre Meilhan , Richard Quest , Hala Gorani , Stephanie Halasz , Khushbu Shah , Bharati Naik , Ingrid Formanek , Sandrine Amiel and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Transponder data indicates someone inside the cockpit programmed plane 's descent Lufthansa CEO says his company is "  speechless that this aircraft has been deliberately crashed by the co-pilot " Investigators say they 're baffled as to why
London  CNN  -- A soldier lies in a pool of blood in the middle of a nondescript inner-city London street . His two apparent killers brandish bloodied kitchen knives and meat cleavers . One of them rants at a passer-by who films the whole extraordinary encounter on a mobile phone . These shocking images are unlike anything seen before on the streets of Britain , where the murder rate is one of the lowest in the world and where police officers do not routinely carry guns . London attack : Terrorists targeting soldiers at home again ? There is little sense of panic among the dozens of witnesses , some of whom argue rationally with the suspected killer . If the British can still be characterized as being hard to panic with stiff upper lips , this street scene was a bizarre illustration . Others mill round taking photos -- as if a celebrity has arrived . At one point a woman with a shopping trolley even walks past the man without changing course as he makes his radical statement . In the distance is the sound of police sirens : later the men will be shot -- although both survive -- by armed officers . This is suburban London on a quiet day in May 2013 . The attack , which is being treated as a suspected terrorist incident by the UK government , begins in a fairly anonymous road in Woolwich , a deprived largely blue-collar neighborhood in comparison to its historic neighbors Greenwich and Blackheath . The area was hit hard , as was much of London , by the summer riots of 2011 , when several shops and properties were burned to the ground . But beyond that violence is rare : thousands of visitors attended Olympic shooting events last year at the army barracks where the soldier was heading , without incident . At 2.20 pm on Wednesday , a small blue Vauxall Tigra hatchback with blacked-out windows mounts the sidewalk of Artillery Place and mows down a soldier . Read more : London attack mirrors plot to behead Muslim soldier The soldier , later named as Lee Rigby , 25 , a father of a 2-year-old boy , is wearing a T-shirt bearing the logo of "  Help for Heroes , " a military charity that in little more than five years has raised well over Â # 100 million  $ 150 million  for members of the Armed Forces wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan . The two attackers get out of the car , then fall on Rigby , stabbing and slashing him to death with their knives and cleavers before they drag his body into the middle of the road . The murder brings the mid-afternoon traffic on Artillery Place , just yards from the busy arterial John Wilson Street , to a standstill . From the relative safety of a stationary bus , passengers start to film : later the footage will be broadcast by the world 's media . One clip starts by showing the car smashed into a lamp-post : then the camera pans round to show that this is no ordinary traffic accident . The footage reveals that the victim lying in the road being tenderly stroked by a passer-by . We do not know at this stage at what point Rigby died . Watch : Terrorism analyst on soldier killing About 50 yards behind the commotion a silent crowd of people has gathered to watch proceedings . One woman , apparently oblivious to the unfolding carnage , casually walks past the scene carrying her shopping bag . In one clip that will later be streamed on a newspaper website , one bus passenger feels sufficiently emboldened to leave the vehicle while filming -- even though it is far from clear that the attackers will not strike out at other people . Then , amazingly , one of the two suspected assailants walks up to the camera in an agitated state . He is dressed in black and wearing a black beanie hat , his hands drenched in blood . In his left hand he grips a knife and machete . Opinion : The real enemy in London hacking death The suspect begins to address the camera , as if explaining himself to a wider audience that goes beyond those gathered on the street . "  The only reason we killed this man today is because Muslims are dying daily by British soldiers , " he begins . "  And this British soldier is one . It is an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth . I apologize that women had to witness this today but in our lands our women have to see the same . You people will never be safe . Remove your governments . They do n't care about you . You think David Cameron is going to get caught in the street when we start busting our guns , you think politicians are going to die ? " At this point in his rant , an elderly woman pulling a shopping trolley bustles past the man without even slowing and continues on her way . Both ignore each other . The man continues . "  No , it 's going to be the average guy like you , and your children . So , get rid of them . Tell them to bring our troops back so we can all live in peace . " He then walks back up the road , towards the victim and a second man with whom he has a conversation . They make no attempt to flee the scene . Instead they walk up and down the street , having heated conversations with passers-by , some of whom plead with the pair to refrain from further violence . One such bystander , Ingrid Loyau-Kennett , will later tell the Guardian newspaper she spoke to one of the attackers . "  He was very excited and he told me not to get close to the body . I did n't really feel anything . I was not scared because he was not drunk , he was not on drugs . He was normal . I could speak to him and he wanted to speak and that 's what we did . " Loyau-Kennett , a passenger on the bus , will tell reporters that she asked the suspect what he was going to do next . "  He said it was a war and if the police were coming , he was going to kill them . I asked him if that was a reasonable thing to do but it was clear that he really wanted to do that . He talked about war but he did not talk about dying and then he left to speak to someone else . " But the violence is not yet over . Fourteen minutes after the attack , police say , armed officers arrive . According to eyewitnesses , the two attackers , one of whom was brandishing a handgun , charged at the officers who opened fire , wounding both of the men . The men are left at the scene while crowds surge around them , according to media reports . A police helicopter then arrives to take the men under armed guard to separate London hospitals . A large section of Woolwich is sealed off for the evening by forensics officers who comb the area around Artillery Place for evidence . Wednesday 's attack is not the first time that soldiers in Woolwich have been visited with violence . In 1974 a bomb was thrown through the window of the King 's Arms pub at the far end of Artillery Place , killing a gunner as well as a sales clerk . The Provisional IRA claimed responsibility for that attack -- but unlike the two attackers on Wednesday , they were far less brazen . They fled after the bombing and went on to kill more than 30 others in a 14-month campaign across London before surrendering to police in December 1975 following a six-day siege . Wednesday 's killing is the first jihadist attack that has killed a victim since the July 7 , 2005 bombings in London that killed 52 people and the four bombers . Just like the 1970s IRA bombing campaign and the 7/7 attacks , it is likely to resonate in London and the wider British society for a long period .	As soldier lay dying in London street , apparent attackers posed for photos Little sense of panic , one woman shoved past suspect as he ranted to a passer-by One bystander said she pleaded with the suspect to refrain from further violence Two suspects were shot by police , and were taken to hospital under armed guard
CNN  -- Some stunning buildings have appeared in American cities the past four years -- buildings , like the Aqua skyscraper in Chicago , Illinois , that attest to the creativity of 21st-century architecture . But there might be fewer of them in the near future , because the recession has forced many architects to tone down their ambition . "  A lot of projects have been delayed , a lot of projects have been scaled back , a lot of projects have been scrapped . ... It 's not a time to see a lot of architectural masterpieces being created , " said Kermit Baker , chief economist of the American Institute of Architects . Baker said the emphasis today is on value . "  I think most buildings that are being built are very much focused on managing cost , " he said . "  So you tend to see less creativity in that environment , less exciting designs , less upscale materials being used in them . " At Aqua , the curved terraces vary slightly from floor to floor , giving the 82-story tower a soft , billowy look -- as though Chicago 's celebrated winds are ruffling its façade . It 's an award-winning structure that stands out for its innovative design by Studio Gang Architects . But its construction was well under way before the recession . Now "  we are hearing that there 's more renovation work than construction work -- kind of retrofitting existing buildings rather than building new ones , " Baker said . It might not be the most stimulating work for innovative minds , but at least it 's work in what industry experts say has become an intensely competitive market . Where there were once two or three firms competing for a small project , now there are 20 or 30 as larger firms move in to take whatever jobs they can get . The larger firms might "  rather do a skyscraper , but if they can get a much smaller job they will , to keep the firm going and to keep people employed , " said Robert Campbell , a free-lance architecture critic for The Boston Globe . "  And that drives people out of the field at the bottom who would otherwise have been getting those small jobs . " Many firms have had to lay off employees to stay afloat . According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , employed architects have dropped from an average of 233,000 in the first quarter of 2008 to 217,000 in the first quarter of 2009 and 198,000 in the first quarter of 2010 . George Miller , the president of the AIA and a partner at world-renowned architecture firm Pei Cobb Freed & Partners , worries about the long-term effects this job shortage will have on the industry . "  It 's really difficult , of course in these last several years , for students coming out of school to find appropriate positions in the field , " he said . "  That really concerns all of us because we 're afraid that we 're going to lose a generation of architects . ... There are going to be fewer of us around to do the work that really needs to be done in the future . " What will be the architectural work of the future ? Miller says it will likely be energy-efficient design and a renewed focus on infrastructure , especially in urban areas . "  We 're going to be considering not only the individual building solution , but also the way in which our buildings fit in neighborhoods and communities and regions , " he said . "  We really have to have a plan now that considers the infrastructure of our communities . ... I think if we 're smarter in terms of designing our urban centers , we 'll be more efficient in terms of the utilization of our natural and physical resources . " Experts agree that architecture is a cyclical industry and that the market will eventually rebound . The question is when . "  It 's always been highs and lows , highs and lows , " said Campbell , who is also a registered architect . "  I remember in 1975 I was working for a prominent firm in Harvard Square , and we dropped from 68 -LSB- employees -RSB- to 20 . And that was the oil embargo , ' 74 , and that led to an extremely steep recession but a short one -- not like this one that 's lasted so long . " Some architects think recovery might be around the corner . "  We are seeing the private sector picking up , " said Thomas Fridstein , head of global architecture for AECOM , a provider of technical and management support services . "  I feel like we 've been through the worst , we 've sort of hit the trough of the recession and things are on the upturn . We 've had some major commercial clients contacting us about projects potentially starting up again , so that 's a very positive sign . " It 's a positive sign for the nation , too , because busy architects are a bellwether of economic stability . "  If you do n't design it , you ca n't build it , " Baker said . "  So -LSB- architects -RSB- are really the first step in the process toward seeing a recovery . "	Many architecture firms have laid off workers because of the recession Projects are tough to come by , and they 're often conservative in scope America could "  lose a generation of architects , " one industry expert fears Experts agree the market will eventually rebound ; the question is when
CNN  -- A West Virginia state judge pleaded not guilty to federal conspiracy charges Wednesday for allegedly plotting to frame his secretary 's husband in crimes , after the secretary broke off an affair with the judge . Mingo County Circuit Judge Michael Thornsbury , 57 , was arraigned Wednesday on two counts of conspiracy against rights , according to a federal indictment based on grand jury findings . According to allegations in federal documents unsealed last Thursday , the alleged five-year vendetta included plotting to plant drugs under the husband 's car , recruiting a state trooper to arrest the man on bogus theft charges , and persuading a police officer to arrest him on groundless assault and battery charges , the documents say . "  Judge Thornsbury set off on a campaign to persecute his secretary 's husband , his romantic rival . In the process he corrupted the system of Justice in Mingo County for his own nefarious purposes , " U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin said . His trial date was set for October 15 , and he was released on a $ 10,000 bond . Thornsbury 's attorney , Stephen Jory , declined to comment on the charges . Thornsbury , who had "  engaged in intimate physical contact " with his secretary , according to the indictment , asked her to leave her husband in 2008 . She refused . Michael Callahan , who represents the secretary and her husband , on Friday called the incidents that led up to the indictment a "  terrible abuse of a public office . " Callahan represented the husband in two criminal cases allegedly conjured up by Thornsbury . The charges were dismissed in both cases . "  I represent both RW and KW as they begin the process of putting their lives back together and seek their own justice . At this time , my clients are unwilling to make any public statements or do any interviews , " Callahan said in a statement to CNN . The secretary and her husband were identified in the indictment only by their initials , K.W. and R.W. , respectively . West Virginia state judge faces federal conspiracy charges When the federal charges against Thornsbury were announced , West Virginia 's highest court , the Supreme Court of Appeals , voted to suspend the judge without pay , and also voted to suspend his law license , according to an official news release from the high court . According to the indictment , the conspiracy charges stem from three alleged incidents : â $ cents In 2008 , Thornsbury allegedly tried to have a friend plant illegal drugs in a metal box under the husband 's pickup truck . The friend agreed to do it but never went through with it , according to the indictment . As part of the scheme , the judge had "  purposely cultivated a relationship " with a state trooper , apparently to have the trooper investigate after the drug plant was done , according to the indictment . â $ cents Thornsbury "  repeatedly insisted " that the same state trooper get an arrest warrant for the husband , for supposedly stealing "  scrap mine bits " from the coal company where he worked and selling them . The husband was subsequently arrested , but charges were dismissed . Callahan , the attorney for the husband , said not only did the man have permission to take and sell the scrap bits that were "  refurbished , " then sold back to his company , the company approved of the practice . â $ cents Thornsbury allegedly seized upon an argument between the husband and some of his relatives to cause the arrest of the husband a month after the argument . A family dispute in 2012 led to one of the husband 's relatives pulling a gun outside a convenience store , according to the indictment . The husband called police , and even though investigating officers saw a store videotape of the incident and they concluded the relative was the aggressor , Thornsbury allegedly persuaded another officer to arrest the husband weeks later on charges of assault and battery . Charges were later dismissed . Thornsbury has been Mingo County 's sole circuit judge since 1997 , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Thornsbury was first appointed to the state bench by the then-governor to fill a vacancy 1997 , according to Jennifer Bundy , public information officer for the state Supreme Court of Appeals . Thornsbury subsequently was elected to serve as circuit judge .	Michael Thornsbury , 57 , is arraigned on two counts of conspiracy against rights He 's accused of plotting against his secretary 's husband over a 5-year period Indictment : Plot included drug plant attempt , bogus theft charges , groundless arrest His trial date was set for October 15 , and he was released on a $ 10,000 bond
CNN  -- It 's not news that the national debt presents a daunting challenge . The public debt is growing faster than the economy , a trend that can not be sustained . Even more immediately , at years ' end we will face a $ 7 trillion fiscal cliffâ $ " a series of policies will kick in , from the blunt , across the board spending cuts  or sequester  to the expiration of the tax cuts that would reduce spending and raise taxes so abruptly and mindlessly it would put us back into recession . But ignoring and waiving the policies instead would add additional trillions to the debt and set us up for a fiscal crisis . A fiscal cliff or a mountain of debt . It will require presidential leadership to avoid either threat . While the likely approach will be to replace the slated policies with a gradual debt reduction plan that would bring the deficit down and leave the debt so that it is no longer growing faster than the economy , there are many different ways to achieve this -- all with pros and cons -- and many specifics that need to be filled in . However , the tendency during campaigns , of course , is for politicians to talk about what they promise not to do , rather than own up to the tougher decisions their stewardship would require . Instead of allowing the presidential candidates to duck and bob to avoid specifically saying how they would stem the flow of red ink , what if voters insisted that all presidential candidates directly answer the question , "  how would you fix the debt ? " Quite simply , candidates should not even apply for the job of running the country if they are n't willing to share the details of their approach for fixing the debt . We should devote one of the three presidential debates to the topic of how , specifically , each candidate would change the budget , cut spending , and reform entitlement programs and the tax system to fix the debt . Candidates must debate the debt , not duck it . At the debate , each candidate would present a detailed plan of his preferred approach for reducing the deficit . Any plan should save at least $ 4-6 trillion over the next decade -- the amount most experts have pegged as the minimum needed to stabilize the debt -- or at the very least , a candidate should explain why his plan achieves any less . Both President Barack Obama and Gov. Mitt Romney would have a lot of fleshing out of their plans to do before this debate . Thus far , the president has only offered much smaller plans which are best described as a first step towards dealing with the problem rather than a full-blown plan , while Romney has offered a plan that could get control of the debt but with the bulk of the specifics on the spending cuts and tax breaks he would reduce , left blank , thus leaving none of the critical details filled in . In the debate , the candidates would be led through a discussion of their proposals on defense , domestic spending cuts , reforms to Social Security , Medicare , and other entitlement programs , and taxes , and make the case for their specific proposals . The plans could be scored by outside experts ahead of time so that fuzzy math would n't even enter the discussion . No avoiding the question , no magic asterisks , no talking about the fun parts , like lower tax rates or new investments , without the real work of detailing how they would pay for them . Voters would see beneath the hoods and assess the trade-offs of the different approaches . Certainly , either plan would not be the final word when one of the men becomes president , since it will go though many changes to achieve congressional support . But it would be the start of the conversation . It is unimaginable then that we should be asked to choose a candidate without knowing how they would serve as the country 's fiscal stewards during what experts have called the most predictable and most avoidable , economic crisis in history . And with so many difficult choices to be made quickly after the election , the notion that there will be some kind of mandate for how to proceed if the candidates have n't addressed this issue head on is both highly optimistic and dangerous . The stage afforded by the fall debates is the most viable possibility for compelling the candidates to answer these tough but necessary questions . It 's what they call an adult conversation , and we should give it a try . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maya MacGuineas .	Maya MacGuineas says public debt growing faster than economy ; this ca n't be sustained She says soon U.S. faces a $ 7 trillion cliff as fiscal policies kick in that could spark recession She says candidates should be compelled in a debate to outline plans on cutting debt MacGuineas : Voters ca n't be expected to choose without specific , fact-checked proposal
London  CNN  Tunisia 's ultra-radical fringe has come back to bite a government born out of the most successful experiment in constitutional reform to emerge from the 2011 Arab Spring revolutions . Wednesday 's attack on the Bardo Museum in Tunis was grimly predictable , coming from what the Tunisian Interior Ministry calls a violent ultra-radical Islamist fringe forced underground -- but not crushed -- by security services . Jihadist firebrands representing thousands of active militants at home and abroad have been threatening retribution on Tunisia 's outward-looking , investment-friendly majority . The attack was carried out by two gunmen , believed to have been supported by at least two accomplices . It may torpedo efforts to revive Tunisia 's employment-generating tourism industry and may discourage other big-spending visitors . It will probably lead Tunisians -- who have shown a sage propensity to unite in the face of greatest adversity despite a marked appetite for political bickering -- to support a robust response by elected President Beji Caid Essebsi . The attack adds to the global narrative by which Islamic revolutionaries -- increasingly flying under the flag of the so-called Islamic State  ISIS  -- pose an existential crisis to moderate states , often Western allies , in the Arab world . Tunisia is the sole country to have emerged from an Arab Spring revolution with its political process intact -- current president , Essebsi , who was elected in November 2014 , and his ruling coalition , are the products of a long constitutional process . In four tumultuous years they have competed hard with , but also showed a capacity to work with , opposition parties , led by the "  moderate Islamist " Ennahda , which is represented in government and parliament . Islamists of a very different hue were responsible for the Bardo attack . Local Salafist groups  of whom the best known is Ansar Al-Sharia  as well as multinational units including ISIS have been most effective in recruiting disaffected young Tunisians in the capital 's poorer quarters and in dusty towns of the south and interior , where the original revolution that removed Ben Ali in February 2011 surged up . Legitimate claims for more jobs and resources in these underprivileged areas during the four subsequent years have largely come to nothing , adding to frustrations . Radical jihadists -- some with back bases in Libya and Algeria -- have posed a major security challenge to successive governments , murdering two prominent "  secular " politicians in 2013 . The Tunisian armed forces , supported by Algeria 's more experienced and better equipped military , have been fighting jihadist radicals in the Mount Chaambi region for nearly three years . They have yet to declare final victory , pointing to the resilience of underground groups . While successive governments have acted against radical Salafist groups , thousands of Tunisians have gone underground ; they are widely believed to make up the biggest national group fighting with jihadists in Syria  over 3,000 by many accounts  , and are present in Libya and other failing states . In January 2013 , Tunisians and Libyans made up the majority of jihadists who attacked a strategic gas plant operated by BP and Statoil in southern Algeria . So , the Bardo attackers are a known enemy . Prime Minister Habib Essid has promised a robust security response . But the Tunis tragedy is unlikely to have any immediate impact on the political process . A majority of Tunisians remain foursquare behind preserving "  republican institutions , " even if they vocally disagree on the detail of policy . It will remind Tunisia 's many friends that the country 's transition is brittle , and that Tunis needs commitments of support to become reality , with more military and wider financial assistance , and , above all , investment that can kickstart an economy in the doldrums since 2011 . Massacre at the Bardo places Tunisia more centrally within the global ISIS narrative , which has recently expanded to neighboring Libya . It is a ghastly way to remind the world that Tunisia 's experiment in democratic reform needs all the help it can get .	Jon Marks : Ultra-radical fringe has previously threatened Tunisia 's liberal majority Majority of Tunisians likely to support robust response from president , he writes Attacks a reminder that Tunisia 's transition to democracy is "  brittle , " Marks says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A Pakistani man accused of killing his daughter because she wanted out of an arranged marriage told a judge Tuesday that he had done nothing wrong . Chaudhry Rashid , 54 , later said he was "  very disturbed " and "  not in a state of mind " to talk because of the death of his daughter , Sandeela Kanwal . A somber and tearful Rashid made his first court appearance Tuesday . He was advised through an Urdu interpreter of the murder charge and his legal rights . A judge also admonished Rashid , of Jonesboro , Georgia , to not make any statements without clearing them with his attorney . "  My client is going through a difficult time . As you can imagine , he is distraught , " attorney Tammi Long said after the hearing . When asked about Rashid 's comments in court , Long said her next move was to speak with him in depth . "  We will work diligently to provide the best defense for our client against these charges , " she said . She requested that Rashid 's family be given privacy , but said Rashid is holding up as well as can be expected . Court records indicate that a preliminary hearing in the case has been scheduled for July 24 . Officers found Kanwal dead in an upstairs bedroom of the family 's suburban Atlanta home early Sunday , according to a Clayton County police report . Police discovered possible ligature marks on her body and made note of an iron and a necklace as potential causes of the bruising . Authorities arrived at the home around 2 a.m. , shortly after Rashid 's wife called police . She reported that she had been awakened by screaming but could n't understand the language , the report said . She said she was afraid and left the house to call police . Rashid 's wife told authorities that Kanwal recently had wed in Pakistan in an arranged marriage . The young woman 's husband was living in Chicago , Illinois , police said , but Kanwal remained at her father 's home and worked at a metro Atlanta Wal-Mart for a brief time . "  The victim was not interested in marrying , nor remaining married to her husband , " the police report said , citing information authorities received from Rashid 's wife . "  This was causing a great deal of friction between the victim and her father , " so much so that the two had not spoken in two months , the report said . Watch how an arranged marriage ended in violence " Police found a "  distraught and possibly mournful " Rashid sitting behind a vehicle in the driveway . "  My daughter is dead , " he told police . When asked how she died , police said Rashid did not answer . "  He just dropped his head , " the report states . "  Apparently she and the father had argued over the marriage and the fact that it was arranged , and at some point during the altercation he did end up killing his daughter , " said Clayton County Police spokesman Tim Owens . Neighbor Veronda Luckett said the family had always been "  relatively quiet . " "  They seemed to be decent , lovely people , " she said . "  Honor killings " -- the slaying by family members of a woman or girl thought to be bringing them shame -- are usually kept quiet , making it difficult to determine how frequently they occur . The United Nations Population Fund estimated in September 2000 that as many as 5,000 women and girls fall victim to such killings each year . Ajay Nair , associate dean of multicultural affairs at Columbia University , said many immigrant families struggle over cultural and generational gaps , but that most South Asian communities in the United States enjoy "  wonderful " relationships within their families . "  My immediate reaction was that this is an anomaly in the South Asian American community , " Nair said Tuesday . "  This is n't a rampant problem within South Asian communities . What is a problem , I think , is domestic violence , and that cuts across all communities . " Nair said he believes a "  significant human rights campaign " is needed to address such killings . "  It 's not just a U.S. issue . I think it happens across the world , and I think people need to recognize domestic violence and any kind of violence related to women as a serious , serious issue , " Nair said .	NEW : A tearful Chaudhry Rashid tells judge he has done nothing wrong Rashid is accused of killing daughter , who wanted out of arranged marriage His wife called police Sunday morning after she heard screams
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says he does n't buy all the hype associated with Valentine 's Day . CNN  -- With retailers hurting and the U.S. president trying to encourage Americans to spend money to restore consumer confidence , what I 'm about to say may seem like treason . But here goes : Please boycott Valentine 's Day and all that is associated with this horrendous "  holiday . " For several years I have ripped into Valentine 's Day . Not because I 'm against love and relationships , but mainly because the holiday is such a farce . First of all , Valentine 's Day is not built around a religious event like Christmas or Easter ; nor does it have any special meaning to the nation such as Memorial Day or Veterans Day . It is nothing more than a commercial holiday created by rabid retailers who needed a major shopping day between Christmas and Easter in order to give people a reason to spend money . Now folks , I love my wife . She is truly an awesome woman who is smart , talented , fine , and , did I say fine ? But do I really need a special day to show my affection for her ? I 've long maintained that if I sent my flowers at other times during the year , why do I have to fall victim to peer pressure and send her some roses that have quadrupled in price leading up to February 14 ? Why should I be inundated with mailings , e-mails and commercials to show her that I love her by buying jewelry or clothing ? If we went shopping in June or September or last month , can I get some kind of waiver or "  Get out of Valentine 's Day " card ? As for this silly flower thing , it 's even got to the point that any flowers ca n't do . Some years ago I planned on sending a woman some flowers that were n't roses , and the  female  co-workers were aghast . They felt that nothing mattered except roses . First of all , I did n't have a lot of dough and felt a nice bouquet was sufficient , but they were appalled . So I told them to go to hell and I 'll do what I want . I guess for them , the thought really does n't matter . Then there are the women on the job who measure the love of their men based on those flowers . You know how some folks are . If there are flowers on the desk of 10 other women , and one woman does n't have anything , folks get to talking and whispering as if something is wrong in her relationship . I 've learned that even if you get the biggest-ever rose bouquet -- the relationship might be crumbling and you just refuse to admit it . And Valentine 's Day really is n't even a two-way street . Men are utterly irrelevant except to serve as pawns in this commercial game , emptying their wallets in order to satisfy their lovers or those around them . Oh yea , retailers know the con game . Most of these guys are hapless saps who have ignored their wives or girlfriends all year , so they buy the flowers and candy , and set a reservation at one of the city 's most expensive restaurants , all to say , "  Honey , I love you . " Ladies , and men , stop it ! It 's time to say enough is enough with Valentine 's Day . What do I want ? How about men and women loving , caring and sharing the other 364 days a year ? February 14 is n't the only time to send flowers to your woman  ladies , we would n't mind getting a surprise delivery as well !  . How about dropping her a flower arrangement on May 14 ? And on that card you need to write , "  Just because ... " Instead of men and women spicing up their sex life on February 14 , make the effort to satisfy your mate the rest of the year . If last Valentine 's Day was the last time you took your significant other out to a really nice restaurant , you deserve to be in trouble . Are you planning to treat your man or woman to a wonderful day at the spa this Saturday ? Well , I 'm sure he or she would thoroughly enjoy the same in June or July . It 's time that we all take stock of our relationships and learn that we are to be loving and fulfilled 365 days a year , and not reduce our affection to flowers , candy , jewelry , clothes and a meal on one day a year . The people who plan their lives around Valentine 's are like those who spend more time planning their wedding day rather than planning their marriage . The day is nice and wonderful , but what makes it last is what you do on the "  non-special " days . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Valentine 's Day is good for retailers but it 's a bad idea overall He says overpriced flowers and dinner at a fancy restaurant do n't cut it Martin : Show your love for your mate all 365 days a year
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- A sixth U.S. service member died Friday from injuries sustained when a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in northeastern Italy on Thursday , the U.S. military in Europe said . The helicopter , carrying 11 U.S. military personnel , crashed Thursday afternoon about 22 miles from Aviano , Italy . Four people were killed and seven were injured in the crash , and two of the injured later died , the U.S. military said . Treviso fire officials said one of the dead was a woman , and said no one on the ground was hurt . The U.S. military said the helicopter was an Army H-60 Black Hawk attached to the 1st Battalion , 214th Aviation Regiment . The military was not releasing the names of those killed , pending notification of the victims ' families . Police and fire officials said the craft crashed in an open area near the Piave River north of Treviso , between the towns of Maserata Sul Piave and Santa Lucia Di Piave . Watch scenes of the crash site in northern Italy " The helicopter appeared crumpled and charred in photos from the crash . Italy 's ANSA news agency said the helicopter crashed near the bridge of a major highway and the road was closed as a precaution . ANSA said the helicopter had taken off from Aviano Air Base , but fire authorities could not confirm whether it was leaving or returning to the base . The Black Hawk is considered the workhorse of the military 's helicopter fleet . It is used in missions in Iraq and Afghanistan to carry troops and equipment . The military has employed Black Hawks for about three decades . The helicopter 's first combat mission was about 25 years ago . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Hada Messia and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Four killed in crash ; two people die later of injuries Copter took off from Aviano Air Base , news agency reports Black Hawk helicopter had 11 people aboard
With negotiations for a longer-lasting cease-fire set to begin soon , many Gazans returned to their neighborhoods Tuesday while some remained at shelters not trusting the break in the violence . For now , a 72-hour humanitarian pause is in place , allowing delegations to gather in Cairo , Egypt , to talk about how to make the truce last . For Gaza 's 1.8 million residents it also offered a chance to go to a street market for food and goods , or to check on abandoned homes . For Israel , where more than 2,300 rockets have landed since early July , there was , for a change , no sirens blaring . In Gaza City , one man told CNN he was happy the shooting had stopped , but his problems were just beginning . The man said he could n't understand what he was seeing -- the home his family invested $ 100,000 in , now destroyed . No insurance company will give him money to rebuild , he told CNN . There are no winners in this war , he said . But on Twitter , the Israel Defense Forces declared : "  Mission accomplished . " The IDF said it had destroyed 32 tunnels -- many of which ran under the border into Israel -- during the four-week conflict . Israel says Hamas militants used the tunnels to sneak into Israel for terror attacks . Nearly 1,900 Palestinians have been killed in Gaza during the conflict , according to the Palestinian Health Ministry . It 's unclear how many were militants . The United Nations estimates that about 70 % of the dead were civilians . But the IDF says it estimates about 900 militants were killed . IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said it was a preliminary figure based on field reports from troops returning from battle . Israeli officials have said 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel died in violence . ` Peace ? What peace ? ' After the cease-fire began , residents trickled into Shujaya , an area near Gaza City that experienced some of the most destructive violence of the conflict . They found craters and ruins where homes and shops once stood . People scaled crumbled concrete and twisted metal to rummage for any belongings left in the rubble . Nal Mohammed , a Ph.D. student whose family home was demolished , lamented the situation . "  Peace ? What peace ? We have no home , no water , no power , " he said . "  There is no peace here . " Residents were stunned as they returned to their neighborhoods for the first time since being displaced by the fighting . "  After the cease-fire agreement took effect , the world will now see the level of destruction which should serve as an evidence of the level of crimes of the enemy , " Ismail Haniyeh , a senior leader of Hamas , said in a statement aired on Hamas-run Al-Aqsa television , according to a CNN translation . The conflict has displaced more than 200,000 people across the densely populated territory . Residents are coming back to similar sights -- rubble , ruins , buildings pockmarked by shrapnel . A white-haired man , Hany Mahmoud el Harezen , stood on the roof of his collapsed two-story home . "  I am a wedding photographer , I have nothing to do with this war , " he said . "  Maybe if we had gotten some concessions , it would be worth it . But we got nothing . " For the first time Tuesday , the number of people packed into U.N. shelters decreased , said U.N. official Chris Gunness in Gaza . But not everyone left the U.N. facilities . Others were more pragmatic , thinking it best to wait and see . "  They said there was a truce before and we left , " one man told CNN . "  But five minutes after we got home , the airstrikes started . " Israel released a map noting numerous sites it targeted in Shujaya , which it said "  Hamas used for military purposes . " The IDF said the map showed locations of tunnels , hideouts , rocket firings and launchings , and more . Troop withdrawal "  We have no forces within Gaza , " IDF spokesman Lerner told CNN Tuesday . With its goal of demolishing the tunnels achieved , Israel announced the withdrawal of ground forces for what is supposed to be a three-day cease-fire with Hamas . Israel is implementing the Egyptian-brokered truce , which took effect Tuesday morning , while maintaining "  defensive positions " outside Gaza , the IDF said . Officials from the United Nations and United States , who have been pushing for a cease-fire for weeks , hope that the 72-hour pause will allow negotiations to take place for a more lasting peace . Why are so many civilians dying in Hamas-Israel war ? Meetings in Cairo An Israeli delegation arrived Tuesday evening in Cairo for negotiations , two senior Egyptian government officials told CNN . The officials , who asked not to be named , said they expected indirect negotiations to begin Wednesday , with the Egyptian officials acting as intermediaries . The two sides are not expected to talk directly to each other . Egyptian and Palestinian negotiators had arrived over the weekend . Key to any talks , Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said , is that Hamas must disarm . Hamas leaders say that they want to negotiate an end to the Israeli blockade of Gaza , or at least a body other than the Israelis controlling the borders . Haniyeh , the senior Hamas leader , said his televised statement that Hamas members will work with the Palestinian delegation to end the blockade . Israel : ` The onus is on Hamas ' Israel repeatedly accepted an Egyptian cease-fire proposal during the conflict , which Hamas rejected . Temporary humanitarian cease-fires repeatedly crumbled , with each side blaming the other . "  The onus is on Hamas , " Regev told CNN of the 72-hour truce . "  We are entering this with our eyes open , " he said . "  We have been burnt more than once . " The sentiment was similar from Hamas spokesman Osama Hamdan , who told CNN that as long as Israel honors the agreement , so will the Palestinians . "  We hope they can take it and be committed to a cease-fire , " he said . While Egypt has not released details of the truce , Regev suggested it was the same agreement that Israel has accepted all along . The United States urged both sides to honor the cease-fire agreement . "  The United States has been steadfast in our insistence on an end to rocket and tunnel attacks against Israel and an end to the suffering of the people of Gaza , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  urges the parties to commence , as soon as possible , talks in Cairo on a durable ceasefire and the underlying issues , " his office said in a statement . British minister resigns over Gaza In the latest example of the ripples the conflict has sent around the globe , a British government minister said she was resigning over her country 's policy on Gaza . "  With deep regret I have this morning written to the Prime Minister & tendered my resignation . I can no longer support Govt policy on Gaza , " Sayeeda Warsi , senior minister of state at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , wrote on Twitter . Warsi , a member of the House of Lords and the first Muslim in a British Cabinet , posted a photo of her resignation letter on Twitter .	Israeli , Palestinian delegations in Cairo with Egyptian officials to act as go-betweens Israel says its goal of destroying tunnels has been met "  Peace ? What peace ? " the resident of a shattered Gaza neighborhood asks
CNN  -- Guns , grenades , human skull fragments and a pepper spray disguised as a lipstick -- just a few of the things confiscated by Transportation Security Administration  TSA  officers from travelers in U.S. airports last year . In TSA 's recent blog post : TSA Blog Year in Review : 2013 , TSA blogger Bob Burns reviewed some of the dangerous or unusual items officers confiscated in 2013 as well as some of the creative ways passengers tried to hide them . A total of 1,813 firearms were discovered , 1,477  80 %  of which were loaded . Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , the world 's busiest , topped the chart for gun catches with 111 guns discovered over the year . Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport followed , with 96 guns discovered , while George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston  68 guns  , Pheonix Sky Harbor International Airport  66 guns  and Denver International Airport  51 guns  rounded out the top five . The key message the blog wants to impart is : passengers ca n't fool TSA officers . Deterrent vs detergent "  In what was believed to be an attempt to avoid declaring his firearms , a passenger at Houston  IAH  wrapped two guns in newspaper and placed them in a box of detergent powder in his checked baggage , " wrote TSA blogger Bob Burns . Another passenger was found at Salt Lake City with a non-metallic dagger strung around his neck with fishing wire . A stun gun concealed in a cane and a pepper spray disguised as a lipstick both failed to escape detection by the TSA . The TSA also busted people hiding various kinds of knives . "  Our officers regularly find sword canes , credit card knives , belt buckle knives , comb/brush knives , knives hidden in shoes , knives hidden in thermoses and knives hidden under the bag lining near the handle mechanism , " wrote Burns . Other knife finds included one hidden in an ink pen and a multi-tool inside a computer hard drive . Ninja stars too The TSA also found 562 stun guns , a wood and metal mace , throwing stars and grenades -- both real and replicas . Another takeaway : inert weapons are as confiscable as real ones . That should serve as a lesson for the self-claimed military instructor who carried six inert pressure plates , 20 inert initiators , an inert land mine , inert explosives and two initiation systems in his bag and got detained at Norfolk , Virginia . The only non-weapon mentioned in the review was that of some human skull fragments in clay pots found at Fort Lauderdale in Florida . The passengers claimed they bought the pots without knowing there were skull fragments inside , according to the blog . The TSA Blog was launched in 2008 covering various stories , from Valentine 's Day travel tips to the truth behind the behavior detection officer , the officers who glare at travelers as they pass through a TSA checkpoint .	More than 1,800 guns discovered on fliers last year , according to new TSA report Other smuggled items included knives , ninja stars and human skull fragments Innovative weapons included credit card knives and lipstick pepper spray
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Seven members of an exiled Iranian opposition group have been killed in clashes with Iraqi police at a refugee camp over the past two days , authorities said Wednesday . A woman protests the takeover of Camp Ashraf by Iraqi forces in front of the White House on Wednesday . Security forces attempted to establish security control at Camp Ashraf in Iraq 's Diyala province Tuesday and continued Wednesday to square off with members of the People 's Mujahedeen Organization of Iran . The camp , which has housed Iranians since the mid-1980s , has been a refuge of the People 's Mujahedeen . Regarded as a terrorist group by the United States and Iran , the group allied with Saddam Hussein in Iraq during the 1980s with the goal of toppling the Iranian regime . Since Hussein 's overthrow in 2003 , Iraq has established good relations with the Iranian government . Iran wants to see the camp shut down , and the Iraqi government has said it would close the facility after it got control of the camp from the United States this year . Residents in the camp are concerned about being forcibly turned over to Iran . People there said they would be willing to go back to Iran but only if there are assurances that its members wo n't be mistreated . An Interior Ministry official said that nearly 100 other People 's Mujahedeen members and 45 police officers have been wounded . Maj. Ibrahim Abdullah , riot control commander in Diyala province , said that hundreds of People 's Mujahedeen members fiercely resisted security forces as they tried to enter the camp , using stones , knives and sharp tools to fight them . Abdullah himself had been wounded and spoke from a hospital in Baqouba . People 's Mujahedeen is the largest member of the National Council of Resistance to Iran , an umbrella group of Iranian opposition organizations . The secretariat of the council also confirmed seven deaths since Iraqi forces raided the camp Tuesday . It said Iraqi forces wielding machine guns "  opened fire on the defenseless residents " of the camp Wednesday . It said Iraqis "  demolished all facilities , bungalows and residences " at the camp 's northern wing . The council said camp residents have been shouting "  Allahu Akbar , " which means "  God is great . " "  For what reason were they killed ? " the people chanted . On Tuesday , the council accused the Iraqi police officers of firing pepper gas and beating the refugees while demolishing the walls and fences around the camp . About 3,500 people live at Camp Ashraf , most of them members of the People 's Mujahedeen for about 25 years after fleeing Iran . Also known as Mujahedeen-e-Khalq , the People 's Mujahedeen Organization of Iran was formed to oppose the shah of Iran but fell out of favor with the Islamic Revolution of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini after 1979 . People 's Mujahedeen , an Islamist group that promotes a Marxist government for Iran , for years waged a violent campaign against the fundamentalist Islamic Tehran government , including bombings that killed politicians , judges and Cabinet members .	Security forces try to establish control at Camp Ashraf in Iraq 's Diyala province Interior Ministry : 100 exiled Iranians , 45 police officers have been wounded Camp has housed exiled Iranian opposition members since mid-1980s Iran wants camp shut down ; Iraqi government has said it would close facility
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A Russian-led bloc of post-Soviet nations has agreed to establish a rapid-reaction military force to combat terrorists and respond to regional emergencies , Russian media reported Wednesday . Russian navy soldiers stand guard during a military ceremony . The decision came a day after reports that Kyrgyzstan is planning to close a strategically important U.S. military base that Washington uses to transport troops and supplies into Afghanistan . On Wednesday , the Collective Security Treaty Organization -- made up of Russia , Armenia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan -- decided on the rapid-reaction force at a Kremlin summit , the Russian news agency RIA-Novosti reported . The group 's security council "  spent a long time discussing the central issue of forming collective reaction forces and , generally , of rapid reaction to possible threats , " said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , according to Russian news agency Interfax . "  Everyone agreed that the formation of joint forces is necessary , " he said . Officials told Russian media that all the members had signed the agreement , though Uzbekistan submitted a special provision . Uzbekistan does n't mind contributing military units to the rapid-reaction force "  but does not consider it necessary for the moment " to attach emergency responders , drug-control forces and other special services , organization spokesman Vitaly Strugovets told Interfax . Russian media reported that the force will be used to fight military aggressors , conduct anti-terror operations , battle regional drug trafficking and respond to natural disasters . The force will be based in Russia under a single command , with member nations contributing military units . On Tuesday , Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev announced at a Moscow news conference that "  all due procedures " were being initiated to close Manas Air Base , RIA-Novosti reported . The announcement was made after news reports of a multimillion-dollar aid package from Russia to Kyrgyzstan . Gen. David Petraeus , who oversees U.S. operations in the Middle East and Central Asia , including Afghanistan , was in Kyrgyzstan last month , partly to lobby the government to allow the United States to keep using the base . He said he and Kyrgyz leaders did not discuss "  at all " the possible closure of the base and said local officials told him there was "  no foundation " for news reports about the issue . The United States is planning to send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan to halt a resurgence of the Taliban . Petraeus described Manas as having "  an important role in the deployment of these forces " and in refueling aircraft . The relationship between the United States and Kyrgyzstan was damaged when a Kyrgyz citizen was killed by a U.S. airman in December 2006 . The airman was transferred out of Kyrgyzstan , and the dead man 's family was offered compensation . Petraeus said in January that the investigation was being reopened . As he announced the base closure Tuesday , Bakiyev said he was not satisfied with the inquiry into the accident and his government 's "  inability to provide security to its citizens " was proving a serious concern . Medvedev also weighed in on the issue Wednesday , saying the base closure should n't hamper anti-terrorism operations , according to Interfax . "  It would be great if their numbers meant there were fewer terrorists , but such action depends on other things as well , " he said .	Seven nations agree to form rapid-reaction force Russian media say force will fight terrorism , respond to disasters It will be based in Russia under a single command Report comes after Kyrgyzstan says it will close U.S. base
CNN  -- An Egyptian court has dissolved the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported Saturday -- the government 's latest move against the Islamist movement whose fortunes have plummeted since former President Mohamed Morsy 's ouster last year . The supreme administrative court 's decision dissolves the Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party , which Morsy had once led . The development is another in a string of moves by the current military-backed government to force the Brotherhood underground . Hundreds of its members have been arrested since last year , and many sentenced to death . Morsy himself is in jail and on trial for allegedly inciting murder and other offenses . Egypt 's rulers long suppressed the Islamist movement until 2011 , when protests led to strongman Hosni Mubarak 's ouster . Newly unfettered , Brotherhood members ran for office and Morsy , backed by the Freedom and Justice Party , became Egypt 's first democratically elected president in June 2012 . But he was ousted in a coup about a year later amid widespread protests against his rule , with opponents accusing him of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . Since then , Cairo 's military-installed government has banned the Brotherhood , branding it a terrorist group -- an allegation it denies -- and accusing it of being behind a wave of deadly attacks on the police and military . In June , a court upheld death sentences imposed on Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohammed Badie and 182 of the group 's supporters , who were convicted of taking part in a deadly attack on a police station last year . The men can appeal the verdicts to a higher court . Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , the general who led Morsy 's ouster , was elected President in May after leaving the military to run for the office . Brotherhood supporters say the government that replaced Morsy has returned to Mubarak 's authoritarian practices . Muslim Brotherhood leader , 36 others sentenced to life in Cairo Egypt court sentences hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters to death Egypt court upholds 183 death sentences	This is the latest in a string of moves by government to force Islamist group underground Government had banned Muslim Brotherhood and arrested hundreds of members Brotherhood-backed ex-President Mohamed Morsy was ousted and arrested last year
CNN  -- An Antarctic cruise ship was under way again Wednesday after spending a day slowed by electrical malfunctions in rough weather and crashing cold waves , the organization that promotes the southernmost cruises said . The MV Clelia II was making its way northbound back to Argentina Tuesday when a large wave crashed over the 290-foot ship , "  breaking the starboard bridge window and dousing some electrical circuitry , " the International Association of Antarctica Tour Operators said . "  This caused a temporary loss of communications and affected engine performance , " the organization said . "  Both engines remained operational and speed was reduced . " No passengers were injured , but a member of the crew suffered minor injuries , the group said . Another Antarctic cruise ship , the National Geographic Explorer , stayed with the Clelia II while repairs were made , and the ship resumed its journey across the Drake Passage when the repairs were complete . The association said all 88 of the Clelia 's passengers were Americans and that most of the ship 's 77 crew members were Filipinos . The Clelia II is expected to join with an Argentine channel pilot Thursday evening and arrive in Ushuaia , Argentina , early Friday .	The Clelia II is returning on its own power to Argentina A large wave doused electrical circuitry and broke a bridge window The ship 's engines remained operational but speed was reduced
CNN  -- Three American college students detained in Cairo since Monday night were released from police custody Friday and were headed to the airport to return to the United States , an attorney for one of the men said . The men will board three separate commercial flights to return home , according to Joy Sweeney , the mother of Derrik Sweeney . Theodore Simon , an attorney for the family of Gregory Porter , told CNN that "  his parents anxiously await his return . " The three -- Porter , Sweeney and Luke Gates -- were arrested after being accused of throwing Molotov cocktails in the unrest that has rattled the country since last week . Their release was ordered Thursday . Joy Sweeney said earlier Friday that the paperwork to release the men had been completed . Derrik Sweeney 's father , Kevin Sweeney , told CNN his flight is scheduled to leave Cairo at 10:30 a.m. Saturday  3:30 a.m. ET  and he will arrive in his home state of Missouri on Saturday night . "  He 's extremely excited , " Kevin Sweeney said of his son . The family was planning to hold a belated Thanksgiving meal Sunday . Joy Sweeney said her son told her Wednesday in a telephone call that "  they had done nothing wrong . " All had been attending American University in Cairo on a semester-long , study-abroad program . Sweeney , 19 , is a Georgetown University student from Jefferson City , Missouri ; Porter , 19 , is from Glenside , Pennsylvania , and attends Drexel University in Philadelphia ; and Gates , 21 , of Bloomington , Indiana , goes to Indiana University . Adel Saeed , the general prosecutor 's spokesman , said Wednesday that a bag filled with empty bottles , a bottle of gasoline , a towel and a camera had been found with the three American students . "  They denied the bag belonged to them and said it belonged to two of their friends , " Saeed said . Kevin Sweeney said Friday that his son had been "  falsely accused . " "  He was there observing something that was definitely a phenomenon of the culture , " he said , noting that Derrik , with a dual major in Arabic and psychology , had gone to Egypt "  not just to learn the language -- he wanted to learn the culture . " Now , Sweeney said , his son does not plan to return to Egypt . "  This semester is over for him , whether he 's able to finish it remotely or writes it off , " he said . "  He really does not want to be in Egypt right now . " Sweeney declined to discuss any possible injuries his son sustained while in police custody . He was not aware of the conditions of the other two men . Also Friday , an Egyptian-American filmmaker arrested amid ongoing protests in Cairo was released , her lawyer said . There were no immediate details about the release of documentarian Jehane Noujaim , which was confirmed by her lawyer , Ragia Omran . Film producer Karim Amer said Wednesday that Noujaim -- whose works include "  The Control Room , " about Al-Jazeera and the United States during the early days of the Iraq War -- was arrested while filming near the Interior Ministry building in Cairo . CNN 's Hussein Saddique and Michelle Cumbo contributed to this report	NEW : The father of one student says his son was "  falsely accused " The three students are headed to the airport to return home , a lawyer says An Egyptian-American filmmaker has been released , her lawyer says She was reportedly arrested while filming close to the interior ministry
Santiago de Compostela , Spain  CNN  -- The driver of the train that derailed in northwestern Spain was charged Sunday with 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness and an undetermined number of counts of causing injury by professional recklessness . At least 79 people died as a result of last week 's crash . A court granted the driver , Francisco Jose Garzon , conditional release . His train driver 's license was suspended for six months . He must report to court weekly , and his passport was surrendered . Earlier Sunday , the driver , who was hospitalized for two days while under police guard , was transferred to court , officials said . He was in court for more than five hours . The data recorders from the train are still with police . Questions have focused on the speed at which the train was traveling as it entered a curve in the track near Santiago de Compostela on Wednesday evening . The crash on the outskirts of the city , which is popular with tourists and Christian pilgrims , shocked the Galician region and the rest of the nation . Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz told reporters Saturday there are "  rational indications " that the accident was the fault of the driver . Pressed on what those are , he declined to provide details . 5 questions on high-speed rail Identifying the bodies The crumpled wreckage of the eight cars sent careering onto their sides when the train derailed has been removed from the tracks , but the grim task of identifying the dead continues . Maria Pardo Rios , a spokeswoman for the Galicia regional supreme court , told CNN late Friday that 75 victims had been identified . At least 63 of the dead are Spanish , she said . Also among the fatalities are two U.S. citizens -- Ana-Maria Cordoba of Arlington , Virginia , and Myrta Fariza of Houston -- and some Europeans and Latin Americans . Fariza and her husband were on their way to celebrate a Catholic festival . He was injured and later released from the hospital . "  Myrta was our loving wife , mother , sister , mother-in-law , aunt and friend , and words can not express our sense of loss , " her family said in a statement . "  To all who knew her , Myrta provided irreplaceable love , compassion , courage , friendship and support . We will miss her dearly . " As they are identified , most of the bodies are being returned to their families , the regional justice department said . DNA testing will be conducted on some remains to establish their identity , it said . Police forensic experts said at a news conference Saturday there are 37 body parts that must still be tested to see whether they belong to bodies that have already been identified , or to others not yet known . The death toll rose to at least 79 on Sunday morning when another person died , a representative for the regional health department said . About 70 people who were injured in the crash remained in the hospital Sunday , about 22 of them listed in serious condition , the official said . At least five U.S. citizens were injured , said State Department deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf . Local newspaper La Voz de Galicia said that a funeral service for the victims will take place Monday evening in the cathedral in Santiago de Compostela . Spain train crash victim : ` It felt like a roller coaster ' Going too fast ? Spanish news agency Efe and the national daily El Pais cited sources within the investigation as saying that the driver had said the train was traveling about 190 kilometers per hour  about 120 mph  . Elena Garcia , a spokeswoman for national railway Renfe , did not disclose Friday the speed the train was traveling on an express track , where cars can move as fast as 250 kph . But she said the speed limit for the bend of track where the crash occurred is 80 kph . Rafael Catala , secretary of state for transport and housing , told Spanish radio network Cadena SER that the "  tragedy appears to be linked to the train going too fast , " but that the reasons it was going so fast are not yet known . The express passenger service was nearing the end of a six-hour trip from Madrid to the town of Ferrol in northwest Spain when the crash occurred , the state railway said . Security footage revealed how , as the train hurtled around a bend , its cars derailed and slammed on their sides into a concrete support structure for a bridge . Opinion : Why high-speed rail is safe , smart Flames burst out of one train car as another car was snapped in half . Rescue crews and fellow passengers pulled bodies through broken windows and pried open doors as stunned survivors looked on . Maria Vigo , whose home is on the bank above the rail tracks , told CNN how she heard a crash , then the deafening squeal of metal on concrete . "  When I saw the rail car flip into the air , I imagined something just horrible had happened , " she said . She and husband Suso tried to help the injured , taking bed sheets to wrap around the injured and ropes to haul the survivors off the tracks . Firefighter Miguel Angel Bello said the first four minutes after he arrived on the scene were a desperate race against time . He and fellow firefighters smashed windows and kicked in doors to pull out the passengers trapped inside as rail cars went up in flames . A young girl in the wreckage called out to him . "  She was under wreckage she said she wanted to get out and go home , " he said . "  But she died . " Survivor : We looked like the walking dead Stephen Ward of Bountiful , Utah , who is in Spain serving on a Mormon religious mission , was one of the lucky ones . Still patched up and wearing a neck brace , he told CNN 's New Day show of his ordeal -- and his relief that he made it out alive and without permanent injury . Ward , 18 , blacked out when his car slammed on to its side , regaining consciousness only as he was being helped out of the train . It took him a couple of minutes to grasp that what he was seeing outside was not a dream -- and that people were dead . "  They were helping out other people -- there were bodies , there was screaming , there was smoke . " The survivors looked like the walking dead , he said . "  I 've got staples all over my scalp , I was covered in blood . They 've scrubbed most of it off me now , but everyone was just covered in their own blood and occasionally the blood of others . It was gruesome to say the least . " Another victim , speaking from a hospital bed with his arm in a sling , told CNN affiliate Atlas that it seemed like the train was going fast . "  But we did n't know what was the maximum speed , so I thought it was normal , " he said , "  And suddenly there was a curve , the suitcases fell , and everything went dark . And I hit my head a ton of times , and 10 seconds later I was wedged between seats , and I had people 's legs on top of me . " The derailment came on the eve of a public holiday to celebrate a saint 's day , when more people than usual may have been traveling in the region . Planned festivities in Santiago de Compostela and across Galicia were canceled after the crash . CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Santiago de Compostela and Laura Perez Maestro from Galicia . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Al Goodman , Lindsay Isaac , Jonathan Helman , Catherine E. Shoichet , Elwyn Lopez , Patrick Sung , Jill Dougherty and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	The train driver is charged with 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness He faces an undetermined number of counts of causing injury A court grants him conditional release ; the driver must report weekly At least 79 people died in the train crash near Santiago de Compostela in Galicia
CNN  -- Randy Travis suffered a stroke and underwent surgery to relieve pressure on his brain Wednesday evening , his publicist said . "  Mr. Randy Travis is out of surgery and in critical condition , " the hospital website announced Wednesday night . The stroke is "  a complication of his congestive heart failure " for which he is being treated at The Heart Hospital at Baylor Plano in Texas , Kirt Webster said . "  We will have updates as they become available , " Webster said . "  His family and friends here with him at the hospital request your prayers and support . " Word of his setback came just hours after his doctors said Travis had "  stabilized and he has shown signs of improvement . " The country singer was initially hospitalized Sunday at Baylor Medical Center at McKinney , Texas , "  with a presumptive cardiomyopathy and congestive heart failure , " Dr. William Gray said . Travis , 54 , was transferred to The Heart Hospital at Baylor Plano in Texas on Monday , Dr. Michael Mack said . "  We determined together in a joint decision that a higher level of specialized care was appropriate , and therefore we transferred him to The Heart Hospital , " Mack said . Doctors implanted a device in his heart to help blood flow . The singer "  underwent the placement of an Impella peripheral left ventricular assist device for stabilization prior to transferring hospitals , " Travis spokesman Kirt Webster said in a written statement Tuesday . Opinion : Randy Travis taught me country The Mayo Clinic 's website described the device as "  an implantable mechanical pump that helps pump blood from the lower chambers of your heart to the rest of your body . " Travis ' illness is related to his "  recently acquired viral cardiomyopathy , " Webster said . Travis had recently been on the road , performing in Detroit on June 28 and Chicago on June 29 . He was set to do a show in Deadwood , South Dakota , on Wednesday . He appeared well during business meetings on Friday and Saturday , Webster said . "  Then on Sunday , it hit him . " Viral cardiomyopathy is a disorder where a virus attacks the muscles of the heart , causing the heart to beat slower , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's website . In some cases , the heart can stop , it said . Travis had a tough year in 2012 with arrests for assault and public intoxication , which earned him probation . Travis was at the forefront of the "  New Traditionalist " movement in the 1980s and 1990s , but he faded as the '90s wore on . He made a comeback after turning to gospel music in 1999 . His song "  Three Wooden Crosses " won song of the year in 2003 from both the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music . As one of country music 's top-selling artists , Travis has won seven Grammys , 10 Academy of Country Music awards and 10 American Music Award statuettes . His best-known songs also include "  Forever and Ever , Amen , " "  Diggin ' Up Bones " and "  Deeper Than the Holler . "	NEW : "  Randy Travis is out of surgery and in critical condition , " the hospital says Travis ' stroke is "  a complication of his congestive heart failure " Doctors implanted a device in his heart to help blood flow His illness is related to his "  recently acquired viral cardiomyopathy , " his publicist says
CNN  -- Australia 's cricketers will pay tribute to Jane McGrath at their one-day international against West Indies in St Vincent on Tuesday . Jane McGrath died on Sunday at the age of 42 . The English-born wife of former Australia fast bowler Glenn McGrath , died on Sunday , aged 42 , after a long battle with cancer . The McGraths had two children , James , who is eight , and Holly six . The Australian players will wear pink ribbons and batsmen will use pink grips on their bats . The color pink represents the McGrath Foundation , an organization set up by the McGraths to raise money for the fight against breast cancer . The McGraths were recognized for their charity work this year when they were appointed as Members of the Order of Australia . Australia captain Ricky Ponting said : "  Jane was a wonderful person who fought and maintained grace and dignity during her long-term illness . " Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said : "  Jane was an inspiration , whose legacy will continue to benefit so many others . " Former Australia captain Steve Waugh , best man at the McGrath 's 1999 wedding , said : "  Courage is often associated with feats on a sport field but the true meaning of it lies elsewhere and someone like Jane best exemplifies that . "	Australia 's cricketers are to pay tribute to Jane McGrath The 42-year-old wife of fast bowler Glenn McGrath , die on Sunday She had had a long battle with cancer The players will wear pink ribbons , the color of the McGrath Foundation
CNN  -- Even from the moment they were set down in the Declaration of Independence , Thomas Jefferson 's immortal words "  all men are created equal " have always been awkward and challenging . They 're not awkward and challenging because they 're incorrect . On the contrary , they 're some of the truest words ever put to paper . Instead , they 're awkward and challenging because -- for a nation built by slaves , where only a fraction of the population owned land and even fewer could vote , where an entire gender was held at bay for centuries -- these words were the sand in our collective eye that urged us , always , to be better , fairer and more decent to one another . Stephen Douglas , Abraham Lincoln 's opponent in the historic debates of 1858 , asserted that the Declaration was a contract between Englishmen only . That excluded not only African-Americans and Hispanics but also the Italians , the Swiss , the Asians -- almost anyone but Douglas and a few select friends . Lincoln retorted , "  Why , according to this , not only negroes but white people outside of Great Britain and America are not spoken of in  the Declaration  . ... The French , Germans and other white people of the world are all gone to pot along with the judge 's inferior races . I had thought the Declaration promised something better . " Though he lost that race to Douglas , a greater triumph awaited Lincoln . On his way to his presidential Inaugural , Lincoln stopped in Philadelphia 's Independence Hall and said , "  I have never had a feeling politically that did not spring from the sentiments embodied in the Declaration of Independence . " We are now 237 years into the history of the document that Lincoln so cherished , and even today , Jefferson 's words are still awkward and challenging . We are still realizing the potential of "  all men are created equal . " Equality has come slowly . Less than a hundred years ago , women were finally constitutionally guaranteed the right to vote . Just five years ago , Hillary Clinton became the first woman to make a serious run at the presidency . This March , the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act was approved . Some opposed it or obstructed it because of a provision that would give Indian tribes authority by their own people to bring to justice a perpetrator of violence against a woman . There was also opposition to extending the law to apply to LGBT people and immigrants . Yet despite that opposition , the law finally passed . This week , the U.S. Senate at long last approved a law that has been before Congress in one form or another for decades . The Employment Non-Discrimination Act is a simple bill that would outlaw workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity , protections that are extended to all Americans on the basis of race , age , religion and other categories . The fact that this law does not already exist for the LGBT community will come as a surprise to many Americans . Eighty percent of the public believes that it is already against the law to fire , or refuse to hire , someone because of their gender orientation or identification . As Americans , we trust that Jefferson 's words already apply to everyone , but that dream is not realized . Now , the Senate has brought us one step closer to that goal , offering sweeping bipartisan endorsement to this bill that is supported by broad majorities of Democratic , independent and Republican voters alike . But once again , it appears that the House of Representatives is prepared to stand in the way of progress . Speaker John Boehner said he will probably kill the bill by refusing to bring it to a vote . Boehner 's office is offering three key arguments for stopping this civil rights legislation dead , and each one is more phony than the last . He 's called it a job killer .  Why , then , have more than 100 major corporations -- many in the Fortune 500 -- endorsed it ? And why is the Chamber of Commerce neutral ? He 's said it will increase frivolous lawsuits .  Only if you believe that being able to challenge your boss if he or she fires you strictly because you 're gay is "  frivolous . " And his staff has said this problem is already addressed by existing law .  This one 's just flat-out phony , and they know it . More than half the states in the country lack these protections . Contrast Boehner to another Republican , Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk , who used his first floor speech since suffering a stroke in 2012 to address the issue of workplace discrimination . His speech was halting , but he felt compelled to speak because he "  so passionately " believes in equal rights for all . "  I think it 's particularly appropriate for an Illinois Republican to speak on behalf of this measure , " Kirk said . "  In the true tradition of Everett McKinley Dirksen and Abraham Lincoln , men who gave us the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 13th Amendment to the Constitution . " Even now , in 2013 , there are those in our society who , like Douglas more than a century and a half ago , cling to a narrow and incomplete view of Jefferson 's immortal words and would prefer for only some of us to be granted the full light of equality . But today I still have hope that folks like Kirk on both sides of the aisle , as well as the broad majority of Americans who support this bill , will stand up , like Lincoln before them , and once again expand the circle of liberty to include everyone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Senate passed a law that would end workplace discrimination against gays Donna Brazile says the GOP might thwart the bill in the House She says the Declaration of Independence 's stance on equality rings loud and true Brazile : Congressional Republicans should extend equality to all people
Editor 's note : Annette Gordon-Reed won the 2008 National Book Award for "  The Hemingses of Monticello : An American Family . " A law professor at New York Law School and a history professor at Rutgers University , she will speak at the dedication of a new visitors center Wednesday at Monticello . Annette Gordon-Reed says Thomas Jefferson 's ideals have been a powerful force in American life . CNN  -- Does the legacy of Thomas Jefferson speak to Americans today ? Or perhaps we should ask about Jefferson 's legacies , for there are many . His fingerprints are everywhere . Politics , government , race , slavery -- our third president 's life and words touch on so many aspects of the nation 's journey from rebellious colony to world superpower that it is impossible to understand the country 's history without dealing with him in some fashion . Even today , Jefferson 's name is regularly invoked in the news -- the latest example being writers harking back to the forceful action he took against the Barbary pirates 200 years ago . His soaring language in the Declaration of Independence -- "  all men are created equal " and pronouncement of the right to "  life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness " -- galvanized many during his lifetime . Those words have resonated across the years with diverse groups of Americans seeking to gain full citizenship in the United States . Working-class whites , blacks , women , immigrants , gays -- all have turned to the Declaration as a form of promise , a credo for the nation to live up to . It is particularly interesting to ponder Jefferson 's legacies at this moment in American history . The election of the country 's first African-American president has brought an intense focus on America 's past , specifically the history of relations between the races . Again , it is not possible to consider that history in any serious way without thinking of Jefferson . The great and often remarked-upon paradox is that the man who wrote about the equality of all mankind , and who wrote insightfully and forcefully about the evils of slavery , was also a lifelong slave owner in a racially based slave system . He was not alone in this , of course . Some of the most prominent founders -- including four of the first five presidents -- owned slaves , too . All these men , at various points in their lives , claimed to abhor the institution that provided their sustenance . Jefferson tends to be held to a higher standard on this question largely because he , not George Washington , James Madison or James Monroe , wrote the Declaration of Independence . And , as hard as it may be for some to believe now , he early on developed a reputation as a dangerous radical . There was his attitude toward religion . Jefferson did not believe in the divinity of Jesus Christ and , to the consternation of many , insisted upon the separation of church and state . There is no doubt that he would enthusiastically endorse President Obama 's statement on his recent trip to Turkey that "  one of the great strengths of the United States " is that it does not consider itself "  a Christian nation or a Jewish nation or a Muslim nation . We consider ourselves a nation of citizens who are bound by ideals and a set of values . " And , of course , there was his politics . Jefferson was , in the eyes of many , a "  leveler " bent on destroying all social distinctions ; a move that his detractors felt would eventually lead to the breakdown of racial barriers . Indeed , during the period leading up to the American Civil War , later generations of white Southerners emphatically repudiated Jefferson 's Declaration and , in some cases , the man himself . They knew that whether he truly believed those words or not , the ideas embodied in the Declaration mattered greatly . The logic of Jefferson 's words , the conclusions that one could draw from them , could not be contained . They would transcend their original context and find meaning for generations of Americans yet unborn . Those who feared that outcome -- and those who welcomed it -- were right : Jefferson 's words have made a profound difference . Then there is Jefferson 's life , more specifically the place where he lived it : Monticello , the image on the back of the American nickel . Each year , thousands of people from all over the world make the trip up the 867-foot little mountain to visit a place that was home not only to Jefferson , but to hundreds of enslaved blacks who labored in his fields , plantation industries and house . Indeed , enslaved men and teenage girls shaved off the top of the mountain , digging with their hands and shovels to level the ground to make it ready for Jefferson 's architectural masterpiece . And then , other enslaved people helped build the house and maintained it over the years . Tangled bloodlines are also a part of the Monticello story . Jefferson 's wife , Martha , brought to the mountain the six children her father , John Wayles , had with an enslaved woman named Elizabeth Hemings . Later , long after Martha 's death , one of those children , Sarah  Sally  Hemings , would have children with Jefferson , playing out a common scenario in the plantation South . Many enslaved families lived at Monticello for generations ; some spending far more actual time on the land than Jefferson or any member of his legal white family . Take Betty Brown , a Hemings , though not a child of John Wayles . She came to the mountain in 1772 as the 15-year-old personal maid to Martha . She was , probably , the last person to leave the place , residing there into the 1830s , long after Jefferson 's death and long after his property , including human beings , had been sold to pay the enormous debts on his estate . So Monticello , perhaps the most well-known slave plantation in the world , stands as one of Jefferson 's most important and enduring legacies . It is more than just a white family 's legal residence , a place of arresting beauty . It is a site where some of the most compelling and tragic dramas of American history were played out . Slavery in all its aspects -- forced labor , separated families , the whip , the owners and the owned linked together by slavery 's law and by blood -- can be found there . For many Americans -- most importantly the numerous school children on field trips -- Monticello has been , and will be , their only firsthand experience of an American slave plantation . For that reason , as we have grown and matured as a nation , it has become a place not only to celebrate the contributions and genius of one man -- although there is that , and rightly so . It is a place to learn much and to think hard and intelligently about America 's past -- the awe-inspiring and the awful -- a vista from which to contemplate and prepare for America 's future made possible , in part , by Jefferson 's vision . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Annette Gordon-Reed .	Annette Gordon-Reed : Thomas Jefferson still relevant today She says his words in Declaration of Independence resonate in all kinds of ways His affirmation of freedoms coexisted with his ownership of slaves , she says She says Monticello is a slave plantation and a place to celebrate Jefferson 's ideals
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has properly decided to go to Congress and then the American people this week to reveal his strategy to degrade and destroy the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant  ISIL or ISIS  . To paraphrase former White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , this is a crisis the President should not waste . How individual members of Congress respond to this call should matter and should be a 2014 election issue -- the duck and blame game stops here . Since September 11 , 2001 , the relationship between Congress and the president has collapsed . Following the lead of President George W. Bush , President Obama has used Article II commander-in-chief authorities , plus the quaint and seemingly ancient 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force , or AUMF , to hijack Congress ' constitutional responsibility over war and peace . As a member of Congress , I witnessed the transformation . I was there on 9/11 and a senior member of the House Intelligence Committee . But House Speaker John Boehner , The New York Times recently pointed out , is the only member of House Republican leadership who was in office on the day that changed this country . And Democrats have faced turnover , too ; institutional memory of a time before the 2001 AUMF is fading fast . Speaking to Chuck Todd for "  Meet the Press " this weekend , Obama suggested he has "  the authorization he needs " for the mission he has in mind , - but no one is clear on what authority he 's invoking . Jack Goldsmith , writing for Lawfare , suggested recently that the Obama administration might think it can restart the War Powers clock with each notification it sends to Congress . By this otherworldly interpretation , we are n't fighting a war with ISIL , we 're picking a dozen sequential fights with ISIL  which calls itself the "  Islamic State "  , and will continue doing so until the President decides he has achieved his objectives . With all this going on , it 's no wonder that we 've struggled to craft a coherent response to this depraved band of thugs . There 's a reason Obama does n't feel able to trust this hyper-partisan Congress , but this is a poor way of shaping strategy . It 's also an attitude that blows the War Powers Resolution to pieces and evokes Richard Nixon 's actions in Vietnam . But it does n't have to be this way . A change can start immediately , at no cost to the President . When he speaks with congressional leaders , Obama should -- at the very least -- be explicit about what he believes his authorities to be . Can he strike Syria on his own authority ? Can he keep up the air campaign in Iraq indefinitely by hitting the snooze button on the War Powers alarm every few weeks ? If he believes the answer is yes , Congress deserves to know as much . But if the President believes he has these authorities , he 's setting a very dangerous precedent . He does need a vote -- and he should want it , too . President Obama has an opportunity to unite Congress and the American people behind a cause on which they seem  for a change  to agree . This is not the same country that Obama addressed last year , when Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons came to light . In September 2013 , 55 % of Americans opposed airstrikes against al-Assad even if the President were to secure congressional approval . Today , 60 % of Americans , including majorities in both parties , support air and drone strikes against ISIL in Syria . If the President will explain and defend his plan for countering ISIL , he likely has a congressional and public majority ready to back it . Its outlines are clear : no American boots on the ground ; strikes on ISIL wherever it is  Iraq , Syria , and beyond if necessary  ; sustained support for the Kurds , Syrian opposition fighters , and Iraqi troops on the front lines ; and a coalition of Western and Arab nations dedicated to shepherding ISIL into its grave . This seems to be the fight that President Obama already has in mind . On Tuesday , he should ask congressional leaders for the authority to wage it . On Wednesday , he should be clear about his objectives and the costs , and he should ask the American people for their support . And on Thursday , we should hope to mark a sea change in the way the United States conducts foreign policy . We used to treat these debates with reverence . Describing the vote to authorize the use of military force in the Gulf War , venerable Sen. Robert Byrd said , "  I 've cast 12,822 votes during my 39 years in Congress , but this vote is the most important vote that I shall have cast in my career . " We could use more of that spirit today -- and we 'll need it when the next threat , whatever it may be , rears its head . After all , the current dysfunction is deeper than ISIL . The fact is that this crisis can be an opportunity for both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue . Voters are paying attention . The duck and blame game on this issue is n't good politics -- and it 's reckless policy .	Jane Harman : President Obama is right to go to Congress over ISIS strategy Since 9/11 , relationship between Congress , president has collapsed , Harman says Poll : 60 % of Americans support air and drone strikes against ISIS in Syria Crisis over ISIS can be seen as opportunity to abandon blame-game politics , Harman adds
CNN  -- It 's a bright May morning and the purple-shirted army of tricycle drivers is on the streets of Lagos once again . Eyes trained ahead , they zip past traffic on their specially-modified vehicles , dipping in and out of the Nigerian megacity 's slums . This is the mobile division of Wecyclers , an innovative enterprise using an incentive-based program to help solve Lagos 's acute waste management problem . Every week , the company 's cyclists peddle from door to door in low-income neighborhoods to pick up recyclable trash from registered households . Items like plastic bottles , aluminum cans and plastic sachets are all weighed and logged on site , and from there are taken to a specific sorting area where they 're bagged in order to be sold to recycling factories . In return , participating households receive points via SMS . These can eventually be exchanged for rewards , mainly donated items ranging from bowls and blenders to food products and mobile phone air time . "  Every three months they have opportunity to redeem the points for something , " says Weclycers chief executive Bilikiss Adebiyi-Abiola . "  So we give them really small gifts that just motivate them and encourage them to recycle . " Lagos , a sprawling megacity of more than 18 million people , generates a massive 10,000 metric tons of waste daily , according to the city 's waste management authority . Only 40 % of it is believed to be formally collected , leaving large quantities of rubbish blocking gutters and piling up on streets and outside houses -- a major health and environmental hazard . "  Low income communities are the ones that are more affected , " says Adebiyi-Abiola . "  People  end up living in their waste , so we basically saw that there was a really big need to provide collection services for people that are living in the low-income areas . " Born and bred in Lagos , Adebiyi-Abiola went to the United States at the age of 17 . There , she trained and worked as a computer scientist , before enrolling to MIT for a masters in business administration . It was during that time , while working on a study project focused on the problems faced by people in low-income areas , when she came up with the idea to launch a company offering waste collection and recycling services in her hometown . "  I really love Lagos and I wanted to do something that would give back to it , " says Adebiyi-Abiola . "  For me , the environment is really where it all starts , " she adds . "  When you have a clean environment then you have health , when you have health then you can start thinking about money , jobs and things like that . " Set up just a year and a half ago , Wecyclers has grown today to have some 5,000 households subscribed to its service . The startup has so far collected nearly 300 tons of waste , using a fleet of 16 low-cost cargo bicycles that are creatively designed to transport large cloth sacks of trash . In regards to recycling as a business , however , there are still many challenges faced by Wecyclers , which is yet to make a profit . "  We hope that as we grow and add value to the material we sell , then we hope to see profits come in , " says Adebiyi-Abiola , who employs 31 people . Despite the problems , the entrepreneur has big plans for the future . She says she 's determined to keep on working to expand the service across Lagos and beyond and ultimately help to change people 's attitudes toward waste . "  I want to show the whole world that this is something that can succeed , " says Adebiyi-Abiola . "  That we can create a low-cost way of solving the Nigerian problems , the Lagos problems , here , with Lagos solutions , " she adds . "  To show that we can have ingenuity and innovation here and almost create a movement around waste and make people realize the importance of recycling and the environment -- I 'm already seeing that but I want to see it on a really big scale all across Nigeria . "	Bilikiss Adebiyi-Abiola is the co-founder and CEO of Lagos-based startup Wecyclers The company uses incentives to make Lagos households recycle their waste The Nigerian megacity produces 10,000 metric tons of waste on a daily basis
CNN  -- Conestoga Wood Specialties was founded a half-century ago in a Pennsylvania garage . The Hahn family 's commitment to quality is driven in large part by their Christian faith , which in turn may soon threaten the company 's very existence . That financial and constitutional dynamic is now before the U.S. Supreme Court , in a high-stakes encore to the health care reform law known as Obamacare . The justices will issue their ruling Monday in a dispute involving contraception coverage and religious liberty . "  Our religion is Mennonite ; that is our faith . Our company was founded on that religion as well , " said Conestoga 's President Anthony Hahn , son of the privately held company 's co-founder . "  We feel the government has gone too far in too many instances . It 's been troubling to us as a family . " The modest furniture maker 's pending lawsuit is one of nearly 50 that have been filed in federal courts from various corporations , challenging the birth-control coverage benefits in the law championed by President Barack Obama . That law has come in for separate , fierce political criticism over its rocky public introduction last fall . The court will review provisions in the Affordable Care Act requiring for-profit employers of a certain size to offer insurance benefits for birth control and other reproductive health services without a co-pay . At issue is whether certain companies can refuse to do so on the sincere claim it would violate their owners ' long-established personal beliefs . The justices ' decision could clarify whether businesses have a religious liberty right , or whether such constitutional protections apply only to individuals . A companion legal challenge comes from Hobby Lobby , an Oklahoma-based retail giant that will have more than 700 arts and crafts stores nationwide by year 's end . Both corporations emphasize their desire to operate in harmony with biblical principles while competing in a secular marketplace . That includes their leaders ' publicly stated opposition to abortion . The Supreme Court held oral arguments in the two cases in late March . Under the ACA , financial penalties of up to $ 100 per day , per employee can be levied on firms that refuse to provide comprehensive health coverage . "  The fines and implications are , in my mind , astronomical , " said Hahn , who employs about 1,000 people . "  It 's devastating to any company . " Hobby Lobby , which has about 13,000 workers , estimates the penalty could cost it $ 475 million a year . The church-state issue now in the spotlight involves three-pronged rules negotiated last year between the Obama administration and various outside groups . Under the changes , churches and houses of worship are completely exempt from the contraception mandate . Other nonprofit , religiously affiliated groups , such as church-run hospitals , parochial schools and charities such as the Little Sisters of the Poor , must either offer coverage , or have a third-party insurer provide separate benefits without the employer 's direct involvement . Lawsuits in those cases are pending in several federal appeals courts across the country . The Hobby Lobby and Conestoga claims are in yet another Obamacare category : for-profit corporations claiming a religion-based exemption . These suits follow the high court 's decision two years ago that narrowly upheld the key funding provision of the health care law , a blockbuster ruling affirming that most Americans would be required to purchase insurance or pay a financial penalty , the so-called individual mandate . The constitutional debate now shifts to the separate employer mandates and whether corporations themselves enjoy the same First Amendment rights as individuals . Three federal appeals courts around the country have struck down the contraception coverage rule , while two other appeals courts have upheld it . That "  circuit split " made the upcoming Supreme Court review almost certain . David Green and his family are Hobby Lobby 's owners and say their evangelical Christian beliefs clash with parts of the law 's mandates for comprehensive coverage . They say some of the drugs that would be provided prevent human embryos from being implanted in a woman 's womb , which the Greens equate with abortion . Those drugs include Plan B contraception , which some have called the "  morning after " pill . The large retailer says it already provides coverage for 16 federally approved forms of contraception -- such as condoms and diaphragms -- for its roughly 13,000 employees , who Hobby Lobby says represent a variety of faiths . Hobby Lobby is well known for giving to a variety of charities , for closing its stores every Sunday , and proudly offering Christmas , Easter , and other Christian-themed products . Both the Greens and Hahns sat together in the courtroom for the March arguments , offering little visible reaction to dense questioning aimed at lawyers appearing before the bench . The White House has said it believes a requirement on contraception coverage is "  lawful and essential to women 's health " and expressed confidence the Supreme Court would ultimately agree . Obamacare 's supporters say it does not require individual company owners to personally provide coverage they might object to but instead places that responsibility on the corporate entity . "  Throughout our nation 's history , corporations have been treated differently than individuals when it comes to fundamental , personal rights of conscience and human dignity , " said lawyers for the Constitutional Accountability Center , a progressive public-interest legal group . "  The First Amendment 's free exercise guarantee has always been viewed as a purely personal liberty . " But lawyers representing the Hahns say they deserve freedom from what they call state intrusion into private moral decisions . "  The question in this case is whether all Americans will have religious freedom and will be able to live and do business according to their faith , " said Matt Bowman , senior legal counsel with the Alliance Defending Freedom . "  Or whether the federal government can pick and choose what faith is , who are the faithful , and where and when they can exercise that faith . " A key issue for the justices will be interpreting a 1993 federal law known as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , requiring the government to seek the "  least burdensome " and narrowly tailored means for any law that interferes with religious convictions . Can companies , churches , and universities be included , or do the protections apply only to "  persons ? " As for Conestoga , Anthony Hahn and his wife , Carolyn , believe they are on the right side of the legal and moral argument . They live in Lancaster County with their four children , just down the street from their second-generation kitchen cabinet business , which has expanded over the years , with plants in two other states . Nearby are Anthony 's two brothers -- who also work at the company -- and his parents , Norman and Elizabeth Hahn . Norman and his brother Sam formed the business fifty years ago , almost on a whim . As the family tells it , a local builder essentially dared the men , who were local craftsmen , to install a kitchen in one day . They did , and the builder kept his word and gave the Hahns all of his business . Their once-local clientele has now gone global . "  It 's really not only just for Conestoga . We 're taking a stand for other businesses as well , " said Anthony Hahn about his appeal . "  This is a religious liberty issue that is concerning to us . " Court set to rule on Obamacare contraception mandate 5 questions : Supreme Court and Obamacare on contraception Opinion : How Obamacare can reduce abortions Hobby Lobby : The beliefs behind the battle	A Mennonite company challenged a requirement in Obamacare The requirement invoves birth-control coverage benefits for employees The family-owned Conestoga Wood Specialties firm opposes having to do that "  We feel the government has gone too far in too many instances , " says the firm 's president
Brasilia , Brazil  CNN  -- With just a little more than a week until the first kickoff of the 2014 World Cup , Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff hosted a dinner for international journalists and countered criticism that too much money was spent on stadiums while infrastructure projects languished . Rousseff told her guests that many of the country 's ambitious infrastructure plans were never intended to be finished for the World Cup , but the mega sporting event was simply used as an excuse to get projects off the ground . "  Nobody builds a metro in two years , " she said on the a terrace of the presidential residence , Palacio da Alvorada , designed by renowned Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer . Of the 143 billion reais  $ 63 billion  earmarked for infrastructure projects , only 8 to 9 billion reais were meant to be used specifically during the Cup . "  The rest is n't for the Cup , it 's for Brazil , " she said . With the June 12 kickoff just around the corner , Brazil has seen a series of protests and strikes against World Cup projects , as well as criticism over construction delays and cost overruns . Drug gangs rule favelas away from World Cup crackdown But Rousseff said Brazilians would start to go football crazy as soon as the national team steps on the pitch in the inaugural match against Croatia . She pointed to a 49 % jump in the sales of televisions as a sign that Brazilians were anxiously awaiting the event . "  That 's how we watch the games . Not in the stadium . We get everyone together in front of the biggest TV , " she said . "  If Brazil wins , we go to the street . " The President fielded questions and told stories over a buffet dinner that featured Brazilian beef , French wine , a traditional seafood stew known as muqueca and tapioca ice cream -- although she skipped dessert herself . When asked whether she thought it was a mistake to host World Cup matches in 12 different cities instead of the minimum eight cities required by FIFA , Rousseff said the international football association chose the cities and added that now was not the time to ask what could have been done differently . FIFA has always said Brazil insisted on the 12 cities to ensure the whole country was involved in the World Cup . It 's a delicate moment for Rousseff , who will run for a second term in October 's presidential elections . For many Brazilians , the success of the World Cup and even of the Brazilian team are tied up with her electoral prospects . Rousseff is the favorite , but her margin has steadily declined , making it highly likely that there will be a runoff vote . A survey released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center found 72 % of Brazilians were "  dissatisfied with the way things are going in their country " and 61 % said they thought hosting the World Cup "  was a bad thing " because it took money away from schools , health care and other public services . At the Tuesday night dinner , Rousseff said she did n't think the World Cup should be politicized and even went on to talk about her time as a political prisoner during the Brazilian dictatorship , something she rarely discusses . "  I spent the 1970 World Cup in jail . I think something like a World Cup is independent from politics , " she said . A victory for the Brazil squad would be a success for the country , not for her presidency or her party , she said . Rousseff also reiterated her view that the recent demonstrations were a sign of a functioning democracy and said they would be allowed as long as there was n't any vandalism , violence or attempts to disrupt the games . Over the leisurely dinner that lasted for more than three hours , the President also talked about some of her favorite TV series -- "  Downton Abbey " and the first two seasons of "  House of Cards " -- and authors , such as Jane Austen and Leonardo Padura . The President appeared relaxed and smiling throughout the evening , even telling the table of journalists about the time she "  escaped " on the back of a red Harley-Davidson with a friend and drove around Brasilia unbeknownst to her security detail . Rousseff said she has high hopes for Brazil in the Cup and plans to attend the opening and closing ceremonies , but will watch the other games on TV . And if Brazil 's football archenemy Argentina were to win ? "  You would hear the biggest silence in the country , " she said . "  But I do n't think it will happen . " INTERACTIVE : Brazil by the numbers INTERACTIVE : The football team that defected CNN MONEY : Sex motels get busy for Brazil World Cup	Brazil 's President defends World Cup construction projects She says most of money earmarked for construction is for country 's infrastructure President Dilma Rousseff hosted a dinner for journalists , shared personal stories She is running for a second term in October
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- "  I feel a deep sense of regret , I could n't protect my own child , " Nur Hamida said . "  He had to go out on the street to work . " As she speaks , she cradles her youngest child , rocking slowly back and forth . She used to have another son , 9-year-old Ardiansyah . He sang in the streets for money , like many impoverished children . One day in January , Ardiansyah 's 5-year-old brother came back home without him . A few hours later , Hamida heard horrifying news about a mutilated child : Authorities were trying to locate the head . She instantly knew something was wrong with Ardiansyah . "  I asked some guy on the street if he knows how old this mutilated kid was . I was crying when I asked the question , " she said . Hamida became frantic . "  I started looking around under the bridge trying to find the head of this child , " she said . "  I told my husband , this mutilated kid is our son . I did n't know for sure , but my heart was just telling me that it was my son . I kept saying ` where 's the head , where 's the head ' as I search through the grass . " The investigation led the police to a middle-aged cigarette vendor -- Baikuni . Police say he confessed to everything . "  He had asked Ardiansyah to have sex with him , " said police spokesman Boy Rafli Amar . "  When Ardiansyah refused , he got angry and strangled him . He sodomized Ardiansyah after he killed him . " Ardiansyah was not the only victim . Authorities say he confessed to raping and murdering at least 14 boys dating back to 1995 . Baikuni 's lawyer said he will not contest the charges . Baikuni was no stranger to the community or his victims . He was nicknamed "  Babe " -- which means father -- and was known for his kindness toward street children . He would regularly bring them in off the streets , provide them a comfortable place to sleep and eat . No one suspected that this fatherly figure would be the same man police say was a serial rapist and murderer . This case has shocked the Indonesian capital because serial killings , especially those involving children , are rare . But it has catapulted the plight of the estimated 12,000 street kids in Jakarta into public view . "  Ninety percent of the time the reason these kids end up on the street is the parents ' financial condition , " said Agusman , who owns a shelter for street children . "  Rarely do we find parents intentionally sending their kids to the street . They have no other choice but to have their kids fend for themselves . " At Agusman 's shelter , a group of boys jams on a drum set and a couple of old guitars . They are some of Ardiansyah 's friends , all sharing in the dream of becoming famous rock stars . All the boys spent time at Baikuni 's house . "  It was always nice to stay at his house , " one of the boys said . "  I met a lot of my friends there . " He said Baikuni would bathe them , but like a father . He said Baikuni never molested him , but he was approached by numerous others on the street . The boys at the shelter say they were shocked and terrified when they found out what happened to Ardiansyah . Agusman said the problem is that Indonesian street children are especially vulnerable since there are no laws to protect them . Someone like Baikuni can set up a make shift shelter and not be questioned by the community or the police . "  We do n't want to ban people from trying to go good , " he said . "  But the government needs to set some sort of a regulation for this kind of activity . " He also said the many poor families could n't focus on their children or give them enough love and attention . Ardiansyah , for example , was one of six children , living crammed in a single room . The family was struggling to survive . His mother said she trusted Baikuni , that he was like a brother to her . "  I have so many kids , I was happy to have someone there to help and care for one of my kids , " she said . "  I never suspected that he would do anything bad . My son was not the only kid who stayed at his house . I just told him to keep my son safe . "	An estimated 12,000 street kids live in Jakarta Police : Man admits to killing at least 14 boys Activist : Parents forced to send kids on streets to work Man 's lawyer says he will not contest the charges
CNN  -- A two-time world lawn bowls champion has been banned from top-level competition and fined after being found guilty of match-fixing . Gary Lawson , one of New Zealand 's most successful bowlers with a joint-record 10 national titles , has been suspended for six months and fined $ NZ5 ,000  $ 3,500  following an incident at a tournament last year . It means he is likely to miss out on selection for this year 's Commonwealth Games in India . The New Zealand fours team , of which Lawson was the leader , was accused by Canada of deliberately losing a match against Thailand at the Asia Pacific Championships in Kuala Lumpur last August . New Zealand were defeated 17-15 , having already qualified for post-section play , and Canada alleged the Kiwis lost on purpose to earn a more favorable quarterfinal draw . The subsequent investigation has caused a furore in a genteel sport most often seen as a recreational pursuit for retirees . Lawson 's teammates Jamie Hill , Shayne Sincock and Shannon McIlroy were fined $ NZ1 ,000 each  $ 700  but avoided a suspension . A Bowls NZ judicial committee laid the blame at the 43-year-old Lawson 's feet . "  He was the skip and was literally and figuratively calling the shots . We are satisfied that the idea to lose the 17th end would have come from him , " it said in a statement on Wednesday . "  From what evidence we have , it is our opinion that once the Canadian complaint was referred to it , Bowls NZ not only proceeded with due expedition with the only course available to it but also was at pains through its counsel to provide all other requirements in a timely manner . "  The delays that occurred subsequently were to a very large degree brought about in an effort to make sure that the respondents , at each stage of the proceedings , were not denied natural justice . " Lawson , who won two world titles on home soil in 2009 , last month blamed Bowls NZ chief executive Kerry Clark for blowing the incident out of proportion . "  The Canadians needed to beat Thailand otherwise they were going to miss out on the quarters . When it did n't happen , they put a protest in . But it was always an informal protest and they did n't want it to go further , " he told Radio Sport . "  Kerry Clark turned up the next day , and he 's the guy who pushed it -- he pushed it at World Bowls level with coach Dave Edwards , and at the end of the day it got blown way out of proportion . "  This is about Kerry Clark himself -- he does n't like me and I think he has n't done a very good job . It 's just a shame he 's used this to have a crack at me . "	Two-time world lawn bowls champion Gary Lawson banned from top-level competition Lawson also fined after being found guilty of match-fixing at tournament last year His New Zealand fours team was accused of deliberately losing to Thailand Canada complained that Kiwis had done so to earn a more favorable quarterfinal draw
The passageway that zigzagged underground between San Diego and Tijuana , Mexico , was so sophisticated that officials call it a "  super tunnel . " The drug tunnel stretched the length of nearly six football fields and had lighting , ventilation and an electric rail system , authorities said Thursday . It was 35 feet deep , 4 feet tall and 3 feet wide . And it was built by one of Mexico 's most notorious criminal organizations , the Sinaloa cartel , U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy told reporters . And now three people are in custody and could face federal charges after investigators seized more than 8 tons of marijuana and 325 pounds of cocaine linked to the tunnel , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said in a statement . Word of the detentions comes a day after investigators shut down what they described as the newly completed and "  highly sophisticated " tunnel , which connected a warehouse in Mexico with another warehouse in a California industrial park . Duffy said that authorities have a message for cartels tied to drug tunnels . "  If you continue to build and attempt to use these tunnels , we are determined to make this a big waste of your dirty money , " she said . "  Not only will we take your drugs and shut down your tunnels before you even get an opportunity to use them , but we 're now in a position where we 're going after your management . " Prosecutors are reviewing charges against the detained individuals and expect they will be filed later Thursday , according to Duffy . The discovery was made by the San Diego Tunnel Task Force , which includes members of ICE , U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Drug Enforcement Administration . Authorities compared the find to other "  super tunnels " discovered along the border in recent years . "  It was just two years ago , November 2011 , that we discovered and shut down two elaborate super tunnels like the one here today , " Duffy said . "  And at the time we did so , we stood before you and we warned the cartels directly . If you build them , we 're going find them , and if we find them , we 're going to destroy them . Today , we again make good on that promise . " The Sinaloa cartel , named after the Mexican state where the gang was formed , is one of the most powerful drug-trafficking groups in the nation . Leader Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman 's nickname , which means "  shorty , " matches his 5-foot-6-inch frame , though he has climbed to great heights in the drug smuggling business . Forbes magazine has estimated that "  El Chapo " is worth $ 1 billion . The U.S. Treasury Department has declared him the most influential trafficker in the world , and Mexican authorities have been on his tail since his 2001 escape from a Mexican prison in a laundry cart . Officials said the drugs seized as part of this week 's tunnel investigation had an estimated street value of nearly $ 12 million .	Authorities say seized drugs had a street value of nearly $ 12 million Officials describe the underground passageway as a "  super tunnel " Authorities say three people were detained after the tunnel was found U.S. prosecutor : The tunnel was built by Mexico 's Sinaloa cartel
Washington  CNN  -- As the House and the Senate debated and passed budgets recently , one person was notably absent from the debate : President Barack Obama . For the fourth time in five years , the president is late submitting his budget to Congress . So late , in fact , this year both the House and Senate were forced to move forward without him , rendering the president 's budget request completely irrelevant . Unfortunately , the president 's tardiness is reflective of his fundamental lack of seriousness when it comes to budgeting . Families and businesses have to ensure that their spending , including their debt payments , does n't exceed their income , but the president acts as if he does n't think that should apply to the federal government . Recently , when speaking about his budget  which the White House says will be out next week , a full two months after the deadline  , the president said that he did n't want "  to chase a balanced budget just for the sake of balance . " Well , perhaps he should chase a balanced budget for the sake of our economy . For four years now , the president 's agenda has been out-of-control spending , massive tax hikes on Americans and burdensome regulations on job creators . Since the president took office , we 've seen more than $ 1.7 trillion in new tax hikes , $ 518 billion in new regulations , and $ 6 trillion added to the national debt . The impact of those policies has not been pretty . Economic growth under this president has averaged just 0.8 % . That is n't anywhere close to the 5 % growth needed for a real recovery . While it 's certainly true that the president inherited a bad economy , it 's important to note that he inherited it more than four years ago . What has he been doing since ? Let 's put this in perspective . Ronald Reagan inherited a bad economy . But Reagan put in place growth-oriented economic policies such as fundamental tax reform and fewer regulations , which turned the economy around . During the Reagan recovery , the economy grew nearly three times as fast as it has under Obama 's watch . During the fourth year of Reagan 's presidency , the economy experienced robust 7.2 % growth . In contrast , the fourth year of Obama 's presidency produced economic growth of just 2.2 % . If the Obama recovery were as strong as Reagan 's , our economy would be $ 1.5 trillion larger today -- meaning more jobs , more opportunity , and more take-home pay for Americans . The fact is Obama 's spending , tax and regulatory policies are smothering economic recovery , jobs and opportunity . Just take the president 's $ 2.6 trillion health care overhaul signed into law three years ago . The Federal Reserve recently issued a report stating employers in several regions are laying off workers and cutting back on new hires as a direct result of the president 's health care law . Four years into the president 's term , 12 million Americans are still out of work and the labor force participation rate has declined to 63.5 % . Americans are becoming so discouraged in the Obama economy that they simply stop looking for work . If the labor force participation rate today were the same as when the president took office , the real unemployment rate would be 10.7 % . Yet despite the abysmal failures of the president 's policies , he continues to argue for more of the same . It 's time to try something new : Time to balance the budget , rein in Washington 's dangerous levels of spending and unleash economic growth by expanding energy production being held back by the Obama administration , such as the Keystone XL pipeline . It 's time to cut excessive government red tape strangling our small businesses and to truly reform our tax code to make rates lower and fairer for all Americans . We should be taking an honest look at the relationship between the president 's policies and economic growth . The president 's tax hikes , runaway spending and onslaught of new and burdensome regulations are preventing a real economic recovery . It 's time for the president to get out of the way of the American people and let our economy take off . It 's time to do better than 0.8 % growth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Thune .	Sen. John Thune : President Obama is late submitting budget to Congress He says White House is n't serious about government living by a budget He says higher taxes , more regulations , higher debt are hurting economic recovery Thune : Recovery from recession under Obama is much slower than under Reagan
CNN  -- The owners of Manchester United , Red Football Joint Venture , have announced huge losses for the last financial year . United 's parent company -- which is owned by the Glazer family -- have confirmed losses of $ 178 million according to their latest accounts filed at Companies House . The accounts also reveal the deficit includes some one-off costs incurred by the Glazers , following the setting-up of the $ 861 million bond scheme last year to replace the bank loans they obtained to purchase the club . United , who currently lead the English Premier League table by five points , also suffered a drop in income from the sale of players . The previous year 's accounts recorded a $ 35m profit following the $ 130m sale of winger Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid . Meanwhile , respected magazine France Football have published their list of the highest-paid players in the world , with Lionel Messi taking over from David Beckham at the top of the earnings table . Barcelona maestro Messi earned a remarkable $ 48 million in the last financial year , ahead of Beckham -- who has been first or second in each of the last nine years . Beckham earned $ 44 million , while Ronaldo and his Madrid teammate Kaka took third and fourth place in the list . Thierry Henry , Ronaldinho , Carlos Tevez , Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Frank Lampard and Samuel Eto'o completed the top 10 .	The owners of Manchester United announce huge losses for the last financial year Red Football Joint Venture confirm a deficit of $ 178 million up to April 2010 Lionel Messi takes over from David Beckham at the top of the players ' earnings table Messi earned $ 48 million according to a report in France Football magazine
CNN  To any parents who are anti-vaccine -- or perhaps better described as vaccine-hesitant -- let me say first that I can relate . When I had my first daughter nearly nine years ago , like probably a good number of new moms , I was irrationally worried about my child 's safety  yes , I checked to make sure she was breathing every night !  . I closely followed online discussions about most parenting decisions , so I was well aware of that now infamous report , which claimed to find a link between autism and what we call the MMR vaccine  it stands for measles , mumps and rubella  . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : Vaccines are a matter of fact Eight years ago , when it was time for my daughter to get her first MMR shot , I kind of freaked . I expressed my fears to my pediatrician , who is a big believer in homeopathic remedies , to give you a sense of how liberal she can be when it comes to modern medicine . What is your message to those who do n't vaccinate ? "  It is totally safe . The science is sound , " she assured me . I remember her saying words to that effect , but my mom gut was n't totally convinced . To placate me , she said we could do the shots separately . Instead of one vaccine , my daughter braved three different shots for measles , mumps and rubella .  She will have my head when she reads this ! A few years later , that report was officially discredited , debunked , you name it . When my younger daughter was scheduled for her first MMR shot , my worries were dramatically reduced -- so much so that I did n't insist that we separate the vaccine into three different shots . I had the doctor give her the whole shebang . While I struggled years earlier with the decision , I never truly considered not vaccinating my daughter . With a measles outbreak that is now getting national attention , I am convinced I made the right call . The unvaccinated , by the numbers But I 'm not an expert , just another parent looking to do what 's best for my child . So I reached out to a number of infectious disease experts , people who have no financial or political stake in the debate other than to ensure the safety of our children , to ask them one simple question : Why should parents vaccinate their kids ? The diseases are still around Tara Smith , associate professor of epidemiology at Kent State University , points out how the diseases we vaccinate against such as measles , while rare , still exist in the United States . "  The diseases are much worse than any potential side effect from the vaccines , so for me it 's a risk-benefit , " said Smith , who has vaccinated her three children , ages 15 years old , 12 years old and 13 months . Vaccines work , but some parents choose not to use them "  I would much rather have my children get the vaccine than the disease itself . " People might not realize that measles is not just fever and rash , said Dr. Celine Gounder , an infectious diseases and public health specialist . "  Measles is also pneumonia , brain infection , it 's the leading cause of childhood blindness in the world , " said Gounder , who added that some parents who do n't want to vaccinate want to avoid anything that 's not natural for their kids . "  If you want to do something natural , vaccination is far more natural than if your child ends up on a ventilator or needing antibiotics or if they end up with a brain infection so if you are trying to balance what 's the most natural way to take care of your child , I would say measles vaccine is pretty high up there . " Dr. Paul Offit , director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , told the story of a boy whose parents claimed their religion prohibited them from getting vaccines . At age 1 , the boy developed pneumonia and meningitis caused by a type of streptococcal bacteria that the vaccine protects against , so had he been vaccinated , he would not likely have gotten ill , according to Offit . Measles outbreak : Different states , different rules on vaccinations The boy is currently alive but will never see , speak , walk or hear again , he said . "  He will live in a vegetative state probably for five years until he dies from something else . Basically , we snuffed out potentially a 75-year-old perfectly normal life because of a false concern that vaccines would do harm , or in their misguided notion that somehow religion teaches us anything other than we should care for our children , " said Offit , author of "  Bad Medicine : When Religious Beliefs Undermine Modern Medicine , " set to be released next month . Other children are at risk A mother who is vaccine-anxious , though still vaccinating her children -- albeit on a very spread out time line -- told me she should have the right to do what she wants regarding her children . Theoretically , if my children are vaccinated , then what she does or does not do with her kids should have no impact whatsoever on my child . But that 's totally incorrect , the experts say . When people do n't vaccinate their children , they increase the risk for people in the population who ca n't be vaccinated , such as infants under age 1 , children and adults with weak immune systems and people with cancer . "  Right now , what we 're seeing a resurgence of , besides measles , is whooping cough , which is especially deadly in infants who are too young to be vaccinated . So , you are not only putting your own children at risk but potentially putting others in the community at risk from that , " said Smith , who also leads an emerging infections laboratory at Kent State . Smith also says people who have been vaccinated are slightly at risk . "  Like anything in the world , there 's no 100 % guarantee , " said Smith . For example , she said the measles vaccine is 99 % effective , which means one in 100 who receives two doses of the vaccine could still get the disease . Measles puts Congress on the spot Offit , who is also professor of pediatrics in the division of infectious diseases at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , says while we have n't had a case of polio in the United States since the 1970s , it still exists around the world . "  So is it possible that people who are asymptomatically shedding polio virus walk into this country ? I think it happens all the time , " he said . "  And if enough people choose not to vaccinate , then these diseases come back and that 's what we 're seeing . " Gounder also cites the financial costs to the community if diseases like measles continue to spread . "  We 're also all taxpayers and the amount of resources that are now being used in California per se as a result of the Disneyland outbreak , there 's a tremendous amount of resources to track down everybody who 's been in contact with those cases , " she said . "  If you end up on a ventilator in intensive care because you have measles , if you have a brain infection that causes lifelong brain damage , that 's a burden on all of us . " Saying ` you should vaccinate ' does n't work But the message that parents should vaccinate their children , a message that has been growing louder and louder in recent weeks , does n't necessarily seem to be working , all of the experts I spoke with said . Telling parents what they should do may just have them dig their heels in deeper in their anti-vaccine approach to their children . What 's needed , said Offit , is more conversation parent to parent . It 's not doctors versus parents , he said , Doctors are parents too . Paul , Christie show support for voluntary vaccines "  What I do is basically say , ` When you love your child , you bring your child to us to care for your child . By saying you do n't want to get vaccines , you are asking me to practice substandard care , ' " said Offit . ' " ` You are asking me to send your child out into a world that is becoming progressively more dangerous . It 's an unloving thing to do . It 's a dangerous thing to do . Please do n't put me in that position . ' " Smith says she tries to tell her story as a scientist and as a parent . "  I have three children , and they are all fully vaccinated , including a 13-month-old at home  who  just recently got his MMR and his chicken pox vaccine , " she said . "  I acknowledge as parents we all just want to do what 's best for our kids , there 's no doubting that , but what I feel is best is to follow the science . And I feel very secure in that science as a scientist . " More disease = more vaccinations Sadly , what may get more people to get on board and start vaccinating their children is more disease itself . Offit recalled how his parents did n't need to be convinced to be vaccinated because when they were young , teens died of diptheria , whooping cough killed 8,000 people a year and people got paralysis from polio . "  But for my children , who are 22 and 20 , they not only do n't see these  diseases  , they did n't grow up with these diseases , " said Offit . "  For all the talking we do , nothing talks louder than the virus itself or the disease . " "  And that 's what you are seeing now , " said Offit . People who have been on the fence about getting the measles vaccine themselves or getting the vaccine for their children are starting to get vaccinated because now they fear the disease , he said . "  It 's too bad it has to come to that because it 's always the children who suffer our ignorance and that 's certainly the truth here . " Do you think children should be vaccinated ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	CNN 's Kelly Wallace once worried about having her daughter get the measles vaccine Wallace asked medical experts why parents should vaccinate their children The experts cite the safety of each family 's children and the community at large
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Members of the military may get expedited treatment at airport security checkpoints under a law signed Tuesday by President Obama . The law , authored by Rep. Chip Cravaack , R-Minnesota , requires the Transportation Security Administration to study ways to speed up screening of service members and , to the extent possible , their families , when the service members are in uniform and traveling on orders . Cravaack , a 24-year Navy veteran and former Northwest Airlines pilot , was inspired to introduce the bill after witnessing a soldier remove his boots while going through security at the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport . "  It seemed way too excessive for someone who was obviously a patriot serving his country , " said the congressman 's spokesman , Michael Bars . The new law was signed just days after two incidents involving the same soldier at airports in North Carolina and Texas . According to court records , Trey Scott Atwater , a 30-year-old Army Green Beret , had a military smoke grenade in his bag when he was leaving Fayetteville , North Carolina , on Christmas Eve headed for Texas . He was allowed to continue on his trip . On Saturday , he was arrested at Midland International Airport in Texas on his return trip when TSA screeners found an undisclosed amount of C-4 explosives in his bag . Authorities said Atwater did not have a detonator and initiator , that it would not have been possible to detonate the explosives , and that it did not appear he was up to anything nefarious . It was not immediately clear how any checkpoint changes would impact cases like Atwater 's . Bars said the new law is intended to expedite screening , but not reduce security . Currently , the TSA expedites screening for trusted travelers by dedicating a special line for them , and by allowing them to keep their shoes on and keep laptops in their carry-on bags . The new law says the TSA should establish guidelines for screening travelers in military uniforms and combat boots , and consider incorporating military personnel into trusted traveler programs that give preference to passengers who undergo pre-screening . Nothing in the law prohibits additional screening of the service member if intelligence or law enforcement information indicates that additional screening is necessary . In November , TSA Administrator John Pistole told CNN that he was already working on ways to expedite screening for service members . The TSA was starting to tests its ability to scan military ID cards , known as "  Common Access Cards , " at a regional airport in Monterey , CA . Pistole said the TSA test would not immediately result in quicker screening for service members . But if tests are successful , "  we hope to expand that to airports that would have a large number of military personnel traveling through them , " he said . Supporters of the initiative said that by expediting the screening of military personnel , the TSA will have more time to focus on unknown travelers who could present a higher risk . "	A new law requires the TSA to study ways of speeding screening of military personnel President Obama signed the law on Tuesday The already is testing card scanning for military personnel Expediting military means the TSA can focus on higher-risk travelers , supporters say
New York  CNN  -- A male model suspected of killing a prominent Portuguese journalist in his posh Manhattan hotel room was undergoing a psychiatric evaluation Saturday at New York City 's Bellevue Hospital , according to an NYPD law enforcement source . Carlos Antonio De Castro , 65 , was found dead in his room at the InterContinental Hotel in New York on Friday , according to the source . He was a Portuguese reporter and columnist . Police say 20-year-old Renato Seabra , a Portuguese model , was in custody Saturday after he was spotted leaving another New York hospital where he received treatment for lacerations to his wrists . Police arrested him and transported him to Bellevue . Castro 's body was found after an acquaintance appeared at the hotel asking to see him , saying she had been in contact with him earlier in the day but was unable to reach him for some time , according to the law enforcement source . Hotel employees made the grisly discovery a short time later . Castro was found bludgeoned and castrated , the source said . Castro and Seabra were staying together at the hotel , another police source said . Castro was most recently a gossip columnist for the Portuguese newspaper Correio da Manha . Seabra was a recent finalist on a Portuguese model-search television show called "  A Procura de um Sonho . " It was unclear why the two men were in New York . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : The victim and suspect were staying at the hotel together , police source says The victim is identified as Carlos Antonio De Castro , a Portuguese journalist He was found bludgeoned and castrated , the source says Renato Seabra , a Portuguese model , is suspected in the killing
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic has had plenty to say about the blue clay at the Madrid Masters and he was in no mood to change his mind after a minor scare on his first competitive outing on the new surface . The world No. 1 thought the players should have been consulted on Madrid 's decision to depart from the traditional red clay and the Serbian cut a frustrated figure as he beat Spanish qualifier Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6-2 3-6 6-2 . "  It 's impossible to move , " he was quoted as telling reporters by AFP . "  I hit maybe five balls , the rest went just trying to put the ball into the court . "  I was relying on serve and getting free points from his unforced errors . That was not tennis , either I need football shoes or some advice on how to play on this court . "  I can not find the words to describe this court . It 's really tough to play like this on a center court . We need serious discussion about the future of this blue clay . "  We can not change anything this year , but my first impressions are not good . I do n't want to be the one complaining , but I say honestly what I feel . " Djokovic 's victory was his first outing since he lost to Rafael Nadal in the Monte Carlo Masters and his win set up a third round clash with either Jurgen Melzer or Stanislas Wawrinka . No. 6 seed Tomas Berdych , from the Czech Republic , defeated South Africa 's Kevin Anderson 6-4 6-3 while Aregntina 's Juan Martin Del Potro , who won the Estoril Open last week , toppled Florian Mayer 6-4 6-2 . There were also victories for French trio Gilles Simon , Gael Monfils and Richard Gasquet . In the women 's draw the top two seeds , Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova , both made it safely into round three . Azarenka , the world No. 1 , beat the Czech Republic 's Andrea Hlavackova 6-3 7-6 before having her say on the blue clay surface . "  The surface is a bit slippery , but it 's the same for all of us , " the Belarusian told reporters . "  I do n't like to complain -- it is what it is and it wo n't change now . " Sharapova , striving to complete a major slam with victory at the French Open later this month , also toppled a Czech opponent , Klara Zakopalova 6-4 6-3 . "  It 's not so much about the color , " she told a press conference . "  It does look good on television . But it plays a bit different . "  It 's about the amount of clay on the court and the way it bounces . I got settled in so it 's just a matter of adjusting . It 's also the same for everyone . " Serbian Ana Ivanovic , the No. 13 seed , also made it into round three after beating Nadia Petrova , from Russia , 7-5 6-1 .	Novak Djokovic unhappy with Madrid 's blue clay surface after second-round win World No. 1 beats Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6-2 3-6 6-2 but criticizes surface Tomas Berdych and Juan Martin Del Potro also enjoy victories in Spanish capital Top two seeds Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova victorious in women 's draw
CNN  -- San Francisco on Wednesday threatened to sue Nevada over the practice of "  patient dumping , " in which the state allegedly sent hundreds of indigent mentally ill patients on one-way trips to California . In a letter to Nevada 's state attorney general , San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera threatened a class-action lawsuit , saying Nevada 's state-run psychiatric hospital Rawson-Neal sent two dozen patients to his city and hundreds more to other spots in California without any arrangements for care once they arrived . "  As part of my office 's investigation , we have obtained the names of the almost 500 patients whom Rawson-Neal discharged and sent by Greyhound bus to California since April 2008 , " Herrera says in his letter to Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto . Herrera said San Francisco has spent at least $ 500,000 on medical care , housing and subsistence grants for the patients since they arrived from Rawson-Neal . A spokeswoman for the Nevada attorney general 's office , Jennifer Lopez , said the office received the letter and was working on the matter . "  We can not comment further on pending litigation , " she said . The Sacramento Bee newspaper first reported on the practice in March when it told the story of former Rawson-Neal patient James Flavy Coy Brown , 48 , who was sent on a 15-hour bus ride to Sacramento despite knowing no one in the area , never having visited , and having no arrangements for his care , housing , or medical treatment . Rawson-Neal put Brown in a taxi to the Greyhound bus station with a one-way ticket , snacks , and a three-day supply of medication to treat his schizophrenia , depression and anxiety , the paper reported . Brown said he was told to call 911 when he arrived . He was "  completely confused " with no idea why he was sent to Sacramento , a social services worker told the Bee . Brown disappeared in Sacramento , according to the newspaper , and his whereabouts remain unknown . In April , after reports that Rawson-Neal bused more than 1,500 psychiatric patients to locations across the United States , Herrera 's office launched an investigation to find out whether any of the 31 Greyhound bus tickets the hospital bought for trips to San Francisco were for improperly discharged patients , a statement from the city attorney said . The investigation discovered 24 patients were sent to San Francisco , including some who made multiple trips , and that 20 sought and received emergency medical care once they arrived , Herrera 's office said . That was just San Francisco , however . Herrera 's office said it later found that 500 Rawson-Neal patients were sent to locations throughout California . The alleged busing of patients "  unlawfully burdened California local government resources ... in order to provide care and services which Nevada was legally obligated to provide to its own indigent residents , " Herrera 's office said in a statement . "  While our prospective litigation asserts the rights of California taxpayers , it 's equally necessary to protect society 's most vulnerable from continued institutional abuse , " Herrera said . "  Homeless psychiatric patients are particularly defenseless from the kind of lawless ` patient dumping ' practices Nevada officials engaged in . " Herrera said Nevada can avoid a lawsuit if it reimburses California local governments for the cost of taking care of the patients and adopts binding protocols to end the busing practice , his office said . Nevada must respond to the offer by September 9 . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	San Francisco says Nevada gave mental patients a one-way ticket It says 500 patients were sent to California , including 24 to San Francisco Nevada 's state attorney general refuses comment San Francisco seeks compensation for the patients ' medical care
CNN  -- Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich pledged Thursday to make his country "  a bridge between East and West " after being sworn into office in Kiev . Yanukovich , who was ousted from office in 2004 in the pro-West "  Orange Revolution , " beat Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko in a bitterly fought election earlier this month that has left the country deeply divided . Yanukovich enjoys support among the Russian-speaking people living in eastern Ukraine , while Tymoshenko is mainly supported by the Ukrainian speakers in the western part of the country . There is concern Yanukovich will move the former Soviet state more closely into Moscow 's orbit and many fear further political turmoil . But in his inaugural address , Yanukovich said it was in Ukraine 's interest to build close relations with Russia , the European Union and the U.S. "  Being a bridge between East and West , an integral part of Europe and the former Soviet Union at the same time , Ukraine will choose a foreign policy that will allow our country to get the most out of the development of equal and mutually beneficial relations with Russia , the European Union , the United States and other countries that influence development in the world , " he said . Yanukovich also said he would put Ukraine on a "  path of accelerated development " to save Ukraine from socio-economic collapse and called for cooperation between president , parliament and government . In one of his first action as presidents , Yanukovich said he had reduced the costs of maintaining a presidential administration by 20 percent . The money saved would go to the fifth of Ukrainians living in poverty , according to a statement from his office . Yanukovich was declared the winner of the presidential election in 2004 , but the legitimacy of the vote was questioned and he faced accusations of stealing the race . Yanukovich 's win was annulled following the Orange Revolution uprising , with former President Victor Yushchenko winning the revote . Tymoshenko stood alongside Yushchenko during the Orange Revolution , but later political infighting broke down their alliance . In a recent interview with CNN , Yanukovich attributed his dramatic comeback to the current economic situation , saying people voted for him because they believe he can improve the economy . "  I want to tell the people of Ukraine ... we will repay the arrears of wages and pensions , what the current government never managed to do , " he said Thursday . "  Given the dire situation in public finances , we will do this by reducing the costs of  the  bureaucratic system . We will start with ourselves . "	Yanukovich pledges to make country "  a bridge between East and West " Yanukovich won bitterly contested presidential election earlier this month President returns to power after being ousted in 2004 Orange Revolution Yanukovich pledges to put Ukraine on "  path of accelerated development "
Protesters in New York City sang "  justice carols " and demonstrators in several cities held more die-ins Sunday to show their anger over a grand jury 's decision to not indict a police officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner . In New York City , a few hundred protesters gathered again at Grand Central station and Macy 's in Herald Square -- sites of multiple die-ins over the past few days -- before barging through the nearby Toys R Us to lie on the floor en masse . One young couple made the event a family affair , lying on the floor with their toddler between them . A group went to Penn Station to sing "  justice carols , " such as these lyrics to the tune of "  Little Drummer Boy : " "  Help , he told them , pa rum pum pum pum , I can not breathe , you see , pa rum pum pum pum , Our city 's finest bring , pa rum pum pum pum , Death to this human being . " The mother of Eric Garner said Sunday she 's proud people protesting the death of her son have been peaceful for the most part . "  The riots have been so beautiful , so nicely done , " Gwen Carr said at her church on Staten Island , according to CNN affiliate NY1 . "  And peace is the message . We do n't want any violence but keep on moving on . " In Chicago , about 250 people gathered at Saint Sabina Church to chant "  black lives matter " before lying down in silence , reported CNN affiliate WGN . "  I 'll be wearing black and invite members to do so as well , as a sign of mourning for those who have lost their lives to violence , " the Rev. Michael Pfleger of Saint Sabina said in a statement before the event . St. Louis Rams jerseys burned In Imperial , Missouri , a group held a different kind of protest Sunday . They burned St. Louis Rams football jerseys because they 're unhappy five players ran onto the field last Sunday making the hands-up-don ` t-shoot gesture , according to CNN affiliate KSDK . That gesture has become part of anti-police demonstrations following a grand jury 's decision not to indict anybody in the Michael Brown slaying , "  Why would you do something like that ? It 's utterly ridiculous , " said Larry Magee . "  I think the Rams ought to pack their bags , and I 'll give them a plane ticket back to L.A. " Early Sunday , protests turned violent in northern California when some masked demonstrators smashed windows while others pelted officers with rocks and bottles , authorities said . Police said about 200 people were on Berkeley streets for another day of protests over a grand jury decision not to indict New York City Officer Daniel Pantaleo for Garner 's death on July 17 . But as some broke windows at businesses in the city , other protesters implored them to stop the violence . Police in riot gear lined the streets while others hovered nearby on motorbikes . They warned crowds to disperse , but some vandalized various businesses , including a Trader Joe 's and a Wells Fargo Bank , police said . Authorities used teargas to break up the crowds , said Jennifer Coats , a spokeswoman for the Berkeley Police Department . "  A small portion of protesters have been violent . They started throwing rocks and other projectiles at our officers , " Coats said . Two officers suffered minor injuries as a result , including one who was treated for a dislocated shoulder . Garner 's mother to protesters : ` Keep on doing it , but do it in peace ' Nationwide protests Protesters have taken to the streets nationwide . "  What 's happening in these cities in these last several days is incredibly important to show we have a unified voice , " said Judi Flournoy , who was participating in a New York protest . In New York , the victim 's widow , Esaw Garner Snipes , has said watching the mass of demonstrators from her Staten Island home brings tears to her eyes . She said she told her son , "  Look at all the love your father is getting . " On Saturday , dozens of protesters staged "  die ins " -- lying down on the ground in memory of Garner -- at Grand Central Station in Manhattan and Union Station in Washington . Meanwhile , New York officials said complaints against police officers fell significantly in the second half of the year , compared with July to November 2013 . A report that tallied complaints said 1,813 were made so far since July 1 of this year , 26 % fewer than the number of complaints filed with the Civilian Complaint Review Board in the same period of the prior year . Excessive force allegations fell by 29 % . The dip followed a slight rise in the first six months of the year , the report said . But overall , allegations have declined in 2014 . Eric Garner 's neighbors talk about justice , racism on Staten Island	Protesters sing anti-police songs set to Christmas carols More die-ins held in New York City and Chicago Eric Garner 's mother : "  We do n't want any violence but keep on moving on " In California , some smash windows at nearby businesses
Venice , Italy  CNN  -- George Clooney , the man long considered one of Hollywood 's most eligible bachelors , followed up his private wedding to British human rights attorney Amal Alamuddin with a civil ceremony in Venice , Italy , on Monday . Clooney , 53 , and Alamuddin , 36 , arrived at Venice 's city hall -- the Ca ' Farsetti palazzo -- in a water taxi appropriately named "  Amore , " or "  Love . " Venetian authorities stopped pedestrian and boat traffic in the area for the ceremony . Clooney wore a gray suit and dark tie , while Alamuddin was dressed in flowing cream trousers , a cream top with a blue border and a wide-brimmed matching hat . The couple spent about 10 minutes inside the venue before boating to their hotel , with well-wishers lining the canal . Rai , Italian state television , later reported that they had left Venice on a private jet , heading for London -- leaving "  Amore " free for other visitors to the city . Private ceremony Celebrities , paparazzi and the world 's media congregated in Venice for Clooney and Alamuddin 's widely anticipated nuptials . Their private ceremony on Saturday was marked with a star-studded bash at the Aman Canal Grande Venice resort , housed in the 16th-century Palazzo Papadopoli . Clooney also arrived by motorboat to that ceremony , waving to the sound of "  George , auguri ! " as Venetians offered their best wishes . Plenty of paparazzi , cameramen and photographers were on the docks facing the Aman Canal Grande . Others were going up and down the Grand Canal on taxi boats . The first celebrity guests to arrive were also caught on camera in the city famed for romance , notably actor Matt Damon , American Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour and supermodel Cindy Crawford . "  I guess this is , as Dean Martin put it , ` That 's Amore , ' the land of love , " said a tourist visiting Venice from Canada , referring to the late crooner 's signature song . "  Yes , my heart is broken but I 'm excited , " his partner said with a smile . The actor and his then-fiancee were also photographed Friday cruising the sun-dappled canals of Venice ahead of their big day . Why Venice ? Clooney revealed earlier this month at a celebrity charity event in Tuscany , Italy , that he and Alamuddin would be tying the knot in Venice . According to People magazine , Clooney was receiving a humanitarian award at the black-tie gala , and said during his acceptance speech , "  I met my lovely bride-to-be here in Italy , whom I will be marrying , in a couple of weeks , in Venice , of all places . " Since they became engaged in the spring , Clooney and Alamuddin have been largely protective of their relationship . When a Daily Mail report claimed that Clooney and his Lebanese future mother-in-law , Baria Alamuddin , were at odds , Clooney blasted the publication with a first-person piece in USA Today , and then refused to accept the Daily Mail 's subsequent apology . Laura Smith-Spark reported from London and Erin McLaughlin and Livia Borghese reported from Venice for this article .	Actor George Clooney legally marries lawyer Amal Alamuddin in Venice The civil ceremony follows the couple 's private wedding n the Italian city on Saturday A-listers and paparazzi converge on Venice for Clooney 's wedding celebrations Clooney and Alamuddin travel the canals on a boat named "  Amore " -- or Love
