CNN  -- Mitt Romney and Hillary Clinton have dueling opinion pieces about foreign policy in The Washington Post on Friday , but neither former presidential candidate appeared to take a stand on the current debate dominating the foreign policy arena : how to deal with ISIS . Reviewing former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger 's book "  World Order , " Clinton writes that she and President Barack Obama share a similar world view as Kissinger , one that 's rooted in "  a belief in the indispensability of continued American leadership in service of a just and liberal order . " Showing off its crimes : How ISIS flaunts its brutality as propaganda Clinton , who 's thinking about another run for president in 2016 , argues that what makes the country a leader is not only its military strength but its "  soft power " -- its values , relationships and diplomacy . She likes to call it "  smart power . " While she does n't mention the emerging crisis related to ISIS , she writes , "  it 's time for another of our great debates about what America means to the world and what the world means to America . " "  We need to have an honest conversation together -- all of us -- about the costs and imperatives of global leadership , and what it really takes to keep our country safe and strong , " the Democrat writes . Romney , in his op-ed , argues that the dominating force that keeps the U.S. on top is its military strength and that one ca n't equate that with soft-power values . Widely seen as the GOP 's party elder , Romney warns that decreasing military budgets can lead to disastrous outcomes . "  The most ludicrous excuse for shrinking our military derives from the president 's thinking : ` Things are much less dangerous now than they were 20 years ago , 25 years ago or 30 years ago . ' The ` safer world ' trial balloon has been punctured by recent events in Ukraine , Afghanistan , Libya , Egypt , Gaza , Nigeria , Somalia , Syria and Iraq , " the 2012 GOP nominee writes . " ` Failures of imagination ' led to tragedy 13 years ago ; today , no imagination is required to picture what would descend on the United States if we let down our guard , " he continues . Former Boston man may be helping with chilling ISIS social media , source says While both spell out a general sense of their ideas on American leadership , neither offers a clear position on the current dilemma over how Obama should go about dismantling ISIS , the Islamist militant group seeking to create a "  caliphate " in the Middle East . "  We have Hillary Clinton sort of arguing in the abstract for this sort of pragmatism , and interestingly aligning herself with the legacy of Henry Kissinger ... but she does n't give any answer , she does n't take sides on any of the debates going on , " Molly Ball of The Atlantic said Friday on CNN 's "  Inside Politics with John King . " "  And Romney is the same way , " she continues . "  He 's saying we should n't cut the military . Well , that 's not the debate we 're having right now . " The dueling op-eds also set the stage for the next two political cycles . On CNN , King asked whether foreign policy would become the major conversation driver in the midterm elections and become the early big topic in the 2016 debate . Ball argued that it will probably be "  background noise " in the upcoming elections but wo n't be a decisive factor , as most races will still be based on the economy and state-specific issues . "  But absolutely , this is going to be the debate in 2016 , especially with Hillary Clinton at the center of it , " she said . Jackie Kucinich of The Washington Post said , "  Traditionally , voters do n't really vote on foreign policy , and you wonder if Hillary Clinton , as a candidate potentially , if that 's going to change , " she added .	Mitt Romney and Hillary Clinton offer differing viewpoints on foreign policy Both have previously run for president , and Clinton is thinking about running in 2016 Political observers expect foreign policy to be a leading topic in upcoming elections
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- Anders Behring Breivik , who admits killing 77 people in Norway last summer , has been asked to stop raising his fist in salute each morning at his trial , his lawyer said Wednesday . "  We will just have to hope that he respects that wish tomorrow . Either he will or he wo n't . There 's nothing that we can order him to do , " said the lawyer , Geir Lippestad . Lawyers for the victims of the massacre made the request , he said . Breivik , who boasts of being an ultra-nationalist who killed his victims to fight multi-culturalism in Norway , was in good spirits on the third day of his trial Wednesday , Lippestad said . "  I would say he 's always in a good mood , " Lippestad told reporters after the day 's legal proceedings . Breivik was questioned in court about having met other ultra-nationalists in Liberia and London up to nine years before his rampage , and was somewhat evasive , reporters who attended the trial said . Prosecutor Inga Bejer Engh said there was evidence to prove he had visited both places . Breivik boasted Tuesday that he had carried out "  the most sophisticated and spectacular political attack in Europe since World War II " when he carried out his gun-and-bomb rampage . And he would do it again if he had the chance , "  because offenses against my people and my fellow partisans are in many ways as bad , " Breivik told the court on the second day of his trial . He planned his killings as a suicide attack , he said . "  I did n't expect to survive that day , " he said . Breivik faces trial on charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror in the July 22 attacks . Eight people died in a bombing in central Oslo , then 69 people were systematically gunned down at a youth camp on nearby Utoya Island . Breivik testified Tuesday and Wednesday after declaring Monday that he had carried out the massacre but was not guilty because the killings had been necessary . He was allowed to read a prepared statement in court Tuesday , taking considerably longer than the 30 minutes he was allotted . He rejected what he said would be prosecution efforts to portray him as a "  pathetic and mean loser " and an "  antisocial psychopath . " He said he represented a "  European resistance movement " and "  Europeans who do n't want our ethnic rights to be taken away . " Lippestad said Breivik 's statement was "  hard to hear , and it is difficult to understand . " But he said it was important to the trial , since his client wants people to see him as sane . "  It is probably because of his ideology and his thoughts about why he has done what he has done , " Lippestad said . "  He thinks that it wo n't have any effect if he is considered insane . " Breivik 's trial is expected to last up to 10 weeks . A court translator initially said Breivik was claiming self-defense as the justification , but court officials corrected that Tuesday , saying the correct legal term was "  necessity . " Experts have given different opinions about Breivik 's sanity , which will be a factor in determining what punishment he receives if convicted . Sentencing options could include imprisonment or confining him to a mental facility . Norway does not have the death penalty . Under examination by prosecutors , he claimed to be linked to two other individuals in Norway who are associated with the so-called Knights Templar ultranationalist movement . He said "  militant nationalists " had drawn tactical inspiration from Osama bin Laden 's terror network . "  We 've taken a bit from al Qaeda and militant Islamists , including the glorification of martyrdom " and organization into one-man cells , Breivik said . He denied that what he called the "  militant nationalist " movement was evil . "  We do n't act to be evil . We 're trying to save our nations , our ethnic group and our culture , " he said . His testimony is not being broadcast due to a court ruling . Most of the relatives of the victims did not want Breivik 's remarks televised , and presiding Judge Wenche Elizabeth Arntzen rejected Breivik 's claim that airing it was a human right . Court papers indicated the five judges hearing the case did not want the trial to become a platform for Breivik to air his political views , or for them to distract from the legal issues involved . Breivik says his rampage was meant to save Norway from being taken over by multicultural forces and to prevent ethnic cleansing of Norwegians . In a 1,500-page manifesto attributed to him , Breivik railed against Muslim immigration and European liberalism -- including the ruling Labour Party , which he said was allowing the "  Islamification of Europe . " CNN 's Diana Magnay , Per Nyberg and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Anders Behring Breivik can not be forced to stop raising his fist , his attorney says He is always in a good mood , defense lawyer Geir Lippestad says He admits killing 77 people in a gun-and-bomb rampage , calling it "  necessary " The court rejects Breivik 's request for televised testimony
CNN  The owner of a Chinese restaurant in Nairobi , Kenya has been arrested following an uproar over its policy of banning African customers at night , according to reports . Owner Zhao Yang was arrested for operating a restaurant without a valid license shortly after local press ran a story alleging that Kenyan reporters were turned away from the restaurant -- for being African . Kenya 's Daily Nation newspaper carried a story Monday that its reporters had been barred entry to the restaurant , being told by a guard at the entrance that "  the time for Africans is over " when the journalists arrived at 7 p.m. Only locals accompanied by Chinese , European or Indian patrons would be admitted , the newspaper reported . It also reported that two local politicians , "  loyal patrons " Nairobi Senator Mike Sonko and former Cabinet Minister Raphael Tuju , had been admitted , the latter being a friend of the owner . Kenyan social media users were quickly up in arms about the ban , taking to Facebook and Twitter to voice their displeasure , using the hashtag #noblacksallowed . The establishment , known only as Chinese Restaurant , in the Kilimani neighborhood of Nairobi , has subsequently been closed after it transpired that it lacked several necessary licenses , said reports . The Daily Nation reported that the Chinese-owned eatery lacked liquor , health or change-of-use licences -- the latter needed as the property had been converted from a residence to a restaurant . Co-owner and restaurant manager Esther Zhao told the newspaper that the "  no Africans at night " policy had its roots in security concerns . "  We do n't admit Africans that we do n't know because you never know who is Al-Shabaab and who is n't , " she said , referencing the Islamist militant group that is active in Kenya and neighboring Somalia . "  It is not like it is written on somebody 's face that they are a thug armed with a gun , " she said . The restaurant 's owners appeared to admit culpability in a statement reproduced in the newspaper . "  Because of the concern of the business environment at night and the bad memory of  a robbery in  2013 , we adopted certain measures . Unfortunately , some of the measures were inappropriate , we sincerely apologize for this , " the management said in a statement . China is the largest outside investor in African economies but resentment against Chinese in Kenya and other African nations is significant as many Africans often regard Chinese businesses as , in the words of one Chinese journalist , "  resource predators " or "  environmental vandals . " One Kenyan reporter commenting on the restaurant 's ban likened the policy to a new form of colonialism in Africa . There is this Chinese restaurant next to Nairobi hospital and my two colleagues Patrick Mayoyo and Dennis Onsarigo and ...	A Chinese-owned restaurant in Nairobi was criticized for having discriminatory policies barring black Africans Owner arrested after licensing violations discovered Restaurant shut down by county officials Kenyan Twitter and Facebook users criticized the establishment
CNN  -- At least five homes were destroyed after a tornado touched down in western Oklahoma Monday evening , authorities said . There were no reports of injuries . Other homes were damaged , and power was out to about 900 residences in and around the city of Hammon in Roger Mills County , Oklahoma , Michelann Ooten of the Department of Emergency Management said . Roger Mills officials continued to assess the damage , but all residents appear to be accounted for , Ooten said . The tornado hit about 5:30 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  , said Ken Gallant , lead forecaster for the National Weather Service in Norman , Oklahoma . The thunderstorms that produced the conditions for the tornado weakened shortly afterward and a tornado warning was canceled , Gallant said . Jerry Dean , county commissioner of Roger Mills , said the county barn was among the structures destroyed . Area residents had time to prepare before the tornado hit , Dean said . He could see the tornado coming before going into a cellar to wait it out , he said .	At least five homes were destroyed after the tornado touched down Other homes were damaged , and power was out in Hammon , Oklahoma County barn in Roger Mills County was among the structures destroyed
DIXVILLE NOTCH , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama emerged victorious in the first election returns of the 2008 presidential race , winning 15 of 21 votes cast in Dixville Notch , New Hampshire . People in the isolated village in New Hampshire 's northeast corner voted just after midnight Tuesday . It was the first time since 1968 that the village leaned Democratic in an election . Obama 's rival , Republican John McCain , won 6 votes . A full 100 percent of registered voters in the village cast ballots . And the votes did n't take long to tally . The town , home to around 75 residents , has opened its polls shortly after midnight each election day since 1960 , drawing national media attention for being the first place in the country to make its presidential preferences known . However , since 1996 , another small New Hampshire town -- Hart 's Location -- reinstated its practice from the 1940s and also began opening its polls at midnight . The result in Dixville Notch is hardly a reliable bellwether for the eventual winner of the White House or even the result statewide . Though New Hampshire is a perennial swing state , Dixville Notch -- until now -- had consistently leaned Republican . The last Democrat it picked was Hubert Humphrey over Richard Nixon in 1968 . President Bush won the town in a landslide in the last two elections : He captured 73 percent of the vote in 2004  19 residents picked Bush while six preferred Sen. John Kerry  , and secured 80 percent of the vote in 2000  21 votes for Bush , five votes for Al Gore . But villagers expected the results to be close this year given Democrats now outnumber Republicans there . The town picked both John McCain and Barack Obama for the New Hampshire Democratic and Republican primaries in January . McCain ultimately won the state of New Hampshire , while Sen. Hillary Clinton upset Obama there .	NEW : The results -- 15 votes for Obama , six for McCain Dixville Notch , New Hampshire , residents cast the first votes on Election Day Voters began casting their ballots at 12 a.m. Tuesday morning The town has hardly been a reliable bellwether for picking the president
Editor 's note : Sherrilyn Ifill is a professor of law at the University of Maryland School of Law and a civil rights lawyer who specializes in voting rights and political participation . She is the author of "  On the Courthouse Lawn : Confronting the Legacy of Lynching in the 21st Century , " and is a regular contributor to The Root at http://www.theroot.com/ . Sherrilyn Ifill says Sonia Sotomayor 's speech was an honest effort to describe how judges rule on cases . CNN  -- When Don Imus denigrated in clearly racist terms the championship women 's basketball team from Rutgers University ; when actor Michael Richards screamed at black guests in a comedy club , calling them the "  n-word " and invoking the threat of lynching ; when Trent Lott said that things would have been better if a southern segregationist had been elected president a half-century earlier , responsible white people from across the ideological spectrum stepped forward to explain that these individuals were not racist . The "  R " word has become the taboo of the white world . By this I mean that calling someone racist is a taboo , not racism itself . So when Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich and several other conservative commentators call a sitting federal appeals court judge and Supreme Court nominee who happens to be Latina , a racist , it 's time to push back . Real hard . The evidence offered in support of Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's alleged racism is a speech she gave in Berkeley , California , in honor of Judge Mario G. Olmos , a former judge , community leader and graduate of Boalt Hall Law School who died an untimely death at the age of 43 . The offending section of the speech is this : "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " This passage inspired Gingrich , former speaker of the House of Representatives and potential 2012 presidential candidate , to call Judge Sotomayor "  a Latina racist . " To lift one statement out of Judge Sotomayor 's eight-page speech without examining the context and substance of her remarks , is an example of the kind of shoddy character assassination that I suspect will dominate this judicial confirmation process . Judge Sotomayor 's speech is , in fact , an excellent meditation on how the experiences of judges might affect how they approach aspects of judicial decision-making . It explores the important , and too-little examined reality that judicial deliberations can be affected by a judge 's background , perspective and experience . In the next sentence immediately following the passage above , Judge Sotomayor says , "  Let us not forget that wise men like Oliver Wendell Holmes and Justice -LSB- Benjamin -RSB- Cardozo voted on cases which upheld both sex and race discrimination in our society . " Could she have been referring to Buck v. Bell , the 1927 case in which Justice Holmes -- widely regarded as perhaps the most brilliant justice in the Supreme Court 's history -- upheld the state 's plan to sterilize Carrie Buck , an 18-year-old white woman , who was accused of being congenitally retarded . Buck 's main crime seems to have been the fact that she 'd had a child out of wedlock . In any case , Justice Holmes upheld the sterilization order , emphatically and coldly stating , "  three generations of imbeciles is enough . " Does anyone seriously believe that a woman , and especially a woman of color "  with the richness of her experiences " would not have "  reach -LSB- ed -RSB- a better conclusion " than that adopted by Justice Holmes in 1927 ? In fact Buck v. Bell is the perfect example of how a "  wise old -LSB- white -RSB- man " got it wrong in a way that a woman judge or a racial minority most likely would not . It 's worth pointing out that in that same speech Judge Sotomayor cautioned , "  we should not be so myopic as to believe that others of different experiences or backgrounds are incapable of understanding the values and needs of people from a different group . " But she acknowledges that "  there may be some -LSB- difference in her judging -RSB- based on my gender and my Latina heritage . " What Gingrich and others decry in Judge Sotomayor should be applauded . Judge Sotomayor has the humility to recognize the difficulty of achieving true and pure impartiality . Instead , as she pointed out in her speech , " -LSB- t -RSB- he aspiration to impartiality is just that -- it 's an aspiration because it denies the fact that we are by our experiences making different choices than others . " Unlike so many judges who by virtue of being white and male simply assume their impartiality , Judge Sotomayor recognizes that all judges are affected by their background and their life experiences . Ironically , it was Justice Cardozo who recognized this when he said , " -LSB- t -RSB- he great tides and currents which engulf the rest of men , do not turn aside in their course , and pass the judge by . " Justice Cardozo concluded that " -LSB- n -RSB- o effort or revolution of the mind will overthrow utterly and at all times the empire of ... -LSB- a judge 's -RSB- subconscious loyalties . These are the realities of judicial decision-making evoked by Judge Sotomayor 's speech . It 's perhaps easier to say as -LSB- then-Supreme Court nominee -RSB- Clarence Thomas so famously did , that a judge can simply , "  strip down like a runner , " and become utterly impartial simply by putting on a black robe . But it is more honest to acknowledge that regardless of race , gender , ideology or professional background , impartiality is always a work-in-progress for judges . Even Judge Richard Posner , a conservative stalwart on the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals once observed that , "  Litigation commonly involves persons at different social distances form the judge , and the more proximate will garner the more sympathetic response regardless of actual desert . " Justice Thomas is the perfect example of how hard it can be for a judge to lay aside the personal experiences that shape his worldview . His views about the affirmative action cases that come before him are shaped quite clearly by what he regards as the self-sufficient dignity of his hard-working grandfather and the humiliation he says he felt when others believed his scholarly accomplishments were the result of affirmative action . White judges are also shaped by their background and experiences . They need n't ever speak of it , simply because their whiteness and gender insulates them from the presumption of partiality and bias that is regularly attached to women judges and judges of color when it comes to matters of race and gender . Only a judge who is conscious and fully engaged with the reality of how her experiences may bear on her approach to the facts of a case , or sense of social justice , or vision of constitutional interpretation , should be entrusted to sit on the most influential and powerful court in our nation . Too often we have allowed ourselves to be placated and charmed by fantasies about umpire judges calling "  balls and strikes , " without ever asking which league the game is being played in or whether the umpire was standing in the best position to see the play . We forget that when deciding whether a batter checked his swing , the homeplate umpire will routinely ask for the alternative perspective from the first or third base umpire before calling a "  swing and a miss " a strike . Judge Sotomayor rightly suggests that these things matter . She notes in her speech that "  personal experiences affect the facts that judges choose to see . " She should know this . She 's been a trial judge . None of the other justices who will serve with Judge Sotomayor will have had that experience . Judge Sotomayor 's speech is one of the most honest and compelling statements about judicial impartiality we 're likely to hear from a judge of her stature . It ends with this humble observation : "  Each day on the bench I learn something new about the judicial process and about being a professional Latina woman in a world that sometimes looks at me with suspicion . I am reminded each day that I render decisions that affect people concretely and that I owe them constant and complete vigilance in checking my assumptions , presumptions and perspectives and ensuring that to the extent that my limited abilities and capabilities permit me , that I re-evaluate them and change as circumstances and cases before me requires . I can and do aspire to be greater than the sum total of my experiences , but I accept my limitations . I willingly accept that we who judge must not deny the differences resulting from experience and heritage but attempt , as the Supreme Court suggests , continuously to judge when those opinions , sympathies and prejudices are appropriate . " It 's entirely appropriate to question Judge Sotomayor about this speech at her confirmation hearings . She is evidently more than capable of explaining in compelling , clear language what precisely she wanted to convey in this speech . But Judge Sotomayor is not a racist . It is an insult of unimaginable proportion to unleash this charge on her , based on one sentence from her Berkeley , California , speech . It is not just irresponsible to make this charge against a sitting federal appeals court judge based on this flimsy record ; it is -- and here I 'll break the taboo -- racist to do so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sherrilyn Ifill .	Sherrilyn Ifill : The charge of being a racist is a taboo in much of society Critics of Sotomayor have called her racist for one sentence in a speech , Ifill says She says judge was honestly examining how judges make their decisions Ifill says Impartiality is always a work-in-progress for judges
CNN  -- The death of Davy Jones on Wednesday from a massive heart attack at age 66 elicited all the standard commentary about the Monkees , the band that made him a star : The Monkees were a made-for-TV boy band . They recorded tunes written not by them , but by reputable songwriters like Neil Diamond  "  I 'm a Believer "  , Harry Nilsson  "  Cuddly Toy "  , and the team of Carole King and Gerry Goffin  "  Pleasant Valley Sunday "  . They were Beatles knockoffs and teen idols . Those points are all valid , but they miss two essential aspects of the Monkees ' story . The first is fairly simple : Despite their undoubtedly contrived origins , they turned out to be one of pop 's finest bands , arguably the most underrated in rock history . The second is deeper : Their ongoing lack of critical respect speaks to struggles within the music world -- authenticity vs. artifice , pop vs. rock -- that continue to this day , more than 45 years after the launch of their short-lived sitcom . It 's unlikely that anyone , least of all the Monkees themselves , thought there was anything serious about the project when their TV series debuted in fall 1966 . NBC and creators Bert Schneider and Bob Rafelson were in search of actors to play a fictional band modeled after the Beatles in "  A Hard Day 's Night " and "  Help ! " After many auditions , they chose two young show biz professionals  Jones , the sole Brit , and Micky Dolenz  and two folk-rockers who knew how to sing and play  Peter Tork and Mike Nesmith  . From the start , the Monkees had little control over their music and even album covers . Sparkling early hits like "  I 'm a Believer " and "  Last Train to Clarksville " were written by outside tunesmiths and played by studio musicians . Fairly soon after the show 's launch , the Monkees , Nesmith especially , began to chafe at their artistic constraints . In what TV Guide called "  The Great Revolt of ' 67 , " they demanded control over their records , and out went Don Kirshner , the venerable publisher who had overseen their early releases . This period , what we could call Monkees 2.0 , resulted in "  Daydream Believer , " "  Pleasant Valley Sunday , " and many other songs on which the Monkees were far more involved  producing and playing many of the instruments themselves  . No matter the period or who was behind the console , the Monkees could make magical records , as I was reminded when , by strange coincidence , I plowed through their "  Music Box " boxed set just last weekend . The collection 's four discs reaffirm the largely high quality of their material and multihued variety of the arrangements . They could do credible garage rock  " -LSB- I 'm Not Your -RSB- Steppin ' Stone , " "  Words , " "  She "  , exquisite ballad-centric pop  "  Sometime in the Morning , " "  I Wan na Be Free "  , and quasi-psychedelia  "  Daily Nightly , " which features one of the first appearance on record of a synthesizer  . Songs that Nesmith wrote or sang -- "  The Door into Summer , " "  I Do n't Think You Know Me " -- would n't have been out of place on more highly regarded Byrds albums of the same ' 66 - '70 period . "  For Pete 's Sake , " the snappy " ... in this generation " song heard over the closing credits of each episode of their show , was written by Tork . The Sex Pistols and Run-DMC both covered songs made famous by the Monkees : "  Steppin ' Stone " and "  Mary , Mary , " respectively . Share your memories of Jones and the Monkees Jones , who had proven his stage chops before the Monkees by starring in a British production of "  Oliver ! " , was more than just their eternally cherubic , always-on singer and maracas player . He could caress the hits  "  Daydream Believer "  , invest a song with suitable snideness  the groupie song "  Star Collector "  and even co-write a very credible pop reverie  "  Dream World "  . Yet for all that musical breadth , the Monkees still do n't quite get the credit they should , which gets to the issues of credibility that swirl around them and anything considered too Top 40 . By the time their show launched and became an immediate hit , it was becoming de rigueur for pop and rock bands to write their own songs , to express themselves . The Monkees did this on later albums like "  The Birds , The Bees and the Monkees , " but they never recovered from being seen as puppets . They were the right band at the wrong time , and unfairly so . Iron Butterfly wrote its own material , too , but I dare anyone beyond the most devout "  In-a-Gadda-Da-Vida " nostalgist to make it through any of their albums in 2012 . These issues , especially in an era when indie signifies authenticity , still linger . Whenever I tell a friend I 'm a fan of Lady Gaga , I receive the same puzzled , "  Are you serious ? " looks I used to get when I told my teenage friends that I 'd bought the Monkees ' "  Greatest Hits " long after they broke up . Whatever one thinks of her wardrobe or bombastic , disappointing "  Born This Way " album , Gaga has genuine talent : She can sing , write songs and play various keyboards . Yet something about her still makes some people squirm in the way they do n't when someone mentions an intentionally grating indie band like Sleigh Bells . The music is seen as too polished and produced , and therefore not credible enough . The Monkees may always be tarnished , and perhaps there 's a weird badge of honor in that : so disreputable that they 're reputable ! Davy Jones did n't die for our integrity sins , but the Monkees ' reputation has suffered plenty for them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Browne	David Browne : Davy Jones ' death has stirred new round of dissing of the Monkees as fake He says they were underrated band ; that they get little respect raises issues relevant today He says Monkees rebelled against TV handlers , demanded control , made better songs Browne : Lady Gaga is modern example of pop music mistakenly not taken seriously ;
Wired  -- Facebook is primed to announce this week that it 's amassed a half billion active friends , a milestone reinforcing its status as the king of social networks -- a company to be regarded with the seriousness and power  if not revenue  of Google , Apple , Yahoo and Microsoft . Five hundred million and rising also makes it clear to anyone not paying attention that Facebook is no fad , that it is a cultural force shaping our collective culture . Even if you have no desire to ever set up a profile , you ca n't ignore it and you are now oddly defined in the negative and left out of the zeitgeist . A service of that size wo n't disappear anytime soon , even if Facebook has hit its plateau in the U.S. . But net users are fickle and the web 's short history includes dozens of sites that were once high-flying that have either since died  Geocities  , lost their luster  Yahoo  or faded into irrelevance  Friendster  . So how could Facebook lose its place at the center of the web ? 1 . Open , distributed alternatives A pack of college kids drunk on Free Software launched an open-source , federated alternative to Facebook called Diaspora . After collecting an astonishing $ 120K in donations , the group is knocking out code . Meanwhile , there 's other cool stuff going on , including OneSocialWeb , the Appleseed Project and WebFinger . Get enough of these open protcols into decent shape and someone is likely to build them into an improbably powerful stack . Research the LAMP stack , if you do n't get my drift . What might that look like ? An elimination of the need for a centralized home and coordinator of social networking -- where your social profile lives wherever you want it to  as your e-mail does  and can interact with any other profile around the net , on your own terms . While it sounds far-fetched , a recent poll suggests that people are as happy with Facebook as they are with their cable company , even if they do find it similarly indispensable . 2 . Google Me There 's rumors the search giant is hatching its own social network system , despite the fact that it 's just not particularly good at social networking . Its Orkut social network has flailed and even seems to be losing its final two treasures , India and Brazil , to Facebook . Google 's take on Twitter , called Buzz , is n't bad , but it 's not been much of a hit -- despite some fine features such as threaded coversations . And then it 's got Wave and Google Talk , and Google Chat and Google Profile and Google pages and Google Docs . I wonder if anyone has tried stacking any of those together over there in the Googleplex to create a place where people actually want to hang out -- the clear difference between a site like Facebook and a site like Google search . Interesting things happen when people hang out . 3 . Location-based services and the mobile device With the stunning popularity of pocket computers -- starting with the iPhone , location-centric services such as Foursquare are gaining users at the rate that Facebook used to . Perhaps most importantly , they are figuring out ways to use the addictive mechanics of gaming to create services even more engrossing than Facebook . To compete , Facebook has its own , very well-liked mobile app , and is set to expand how it interacts with the real world . But there 's a real threat here that Facebook could get outflanked by clever kids not too much unlike themselves , who figure out how to create a more potent digital heroin . 4 . The U.S. Postal Service For those who love dark horses or the old and familiar , there 's always a chance that the world suddenly tires of their Facebook wall or virtual farming and decide to get off the net 's grid entirely . Socializing will still be necessary , of course , so we 'll see the return of sockhops , neighborhood restaurants and church socials . As for written messages , the Postal Service is actually quite good at delivering hand-written correspondence anywhere in the States for a nominal fee . The photo postcard will be huge again . But since the Postal Service is proposing to cease Saturday delivery , its social networking service would be a weekday-only affair . Vive la Poste ! 5 . Overreaching on the part of Mark Zuckerberg Facebook 's founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg has changed the culture of the world with his single-minded devotedness to making people share more information with more people . In a world where software can determine culture , Zuckerberg 's unwavering drive to make more and more of the details of our lives public by default has triumphed in nearly every instance over prevailing cultural norms -- with the glaring exception of the Beacon project . But as with all visionaries , there is always the danger that in his attempt to lead his flock to the land of milk and honey , there will come a moment where he steps too far ahead , and the flock abandons the frontier for the pasture , leaving him alone and howling in the wilderness . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Facebook is nearing 500 million users , but is it invincible ? A poll says people are as happy with Facebook as they are with their cable company There are rumors that Google is hatching its own social network system Location-centric services are gaining users at the rate that Facebook used to
Rome  CNN  -- Judges in the trial of the captain of the wrecked cruise liner Costa Concordia agreed Wednesday to his request for a new examination of the ship , Costa Cruises spokesman Davide Barbano told CNN from inside the court . Lawyers for Capt. Francesco Schettino had asked the panel of three judges on Monday for permission to tour the ship 's bridge and engine room as part of a defense strategy he says will prove Schettino was not the only person responsible for the disaster . The move could delay the legal process for months . INTERACTIVE : How ill-fated cruise liner was raised Schettino 's defense is trying to prove that the ship 's watertight doors did not function properly , and that is the reason the ship sank , leading to the loss of 32 lives during the evacuation . A special team of divers will have to examine parts of the ship which are still under water , including the engine room and watertight doors . The liner , which crashed on the rocks off Giglio Island in January 2012 , was rotated back to vertical last week after well over a year resting on its side . The unprecedented maneuver , called parbuckling , exposed a twisted mass of metal dotted with mattresses , passenger luggage and deck chairs on the ship 's previously submerged starboard side . Now that the Concordia is upright , there can be further investigation of the captain 's alleged mishandling of the ship . Defense lawyers for Schettino agreed with lawyers representing more than 200 civil parties against the captain , including Giglio Island and several passenger and environmental advocacy groups , in asking for a new examination of the ship . How cruise ship tragedy transformed an island paradise Prosecutors are expected to argue that Schettino 's decision to take the cruise liner off course is what caused the loss of life , not secondary mistakes or malfunctions . Schettino also argued Monday that Indonesian helmsman Jacob Rusli Bin 's failure to understand his command to turn away from the rocks led to the crash . Rusli Bin and four others were convicted in a plea deal in July for their role in the disaster . A Florence court is considering the validity of those plea bargain agreements .	Judges agree to a request for a new examination of the Costa Concordia The decision could mean a delay of months in the legal process Capt. Francesco Schettino asked for permission to tour the ship 's bridge and engine room Schettino 's lawyers want to show that he was not solely responsible for the disaster
Nigerian security forces routinely torture people -- including women and children -- taken in as suspects or for interrogation , Amnesty International has claimed in a graphic new report . In the study , released Thursday , the rights group alleges systemic use of torture by the police , based on hundreds of witness testimonies and other evidence gathered over the course of 10 years . People are often detained in dragnet operations and tortured as punishment , to extort money or to extract "  confessions " as a shortcut to "  solve " cases , it claims . The report , titled " ` Welcome to hell fire ' : Torture and other ill-treatment in Nigeria " alleges that abuse is so widespread that many police stations have an informal "  officer in charge of torture " and that some police sections have special rooms , or "  torture chambers " where it is carried out . Methods commonly used include nail or tooth extractions , choking , electric shocks , rape and other sexual violence , it claims . A spokesman for the Nigeria Police Force refuted the allegations , however , saying the report contained "  some blatant falsehoods and innuendos . " "  Torture or ill-treatment is not , repeat , not an official policy of the Nigeria Police , " said Emmanuel Ojukwu , force public relations officer and acting commissioner of police , in a statement . Amnesty says its researchers interviewed victims , their families , rights defenders and current and former police officers to compile the report . Boko Haram crackdown The number of reported abuses has increased in northern Nigeria as Nigeria 's security forces have stepped up their fight against Boko Haram , the report said . Since 2009 , between 5,000 and 10,000 people have been detained as suspects in the crackdown on the militant Islamist group , which is designated as a terror organization by the United States . One man , identified only as Ahmed , said he was among a group of men who were stopped by soldiers outside a mosque after prayers in Yobe state in February 2013 . He said the soldiers "  told all of us to lie down on the ground in the street . " "  The soldiers shot and killed some of them on the spot , some were shot on the legs , and the soldiers began to beat some of us on the head with iron rods , others were beaten with wood . " The men were taken by vehicles to prison , Ahmed said , and some of the wounded men died on the way . Once there , they were "  kept tied for three days , " fed only "  handfuls " of food per day , and forced to share a half-liter of water per two men per day . The report goes on to quote Ahmed : The beating , the torture was just too much for us . They do all types of things to you , the soldiers . They will tie your hands behind your back , with the elbows touching and then one of them will walk on your tied hands with their boots . Your hands will remain tied and then they 'll pour salt water on your wounds . You ca n't rub it , even if it goes into your eyes . My eyes got swollen as a result of that . I thought I was going to be blind . I have never experienced such brutality in my life . " ' I was bleeding ' "  This goes far beyond the appalling torture and killing of suspected Boko Haram members , " said Netsanet Belay , Amnesty International 's research and advocacy director for Africa . "  Across the country , the scope and severity of torture inflicted on Nigeria 's women , men and children by the authorities supposed to protect them is shocking to even the most hardened human rights observer . " Belay called for Nigeria 's Parliament to take the "  long overdue step " of passing a law to criminalize torture , which is banned under the country 's constitution and international treaties . The report also cited examples of abuse against women and children . Mahmood , a 15-year-old boy from Yobe state in northern Nigeria , "  was arrested by soldiers with around 50 other people , mainly boys between 13 and 19 years old , " the report stated . Amnesty International said the military "  held him for three weeks , beat him repeatedly with their gun butts , batons and machetes , poured melting plastic on his back , made him walk and roll over broken bottles and forced him to watch other detainees being executed  without trial  . Mahmood was freed in April 2013 , according to the report . Military in Yobe state even arrested and beat a 12-year-old boy , poured alcohol on him , forced him to clean vomit with his bare hands and stepped on him . One 24-year-old woman named Abosede told Amnesty International she was abused using tear gas and still suffers as a result . "  A policewoman took me to a small room , told me to remove everything I was wearing , " she is quoted as saying . "  She spread my legs wide and fired tear gas into my vagina ... I was asked to confess that I was an armed robber ... I was bleeding ... up till now I still feel pain in my womb . " ` Not systemic or endemic ' Ojukwu said the Nigerian Police Force has been "  undergoing systematic reforms , and aligning themselves with the demands of democracy " but that it has significantly improved its human rights record since 1999 . "  The police do not routinely torture suspects , " he said . "  It is not systemic or endemic . Whenever instances of human rights abuses are brought to the notice of superintending officers , the offending personnel are promptly sanctioned in line with the laws and regulations . " The Amnesty International reporters did not speak to the police authorities , he said , which denied them the opportunity to have a fair hearing . He called on Amnesty International to provide specific details of the allegations and said they would be investigated . Belay dismissed the Nigerian police response to the Amnesty International report . "  The police decision to deny the findings before careful reading of the report or examining the accusations made in it echoes their attitude to criminal investigations -- apportioning blame before ascertaining the facts . "  Their pledge to investigate abuses rings hollow so long as they continue to refute our evidence of systemic torture , gathered from more than 500 cases and including testimony from current and former police officers . "	Amnesty International alleges the systemic use of torture by the police in Nigeria Methods used include nail or tooth extractions , choking , electric shocks and rape , it says A spokesman for the Nigeria Police Force refutes the claim , cites "  blatant falsehoods " "  Torture or ill-treatment is not , repeat , not an official policy of the Nigeria Police , " he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The conservative advocacy group Tea Party Express massed at the U.S. Capitol on Saturday to protest health care reform , higher taxes and what they see as out-of-control government spending . iReporter Justin Hall attended Saturday 's rally . "  We think things can get a lot worse before they get better , " he said . Marchers en route to the rally held no feelings in check as they waved signs reading , "  Proud member of the angry mob , " "  I did n't vote for this Obamanation , " "  Fire the czars " and "  You represent us , not rule us . " Nazi imagery and a poster of President Obama as an African witch doctor were popular images . The march leading to the Capitol stretched for blocks on the final day of the Tea Party Express ' cross-country bus tour , which began August 28 in Sacramento , California . En route , the group hosted rallies in about 30 cities . An official crowd estimate was not available , but reporters at the scene described the massive crowd as reaching the tens of thousands . At each stop , the tour highlighted members of Congress "  who have voted for higher spending , higher taxes , and government intervention in the lives of American families and businesses , " according to The Tea Party Express Web site . One woman at Saturday 's events summed up her feelings about issues this way : "  It 's too much too fast . " A major theme of the rally was the push for less government . "  The government should be doing things that are authorized by the Constitution ; they should be doing things that the people want , not things that they just decide are nifty . We ca n't afford these things anymore . Watch protesters converge on the Capitol " "  The government should be concentrating on cutting spending on all the programs , not thinking of new , wonderful ways of spending more ... . I 've voted my whole life . This is the first time in my life I 've gotten off the couch and said , ` I 'm sick of this . It 's only three hours away , and I 'm going to be there . ' " Yet another man said , "  We 're here to let the government know that we do not want government involvement in our health care nor do we want the higher taxation that comes along with such a proposal . " iReport.com : iReporters trade barbs Several speakers were to speak throughout the afternoon , with events wrapping up about 4 p.m. ET . The tea party movement gained momentum this year ; several parties were held across the country this summer to protest Obama and the Democrats ' economic stimulus plans , among other things . On July 4 , nearly 2,000 advocates , toting signs and chanting slogans , rallied outside Congress . Activists said the TEA Party Day -- an acronym for "  Taxed Enough Already " -- was in response to runaway government spending . But now , the focus is on health care reform , an issue that has prompted a more encompassing debate . "  What brought everything together was the Obamacare idea , which contains every odiferous objection , " Tea Party Express organizer Mark Williams said in August . Although Tea Party Express tour was funded by Our Country Deserves Better , a conservative political action committee , Williams said his organization is nonpartisan , and that the rallies are not aimed at one politician over another , namely Obama . iReport.com : Images from the rally "  This is not people upset over one particular politician or one particular party , " Williams has said . "  In fact , if you ask the Republicans in the crowd , you 'll find they are just upset at their party as they are at the Democrats . " Members from conservative groups such as Freedom Works , run by former House Majority Leader Dick Armey , Campaign Liberty and the Institute for Liberty also were expected to participate in Saturday 's rally . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	Conservative tour concludes with rally outside halls of Congress A major theme is a call for smaller government , reduced federal spending Strong opposition to health care reform is a key rallying point Movement is conservative but nonpartisan , organizer says
CNN  -- With a first name that means "  wave " in Catalan , perhaps Ona Carbonell was destined to pursue a career in water sports . And for a self-confessed "  mermaid , " synchronized swimming provides the ideal escape . "  I do n't know why but the water , for me , it 's perfect . I feel better inside the water than outside , " Carbonell told CNN 's Human to Hero series . She has become Spain 's most successful synchronized swimmer , collecting two Olympic medals and more than a dozen at the world championships . "  You can do anything -- you can create and  be  very original . It 's an artistic sport , " she added . Then there 's the glitzy outfits -- and the hair , which is lacquered into a hard gloss with gelatine to keep it styled in the water . Like Venus Williams in tennis , Carbonell -- who is studying fashion design at university -- and her teammates play a role in creating the costumes they wear . The collaborative approach also applies to choosing music to routines and developing the choreography along with their coaches . Carbonell 's big tune is "  Barcelona " -- the ode to her home city sung by Freddie Mercury and Montserrat Caballe , to which she performed at July 's world championships in the Catalan capital . "  It 's the music of Olympics '92 and it 's very nice song and very nice choreography -- I think it 's very beautiful , " Carbonell explains . "  The costume is like Gaudi -- in Barcelona very famous -- and blue and shiny like Montserrat Caballe when she sings . " The 2013 world championships were a special moment for the 23-year-old . She was able to get close to the countries now dominating the sport , Russia and China , as she earned seven podium placings across the individual and team events . But it 's clear that for Carbonell , picking up silverware is n't her lone goal . Being underwater for 20 seconds at a time -- unable to even communicate with your partner -- adds to the feeling of peaceful isolation . It 's an escape , however , that requires its participants to combine artistic elements with strength and technique , similar to rhythmic gymnastics or figure skating . On average Carbonell suspects she spends 10 hours in the pool a day -- a necessary workload if she is to catch her Russian and Chinese rivals . While twisting , turning and lifting , competitors have to make sure the strain does n't show on their well-manicured faces -- sometimes they put the waterproof makeup on themselves but on other occasions they have makeup artists . Any sign of straining and the judges are sure to pounce . The degree of difficulty is thus high . Growing up in Barcelona , the vibrant city in northeastern Spain that rests by the Mediterranean Sea , paved the way for Carbonell 's development in "  synchro . " "  When I was seven I did rhythmic gymnastics , " she recalls . "  When I was nine I started synchronized swimming because I liked the water a lot . I spent a lot of hours in the sea . " It prepared her well for a life in the pool , which requires strong stamina . "  There are many hard things in synchronized swimming but the hardest is to hold our breath inside the water , " Carbonell says . "  When we go up and breathe , you have to do a good face and smile . "  We have to work a lot to hold our breath because many moves in the performance are like 20 seconds without a breath . "  We do n't communicate -- it 's impossible . Sometimes when we do n't have music we speak inside the water but it 's very difficult and without goggles you see very bad . "  You have to believe in each other . " In the team format that consists of eight swimmers -- one of the two Olympic disciplines , while there are seven formats at the world championships -- Carbonell and company are aided by underwater speakers . "  We listen perfectly inside and outside , too , and it 's nice because it 's like all the other people , " said Carbonell . "  A lot of people do n't know we have a speaker inside . " Spain , with Carbonell in the group , claimed a silver medal in all three team events in Barcelona , finishing second to Russia . Individually she collected four bronze medals , with Russia once again leading the way . Russia 's clean sweep of all seven gold medals confirmed its status as the powerhouse of the sport , unlike the early days . When synchronized swimming first became an Olympic sport in Los Angeles in 1984 , Canada , the U.S. and Japan led the way in the absence of the East European nations -- who boycotted the Games in retaliation for the West 's refusal to attend Moscow ' 80 . "  Russia is very difficult to get , " said Carbonell . "  China is difficult , too , but maybe I get . " Carbonell did win gold at the 2009 world championships in Rome in the team free routine , but the highlight of her career remains tallying a silver in the duet and team bronze at last year 's Olympics in London . Caught up in the moment , she was unable to appreciate her achievements . It was only when Carbonell went on holiday did she fully reflect . "  I  thought  a lot about the competition -- ` Oh it 's a very , very big thing that we did , ' " she says . "  For me , the most important result in my life is the silver medal in London because it 's very hard to get there . I 'm younger and my partner was like eight years older than me . Carbonell is now working towards the 2016 Olympics in Rio . "  I think we go for gold , and work more , more , more , " she says . As for later in life , Carbonell is n't the sort to predict what she will be doing in 10 years . She wonders , though , if men will be allowed to compete in international tournaments at some stage . For some , men and synchronized swimming are forever linked to a skit on U.S. comedy show Saturday Night Live decades ago starring Martin Short . "  I do n't understand why in synchronized , there is not men 's , " said Carbonell . "  In ballet there are men . For me it would be very good if men start to do synchronized swimming . "	Ona Carbonell is a world champion and Olympic medalist in synchronized swimming In Catalan , Ona means "  wave " and Carbonell says she feels better inside the water than out When she is performing , Carbonell considers herself a "  mermaid " Russia dominates the sport , winning all seven golds at the 2013 world championships
CNN  -- To hear some Guatemalans tell it , three coordinated attacks that killed four prison officials in five hours Monday hardly raised anyone 's pulse . Police arrests two suspects in one of the three attacks . They 're used to this level of violence , said Fernando Carrera Castro , director of the Central American Institute for Fiscal Studies in Guatemala City . Although what happened is normal in Guatemala , Carrera said , that 's not to say that citizens are not concerned . "  We 're as scared as ever , " he said Tuesday . Heather Berkman , a Central America analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm , also has come to expect the violence . "  What else is new ? " she said when asked about the killings . Samuel Logan , an expert on Latin American gangs , said all of Central America is under attack from organized crime cartels because the region is pinched between Colombia and Mexico , the two biggest sources of drugs in the area . U.S. interdiction efforts that have targeted the flow of drugs through the Caribbean Sea also have forced cartels to travel through the Central American isthmus , Logan said . Within Central America , he said , Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador have the worst problems . Among those three nations , Guatemala stands out . "  When you talk about a country being hollowed out by organized crime , Guatemala is at the top of the list , " Logan said . There are two main reasons , he said : geography and an incompetent and corrupt government . "  Guatemala bunches right up against Mexico , " Logan said . "  Any spillover effect is almost certainly going south . " Said Berkman , "  The narcos are coming down from Mexico . " In addition , Logan said , the federal government is not able to control large segments of the country . For example , Peten state in northern Guatemala , bordered on two sides by Mexico , is lawless , he said . Berkman made the same point . "  The narcos control about 40 percent of the territory down there , which is pretty amazing , " she said . Berkman also pointed out that the government has reduced anti-crime spending in the 2010 budget because of the nation 's dire economic situation . "  If you do n't have resources , you ca n't pay for troops and supplies and intelligence , " she said . Logan , who just wrote a book on the Mara Salvatrucha gang of Central America , said there are two main criminal elements in Guatemala : drug cartels that deal in large-scale exportation and street gangs that sell drugs at the retail level and are involved in other crimes , such as robbery and extortion . In some cases , they work together . When those criminals get arrested , they continue their activities on the inside . "  The prisons , in general , are centers of corruption , " Carrera said . "  From inside prison , they direct kidnappings , extortion , drug trafficking . " Monday 's attacks on the prison officials resulted from efforts to weed out corruption in the nation 's prisons , Carrera said . Officials have been clamping down on what goods inmates can receive and the use of cell phones within prison walls . They also are transferring some top-level criminals to high-security prisons . "  What happened is a reaction from gangs who want control of the prisons , " Carrera said . "  They 're trying to show strength through force . To generate fear . " Interior Minister Raul Velasquez was quoted in several newspapers Tuesday as saying the attacks were in retaliation for the recent transfer of several gang leaders to high-security prisons . Two arrests have been made in Monday 's shootings and the investigation continues , said Rudy Esquivel , spokesman for the Guatemalan prison system . "  This was a very structured job ; very well-defined , " Esquivel said from Guatemala City , the nation 's capital . Killed were a prison assistant director , a warden and two guards . One guard and a shooting suspect were wounded , as were three citizens . One of the wounded was a woman in the eighth month of pregnancy , news accounts said . According to published reports in the Prensa Libre , La Hora , El Periodico de Guatemala and Siglo 21 newspapers , this is what happened : The first attack occurred around 7 a.m. Monday in Guatemala City when two gunmen on a motorcycle fired an AK-47 assault rifle at three guards who were transporting a prisoner . One of the guards was killed and another wounded . A national civil police unit driving in front of the prison detail gave chase and captured the suspects , one of whom suffered a serious leg injury . The second attack happened 10 minutes later , when the warden at the prison in the city of Guastatoya , in central Guatemala , was gunned down while he ate in front of the Hospital General San Juan de Dios . The warden , Felix Gabriel Garcia Reyes , was at the hospital to pick up the body of a prisoner who had died after surgery . Two men and a pregnant 19-year-old woman were wounded in the attack . Witnesses told police four men in a green vehicle fired and fled . Authorities found an abandoned Mitsubishi nearby that matched the description . Inside , they found a 9 mm pistol and ammunition for other weapons . The third attack occurred around noon on the Inter-American Highway near the city of Chimaltenango , where Javier Bac Tzul , 40 , was the prison 's assistant director . He and his 31-year-old driver were killed as they returned to the prison after a trip to Guatemala City . Authorities said they found AK-47 shells at the scene . Chimaltenango Gov. Hector Lopez said a prison director and two assistant directors already have been killed in the state , Prensa Libre reported . Analyst Berkman sees little hope . "  It 's a lose-lose situation , no matter how you look at it , " she said .	Four killed in three orchestrated attacks , local papers say Analysts blame attacks on flow of drugs through country Guatemala on route from Mexico to Colombia , two biggest sources of drugs in area Analysts also blame Guatemalan government they say is incompetent and corrupt
When can a government kill its own people ? The straightforward question has anything but a simple answer , especially for the government of a nation founded on inalienable rights to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . Monday 's news that the Obama administration is considering a military hit on an American terrorist raises anew the issue of what justifies such a step , according to both the law and the public conscience in an era of political , social and technological evolution . "  America 's legitimate claim of self-defense can not be the end of the discussion , " President Barack Obama said last year when he announced new guidelines on drone strikes that target enemies for killing . "  To say a military tactic is legal , or even effective , is not to say it is wise or moral in every instance . For the same human progress that gives us the technology to strike half a world away also demands the discipline to constrain that power -- or risk abusing it . " The American Civil Liberties Union contends the administration abuses its power , particularly when it comes to drone strikes that have targeted foreigners and in some cases , American citizens . "  Even in the context of an armed conflict against an armed group , the government may use lethal force only against individuals who are directly participating in hostilities against the United States , " the group says on its website . "  Regardless of the context , whenever the government uses lethal force , it must take all possible steps to avoid harming civilian bystanders . But these are not the standards that the executive branch is using . " Here are questions about what the government is doing , with explanation of why and arguments against : 1  What does targeted killing mean , and how widespread is it ? After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States , a traumatized nation responded with new laws that greatly expanded the government 's power to fight terrorism . Wars were launched in Afghanistan and then Iraq , and the national intelligence system expanded to new capacity disclosed in last year 's classified leaks by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden . Part of the expanded powers included legal authorization to target terrorists defined as enemies of the state -- people determined to be fighting a war against America . The CIA and the military have used drones and covert missions to take out such targets , including drone strikes that killed U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki , a wanted terrorist , and three other Americans . Unofficial estimates based on reports by human rights groups and media accounts indicate the Obama administration has carried out hundreds of drone strikes that have killed hundreds and perhaps thousands of people , including terrorists and civilians , in an escalation of the practice started by the Bush administration . Most have occurred in Afghanistan , but others have taken place in countries where no ground war was occurring including Yemen , where al-Awlaki and the two other Americans died in 2011 . 2  Is it legal for the government to target and kill people ? In his May 2013 speech at the National Defense University , Obama proclaimed the practice completely legal . "  Under domestic law , and international law , the United States is at war with al Qaeda , the Taliban , and their associated forces , " he said . "  We are at war with an organization that right now would kill as many Americans as they could if we did not stop them first . So this is a just war -- a war waged proportionally , in last resort , and in self-defense . " Critics , however , say the government oversteps the legal boundaries of the Constitution and international law , particularly by making decisions on targeted killings in secret without going before any court . "  The result is that the public remains in the dark about how exactly U.S. policy governing targeted killings is operating , under which legal authorities , and who exactly are its victims , " said a letter to Obama in December from nine rights groups . Hina Shamsi , who directs the ACLU 's National Security Project , told CNN that the Obama administration was "  fighting hard " to prevent a judicial review of the strikes that killed al-Awlaki and the other Americans , including the terrorist 's 16-year-old son . Until allegations in classified documents can be assessed in court , she said , the question of whether they amount to real evidence remains unanswered . Shamsi called the U.S. actions "  one of the most extreme and dangerous forms of authority that the executive branch can claim -- the power to kill people based on vague and shifting legal standards , secret evidence and no judicial review even after the fact . " In 2010 , a federal judge in Washington noted the government would need permission from a federal court to wiretap al-Awlaki , but that no such court process existed in order to kill him . Rejecting an effort by al-Awlaki 's father to block his son 's possible extrajudicial killing , U.S. District Judge John Bates called it "  somewhat unsettling " that a president could -- for national security reasons -- make a unilateral decision to kill a U.S. citizen overseas and the decision would be "  judicially unreviewable . " 3  Even if it is legal by the letter of the law , is it morally or politically right ? Obama has insisted his responsibility as commander in chief to protect Americans from attack justified targeted killings like the drone strike on al-Awlaki . In his speech last May , he rejected targeting an American citizen without what he called "  due process , " meaning adherence to full legal procedures . Then he explained the reasoning for the al-Awlaki hit two years earlier , before the expanded policy guidelines he was announcing . "  When a U.S. citizen goes abroad to wage war against America and is actively plotting to kill U.S. citizens , and when neither the United States , nor our partners are in a position to capture him before he carries out a plot , his citizenship should no more serve as a shield than a sniper shooting down on an innocent crowd should be protected from a SWAT team , " Obama said , citing al-Awlaki by name . "  I would have detained and prosecuted Awlaki if we captured him before he carried out a plot , but we could n't , " Obama continued . "  And as President , I would have been derelict in my duty had I not authorized the strike that took him out . " Shamsi , who argued the ACLU 's federal court case seeking judicial review of the strikes on al-Awlaki and two other Americans , contended that the government has failed to adhere to the oversight it set up for targeted killings . "  Policy restrictions are well and good , but the administration appears to have gone well beyond them based on the investigate reports of human rights organizations and media accounts , " she said Monday . 4  Does it work ? Ever the politician , Obama argued forcefully last year that targeted killings were a necessary tool in the expanding battle against international terrorism . "  Dozens of highly skilled al Qaeda commanders , trainers , bomb makers and operatives have been taken off the battlefield , " he said . "  Plots have been disrupted that would have targeted international aviation , U.S. transit systems , European cities and our troops in Afghanistan . Simply put , these strikes have saved lives . " Critics , including congressional Republicans , argue the President 's anti-terrorism strategy , which in many ways extended programs and practices started after the 9/11 attacks under the Bush administration , have failed to effectively curtail al Qaeda . Asked last week at a congressional hearing if al Qaeda was stronger or weaker today than before the 9/11 attacks , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper struggled to find an answer before conceding the terrorist network now was more widespread and therefore more difficult to combat . At the same hearing , House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers argued that tighter restrictions on targeted killings announced by Obama in last year 's policy speech had weakened the government 's fight against terrorism . "  Today , individuals who would have been previously removed from the battlefield by U.S. counter-terrorism operations for attacking or plotting to attack against U.S. interests remain free because of self-imposed red tape , " the Michigan Republican said , adding that "  the President 's May 2013 policy changes for the U.S. targeted strikes are an utter and complete failure , and they leave Americans ' lives at risk . " However , the criticism by Rogers differs from Shamsi 's accusation that the administration fails to adhere to the stated policies of increased oversight and following due process . Rogers complained that the problem involved confusion over the U.S. policies . 5  Is it worth it ? To Obama , the need to take out war enemies supersedes the potential political fallout at home and abroad over drone strikes and other targeted killings . He argued last year that doing nothing would invite "  far more civilian casualties " by terrorists targeting U.S. cities as well as foreign strongholds in Yemen , Afghanistan , Somalia and elsewhere . "  Remember that the terrorists we are after target civilians , and the death toll from their acts of terrorism against Muslims dwarfs any estimate of civilian casualties from drone strikes , " he argued , saying that "  doing nothing is not an option . " Obama also contended the drone strikes were less risky than conventional weapons or "  boots on the ground " in terms of collateral damage and broader political repercussions . "  It is false to assert that putting boots on the ground is less likely to result in civilian deaths or less likely to create enemies in the Muslim world , " he said , referring to unpopular U.S. military incidents of recent decades . "  The results would be more U.S. deaths , more Black Hawks down , more confrontations with local populations , and an inevitable mission creep in support of such raids that could easily escalate into new wars . " On the ground , though , drone strikes that kill civilians evoke rage and resentment against the United States that can breed more anti-American activism . To Shamsi , the threat also is to core American values back home . "  There 's enough credible reporting about tragic wrongful killings and mistakes having been made , " she told CNN . "  It helps neither the security of the United States nor the victims of its policies , because in the end , long-term national security depends on our real commitment to our laws and our values . "	Sources : the Obama administration is considering a strike on a U.S. terror suspect Under President Obama , drone attacks have killed four Americans Obama announced more oversight of targeted killings , but critics say little changed The ACLU calls for judicial review of strikes that killed al-Awlaki and others
The Frisky  -- Everybody has a "  type . " Personally , I like a man with a big schnozz -- bonus points if he 's got a collection of acne scars a l Tommy Lee Jones . The "  OverEater " is one of the nine types of men that women should avoid . My pal Annie likes preppy men -- but only after they 've gone to seed and become a little bloated in the process . Suzanne has a weakness for thin Japanese guys who like indie rock music , while Maddy adores bike messengers of all shapes and sizes . But there are certain types of guys who should be NOBODY 'S type . These guys are distinguished by one thing -- an overabundance of one or more very bad qualities . Here 's your guide to boys to avoid : 1 . The OverSharer : The current Overshare Poster Boy is Phillip Nobel , who wrote a highly hide-chapping account of his extramarital affair for Elle . The Oversharer will broadcast intimate episodes from your relationship to his mother , your mother , his blog readers and anyone else he can rope into paying attention . 2 . The OverThinker : One of the great things about dating men is that you are n't subjected to long , excruciating interrogations over what you really meant when you reassured him that no , he did n't look fat in those pants . However , though they 're rare birds , there are guys who will want to spend hours dissecting even the most innocuous comment , examining it for tone , content and what you might 've been implying . 3 . The OverTalker : Your friends say they 've never known you to be so quiet . That 's because this man does enough talking for both of you  and then some  . When you do finally eke out a sentence or two he interrupts and talks over you anyway . You have two choices -- accept the fact that you will never speak again or tell him goodbye . Your call . 4 . The OverDresser : This dandy makes Gossip Girl 's Chuck Bass look sloppy and mismatched . That he takes longer than you to get ready is strike one against him , but the fact that he matches his socks to his underwear and to his ascot drives him out of the park . 5 . The OverEater : It 's an irritating fact that men can eat more than women . The overeater does n't care . Food is his first love and he 'll push cannolis and baked ziti on you like a crazed Italian granny . Unless you do n't mind a future spent in stretch-pants , you might want to give this dude a pass . 6 . The OverReactor : Remember when Russell Crowe threw a phone at that hotel clerk who somehow displeased him ? That 's this guy . From the old lady who accidentally bumped into him at the grocery store , to the SUV that cut him off on the highway -- everyone in his path will hear his wrath . You , most of all . Do not walk away -- run . 7 . The Over-The-Topper : He 's the life of the party and thinks nothing of driving his motorcycle through the bar if he thinks it 'll get a laugh . He 's certainly cute , but he just never stops . He 's always on . And that , will quickly turn into a turn-off . 8 . OverAchiever : Picture the male version of Tracy Flick in the movie "  Election " in perfectly fitted jeans , a crisp white oxford shirt and a copy of his  perfect , naturally  SAT scores in his wallet . Now imagine making love to him . You ca n't , can you ? 9 . The OverCompensator : Maybe he was the homeliest kid in his eighth-grade class , but that does n't mean you need to sit through a monologue about how much money he makes , how jealous his friends are over his new BMW , and how he totally could date supermodels if he wanted to . Next ! TM &  2008 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	There are certain types of men who should be nobody 's type Run from the "  OverReactor " -- you and everyone in his path will hear his wrath The "  OverCompensator " brags about how much money he makes The "  OverTalker " does enough talking for both of you
CNN  -- Eastern Canada got the shakes on Friday . Even the northern U.S. twitched . People on both sides of the border felt an earthquake originating around the Quebec and Ontario borders , the Canadian government said . Natural Resources Canada gave it a preliminary magnitude of 5.2 ; the U.S. Geological Survey put it at 4.4 . With an epicenter about 11 miles  18 kilometers  from Shawville , in western Quebec , the quake was felt in the Ottawa-Gatineau area and out to Toronto , more than 260 miles away . It hit a nerve in New York state and Cleveland , too . "  My house shook ! " Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne said in a tweet . Authorities say it is unlikely the quake , which occurred at 9:43 a.m. , caused significant damage . It was followed 10 minutes later by an aftershock measured at magnitude-4 .1 by the Canadian agency and 3.6 by the U.S. bureau . Its epicenter was about 12 miles  19 kilometers  from Shawville . "  It kind of made me a little nervous and I booted it out of the house as quick as I could . It certainly got my heart racing , " said Jonathan Essiambre of Shawville , according to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . "  It was like a massive explosion that went off . It just started shaking and the walls of the bakery were moving , " Dan Duggan , who owns a bakery in Shawville , said , according to the CBC . "  I thought it was my propane tanks exploding . We were evacuating employees out of the building . It lasted for about 25 seconds and it went on for about another minute . " "  We had a lot of shaking , that 's for sure , " said Kim Bulmer , town clerk of nearby Renfrew , Ontario . "  But I just checked with the public works director , and there does not seem to be any reports of damage so far . " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said state emergency officials were monitoring the quake , felt in parts of the state . "  At this time , there have been no reports of damage to any of the state 's critical infrastructure , " Cuomo said in a written statement . Eastern Canada has a relatively low rate of earthquake activity , according to Natural Resources Canada , but there have been large earthquakes before , with about four exceeding magnitude 4 per year . "  A decade will , on average , include three events greater than magnitude 5 , " the agency said .	"  My house shook , " the Ontario premier says The quake 's magnitude was 5.2 , and an aftershock was recorded There was "  a lot of shaking , " town official says The earthquake was felt in parts of New York state , Cleveland
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- A Thai judge fined dozens of Rohingya refugees from Myanmar who pleaded guilty Wednesday to charges of illegal entry after escaping from their own country a month ago -- amid allegations that other Rohingya have been dumped at sea by the Thai army . Male refugees show scars they say were caused by beatings at the hands of the Myanmar navy . The Ranong Provincial Court judge ordered each of the 66 ethnic Muslim refugees to pay 1,000 Thai baht  less than $ 30  . He imposed the fines via a closed-circuit television link to Ranong Provincial Prison , where the refugees will continue to be held until they can pay the court . Twelve additional refugees , all teenagers , were being detained at a police station and are exempt from prosecution . The 78 refugees will be handed over on January 31 to immigration police , who will deport them . It is unclear where they will be sent . The refugees arrived by boat on the Thai shore , and Thai police said many had severe burns from a fire that broke out on board their craft after it left neighboring Myanmar , also known as Burma . Members of Myanmar 's Rohingya minority have been fleeing the country for years , saying they are persecuted by its military government . One refugee , who called himself Mohamed , told CNN that their boat had been at sea for a month , and that Myanmar 's military had detained and attacked them before setting their boat on fire . The refugees are unwelcome in Thailand , where authorities say about 20,000 have settled illegally . Other boatloads of Rohingya have allegedly been set adrift after being towed out to sea by Thai authorities . A recent CNN investigation found evidence of such activity . Photos obtained by CNN include one that shows the Thai army towing a boatload of some 190 refugees . Watch Dan Rivers ' BackStory on the investigation " CNN also interviewed a refugee who said he was one of the few who had survived after a group of six rickety boats was towed back to sea and abandoned by Thai authorities earlier this month . The Thai government has launched an inquiry . The Thai army has denied the allegations . But after extensive questioning by CNN , one source in the Thai military confirmed that the Thai army was operating a dump-at-sea policy . The source defended it , saying that each boatload of refugees is given sufficient supplies of food and water . That source said Thai villagers had become afraid of the hundreds of Rohingya arriving each month , and they had accused the refugees of stealing their property and threatening them . The Thai government has said that "  there is no reasonable ground to believe " that the Rohingya are fleeing Myanmar because of persecution . "  Their profile and their seasonal travel further support the picture that they are illegal migrants , and not those requiring international protection , " the Foreign Ministry said in a statement issued Tuesday . One of the refugees who came ashore Tuesday said they will be killed if returned to Myanmar because of their minority status . He said the Rohingya are stateless because they lack bribe money to obtain identification cards in Myanmar . In Tuesday 's statement , the Thai government said it deals with all illegal migrants in accordance with its laws and international guidelines . It said "  basic humanitarian needs " such as food and water are met among the migrants before they are returned home . Their boats also are fixed , officials said . The Thai government said that "  accepting those arriving in an irregular manner would simply encourage new arrivals . " The government denied media reports alleging that Thai authorities mistreat the illegal migrants and intentionally damage their boats . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Sixty-six Rohingya refugees from Myanmar fined by Thai court They will be handed over to immigration police with 12 others Rohingya refugees are at center of allegations of mistreatment by Thai army Photos obtained by CNN show army towing boatload of 190 refugees to sea
Baltimore  CNN  -- Acknowledging it is out of the ordinary for city mayors to take a stand on military policy , the U.S. Conference of Mayors passed a resolution Monday calling for an early end to the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq . "  This is not a war resolution , " said the newly elected president of the group , Democratic Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa . "  What we wanted to make clear , " he told reporters afterward , is that "  the best way to support and honor those troops is to give them a job when they come back home . " The outgoing president of the Conference of Mayors , Republican Elizabeth Kautz of Burnsville , Minnesota , said the resolution is simply "  calling on Congress to redirect military spending to domestic priorities . " But dissenting mayors said the resolution might send the wrong message , and one called for it to be withdrawn before the group could vote . Blitzer 's Blog : Getting out of Afghanistan Peter Lewis , the nonpartisan mayor of Auburn , Washington , told his colleagues that "  making political statements in this forum about the war , I do not believe is proper . " The Conference of Mayors last addressed American military policy when it called for an end to the U.S. war in Vietnam , and some mayors expressed concern that the current resolution could be taken badly by the troops now deployed . "  Let 's not go and make the mistakes another generation did , " Lewis said . "  So I urge that this resolution be defeated . " Other mayors pushed ahead , saying there are economic problems in the United States with a more pressing priority than the massive spending on the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq . "  This one does not call for an immediate withdrawal , " said the Democratic mayor of Madison , Wisconsin , Paul Soglin , "  but it calls for speeding up the effort to end this war . " "  We are at a point where municipalities are faced with cuts in services that affect all of our citizens , especially those that are in need the most , " he said . Mayors then proposed and approved amendments changing the wording to express support for U.S. troops and acknowledging what was called the need for a strategic , stable pullout of American forces . With those changes , the mayors then approved their resolution with a call to "  bring these U.S. war dollars home . " As read by the parliamentarian , this is the amended resolution passed by the U.S. Conference of Mayors : Calling on Congress to redirect military spending to domestic priorities -- Whereas , every member of the United States Conference of Mayors and the Americans they represent support our brave men and women and their families ; and -- Whereas , the drawdown of troops should be done in a measured way that does not destabilize the region and that can accelerate the transfer of responsibility to regional authorities ; and -- Whereas , the severity of the ongoing economic crisis has created budget shortfalls at all levels of government and requires us to re-examine our national spending priorities ; and -- Whereas , the people of the United States are collectively paying approximately $ 126 billion per year to wage war in Iraq and Afghanistan ; and -- Whereas , 6,024 members of the U.S. armed forces have died in these wars ; and at least 120,000 civilians have been killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since the coalition attacks began . -- Now , therefore , be it resolved , that the U.S. Conference of Mayors supports efforts to speed up the ending of these wars ; and -- Be it further resolved , that the U.S. Conference of Mayors calls on the president and the U.S. Congress to end these wars as soon as strategically possible and to bring these war dollars home to meet vital human needs , promote job creation , rebuild our infrastructure , aid municipal and state governments , and develop a new economy based upon renewable , sustainable energy .	Mayors take stand on war policy for the first time since Vietnam They say urgent domestic economic needs should take priority Dissent among mayors forced amendments before the statement was approved
Dr. Craig Spencer , who was diagnosed with Ebola in New York City last month , is now free of the virus and will be released from the hospital Tuesday , city officials said . "  Dr. Spencer poses no public health risk and will be discharged from the hospital tomorrow , " the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation said in a statement Monday . Spencer , a Doctors Without Borders physician , became the first person to test positive for the deadly virus in the city when he was diagnosed last month after returning from treating patients in Guinea . Officials said Spencer , 33 , was hospitalized after developing a fever , nausea , pain and fatigue . He has been in isolation at New York 's Bellevue Hospital , where he was undergoing treatment . Word that Spencer went for a jog , traveled the city 's vast subway system and went bowling before his diagnosis sparked fears that the number of Ebola cases could grow in the city , but authorities stressed that the risk of him spreading the virus was low . After being released , he is expected to go to his apartment in the New York City neighborhood of Hamilton Heights . New York 's mayor , hospital and health officials are scheduled to hold a press conference Wednesday to discuss the doctor 's discharge . Spencer is also set to speak , officials . The physician , who is employed at New York 's Columbia Presbyterian Hospital , began work on a number of projects in Africa in recent years , including in Rwanda where he worked to help develop an emergency care teaching curriculum . He completed his work treating Ebola patients in Guinea on October 12 and left Africa two days later via Europe , arriving at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport on October 17 . He was diagnosed with Ebola on October 23 -- the same day he contacted Doctors Without Borders to report that he had a fever . Spencer is one of several Americans who 've been diagnosed with Ebola , successfully treated in the United States and released from the hospital . Why U.S. Ebola patients seem to be recovering faster Complete coverage on Ebola	Dr. Craig Spencer "  poses no public health risk , " officials say Spencer was diagnosed with Ebola last month after returning from Guinea He was the first person to test positive for the virus in New York City Now officials say he 's Ebola free and will be released from the hospital
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colorado  CNN  -- President Bush told the 2008 graduating class at the U.S. Air Force Academy on Wednesday that the "  only way America could lose the war on terror is if we defeat ourselves . " President Bush and Air Force Academy graduate Michael Riddick of Aiken , South Carolina , celebrate graduation . Speaking on a cloudy day at Falcon Stadium , the president compared the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to America 's earlier conflicts , particularly World War II . "  Our nation is once again contending with an ideology that seeks to sow anger , hatred and despair : the ideology of Islamic extremism , " he said . "  In today 's struggle , we are once again facing evil men who despise freedom and despise America and aim to subject millions to their violent rule . "  We assumed this obligation before , " he said , referring to the rebuilding of Germany and Japan after World War II , a conflict that saw the loss of more than 400,000 American lives . Watch more of Bush 's speech " "  Germany and Japan , once mortal enemies , are now allies of the United States . And people across the world have reaped the benefits from that alliance , " he said . "  Today , we must do the same in Afghanistan and Iraq . ... We 'll lay the foundation of peace for generations to come . " But today 's wars differ from those of the past , Bush acknowledged , and not only because of modern technology that allows "  greater precision " in warfare . "  One challenge is that in the past , in Germany and Japan , the work of rebuilding took place in relative quiet , " he said . "  Today , we 're helping emerging democracies rebuild under fire from terrorist networks and state sponsors of terror . This is a difficult and unprecedented task -- and we 're learning as we go . " The measure of success in war has changed , he said . "  In the past ... there were public surrenders , a signing ceremony on the deck of a battleship , victory parades in American cities . Today , when the war continues after the regime has fallen , the definition of success is more complicated . " Nonetheless , he said , in Iraq and Afghanistan , there is a clear definition of success : when those countries are rid of al Qaeda , when they are economically viable , when they are democracies that can govern effectively and when they are strong allies on the war on terror . "  These successes will come , " he told the class . "  And when they do , our nation will have achieved victory , and the American people will be more secure . "	President Bush speaks at U.S. Air Force Academy graduation Wednesday Bush : "  Only way America could lose the war on terror is if we defeat ourselves " He compares the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to America 's earlier conflicts Successes in Iraq and Afghanistan "  will come , " he told the class
Mountain View , California  CNN  -- As Google prepares to add a new category to its arsenal of portable devices with tablets , the company 's mobile team is deploying ways to better tie its different systems together . It might not come as a surprise that the internet giant is using the Web to do that . Like smartphones , this new breed of tablets will run Android , an operating system developed by Google . This next version of Android , called 3.0 or Honeycomb , is its first designed for tablets but will also run on smartphones . Like Apple does with its closed system , Honeycomb will let users buy applications on computers and synchronize them between their Google gadgets . Using the Android Market website in a browser , you can browse , buy and download apps , Google announced at a news conference on the company 's main campus here on Wednesday . From the website , users can beam the app to any number of phones or tablets connected to their accounts . The phone begins downloading the app almost instantly . This feature has already been enabled automatically on Android phones . Previously , you 'd have to open the Android app on a smartphone in order to search for and download programs . Synchronizing between other family members ' phones , for example , was a hassle . In Apple 's controlled habitat , the iPhone , iPod Touch and iPad share information and apps via a central hub in the iTunes software . "  There are no wires , no syncing to computers , none of that kind of nonsense , " Chris Yerga , Android 's engineering director for cloud services , said onstage at the Android event . "  Everything just works seamlessly , syncing between the two . " The announcement reinforces Google 's philosophy of doing everything over the internet , or "  cloud " in industry parlance . Android already synchronizes personal information such as e-mail and contact lists through the Web . "  It 's the cloud that makes the experience seamless , " said Andy Rubin , who leads Android development . But the synchronization features will mean little if Google ca n't persuade smartphone customers to purchase upcoming Android tablets . So much of Wednesday 's event was focused on a walkthrough of new features that will be available to these devices . A new app called Music brings the Android system closer in line with Apple 's iPod-iPhone-iPad model . Albums and songs are organized in a screen with a heavy emphasis on cover artwork . Honeycomb also has a live video chat function that will let tablet users talk with other people who are using Gmail on a computer . Apple 's portable devices with FaceTime can talk only to Mac computers running a beta program or using Skype 's app . Skype does not offer a video-calling app for Android . The new Android software includes improved multitasking functionality , so you can see a window of what apps you were previously using looked like when you closed out of them . All of this runs thanks to a combination of hardware-acceleration techniques for smooth animations . These techniques also help drive more powerful games . Google 's partners showed a game called "  Monster Madness , " which is based on a game originally developed for the PlayStation 3 . Developers said they did n't need to make major alterations to get it to work on the tablet . They also showed an action-packed , medieval-themed game that taps into the hardware 's multicore processors . Google also attempted to woo attendees and people watching the event 's online video stream with a slew of new apps designed specifically for tablets . CNN announced onstage it will offer an Android app with iReport functions and live video capabilities . The tablets also will be able to run all of Android 's 130,000 apps designed for smartphone-sized screens . The apps will fill the tablets ' larger screens . "  We 've spent a significant amount of effort making sure that existing Android apps run well on tablets , " Hugo Barra , Android 's director of product management , said onstage . The first tablet to launch with the new version of Android is Motorola 's Xoom , which debuts this month . An exact release date and pricing have not been set . A Honeycomb tablet from LG , called the G-Slate , will come out in March , T-Mobile USA announced Tuesday evening . In addition to a camera on the front used for video chatting , that device has a pair of cameras on the back for capturing high-definition 3-D photos and video . You 'll need 3-D glasses in order to see the video on the tablet 's screen . T-Mobile and AT&T also announced more information on new Android phones this week , none of which will run the Honeycomb software at first .	Google launches a website for browsing and downloading apps Apps can be beamed to your tablets or smartphones from that site Google demonstrates many new features packaged with Motorola 's Xoom tablet
CNN  -- It was supposed to be a formality , but the Netherlands was made to sweat against Costa Rica before eventually overcoming the 2014 World Cup 's surprise package and booking a place in the semifinals Saturday . Substitute goalkeeper Tim Krul was the hero , saving two penalties to secure a 4-3 shootout victory after this tense , nervous quarterfinal finished goalless . Incredibly , the Newcastle man was brought on in the 29th minute of extra time with the sole job of denying "  Los Ticos " in the spot-kick showdown . It earned the Dutch a second consecutive semifinals appearance , having lost to Spain in the title match four years ago . Now the aim for Louis van Gaal 's men is to go one better than in South Africa . Standing in their way of another final appearance will be Argentina , which defeated Belgium in the day 's earlier game thanks to a solitary early goal from Gonzalo Higuain . Wednesday 's clash will be a repeat of the 1978 final , which Argentina won 3-1 , and the dramatic 1998 quarterfinal in which the Dutch triumphed thanks to a spectacular Dennis Bergkamp winner . On the performances of both teams Saturday , it will be difficult to pick a winner . Belgium coach Marc Wilmots described Argentina as "  ordinary " in his post-match press conference earlier in the day . Likewise , there was little that was obviously special about the Dutch against Costa Rica -- but Van Gaal 's players have recorded some impressive results at this World Cup so far . A thrilling 5-1 demolition of reigning world champion Spain was followed up with two closely fought victories over Australia and Chile . The round of 16 , meanwhile , produced a dramatic late win over an impressive Mexico side in the oppressive heat of Fortaleza . In Arena Fonte Nova , Salvador , the Oranje was faced with another Latin American opponent -- a Costa Rica team which was only the fourth side from the CONCACAF region to reach a World Cup quarterfinal . Solid defensive displays and tactical astuteness from its wily manager , Jorge Luis Pinto , had brought Los Ticos this far . Nobody expected them to get out out of a pool containing Italy , England and Uruguay , let alone as group winners . A heroic display with 10 men against Greece in the round of 16 , winning a shootout , ensured Pinto 's team would progress further than ever before . But in Van Gaal , Pinto had met his match . The Dutch master , who will take over the reigns at Manchester United once the World Cup is over , is one of the most celebrated European coaches of the last 30 years . Throughout the tournament he has switched his style , tactics and personnel depending on the demands of the opponents . A rapid counter-attacking style was deployed against Spain to devastating effect while striker Dirk Kuyt was effectively utilized as a defender against Chile to stifle the South Americans ' impressive forward line . Here , Van Gaal adopted a similarly prudent approach . Both sides started cautiously , standing off and refraining from pressing until entering each other 's territory . Whether this was down to a mark of respect or a pacing exercise in the Salvador heat was unclear , but the Dutch were the first to break the tentative rhythm . Robin van Persie was played through by Memphis Depay but Keylor Navas , who has performed admirably throughout the tournament , blocked low to his left before springing up to gather Wesley Sneijders follow-up . Moments later Navas was at it again , saving low from Depay who had been set up by Van Persie . Costa Rica had its own chances , though they were less clear cut . A series crosses peppered Jesper Cillessen 's goal but there was little to concern the men in orange until a flick from Celso Borges bounced invitingly across goal with no Costa Rican striker to tuck home . The Dutch responded with a free kick from Sneijder that was spectacularly clawed away by Navas shortly after . After the break , both managers looked to break the stalemate by shuffling their pack . Marcos Urena replaced Joel Campbell up front for Los Ticos while the Dutch also made a striking change , taking off Depay for Jeremain Lens . Then , just as it seemed the game would never break from a crawling pace , it burst into life . Arjen Robben , who Costa Rica looked to double up on all night , burst forward and , despite accentuating what was minimal contact from Giancarlo Gonzalez , won a free kick on the edge of the box . Sneijder stepped up and rattled the post with a vicious swerving shot before the ball was eventually cleared . All of a sudden , the Dutch were energized and Los Ticos were rocking . Another free kick caused chaos in the Costa Rica box and the ball dropped to Van Persie , who fired in a shot that Navas again did well to block . As the clock struck 90 minutes the Dutch had their best chance of all as Daley Blind 's low cross evaded everyone until it landed at the feet of captain Van Persie at the back post . The Manchester United striker struck the ball goalwards with Navas stranded but his shot was met by the retreating , Yeltsin Tejeda who somehow used his body to deflect the ball onto the bar and away . After what was for so long a sterile contest , the brief break before extra time barely seemed enough for the now clearly tiring players to catch their breath . The Dutch again started on the front foot as Navas made another fine save from a Ron Vlaar header . From the resultant corner , the keeper was almost caught out as he flapped at Sneijder 's cross . Klaas Jan Huntelaar was introduced at the break for defender Bruno Martins Indi as Van Gaal attempted to avoid the dreaded penalty shootout . The striker , whose injury-time penalty won the day against Mexico , was soon booked for crashing into Navas when challenging for a high ball . Costa Rica threatened next as substitute Urena broke free at the edge of the box , working a yard of space before firing a low shot that Cillessen dived to push away . Even closer was to follow at the other end . As the clock ticked down , Sneijder peeled away at the far edge of the box before setting himself and unleashing another brilliant curling strike . For once Navas was helpless . But again the woodwork came to his rescue as the midfielder 's shot bounced away of the crossbar . Penalties it would be -- but not before Van Gaal took the unorthodox decision to replace Cillesen with Krul for the shootout . "  There is no question about who will start next game , it will be Cillessen , " Van Gaal said . "  But we felt Krul was the better choice here . "  We told Krul that he would be a possibility for the penalties , but we did n't tell Cillessen , as we did n't want to ruin his preparation . " It was a bold call that would prove decisive . Krul prowled around his area in an attempt to psyche out the Costa Rica penalty takers , pointing to his eye to let them know he 'd done his homework . Maybe he had , maybe he had n't . But his efforts to unnerve his opponents worked . Krul first dived low to his left to save from Bryan Ruiz and when Dirk Kuyt drilled the Netherlands ' fourth spot-kick home , Michael Umana knew he had to score to keep his side in the competition . Sadly for Umana and the tiny Central American nation of five million souls , he could n't , as Krul again went low to his left to push the spot-kick round the post and end the dream of these most valiant of underdogs . "  We can not blame anyone because to be there at that time is not easy , " said Navas , who was named man of the match for the third time at Brazil 2014 . "  Our rivals did their job in the penalty shootout and we did n't . " Pinto admitted his team had been "  lucky throughout the game " but expressed his great pride . "  We are not a world football power but we have done very important things here , " the Colombian said . "  We go home proud of what we have done and I want to express my gratitude to the Brazilian people . "	The Netherlands into World Cup semifinals after defeating Costa Rica in Salvador Game finishes 0-0 but the Dutch win penalty shootout 4-3 Louis van Gaal 's team will now play Argentina in semifinals on Wednesday Argentina beat Belgium 1-0 in Saturday 's other quarterfinal
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actor Peter Graves , best known for his starring role on TV 's "  Mission : Impossible , " died Sunday . He was 83 . While the cause of the actor 's death was not immediately known , he apparently suffered a heart attack , his publicist said . Graves had gone to brunch with his family Sunday morning . After they returned home and entered the house , one of his daughters began to wonder why he had n't come back inside with them , said publicist Sandy Brokaw . The family went outside and found Graves had collapsed . His daughter performed CPR but was unsuccessful in reviving the actor , Brokaw said . Graves had been in good health and was celebrating 60 years of marriage and 60 years in the entertainment business . He was still pursuing work when he died , the publicist said . Share your memories of Peter Graves He is best known for playing the character Jim Phelps for all but one of the seven years "  Mission : Impossible " ran on CBS , from 1967-1973 . He won a Golden Globe in 1971 for his work on the show , and was also nominated for an Emmy . He reprised the role from 1988 to 1990 when the show resurfaced on ABC . In an interview with CNN in 1996 , Graves expressed disappointment with Hollywood 's movie version of "  Mission : Impossible " -- starring Tom Cruise -- which included none of the stars from the original TV series . Actor Jon Voight played the Phelps character . "  I am sorry that they chose to call him Phelps , " he said at the time . "  They could have solved that very easily by either having me in a scene in the very beginning , or reading a telegram from me saying , ` Hey boys , I 'm retired , gone to Hawaii . Thank you , goodbye , you take over now . ' " Graves also appeared as Capt. Clarence Oveur in the 1980 movie spoof "  Airplane ! " -- a role he originally turned down , according to the Web 's Internet Movie Database . He changed his mind after meeting with the film 's writers , according to IMDb . In recent years , Graves was part of a larger group that won an Outstanding Informational Series Emmy for the 1997 TV documentary "  Judy Garland : Beyond the Rainbow . " Graves hosted the documentary . He is survived by his wife , Joan Endress , and three daughters , Kelly , Claudia and Amanda Graves , according to IMDb . Graves was the younger brother of actor James Arness , who starred in the long-running TV series "  Gunsmoke , " as Marshal Matt Dillon . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	LAPD : The 83-year-old Peter Graves was found collapsed outside his home Daughter performed CPR but was unsuccessful in reviving the actor Graves played Jim Phelps on "  Mission : Impossible " during original run and revival Publicist says it appears Graves had a heart attack
CNN  -- Two of the biggest teams in world cycling are to merge next season , with the news that Lance Armstrong 's RadioShack squad and Luxembourg outfit Leopard-Trek are to join forces . The new team , which will be called RadioShack-Nissan-Trek , have secured sponsorship for a two-year period and will continue to be licenced in Luxembourg . A formidable line-up of 30 riders will be confirmed later this month , which will contain Leopard 's Schleck brothers Andy and Frank -- who finished second and third in this year 's Tour de France -- and world time-trial champion Fabian Cancellara . Other high-profile riders will include American Chris Horner , Germany 's Andreas Kloden , Jani Brajkovic of Slovenia , Jakob Fuglsang of Denmark and Italy 's Daniele Bennati . Team chief Johan Bruyneel announced the news on the official RadioShack website , saying : "  With our sponsors ' continuing commitment and the professionalism of our riders , I 'm confident that RadioShack-Nissan-Trek will dominate cycling for years to come . "  With Team RadioShack , we won 30 races and dominated the most important American races in 2011 . Now thanks to the presence of riders like Fabian Cancellara and the Schleck brothers , we now have the potential to win not only Classics and major stage races but Grand Tours as well . "  We are grateful our sponsors believe in this project . This is a great milestone for our team and our global sport . " Both teams are relatively new to the peloton , with RadioShack forming in 2010 around seven-time Tour de France champion Armstrong , while Leopard was set up last year and spearheaded by the Schleck brothers . The merger will free up an extra place in the 18-team Pro Tour elite section following the recent demise of HTC-Highroad and another merger between Belgian squads Omega-Pharma and QuickStep . However , one of those places is expected to be taken up by the new Australian outfit Green Edge , who have just announced the signing of top sprinter Matt Goss as one of their leaders .	RadioShack and Leopard teams to merge for 2012 season The new cycling team will be called RadioShack-Nissan-Trek The team will have 30 riders including the Schleck brothers Andy and Frank
More than 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer 's today , with another person developing the disease every 68 seconds . By 2050 , the number of people living with Alzheimer 's disease is expected to triple . As if those numbers were n't staggering enough , consider this : Alzheimer 's disease is the only cause of death among the top 10  it 's currently ranked No. 6  in the United States that ca n't be prevented , cured or slowed down . Ask any expert , and he or she will tell you that early diagnosis is key to helping patients live better day to day , so even though the disease is still progressing , the symptoms are less harsh . "  Our hope is that if we could identify patients who are developing the disease early , it would give us a much better opportunity to intervene with treatments , and it 's much more likely for those treatments to be effective , " says Dr. Keith Black , chairman of neurosurgery at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center . But while early diagnosis leads to early intervention , some news out of the 2013 Alzheimer 's Association International Conference is troubling : An expert panel found 16 online tests for Alzheimer 's disease scored poorly on scales of overall scientific validity , reliability and ethical factors . "  Self-diagnosis behavior ... is increasingly popular online , and freely accessible quizzes that call themselves ` tests ' for Alzheimer 's are available on the Internet , " says Julie Robillard , who presented the data this week in Boston . "  However , little is known about the scientific validity and reliability of these offerings and ethics-related factors , including research and commercial conflict of interest , confidentiality and consent . " "  Frankly , " Robillard adds , "  what we found online was distressing and potentially harmful . " Robillard and her colleagues at the University of British Columbia found that unique monthly visitors for the parent sites hosting the online tests reached as high as 8.8 million . At the same conference , another study concluded that the misdiagnosis of Alzheimer 's disease in Medicare patients who actually have vascular dementia or Parkinson 's disease leads to substantial excess costs of care . The study , conducted by Analysis Group , Inc. and Eli Lilly and Co. , found the costs of erroneous care to be in excess of $ 14,000 a year per patient . The silver lining : Those excess costs decline and eventually dissipate following a correct diagnosis . "  Recent developments in technology have greatly improved our ability to properly diagnose patients with cognitive impairment , " said Analysis Group 's Noam Kirson . "  Our results suggest that there are economic benefits to properly diagnosing -- as early as possible -- the cause of the cognitive impairment . " If you suspect a family member or friend is developing Alzheimer 's , take a look at these 10 warning signs of Alzheimer 's Disease , put together by the Alzheimer 's Association : 1 . Memory changes that disrupt daily life 2 . Challenges in planning or solving problems 3 . Difficulty completing familiar tasks at home , at work , or at leisure 4 . Confusion with time or place 5 . Trouble understanding visual images and spatial relationships 6 . New problems with words in speaking or writing 7 . Misplacing things and losing the ability to retrace steps 8 . Decreased or poor judgment 9 . Withdrawal from work or social activities 10 . Changes in mood and personality Rather than diagnose Alzheimer 's disease at home , head to your doctor 's office . You can also find more information at www.alz.org , or by calling the Alzheimer 's Association 's 24-hour hotline at 800272-3900 . The importance of early detection and early intervention ca n't be stressed strongly enough . It could mean added years of lucidity and life for you or someone you love . The first chapter in fighting Alzheimer 's	Early diagnosis is key for helping Alzheimer 's patients , experts say 16 online Alzheimer 's tests scored poorly on scientific validity , reliability and ethics Rather than diagnose Alzheimer 's disease at home , head to the doctor 's office
It 's become another military euphemism , along with "  collateral damage " and "  friendly fire . " The "  knock on the roof " is the Israeli military 's warning for civilians before it fires on a building and is being used extensively as Israeli airstrikes target Hamas sites in Operation Protective Edge . The Israeli Air Force developed the technique in 2009 as a way to warn civilians in Gaza to leave buildings it has identified as locations where Hamas keeps ammunition , a rocket stash or command post . But it is a controversial policy that has been criticized by human rights groups . The procedure generally begins with a phone call to the occupants to leave a building , according to Relik Shafir , a retired brigadier general in the Israel Defense Forces  IDF  and a former fighter pilot . Such places , he says , are often under constant surveillance , and the IDF has a sense of how many people live there , and how many leave . If it is still unclear whether a building is occupied , a missile that carries little or no explosive load is aimed at the roof of a building . The impact is felt , but it rarely causes casualties . "  It 's meant to get people to take us seriously , " says Shafir . There is no standard gap between the delivery of the "  dummy " missile and fully armed missiles , says Shafir . It can be minutes or even hours . It depends on how important the target is . But there are hundreds or even thousands of such places in Gaza , chosen by Hamas precisely because they complicate targeting . One dramatic example of the "  knock on the roof " appeared on social media Sunday . Distributed by the Gaza-based Watania news agency , it showed at first the impact of an unarmed rocket or missile on the roof of a house . Smoke rose from the roof ; curtains billowed from an open window . Some time later -- Watania says about 15 minutes -- two missiles slammed into the building , blowing out the facade and sending debris and thick smoke across a wide area . It 's not clear whether the occupants of the house had heeded the warning -- it may have been empty -- but no one was hurt . But human rights groups have condemned the technique -- despite the precautions . What you need to know about the country of Israel A warning or an attack ? "  In some but not all cases , families receive telephone calls from the Israeli military in advance , " said Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Director at Amnesty International . "  There is no way that firing a missile at a civilian home can constitute an effective ` warning . ' Amnesty International has documented cases of civilians killed or injured by such missiles in previous Israeli military operations on the Gaza Strip , " he said . Human rights groups in Gaza agree . "  The sending of a missile can not be considered a warning . It is the targeting of civilians with a weapon , regardless of how small , and it is a violation of the Geneva conventions , " said Mahmoud Abu Rahma of the Al Mezan Center for Human Rights . "  Imagine you are in Gaza and there are airstrikes everywhere , and many families are in the bottom floor of their home , " Abu Rahma added . "  Families miss the sound of the ` warning ' missile because it sounds like just another explosion . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman , reporting from Shabilya Friday , visited one targeted house whose residents said no warning had been received . At another property that was also destroyed , a warning had been received . But the man living next door , Raouf Abu Odeh , told CNN he did n't get any warning -- and now half of his house is also in ruins . "  When I heard there was danger , we ran away with my family . We have no bomb shelters , we have nothing . All we can do is escape , " Odeh said . It 's not clear whether any warning was delivered by any means to the home of Gaza 's police chief , Tayseer al-Batsh , on Saturday night . The missiles that hit his house killed 18 members of his extended family , including six children . When Wedeman and his team visited the ruins of the compound Monday , they found what appeared to be the reason it was targeted : evidence of reinforced tunnels . Shafir says the precision of such attacks has improved as crews have gained experience . "  The number of strikes has more than doubled compared to Operation Pillar of Defense  the 2012 conflict  , but the number of casualties is about the same , " he said . Dense area , deadly damage But even in an era of precision targeting , the impact of missiles ca n't be restricted to one house in such a densely-populated area . Many of those injured in the strike on the al-Batsh compound were hit by shrapnel as they left an adjacent mosque . In other instances , people have gathered only a short distance from a building designated for attack -- not far enough away from flying concrete , wood and metal . And the United Nations says some 70 % of those killed in the current conflict have been civilians And there has been at least one deadly miscalculation . On July 8 , eight civilians -- all members of the Kaware family -- were killed when their home in Khan Yunis was hit . According to the IDF , the family left the house after a phone warning but had returned home prematurely after a "  knock on the roof . " Perhaps they mistook it for the explosive missile . The property had been targeted because it belonged to Odeh Kaware , a senior official with the Izzedine al-Qassam Brigade . A senior air force officer told the Israeli newspaper Haaretz that it was too late to prevent the airstrike that followed the warning . "  There was nothing to be done , the munition was in the air and could not be diverted , " he said . Some in Gaza have even put themselves in harm 's way . Ten people were killed July 9 when they formed a human shield on the roof of another property belonging to the Kaware family , according to Palestinian medical and security sources . The "  knock on the roof " technique was first used in the 2009 conflict in Gaza . But it was criticized by the United Nations-appointed Goldstone Commission that investigated the conduct of both sides in that fighting . The commission said it was "  not effective as a warning and constitutes a form of attack against the civilians inhabiting the building . " "  The fact that a warning was issued does not relieve a commander and his subordinates of taking all other feasible measures to distinguish between civilians and combatants , " the commission 's report said . Oren : A smart way out of the Gaza confrontation Phone calls and leaflets The Israeli military also uses telephone messages and leaflets to warn people in Gaza to leave neighborhoods where their forces intend to target alleged Hamas facilities . On Saturday , the air force dropped thousands of leaflets across several neighborhoods in northern Gaza , warning people to leave their homes ahead of military operations against Hamas targets . "  Whoever does not adhere to these instructions and does not vacate their house immediately is subjecting their lives and the lives of their children and family to danger , " it read . In past campaigns against Hamas , the Israeli military has also commandeered television and radio signals to issue warnings . Leaflets and phone messages were used in the 2008-09 and 2012 conflicts . They were partly political ; blaming Hamas for the violence , and partly an attempt to clear areas where Israeli forces intended to focus strikes . During both conflicts , leaflets were dropped warning people not to come within 300 meters of the border . In 2012 , leaflets warned residents that terrorist organizations were hiding among them and represented a direct threat to their lives . In 2008-09 , according to an IDF report , some 2.5 million leaflets were dropped . One warned that "  anyone having ammunition and/or weapons in his home is risking his life and must leave the place for the safety of his own life and that of his family . " The same message was delivered in some 165,000 phone messages . The Goldstone Commission acknowledged "  significant efforts made by Israel " in 2008-09 to alert Gaza residents to planned attacks , but said "  the lack of specificity and thus credibility " of some of these messages had diminished their value . The leaflets can also have the effect of worsening an already difficult humanitarian situation . As people leave their homes in the current fighting , thousands end up in the care of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency , in crowded schools . They must leave their livelihoods behind . Others say they have nowhere to go . "  These are more threats than warnings , " says Abu Rahma of the Mezan Center . "  Telling 150,000 people to leave their homes when there are airstrikes all along the route and nowhere to go because every home in every place is a target . " Abu Odeh in Shabilya tells CNN , "  There 's no escape . " "  God has sealed our fate , whether we stay or leave . " Cease-fire effort collapses as rockets , airstrikes continue Running from death in Israel , waiting for it to come in Gaza Trapped in war : ` This is tyranny '	Israel 's military tries to warn civilians in Gaza ahead of a strike Sometimes a phone call precedes the "  knock on the roof " Still , human rights groups say , civilians are being killed in the fighting
Boston  CNN  -- If you lived in South Boston from the late 1970s through the mid-1990s , you either loved or loathed Whitey Bulger . He could be colorful and generous , or , if you were his enemy , it is said he could be cutthroat and cruel . In a federal courtroom in Boston on Wednesday , James "  Whitey " Bulger , who spent more than 16 years in hiding , finally faced the judicial system . Charged with murder in the killings of 19 people , Bulger , wearing jeans and a green , long-sleeved T-shirt , listened intently as prosecutors and his lawyers gave opening statements . With references to Robert Kennedy , La Cosa Nostra and the "  Troubles " in Northern Ireland , the trial of Boston 's most famous fugitive got under way . Bulger , 83 , who prosecutors said was the head of the Irish mob in Boston for nearly two decades , sat slightly hunched , watching grainy black-and-white surveillance videos of him as he appeared more than 30 years ago , trimmer and only slightly balding . In one of the clips , Bulger punches the air and uses his fingers as guns as he animatedly talks to several mob associates . Describing Bulger as a "  hands-on killer , " prosecutor Brian Kelly told the jury Bulger "  did the dirty work himself . " He described how Bulger ruthlessly shot one mob associate after attempts to strangle him failed because the rope he was using was too thick . "  You want one to the head ? " Bulger reportedly said . "  Yes , please , " the victim was said to have answered . Describing another killing , Kelly said , "  Death came calling in the form of Whitey Bulger , " who allegedly lured his victim to a phone booth and then opened fire , along with partner Steve "  The Rifleman " Flemmi . The trial is expected to take up to three months and has the potential to reveal sensational details about the mob and FBI corruption , especially if Bulger chooses to testify . His attorney , J.W. Carney , portrayed Bulger not as a killer but as the head of a successful criminal enterprise of drug trafficking , extortion and loan sharking that brought in "  millions upon millions of dollars . " His client would not leave his "  comfort zone " to kill someone in another state , as prosecutors allege . Carney took aim at rogue FBI agents and police who were on "  Bulger 's payroll , " both to protect him and to alert him to impending wiretaps , surveillance efforts and indictments . The government will try to show that Bulger committed crimes while working as an informant for the FBI , revealing to the feds the mafia 's secrets and corrupting them in the process to ignore his crimes . Bulger never worked as an informant , Carney said , adding that "  the worst thing " a person of Irish descent could do would be to inform . But the defense acknowledged for the first time that Bulger was involved in drug trafficking and that he made millions of dollars from it . The defense blamed the cooperating witnesses for the killings , saying they are falsely blaming Bulger for their own acts . Carney urged the jurors to be skeptical about the credibility of the government 's planned witnesses . "  Would you believe them beyond a reasonable doubt when you add the unbelievable incentives the government has given them ? " he asked . Bulger rose to the top of the notorious Winter Hill gang , prosecutors say , before he went into hiding for more than 16 years after an FBI agent told him in December 1994 that he was about to be indicted on federal racketeering charges . But Carney claimed Bulger fled not because he was given the heads up on an impending indictment , but because he heard on the radio that federal agents were rounding up mobsters , an account heard for the first time ever . Bulger was captured in Santa Monica , California , two years ago , living under a false name with his girlfriend in an apartment in the oceanside city . At his July 2011 arraignment , he pleaded not guilty to the 19 murder charges and 13 other counts . In the pretrial hearings , Bulger had argued he was given immunity by the FBI and a former prosecutor . A judge dismissed the claim , saying any purported immunity was not a defense against the crimes Bulger faces . Besides the slayings , Bulger is accused of using violence , force and threats to shake down South Boston 's bookmakers , loan sharks and drug dealers . The Irish mob allegedly laundered its ill-gotten gains through liquor stores , bars and other property it owned in South Boston . "  The guy is a sociopathic killer , " Tom Foley , the organized crime investigator who spent most of his career with the Massachusetts State Police trying to put Bulger behind bars , told CNN in 2011 . "  He loved that type of life . He 's one of the hardest and cruelest individuals that operated in the Boston area . He 's a bad , bad , bad guy . " Tracking suspects down : Some landmark U.S. manhunts Former Boston Globe reporter Dick Lehr , who wrote a book about Bulger , described him as a coldblooded killer whose gang went to lengths to avoid detection . "  When they killed someone -- this is pre-DNA -- they pulled the teeth out , cut the fingers off , tried to make it so the victims , if they were discovered from their graves , could n't be identified . There 's just no bottom . It does n't get much uglier than someone like Whitey Bulger , " Lehr said . Few people knew Bulger was a rat . FBI agent John Connolly , who was raised in the same housing projects as Bulger , cut a deal with the alleged mob figure in 1975 . Bulger would give information about the Italian mob -- the FBI 's prime target -- authorities said . Protected by the rogue FBI agent , Bulger got names of other informants who had dirt on him and rival gang members , people he is accused of killing . He knew when police were watching , knew when they were moving in . After he fled Boston , he spent more than a decade on the FBI 's Top 10 Most Wanted Fugitives list before his 2011 capture . His girlfriend , Catherine Greig , was sentenced to eight years in prison last summer for helping him evade capture . Connolly is serving a 50-year sentence for second-degree murder and racketeering . Prosecutors plan to call as many as 80 witnesses . Among them will be Connolly and Flemmi , who was also an informant for the FBI . He is serving life terms without parole but avoided a possible death sentence by cooperating in the hunt for Bulger . On Wednesday , Carney called Flemmi "  a psychopath without a conscience . " Other former Bulger associates are expected to be called by the prosecution . Last August , Carney said his client planned to testify . "  At this point in his life , his goal is to have the truth come out regarding how he was able to act with impunity for so long in the city of Boston , " Carney told CNN affiliate WCVB-TV . CNN 's Ross Levitt and Deborah Feyerick reported from Boston , Almasy reported and wrote from Atlanta , Ann O'Neil and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : James "  Whitey " Bulger was a "  hands-on " killer , prosecutor says NEW : Defense attorney says he was a criminal but not a killer He has pleaded not guilty to 19 murder charges , other counts The 83-year-old was captured in 2011 after 16 years in hiding
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Former Manson family member Susan Atkins has requested a "  compassionate release " from prison because she has less than six months to live , a California prisons spokeswoman said Friday . Susan Atkins , Califorina 's longest-serving female inmate , is shown in her most recent mug shot . Atkins , 60 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of actress Sharon Tate and four others . She had been incarcerated at the California Institution for Women in Corona , California . But Atkins , the state 's longest - serving female inmate , has been hospitalized since March 18 and is listed in serious condition , state corrections department spokeswoman Terry Thornton said . Because of privacy laws , Thornton would not disclose the nature of Atkins ' illness . Atkins ' husband and attorney , James Whitehouse , was quoted as saying she has been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer , according to a blog called Manson Family Today . She also has had a leg amputated , the Los Angeles Times reported Friday , citing sources close to the case . The compassionate release request has been approved by the prison , which conducted an evaluation , and is under corrections department review , Thornton said . If the department approves , the Board of Parole Hearings and the sentencing court in Los Angeles also must sign off on the request . There is no timeline for a decision to be made , Thornton said . Atkins , known within the Manson family as "  Sadie Mae Glutz , " has been in prison since 1971 and has been denied parole 11 times . According to historical accounts of the murders , Atkins stabbed Tate , who was 8 1/2 months pregnant , and scawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home the actress shared with director Roman Polanski . "  I do n't want to seem like a heartless creature , but in all my years , I never considered this could happen , " Debra Tate , the actress ' sister , told the Riverside Press-Enterprise . "  She showed no compassion . She told my sister as she slit her throat that she did n't  care  for her or her unborn baby , " Tate added . Sharon Tate and three houseguests were slain in August 1969 by killers who burst into her Benedict Canyon home . A teenager who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his cottage on the property also was killed . The following night , Leno and Rosemary LaBianca were slain in their home in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles . The two-day crime spree sent shock waves throughout Los Angeles . All of the killers remain behind bars . Atkins also was convicted in the earlier murder of music teacher Gary Hinman . Atkins , like Manson , received a death sentence , and the punishment was changed to life in prison when the California Supreme Court ruled the state 's death penalty unconsitutional in 1972 . Vincent Bugliosi , who prosecuted Atkins , told the Los Angeles Times that she "  has paid substantially , though not completely , for her horrendous crimes . Paying completely would mean imposing the death penalty . " But , he told the paper , given her terminal illness , "  I do n't have an objection to her being released . " According to her Web site , Atkins is a born-again Christian who during her incarceration has worked to aid at-risk youth , victims of violent crimes and homeless children . Last month , authorities dug for buried bodies at the Inyo County , California , ranch where Manson and his followers once lived , after police became aware that testing had indicated humans might be buried there . Nothing was found , police said .	Susan Atkins seeks "  compassionate release " from prison She is serving life sentence for role in Manson family murders of late 1960s Web site quotes husband as saying she has terminal brain cancer Request is under consideration , corrections official says
Bekaa Valley , Lebanon  CNN  -- He escaped the war , but life 's no happier now for Omar . The 8-year-old Syrian refugee longs for friends back in Qusayr , hard hit by a civil war that grinds on . He also misses days in school -- when the most he had to worry about was finishing his homework . "  I work so I can bring money for my family , " says Omar . His mother , like other refugees , asked that their last names not be used as they are worried for their safety . Eddie Izzard : In Syrian refugee camps , another day of childhood is lost I met Omar on a hot , dusty day in Lebanon 's wind-swept Bekaa Valley . We were interviewing his mother when Omar and his 14-year-old brother came zooming by on a motorbike . They had just finished gathering eggs at a nearby farm -- what little money the kids make is the only way their family is able to survive . The job is hard , but Omar went through an even more difficult experience recently . "  They hit us , " he says timidly , describing how Lebanese boys his age beat him up . "  They said to me , " he adds , embarrassed and close to tears , " ` Damn every Syrian . ' " Omar now faces a different kind of brutality -- a harsh reality reflected in the weary faces of kids all around . Their eyes make them seem far older . There 's no childhood spark , with smiles few and far between . I ask a 15-year-old girl what life 's been like for her here . "  Life ? " She asks unbelievingly -- as if the question were a farce . "  We manage to live , but it 's nothing like before . " She 's forced to share a small tent with nine others . She says her circumstances are difficult , but at the same time , she feels blessed with what her family even has . In makeshift refugee camps such as this one , the overwhelming feeling is sadness . The Syrians interviewed say they ca n't believe their lives have come to this -- adding how they 're not just destitute , but they 're also facing discrimination . Bushra , a Syrian woman in her 40s , says she 's still shocked at the kinds of hateful words she 's heard since arriving . "  Some people say to me , ` God bless Bashar al-Assad 's hands , ' " she says , " ` the hands that slaughtered you all -- you deserve worse . ' " Bushra says it 's told as a joke , but she and her family are n't laughing . The United Nations says more than 600,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring Lebanon , a tiny country of about 4 million people . Aid workers warn resentment toward Syrian refugees is on the rise here . "  The crisis entered its third year now , " says Patricia Mouammar with World Vision , a humanitarian aid and development organization . "  And the Lebanese community -- even though very generous at the beginning of this crisis , now they can not take the burden . " Mouammar says there are many reasons for increasing tensions . "  Rent -- the prices of the rent have gone up , up to 400 % in some areas , " she says . "  Salary wages plummeted , and Syrian refugees are working for less , and they 're sharing homes with multiple families . And everyone is feeling that -- everyone is feeling the burden on the Lebanese hosting communities . " Mouammar says her organization is "  calling for the humanitarian aid to direct more assistance toward both communities -- the Syrian refugees and the Lebanese communities . " It 's gotten so bad that some Lebanese families have even been displaced . Taha , a Lebanese father , says his family 's former landlord kicked them out when a recently arrived Syrian family was willing to pay double the rent . His younger son 's anger is clear as day . "  The Syrians took our world away from us , " says 9-year-old Iyad . "  There 's nothing left for us . " His father 's outrage , however , is reserved for others . "  We 're not against Syrians -- we have to help the refugees , " Taha says . "  But our government has to take care of us , too . " Pointing to his oldest , he says , "  My son here , now he has to work too -- it 's awful . " There 's no indication the teenager has heard us . He sits and stares -- his hopelessness and exhaustion apparent . He is n't just drained . Like so many Syrian children , he 's also desperate . Syrian refugees plead with U.S. secretary of state in Jordan Syrian refugees flood Jordanian town	More than 600,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring Lebanon , U.N. says Resentment toward Syrian refugees is on the rise in Lebanon Syrians say they 're destitute and face discrimination in new country "  The Syrians took our world away from us , " Lebanese boy says
CNN  -- It was the most neck-breaking assignment I 've ever covered . For 15 long minutes I strained my neck looking upwards as I interviewed the seven-foot-six Yao Ming just after he was drafted to the North American National Basketball Association 's  NBA  No. 1 pick in 2003 . Yao was the first ever NBA No. 1 pick from overseas . "  I 'm happy to join the Houston rockets , " he told me . "  Hi , Houston . I 'm coming . " That was all he could say when I asked him to say something in English on camera . As an NBA rookie , he was then about to sign a four-year contract with the Rockets worth about $ 9 million , a mind-boggling bonanza considering the average yearly income per person in China then was less than $ 1,000 . The Shanghai phenomenon confessed to feeling the pressure of representing one billion Chinese in the NBA . Yao Ming 's lost legacy But he had other pressing matters in mind . "  I have to learn to drive , " he said . Not everyone believed Yao could make the grade in the NBA . Charles Barkley , a retired NBA star and a TV commentator , was so skeptical he promised to kiss a donkey 's behind if Yao scored more than 19 points in a game in his debut season . Yao did and Barkley kissed a donkey 's rear end . "  There are very few people that skilled at that size , " basketball commentator P.J. Carlesimo , observed then . "  He has a lot of things you ca n't teach . " I quickly became a Yao fan . I watched every Yao game I could catch on TV . But I , too , wondered : Could Yao adapt to the rough-and-tumble world of the NBA ? Is he tough enough to play against chest-thumping superstars like Shaquille O'Neal ? And how long before he will be talking trash , shoving referees and snubbing fans ? Yao turned out to be a real giant in every way . Yao was such a towering presence he could easily dunk the ball unless he is double or triple-teamed . You can not teach height , as they say in basketball . But he was also equipped with a soft shooting touch that enabled him to score from the outside . "  For a big guy , Yao had excellent basketball IQ , " says Ma Jian , 41 , a retired national team player who played for Utah in the NCAA in the 1990s . "  He worked the hardest , too . " In the nine years he played in the NBA , Yao averaged 19 points , 9.2 rebounds , and 1.9 blocks . His field-goal average : 52.4 % . He was voted an All-Star player in the league eight times . I also admired Yao for his maturity and modesty . On court , Yao was pugnacious but never repugnant . Off court he was witty but never smart-alecky . When the Shanghai Sharks , his former basketball team in China , retired his number , Yao took out a full page thank you ad in Chinese newspapers that said : "  How does a single blade of grass thank the sun ? " Next to the giant panda perhaps , Yao is the most recognizable -- and likable -- Chinese face . "  He 's just such an affable person with a great sense of humor , " recalls Colin Pine , who served as Yao 's personal translator during his first few years at Houston . Often described as the "  Smiling Giant , " his wholesome image helped change some of the stereotypical images of China overseas . Admirers say Yao has done more for improving China 's image overseas than any modern-day politician or diplomat . "  Yao has become a cultural ambassador who promotes Chinese culture to the world , " writes the Chinese-language paper Basketball Pioneer . "  To quote Kobe Bryant , he has ` built a bridge between each of us . ' " Yao , 31 , is scheduled to meet the press on July 20 to talk about his "  future personal development plans " . If he retires this summer , Yao would leave behind a giant void . "  He is the core of China 's basketball , " says Ma Jian , who often works as a sports commentator . "  He is the face of basketball and the NBA in China . " Will Yao Ming 's departure endanger the NBA in China ? He is also one of the richest men in China , having made millions of dollars in NBA salaries and commercial endorsements . He endorses Chinese brands like China Unicom and China Life Insurance , and global brands like Pepsi , Visa and McDonald 's . He has even bought ownership of his old team , the Shanghai Sharks , a title-contender in China 's local basketball league . What kind of legacy will Yao leave behind ? "  Too soon to tell , " says Jiang Yi , managing editor of Sports Illustrated China , a bimonthly Chinese-language magazine . "  He 's just starting to make greater things happen . " Observers here say Yao can make a huge impact even in retirement . "  He can use his experience , resources and influence to do many things , " says Ma Jian , who works as a sports newscaster and promotes a high school-level league . "  We need a lot of good coaches , teachers , grassroots programs -- just some of things he can support . We need a lot of Yao Mings who have the passion for basketball . " We in the media have dubbed the Yao years the "  Ming dynasty . " To the Chinese he has indeed been a regal presence . They just wish the dynasty was n't ending so soon .	China 's Yao Ming to announce on July 20 his "  future personal development plans " Yao Ming was drafted to the NBA No. 1 pick in 2003 Yao Ming was voted an All-Star player in the NBA league eight times Admirers say Yao has done more for China 's image overseas than any politician or diplomat
CNN  The Chinese government has declared the Internet to be the new battlefield in its fight against "  pornography and unlawful information . " The chilling reality is that the main casualty of this cyberwar is freedom of expression . China 's Internet model is one of extreme control . The authorities use an army of censors to stifle dissent . In January , the Orwellian "  State Internet Information Office " announced it had shut down scores of websites and more than 100 social media accounts for "  distorting history of the Communist Party and the nation . " Under the guise of a campaign to ensure social stability , the Chinese authorities suppress online debate on a range of legitimate issues . Dozens of phrases are censored on social media including any mention of the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown or the recent Hong Kong pro-democracy protests . Thousands of websites , including Wikipedia , Facebook , Instagram and Twitter remain blocked . While the new battlefield is virtual , the impact on people 's lives is real and devastating . Since President Xi Jinping came to power , hundreds of people have been detained solely for expressing their peaceful views online . It is women 's rights activists , anti-corruption and environmental campaigners , and those urging debate on political and legal reforms who fall foul of online censors . Su Changlan was detained by police in October 2014 . Her apparent "  crime " was to have posted comments online in support of Hong Kong 's pro-democracy protests . She faces charges of "  inciting subversion of state power , " and a potential sentence of life imprisonment . Liu Ping , a 45-year-old mother and grassroots activist , languishes in jail right now . Last June , she was sentenced to six years in prison on the charge of "  picking quarrels and provoking troubles " for publicly calling on the Chinese government to step up the fight against corruption . Liu Ping 's online posts of photos of her holding banners calling for transparency , and transcripts of Skype chats with foreign media , were used to condemn her at her trial . The paradox is that President Xi has made great mileage out of his own anti-corruption drive . The persecution of Liu Ping , and many others that raise these issues only underlines the hypocrisy of the current leadership . This online attack is part of the worst crackdown against freedom of expression in China in more than a decade . Under President Xi , it is an assault on all fronts : in academia , in the media , civil society and online . Ilham Tohti , an economics professor at Central University for Nationalities in Beijing and the founder of the "  Uyghur Online " website was sentenced to life imprisonment in September 2014 on charges of "  separatism . " The charge was based on his online articles , university lectures and interviews with foreign media . He worked to peacefully build bridges between ethnic communities and often criticized government policies that promoted discrimination . I have not seen evidence that his words did otherwise . The Chinese authorities abuse the law to suppress online freedom and target critical voices , yet have the guile to portray such persecution as evidence of the rule of law in action . Far from relenting , the government is introducing a swath of regressive legislation and regulations in a further assault against online privacy and freedom of expression . A new , vaguely worded draft anti-terror law lacks sufficient safeguards and gives the authorities virtually a free rein to collect information on individuals ' online activities . All Internet and telecommunication service providers operating in China would be required to give the government backdoor access to their systems and details about the encryption used . Yes , the government has a responsibility to ensure national security and to combat serious crime , but such measures must be targeted and proportionate to the threat . Internet companies doing business in China must also take all possible efforts to avoid contributing to human rights abuses . At the international level the Chinese government looks to legitimize its actions . China 's charismatic "  Internet Czar , " Lu Wei , extolls the concept of "  internet sovereignty " and promotes it as an acceptable global model . This initiative must not go unchallenged . Internet sovereignty in China equals censorship and persecution ; a web to trap thousands of individuals peacefully expressing different views online . While the immediate outlook is bleak , there is hope . The Internet has proved invaluable to the development of human rights -- revolutionizing access to information and improving transparency and accountability . For every online critic the Chinese authorities imprison , there are scores more prepared to speak out despite the risks . It is with these courageous individuals that those of us who value online freedom must stand united . The battle to promote Internet sovereignty and silence all critical voices is one the Chinese authorities must not be allowed to win . The opinions expressed here are solely those of the author	China 's Internet model is one of extreme control , says Amnesty 's East Asia director Chinese authorities suppress online debate on a range of legitimate issues , she says While the battlefield is virtual , the impact on people 's lives is real and devastating , she adds .
"  The Wizard of Oz , " one of the most beloved movies of all time , celebrates the 75th anniversary of its release this month . Here are some things you may not have known about the film : 1 . That makeup was killer Makeup in 1939 , especially the elaborate and colorful cosmetics many members of the cast wore , was n't as safe as the stuff performers wear today . In fact , some of it was downright deadly . Buddy Ebsen , who was originally cast as the Tin Man , had to leave the film when his lungs became infected by aluminum dust . The makeup was adjusted for Jack Haley , but he still remembered it as "  awful . " Margaret Hamilton 's copper-based makeup as the Wicked Witch was poisonous , so she lived on a liquid diet during the film , and the makeup was carefully cleaned off her each day . Bert Lahr 's Cowardly Lion costume was so heavy -- "  like carrying a mattress around , " said his makeup man -- that he 'd emerged drenched at the end of shooting . Even Ray Bolger 's Scarecrow face left permanent marks . 2 . Poor Margaret Hamilton The actress has frightened generations of "  Oz " fans with her portrayal of the Wicked Witch of the West , but the makeup she wore was n't the only indignity . She was burned in one scene . Also , though she played an old crone , she was just 36 at the time . 3 . A Frank coincidence When the wardrobe department was fishing around for a jacket for Professor Marvel  Frank Morgan  , some MGM staffers bought a bunch at a second-hand store . One of them fit Morgan perfectly . When he checked the label , it said "  L. Frank Baum " -- the author of the "  Oz " books . Yeah , it 's classified as "  legend " by Snopes.com , but it still makes for a great story . 4 . You 're a rich dog , too Toto , actually named Terry , was paid $ 125 a week for her services .  Yes , Toto was a female .  Judy Garland got $ 500 a week for a lot more work , and no doubt many of the extras got much less than the dog .  According to Jerry Maren , who played a Munchkin , the Munchkins got $ 50 a week . 5 . Changing colors The lights required for Technicolor were so bright that Dorothy 's dress , which appears blue and white , was actually blue and pink . Also , the slippers -- silver in Baum 's book -- were made red to show off the process . Incidentally , the five known pairs from the film are each worth $ 1.5 million today . 6 . Oscar ! Oscar ! "  The Wizard of Oz " was hugely successful in its initial run and nominated for six Oscars  though one of them , for color cinematography , is considered "  unofficial " on the Academy 's database  . It won two , one for its score , one for "  Over the Rainbow " -- which was almost cut from the film . Director Victor Fleming came out well , too . Though not nominated for "  Oz , " he won for directing the year 's best picture winner , "  Gone with the Wind . " 7 . ` Dark Side ' of the rainbow At some point in the '90s , word went around that Pink Floyd 's 1973 album "  Dark Side of the Moon " synced up with the movie in eerie ways . Though members of Floyd swear it 's pure coincidence -- and psychologists will tell you that we see links where we want to -- some of the matchups are striking : "  The Great Gig in the Sky " meshes well with the tornado ; the old Side 1 of the album ends just as the sepia-colored portion of the movie does ; and the heartbeat at the album 's close coincides with Dorothy listening to the Tin Man 's torso . Even if it 's bull , it still makes for entertaining watching .	The classic film celebrates its 75th anniversary this year There is enduring fascination with "  The Wizard of Oz " Fans still clamoring for "  fun facts "
CNN  -- Novelist Michael Peterson walked out of a North Carolina jail Thursday , eight years after he was convicted of murdering his wife . A jury convicted Peterson in October 2003 of murder , siding with prosecutors who argued he had bludgeoned Kathleen Peterson to death in the stairwell of their Durham home . But on Wednesday , Judge Orlando Hudson ruled that Peterson deserved a new trial and finding that North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation agent Duane Deaver had misled jurors about bloodstain evidence . Deaver was fired by the agency last January . Peterson addressed the press after being released Thursday on bond . "  I have waited over eight years -- 2,988 days as a matter of fact ... for an opportunity to have a retrial , " Peterson said , while surrounded by family . "  I want to thank Judge Hudson for giving me that opportunity so that I can vindicate myself and prove my innocence , in a fair trial this time . " His son , Clayton Peterson , told CNN affiliate WRAL that he was happy to hear Thursday that his father could get out of jail -- in contrast to his feelings after the verdict came down . "  I sort of went numb , just like I did when I heard guilty , " he said . "  I love Kathleen more than anything , but he did n't do it . He told me , and I know it and I believe it with my heart . " But Caitlin Atwater , Peterson 's stepdaughter , was far less enthusiastic in her remarks . "  My thoughts , as always , are focused on the loss of my Mom -- a wonderful , beautiful and vibrant person , " Atwater said . "  She meant much to Durham and everything to me . Michael Peterson is still charged with her murder , and this is still in the hands of the justice system . " Peterson , now 68 , had made a frantic 911 call on December 9 , 2001 , about his wife of five years . Police initially believed Kathleen Peterson died as a result of an accidental fall down a flight of stairs , but the sheer volume of blood at the scene and a coroner 's report that she had several head lacerations changed their minds . Sixty-five witnesses testified , and more than 800 pieces of evidence were presented , over the course of Peterson 's three-month trial in 2003 . The jury of five men and seven women deliberated 15 hours over five days before reaching their decision . According to the North Carolina Department of Correction 's website , Peterson has had eight infractions since being incarcerated -- including four last year alone , with two for disobeying an order and one each for creating an "  offensive condition " and theft of property . His books include "  The Immortal Dragon , " "  Charlie Two Shoes and the Marines of Love Company " and "  A Time of War . " Peterson 's attorney , David Rudolf , predicted that the next trial will be "  very very different " than the first one . "  Some of the evidence that was introduced at the first trial simply will be inadmissible , " Rudolf told HLN 's Vinne Politan on Thursday . "  Second of all , Duane Deaver was all over that scene for days and days . "	NEW : Peterson 's attorney says "  Duane Deaver was all over that scene for days " NEW : Peterson 's son lauds the judge 's decision , yet his stepsister is more guarded In 2003 , a grand jury convicted Michael Peterson of murdering his wife A judge has granted him a new trial , saying an agent had misled jurors in his testimony
CNN  -- Inter Milan have been hit with a $ 50,000  $ 65,500  fine after their fans racially abused AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli during Sunday 's derby match at the San Siro . Balotelli was making just his fourth appearance for Milan against city rivals Inter , a team with which he spent four years between 2006 and 2010 . The sanction comes after Inter 's fans chanted racial slurs at the 22-year-old Italy star , as well as displaying offensive banners and aiming a laser pen at the 22-year-old , who signed from English Premier League champiins Manchester City in January . Balotelli himself was fined $ 10,000  $ 13,000  for aiming a gesture at fans as he headed down the tunnel at the end of the 1-1 draw . A statement from the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  cited chanting which started in the 11th minute and was repeated in the 15th , 16th and 19th minutes . The punishment is also for similar chants directed at another player in the 30th and 44th minutes of the first half . Reports suggested Inter fans waved inflatable bananas , although there was no evidence connecting the objects with any incidents of racism . Inter were fined $ 15,000  $ 19,000  earlier this month after their fans chanted racist abuse about Balotelli during a match with Chievo . It is the second time in recent months an AC Milan player has been the target of abuse . During an exhibition match with Fourth Division team Pro Patria in January , Ghanaian midfielder Kevin Prince-Boateng walked off the pitch after he was subject to monkey chants . Balotelli was at the center of an embarrassing incident for the AC Milan hierarchy just days after signing for the team . Paolo Berlusconi , the club 's vice president and younger brother of owner and former Italian prime minister Silvio , referred to Balotelli as "  the family 's little black boy . " Balotelli has made an instant impact on his return to Serie A , scoring four goals in four games as Milan climbed above Inter in the table and into fourth place . The striker 's time at Manchester City was dominated by controversy , including an altercation with manager Roberto Mancini on the club 's training ground .	Inter Milan fined $ 65,500 for racist abuse during Sunday 's derby with AC Milan Inter fans directed taunts at their former player Mario Balotelli Fans also displayed offensive banners , used a laser pen and abused a second player Balotelli fined for gesturing at fans as he left the pitch
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Phil Lesh is on the phone . Bob Weir and Phil Lesh will be taking part in The Dead 's April-May tour . "  I wish I could say I once quit my job to follow the Grateful Dead in my VW bus , " I tell him . "  But honestly , I 'm just not that cool . " The bass player chuckles . "  It 's mostly trust-fund kids , " he confides . "  They 're the only ones who are able to do that . " I guess you could say I 'm a wannabe Deadhead . Like many Americans , I 'm fascinated by tales of the Grateful Dead 's improvisational live shows and colorful sense of community . Some 40-odd years after the group rose out of San Francisco 's Haight-Ashbury scene of the mid-1960s , there 's even a popular Sirius Satellite Radio channel devoted solely to the legendary jam band . A few days ago , the four surviving members of the Grateful Dead dropped a sweet New Year 's gift on fans -- they 'll reunite for their first concert tour in five years . Just as they did on their last outing , Lesh , guitarist Bob Weir and drummers Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann will perform under the shortened moniker The Dead . It 's a reverent nod to their iconic lead guitarist , Jerry Garcia , who died from a heart attack in 1995 after a long struggle with drug addiction . Under the banner , "  An Evening With , " the trek will encompass 19 shows in 16 cities , kicking off April 12 in Greensboro , North Carolina , and wrapping up May 10 in Mountain View , California . The quartet will be joined by guitarist Warren Haynes and keyboardist Jeff Chimenti . iReport.com : Step back to the 1970s The reunion is something that 's been rumored since Lesh , Weir and Hart headlined a "  Deadheads for Obama " concert in San Francisco last February . Kreutzmann was in Hawaii that night , but he was there in spirit . iReport : Are you grateful for a Dead tour ? "  We 've never , ever endorsed a candidate -- ever , " Lesh states emphatically . "  Not even Robert Kennedy . It was a big deal for all of us . But this was the time , and this was the man . " Accompanied by his wife , Jill , and their youngest son , Brian , Lesh even traveled to Reno to knock on doors , in an effort to get out the vote in Nevada -- a battleground state that ultimately went to Barack Obama . Did anyone recognize him when they answered the door ? "  Not really . Reno is not really a stronghold of Dead-dom , " he deadpans . Lesh downplays the band 's legacy as founding fathers of a jam band scene that now includes such free-form artists as Phish , the String Cheese Incident and Blues Traveler . "  All we did was steal what jazz musicians did and apply it to rock 'n' roll . If we did n't do it , someone else would have , " he says . For the tour , look for The Dead to continue their trademark three-and-a-half to four-hour shows  because of their marathon set , there 's no time for an opening act  . "  We 've been accused of being under-arranged . We 've also been accused of noodling , " says Lesh . "  We make it different , make it new every night . We never play the same licks or the same fills twice . There is a set list -- more or less -- but Bobby , in particular , likes to stick things in . " iReport.com : Spending time with Bob Weir poolside The upcoming tour will feature mostly "  Grateful Dead classics -- the things people like to hear , " he says , so expect performances of "  Truckin ' , " "  Casey Jones , " perhaps the band 's sole Top 10 hit , "  Touch of Grey , " and maybe even the Holy Grail of Dead jams , "  Dark Star . " Presale tickets go on sale January 13 -- and even though sold-out shows have been a way of life for The Dead , Lesh is n't taking their fan base for granted . "  It 's rough times . Of course it 's an object of concern , " he says . "  All you can do is play the best music you can , and hope people can get out to hear it . " iReport.com : Colorful tie-dyes and painted buses are never out of style All The Dead 's members are in their 60s , with Lesh the elder statesman at 68 . Two years ago , he underwent surgery for prostate cancer . "  I 'm pretty much recovered from that now . I eat right , exercise and work out with weights three days a week , " he says . He listens to jazz and classical music in his free time , and continues working on his side project , Phil Lesh and Friends . Two of his musical "  friends " are his sons , Brian , a student at Princeton , and Grahame , who will be graduating from Stanford this year . Lesh hopes they 'll make a guest appearance when The Dead hits their town -- if it does n't interfere with their finals . iReport.com : Young fan sneaks out for rally show When The Dead announced this tour , Bob Weir released a statement . "  We 've got some unfinished business , " he said . Lesh goes a step further . "  We 've got some unfinished music , " Lesh clarifies . "  We 're all still evolving in our own ways . You can always improve your playing . Let 's see what kind of a goulash we can make out of it . Besides , " he adds , "  I just got two new electric basses . "	The Dead -- surviving members of the Grateful Dead -- will start a tour in April Band did a special concert for Barack Obama last year Phil Lesh on group 's jam influence : "  If we did n't do it , someone else would have " iReport.com : Share photos from your "  Dead Head " days
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Five American service members were killed Thursday after an improvised explosive device detonated in southern Afghanistan , officials said . The attack occurred several days after 30 Americans died in a helicopter crash in central-eastern Afghanistan . That was America 's worst single-incident loss of life since the war began . No other details were provided regarding Thursday 's incident . On Wednesday , Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Mohammad Zahir Azimi told reporters that coalition forces had killed 189 militants in joint operations against Taliban insurgents across the country in the past three weeks . Azimi announced that 362 insurgents had been detained since July 23 , as NATO and Afghan forces stepped up raids against Taliban strongholds . "  We 've increased our efforts over the last several months , " said Lt. Cmdr. Jimmie Cummings , a spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan . "  The focus is to allow them to have less and less  in terms of  safe havens . " But a Taliban spokesman rejected the insurgent casualty figure cited by the Defense Ministry in what appears to be the latest example of coalition forces vying with insurgents in attempting to control information from the battlefield . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said fewer than 30 militants had been killed during that time , adding that the insurgency had stepped up its guerrilla tactics and mine attacks . Mujahid also rejected an earlier NATO statement that said coalition forces had killed insurgents responsible for the downing in eastern Afghanistan of a CH-47 Chinook helicopter that left 38 U.S. and Afghan personnel dead . He said a NATO airstrike killed a separate group of insurgents , while those responsible for Saturday 's strike slipped into a separate Afghan province . He did not elaborate , and CNN could not independently confirm the claims . Al Jazeera aired Thursday video of what it said was wreckage of the helicopter . The video shows unspent shells ; papers in English and rubble . "  These are the only pictures of the helicopter remains that NATO forces were not able to hide , " the narrator says . "  It 's apparent that the helicopter did not only fall , but it exploded and scattered . " Saturday 's attack on the helicopter represented a major blow to America 's most elite fighting unit : 17 U.S. Navy Seals were killed along with other special operations forces , Afghan commandos and a civilian translator . U.S. Special Operations Forces have conducted at least 2,500 raids by helicopter in the last year and Saturday 's strike was the first during that time in which an aircraft supporting operations was lost , ISAF said . Meanwhile , the country faces looming questions over its long-term stability and the prospect of a resurgence by the Taliban as a security handover and NATO drawdown take place . But it remains unclear whether recent attacks by Taliban fighters represent newfound insurgent strength . In May , the Taliban launched what they called a Spring Offensive against Afghan and NATO forces , in a wave of attacks that has continued into late summer . But NATO forces , bolstered by last year 's "  surge " of 33,000 additional U.S. troops , say they have increased operations against Taliban safe havens , pushing insurgents from strongholds in the south and east . Meanwhile , 10,000 U.S. soldiers are scheduled to depart Afghanistan by year 's end , with the full drawdown set for the end of 2014 . Western diplomats , however , predict a NATO military presence will extend beyond the drawdown date . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and Kamal Ghattas contributed to this report .	NEW : Al Jazeera airs video of what it says is helicopter wreckage American service members die in an improvised explosive device attack Coalition forces have killed 189 militants since July 23 The Taliban disputes that number
CNN  -- "  You did n't build that . " That July comment by President Barack Obama was the cornerstone of this year 's Republican National Convention . Republicans have seized on the phrase -- a seemingly stray clause in a line Obama delivered at a campaign stop in Virginia -- as a kind of Freudian slip that reveals the president 's hostility to free enterprise . The statements : The phrase "  We Built It " was the backdrop for speaker after speaker during Tuesday night 's convention proceedings , and speakers have invoked it to paint Obama as an out-of-touch , big-government liberal . "  That makes me think that Barack Obama has a problem with the American dream , " GOP Chairman Reince Priebus said Tuesday . "  He said , ` You did n't build it . ' Translation : ` It does n't rightly belong to you , ' " former Arkansas governor and 2008 presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee chimed in Wednesday . House Speaker John Boehner delivered what may have been the most epic recounting of the line , putting it in the context of his family 's Cincinnati tavern : "  Now , let 's say a guy walked into our bar , and before he could say anything , he overheard a regular telling his story , " Boehner said Tuesday night . "  Turns out this guy ran a small business , got involved in it while he was in school . Then , out of nowhere , his business partner died . They had just one customer . So he fought like hell through sleepless nights and close calls ... Now , if a guy walked into a bar and heard that story , and he said , ` Well , if you 've got a business , you did n't build that , ' well , you know what we 'd do with him , do n't you ? We 'd throw him out . " Vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan invoked it in his acceptance speech Wednesday , praising small business owners who show up "  to open the door at 5 in the morning . " "  Nobody did their thinking , and worrying , and sweating for them , " Ryan said . "  After all that work , and in a bad economy , it sure does n't help to hear from their president that government gets the credit . What they deserve to hear is the truth : Yes , you did build that . " The clips that ran between speakers at the GOP convention took things further , heavily editing Obama 's remarks to set up television-ready vignettes with business owners who took umbrage at the comment . "  Look , if you 've been successful , you did n't get there on your own . You did n't get there on your own . I 'm always struck by people who think , well , it must be because I was just so smart . There are a lot of smart people out there . It must be because I worked harder than everybody else ... If you 've got a business -- you did n't build that . Somebody else made that happen , " was what delegates heard over the PA system . Fact Check : Trimming the Pentagon The facts : Obama 's remark came at a July 13 speech at a firehouse in Roanoke , Virginia , where he attacked Republican opposition to his economic plans and defended the role of government in promoting economic growth . It is true that he used the phrase , "  you did n't build that . " Here is the full text : "  Look , if you 've been successful , you did n't get there on your own , " he said . "  You did n't get there on your own . I 'm always struck by people who think , well , it must be because I was just so smart . There are a lot of smart people out there . It must be because I worked harder than everybody else . Let me tell you something -- there are a whole bunch of hardworking people out there . "  If you were successful , somebody along the line gave you some help . There was a great teacher somewhere in your life . Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive . Somebody invested in roads and bridges . "  If you 've got a business -- you did n't build that , " he continued . "  Somebody else made that happen . The Internet did n't get invented on its own . Government research created the Internet so that all the companies could make money off the internet . The point is , is that when we succeed , we succeed because of our individual initiative , but also because we do things together . There are some things , just like fighting fires , we do n't do on our own . " So there it is . Everything before and after "  You did n't build that " refers to infrastructure , education and public services . Obama released a rebuttal to the criticism within two weeks of his Roanoke appearance . In a television spot , the president tells viewers , "  Of course Americans build their own business . Everyday hardworking people sacrifice to meet a payroll , create jobs , and make our economy run . And what I said was that we need to stand behind them , as America always has . By investing in education , training , roads and bridges , research and technology . " He called ads that used the edited version of his remarks "  flat-out wrong . " Fact Check : Most Americans think today 's kids will do worse ? The conclusion : It 's a classic example of a remark being taken out of context . CNN 's Matt Smith , Amy Roberts and Christine Brazill contributed to this report .	Obama 's "  You did n't build that " line was the heart of the GOP convention attack Republicans say the attack reveals Obama 's disdain for entrepreneurs But the line has been taken out of context , a look at the transcript shows
CNN  -- Rangers at Yosemite National Park in California recovered the body of a Minnesota man who fell to his death from a cliff near a waterfall , park officials said Tuesday in a news release . Kenneth Stensby , 73 , of Edina , Minnesota , left a note with the concierge of his hotel on Sunday saying he was going to the top of Vernal Fall and planned to return around noon , officials said . The hotel staff contacted rangers around 5 p.m. when Stensby had not yet returned . Park officials conducted a search on foot with a dog team and a California Highway Patrol helicopter , and Stensby 's body was found at the base of the 317-foot waterfall around 6 p.m. Monday , the release said . It was recovered Tuesday afternoon . Three California hikers died in 2011 when they were swept over Vernal Fall after climbing over a guardrail into the Merced River about 25 feet away from the waterfall . 2012 : Boy drowns , another missing in Yosemite river 2011 : Bodies of missing hikers swept over waterfall recovered	Kenneth Stensby , 73 , of Minnesota was found dead at the base of Vernal Fall Staff at the hiker 's hotel alerted authorities when he did not return as expected Three California hikers were swept over the 317-foot waterfall in 2011
CNN  -- I spent a restless night , worrying that another man-made disaster might devastate my beloved hometown , New Orleans , just as its post-Katrina motto "  Recover , Rebuild , Rebirth " was becoming real . The oil spill could n't come at a worse time . Everybody was so up , waiting for the inauguration of our newly elected Mayor Mitch Landrieu . The BP oil spill threatens New Orleans and the entire Gulf Coast in a way that 's more insidious than Hurricane Katrina . After all , the failure of the levees and the response from the previous administration , widely criticized for incompetence and indifference , followed an act of nature : the destruction , immediate ; the impact , obvious ; and the pain and suffering , visible to all . The BP disaster has only one cause : human greed , and the almost inevitable result , negligence . The immediate tragedy was that 11 people died . But the destruction that will result from BP 's "  crude river " will be long-term and the impact far from obvious . The "  crude river " will spawn streams of suffering : economic , environmental and emotional . So as the "  Big Muddy " fights the "  Big Cruddy , " how do we assess the players ? And what actions should be taken against rigged disasters , both once and future ? First , we must hold BP accountable and responsible . Was it an accident ? Only if we define "  accident " as negligence . The failure of the "  shear ram , " the set of steel blades intended to slash through a pipe at the top of a well and close off the flow of crude , should not have surprised BP or the corporations that work for it . Eight years ago , the Minerals Management Service found that 50 percent of the shear rams tested failed . So calling the failure of the "  last resort device " an accident is like calling the damage caused by a drunken driver an accident . Failure to take the proper precautions is not an accident ; it 's negligence . BP has rightly accepted responsibility . We may grant the company a skeptical benefit of the doubt regarding its willingness to pay for the cleanup and the damages . We should , however , monitor its PR-to-payout ratio . But we should not lose sight of the role of companies like Halliburton , under investigation because it was responsible for the cement seal that apparently leaked ; Cameron International , which supplied the rig 's blowout prevention system ; or Transocean , which manufactured the rig . As the federal government begins its investigation , it should ask not only who was negligent , but why . To what extent did profit preclude prudence ? Since BP ca n't contain the spill -- rather , the river , which is what it really is -- government at all levels must do what it 's supposed to do , and do it right . For example , officials should carry out Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser 's plan to deploy local fishermen with booms on movable platforms in the Gulf , ready to "  draw a line in the sand , " depending on how the oil moves . Gov. Bobby Jindal has approved . Already the response from the Obama administration exceeds that of the federal response to Katrina , and the oil has n't yet begun to cause the catastrophic damage we all fear . The morning after the explosion , Deputy Secretary of the Interior David J. Hayes was sent to the Gulf . The morning after the explosion , Deputy Secretary of the Interior David J. Hayes was sent to the Gulf . President Obama began monitoring the situation , staying in contact with the governors of the five Gulf states , making sure every available resource be at their disposal and ordering a coordinated Cabinet-level response . Here are a few authorizations the president has made , before his personal visit .  The U.S. Coast Guard ; the Departments of Homeland Security , Commerce and Interior ; and the Environmental Protection Agency immediately began directing and overseeing BP 's response .  The Navy is using advanced technology and working with the Coast Guard to contain and disperse the oil .  The Departments of Homeland Security and Interior will be investigating the cause and inspecting all platforms and rigs in the Gulf .  The secretary of defense is authorizing the Louisiana National Guard to help communities in the cleanup and to protect critical habitats from contamination . But Obama has to let people know what 's being done , what will be done , and that he takes this personally . He needs to express , perhaps as only he can , that the federal government gets it . He gets the plight of the fishermen , the restaurants , the waiters , the taxi drivers -- the economic ripple effect and the environmental tide of disaster . This is a visual and visceral crisis . If he handles it right , it will be known as a sign of Obama 's competence . Obama ca n't split the sea , but he must help to plug the Gulf . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Oil spill comes as her hometown of New Orleans is on the mend Brazile : Greed , negligence caused BP oil spill , death toll ; suffering to be long-term 50 percent of "  last resort devices " that did n't work this time failed in 2002 tests Besides BP , she writes , companies behind failed device must come under scrutiny
CNN  -- Banks are being scrutinized over the extreme working hours put in by interns following the sudden death of a 21-year-old undergraduate at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch . Moritz Erhardt collapsed and died in rented accommodation in east London last week , the bank confirmed . According to city workers on the internet forum Wall Street Oasis , he had worked until 6 a.m. for three days in a row . While no direct link has been made , the death of the German business student has put the spotlight on grueling hours suffered by interns looking to impress bosses and competing with each other . Internships such as Erhardt 's pay around  # 45,000  $ 70,500  a year , pro rata , and jostling comes as youth unemployment in Europe soars to record levels , hitting 23 % in 2012 . A BAML spokesman said the bank was "  shocked and saddened " by the news . The spokesman declined to comment on unconfirmed reports Erhardt had epilepsy . Cass Business School professor Andre Spicer told CNN interns are expected to work long hours to show their commitment to prospective employers , rather than being productive . "  The real reasons are cultural . All-nighters are seen as a rite of passage , " Spicer said . "  They show an intern is willing to push themselves beyond any reasonable limits at work ... if large firms hope to be sustainable and attractive to employees , they need to tackle the extreme hours culture , " he said . According to the bank , all BAML interns are assigned a "  buddy , " and some get a staffing officer whose job it is to allocate work across the group to make sure it 's manageable . Katerina Rudiger , head of skills and policy campaign at the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development , told CNN employers try to make internships a positive experience for young people . Balance must be kept , she said , to ensure interns were not overburdened . She said : "  Young people really struggle with market access and they can be quite desperate ... to get their foot on the job ladder and are willing to do whatever it takes . In some cases that can be too much . " Rudiger added : "  Another issue is that a lot of young people have not experienced a work place before so they do n't know the rules and what is expected of them . They do n't challenge their employers . " Erhardt was in the sixth week of a seven week internship when he died . Bank of America 's interns have since been told they can leave the program early without negatively affecting chances of future employment . Dillon Khan , author of the The Intern , told CNN increased media scrutiny on internships , particularly in the UK , is forcing companies to be more careful when employing young people . He said : "  It 's the type of news story that will catch fire very quickly , if a reputable organization is not doing its duty with interns . Organizations are very conscious of these things because they do n't want a bad reputation . " Erhardt -- who had completed internships with a number of other banks -- was staying in a ground-floor flat at Claredale House , a four-storey building known as "  Banker 's block " due to its reputation for housing interns in the summer months . The BAML spokesman said of Erhardt : "  He was popular amongst his peers and was a highly-diligent intern at our company with a promising future . Our first thoughts are with his family and we send our condolences to them at this difficult time . " Additional reporting by Mark Thompson , CNNMoney	Banking intern Moritz Erhardt collapsed and died in his short-term residence in east London The death of the German business student has called into question the grueling hours worked by interns A chat room thread said he had worked three nights until 6 a.m. His death comes youth unemployment , those aged 16 to 25 , in 2012 reaches a record 23 % .
Mizoram , India  CNN  -- The world 's population hits 7 billion this week , but Ziona , the patriarch of what may be the biggest family in the world , is not bothered . "  I do n't care about overpopulation in India ... I believe God has chosen us to be like this  have big families  . Those who are born into this family do n't want to leave this tradition so we just keep growing and growing , " he says with a smile . Ziona , who only goes by his first name , has 39 wives , 86 children and 35 grandchildren . Ziona 's father , Chana , founded the Christian sect in Baktwang village that promotes polygamy as God 's will . "  I never wanted to get married but that 's the path God has chosen for me , " he says . "  It 's not my wish to keep marrying again and again . " All 160 family members live in a four-storey mansion perched on top of a remote village in the northeastern Indian state of Mizoram . The state , neighboring Myanmar and Bangladesh , has one million residents , one of the lowest population densities in this country of 1.2 billion . Despite its natural beauty , special permits are required to enter the state , making tourism virtually non-existent . Four hours away from Mizoram 's only airport , in the isolated village of Baktwang , Ziona 's bright purple house with 22 bedrooms stands out . The main room is a giant hall where the family cooks , eats and prays . The bedrooms are dormitory-style with an average of 20 beds , each double bed about a foot apart from the next . The children sleep with their mothers who take turns visiting the 69 year-old 's master bedroom . "  There is no discrimination amongst us , he treats us all equally , " fifth wife Twangi says . Ziona first got married when he was 17 to Zathiangi , who is now 70 . His youngest wife is 31 . As the eldest wife , Zathiangi calls all the shots in the kitchen so meal times are an efficient exercise . Without much fuss , while some women of the house cook , others set the table , still others serve and clean . "  We cook 25 kilograms of rice , 40 kilograms of potatoes and 5 kilograms of lentils everyday , " Twangi says . The family indulges in meat three times a week and for every non-vegetarian meal , 30 chickens are plucked and a giant pig is roasted . But the sheer volume of food that needs to be cooked or plates that need to be washed does n't overwhelm the women of the house . Like a well-oiled machine , everyone carries out their individual chore , so dinner for 160 is ready within an hour and utensils are washed and put away within minutes . Even the children help out . Tiny 6-year-olds have become experts at plucking chickens , and everyone seems to get along . "  No fighting , never , we are all one family , there 's no other people here so we do n't fight , " says sixth grandson Hmingthamzauva , one of the few in the household who speaks English . "  Since we are used to living in a very big family when we go outside to study we actually feel very lonely , " he says laughing . But while he likes living in a big family , he himself does n't want more than one wife . "  My grandfather is specially appointed by God to have as many wives as possible and to look after them . But for me , having one wife and one son is quite enough . There is no rule or tradition as such that we have to follow polygamy , for me it 's actually unbearable , " Hmingtahmzauva says . Hmingtahmzauva says his great grandfather Chana , who also had multiple wives , had a spiritual revelation after he was expelled from the Catholic Church for his unusual lifestyle . So Chana created his own polygamist sect , which now has a following of 400 families . Ziona is the caretaker of the self-reliant sect . They grow their own crops and raise their own livestock . "  Everyone has a designated job . Some are doing carpentry work , some take care of the piggery and poultry farm and others cultivate crops , " Ziona says . He has set up a school nearby for children of the community , the curriculum comes from the government but Ziona has added some sect-specific teachings . "  My father is the greatest god that we can have in this world , he has done so much for us , " says his eldest son Nunparliana , who has two wives and 14 children . India is set to overtake China as the world 's most populous nation by 2030 . But crowding and crumbling infrastructure in India 's booming cities do n't faze Ziona . "  I 'm not troubled by the noise or the overcrowding . My mind remains at peace , " he says . The family is not listed in the Guinness Book of World Records because Ziona says he does n't want the publicity . But as word gets out , Baktwang village and Ziona 's family may not remain so isolated .	One man in India is the patriarch of a family of 160 in rural India Ziona , who only goes by his first name , has 39 wives , 86 children and 35 grandchildren . Ziona 's father , Chana , founded the Christian sect in Baktwang that promotes polygamy "  I never wanted to get married but that 's the path God has chosen for me "
Redwood City , California  CNN  -- Video gamers who want to train for the next "  Legend of Zelda " may want to enroll in fencing classes . The realistic swordplay in "  The Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword " for the Wii console will become central to the series , according to Nintendo executives who produce the games . "  In some games , the people or developers are looking into more photorealistic games , " Shigeru Miyamoto , the famed game designer who created the "  Zelda " series , told CNN in a recent interview . "  We make it so that you can feel as if you have actually shot the arrow with your bow . " "  Skyward Sword " is not the first "  Zelda " game for the Wii . In its predecessor , "  The Legend of Zelda : Twilight Princess , " players could swing their sword by shaking the Wii controller , but the sword would not respond directly to the way it was being held . Adding realistic sword movement to "  Skyward Sword " appears to be a winning formula . The game , which came out on November 20 , sold the most of any previous "  Zelda " game on its first day and reached 600,000 U.S. sales in its first week , according to the NPD Group . Earlier "  Zelda " games used some unusual hardware functions for controlling the characters , including rubbing a stylus on touchscreens , blowing into a microphone and using five screens in one room to navigate . Some of those ideas have n't stuck around , but the precise movement translated from swinging the Wii Motion + remote to the character 's sword onscreen will return , the Nintendo execs said . Many gamers see the "  Zelda " series as one based around quirky adventures and puzzles . However , since the beginning , the games were supposed to have an emphasis on battling . Nintendo was n't able to begin realizing this vision until 1998 when the available technology allowed for more realistic environments in "  The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time " for the Nintendo 64 system . "  When we started this project many , many years ago with the original NES , it was from the beginning about the sword fighting , " Miyamoto said in an interview from Nintendo 's office in Silicon Valley . "  Starting actually from the ` Ocarina of Time , ' the developers were more eager to make more sophisticated movements of the sword competition . " Eiji Aonuma , who directed his first "  Zelda " a decade ago and produced the most recent game , has said he expects future games in the series to use the type of precise sword controls from "  Skyward Sword . " "  I honestly think we can not go back to button controls now , " Aonuma told Game Informer magazine . In CNN 's interview , Miyamoto discussed the difficulty of balancing realism with keeping the experience fun . "  When we look at today 's fighting games and many other games , sometimes we have to feel it 's rather difficult for us to realize the perfect balance between what you are actually doing with your hand against what you can see and realize or reproduce on your TV set , " Miyamoto said . "  In other words , I really want people to feel , ` OK , I 'm doing better and better by practicing , for example , my sword fighting . ' "	Nintendo execs say precise sword controls will be in future "  Zelda " games "  Skyward Sword " was the first to have such controls Series creator Shigeru Miyamoto wants gamers to practice swordplay
CNN  -- President Barack Obama faces a real dilemma as he prepares for the State of the Union . Most Americans believe our country is on the wrong track . A majority oppose Obamacare , for a variety of reasons . Five years into his presidency , there is still a very weak economy , and 74 % of Americans believe it feels like we are still in a recession . In addition , he has had a terrible year in which his major policy initiative failed spectacularly and his administration was caught misusing the IRS against political opponents , many Americans were startled to discover the scope of electronic government surveillance and details continued to trickle out about a number of other scandals . And 53 % recently indicated they believe the Obama administration is simply incompetent . The President is now so unpopular in some parts of America that incumbent Democrats hide when he comes to their state . The President recently tried moving to the left with rhetoric about income inequality to arouse his base . That strategy so alienated independents that the White House is now suggesting the State of the Union will focus on upward mobility and helping people achieve higher incomes through growth  core Republican themes  rather than on income inequality . The Obama dilemma is simple . He can move to the left and his base will be relatively happy  except on the NSA spying , where they may be the angriest opponents of the President 's policies  . But the base is too small to win the Senate races this fall . He can move to the center , and the base may be bored and stay at home while the independents remain alienated by the economy and Obamacare . Tuesday night , the President will be playing a weak hand . He will get a standing ovation a number of times , of course , and the State of the Union is always a spectacle centered on the president . Most speeches like this have an impact for three days . We will see if the President has found a formula that is more effective and lasting . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	Newt Gingrich : President Obama facing tough headwinds as he gives State of the Union He cites poll numbers showing Americans unhappy with direction and economy Gingrich : Obama can excite the base with talk of income inequality He says speech could boost Obama short term but will effect last ?
CNN  -- A man arrested in connection with the 1990 abduction , rape and attempted murder of an 8-year-old girl appeared before a judge Thursday on an attempted capital murder charge , according to CNN affiliate KTRK . Dennis Earl Bradford , a 40-year-old welder , was arrested after DNA tied him to the crime , police say . Dennis Earl Bradford waived his right to a court-appointed attorney when he appeared Thursday , saying he would retain his own . For security reasons , the hearing was held at the Galveston  Texas  County Jail and not in a courtroom , the station reported . The judge ordered Bradford to undergo a physical and mental evaluation and set bail at $ 1 million . His next court appearance was set for Wednesday , according to KTRK . Upon conviction , an attempted capital murder charge could result in a sentence of life in prison . Bradford , a 40-year-old welder , was arrested early Tuesday in Little Rock , Arkansas , in connection with the 1990 incident involving Jennifer Schuett , who was abducted from her bedroom , raped and left for dead in Dickinson , Texas . Schuett shared her story with CNN two weeks ago in hope of someday bringing her attacker to justice . CNN normally does not identify victims of sexual assault , but Schuett decided to go public with her story to increase the chances of finding and prosecuting her attacker . "  It 's not about me anymore , " she told CNN in September . "  It 's about all the little girls that go to sleep at night . I know there are so many girls out there who have been raped and hurt . You have to fight back . " Bradford 's arrest came after DNA and other forensic tests led police to him , authorities said . "  This is a huge day for me , " Schuett told CNN on Tuesday . "  And I want to see this through the end . The rest will come out during the trial . " Schuett said she was alone in her bed August 10 , 1990 , when a man crept in through a window . She remembers waking up in a stranger 's arms as he carried her across a dark parking lot . She said he told her he was an undercover cop and knew her family . He drove her through the streets of Dickinson , pulling into a mechanic 's shop next to her elementary school . "  Watch the moon . The moon will change colors , and that is when your mom will come to get you , " she recalled him saying . "  Oh , it looks like she is not coming . " Schuett said he drove her to an overgrown field next to the school and sexually assaulted her . She passed out . When she regained consciousness , she was lying naked on top of an ant hill with her throat slashed from ear to ear and her voice box torn . She was found at 6 p.m. on a hot August day after lying in the field for nearly 12 hours . She was rushed to a hospital in critical condition . "  Three days after the attack , I started giving a description . The doctors told me I would never be able to talk again , but I proved them all wrong , " Schuett said . She believes that she got her voice back so she could tell her story . Houston FBI Special Agent Richard Rennison is one of the lead investigators in the case , along with Dickinson Police Detective Tim Cromie . Both men were discussing the case when Rennison received a memo from the FBI 's Child Abduction Rapid Deployment  CARD  team , seeking child abduction cases that had gone cold and could be retested for DNA evidence . Schuett 's was one of the cases selected . "  This is the only one that I can think of that the victim has suffered some traumatic injuries and survived , " Rennison said . "  The main reason the CARD team picked this case was because she was alive . In cases of child abduction , it is rare that the child is recovered alive . Frequently , you recover a body . And most times , you never find them . " The investigators found evidence collected 19 years ago , which was retested . It included the underwear and pajamas Schuett was wearing , as well as a man 's underwear and T-shirt , which were found in the field where Schuett was found . The clothes were tested in 1990 , but the sample was n't large enough for conclusive results . But now , modern techniques allow DNA to be isolated from a single human cell . They were still awaiting the results when CNN featured Schuett 's story in late September . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario contributed to this report .	40-year-old held on $ 1 million bail in girl 's abduction , rape , attempted killing He could get life in prison if found guilty "  I want to see this through the end , " victim says DNA and other tests led to suspect , police say
Samsung Electronics posted a profit of $ 6.6 billion in the last three months of 2012 marking a 76 % increase from the previous year . While this represents a new record quarter for the world 's largest maker of smartphones , Samsung 's share price had slumped more than 2 % by mid-day trading in Seoul after the company predicted consumers will buy fewer smartphones in 2013 . "  The furious growth spurt seen in the global smartphone market last year is expected to be pacified by intensifying price competition compounded by a slew of new products , " said Samsung in a press release . "  In the first quarter , demand for smartphones in developed countries is expected to decelerate , while their emerging counterparts will see their markets escalate with the introduction of more affordable smartphones . " Samsung 's quarterly earnings release comes one day after Apple , its biggest rival in the smartphone and tablet markets , also announced record quarterly earnings of $ 13.1 billion in its last quarter . However , Apple 's share price plunged more than 12 % after the company missed its revenue estimate by about $ 200 million . Analysts had expected quarterly revenue of $ 54.7 billion ; Apple announced actual revenue of $ 54.5 billion . iPhone and iPad sales , which continued to be strong , failed to impress investors who have become used to the tech giant far exceeding its own sales and profit forecasts . Samsung , which surpassed Apple as the world 's largest vendor of smartphones in early 2012 , maintained its number one position for the year by shipping 213 million smartphones worldwide , according to Strategy Analytics . "  Despite tough competition in stores and courtrooms , Samsung continued to deliver numerous hit models , from the high-end Galaxy Note2 phablet to the mass-market Galaxy Y , " wrote Neil Mawston , executive director at Strategy Analytics , in a press release . The company added Samsung 's 2012 shipment volume was the largest number of units ever shipped by a smartphone vendor in a single year . Apple followed in second as its global smartphone shipments grew 46 % in 2012 sending more than 135 million smartphones around the world . The Finland-based Nokia kept its third place position .	Samsung 2012 Q4 profit soars 76 % from year before Share price slides as company predicts slower 2013 smartphone demand South Korean tech giant cites price competition , new products as 2013 challenges Samsung was largest vendor of smartphones in 2012 , shipping 213 million units worldwide
CNN  -- Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso has said the Italian team have a "  moral obligation " to keep fighting for the 2011 Formula One world championship until the end of the season . The Spaniard Alonso sits fourth in the drivers ' standings , 89 points behind current leader and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel . Red Bull driver Vettel has finished in the top-two in 10 of the season 's opening 11 races , but two-time world champion Alonso has vowed to give his all in the year 's remaining eight rounds in an attempt to catch the German . "  We must try and win as many races as possible , " the 30-year-old told Ferrari 's official website . "  We are realistic and the championship situation is what it is , but we have seen so often that there can be sudden reversals . Montezemolo expects more Ferrari wins "  And after all , we are Ferrari and we have a moral obligation , especially for the millions of fans spread around the world , to always think of the maximum goal . " Alonso has picked up only one race win in 2011 , at July 's British Grand Prix , but he has set his sights on an improved run of form when the sport returns from its mid-season break in Belgium later this month . "  Of course we must start winning and we have to hope that Vettel makes a few mistakes or has some problems . "  In Spa -LSB- the home of the Belgian Grand Prix -RSB- I have never won in Formula One and it would be nice to do that , then comes Monza which is special and I would like to feel again the amazing feeling I got from it last year . " Latest F1 standings after the Hungarian GP Alonso made his debut in the elite division on motorsport with Minardi in 2001 and went on to win the world championship with Renault in 2005 and 2006 . The Belgian Grand Prix is set to take place at the Spa circuit on August 28 .	Fernando Alonso has said Ferrari have a "  moral obligation " to fight for the championship Alonso trails Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel by 89 points The Spaniard has won just one race this season , July 's British Grand Prix
PEOPLE.com  -- The wait is over ... it 's a boy for Sarah Drew ! The "  Grey 's Anatomy " star , 31 , delivered son Micah Emmanuel Lanfer at 6:21 p.m. Wednesday , January 18 in Los Angeles , her rep confirms to PEOPLE exclusively . "  She and her husband , Peter Lanfer , are in love with him ! " the rep says of the couple 's new baby boy , who weighed in at 7 pounds , 4 oz and is 19 inches long . "  I thought it would be a good idea to wait to find out because I am a control freak by nature , " Drew explained of their decision to be surprised at the birth . "  I 'm about to walk into a chapter of my life where I have no control over anything anymore , and I figured I 'd ease myself into it by not allowing myself to plan for the sex of the baby . It 's good training for me ! " See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sarah Drew delivered son Micah Emmanuel Lanfer on Wednesday "  I 'm about to walk into a chapter of my life where I have no control , " Drew said Micah Emmanuel Lanfer weighed in at 7 pounds , 4 oz and is 19 inches long
Tribune Media Services  -- We do n't know where to look first . The massive pillars , looking like tree trunks , stone chameleons , tortoises and turtles , help support the columns . The sheer size of the place is amazing . Some of the towers soar more than 500 feet . Even jaded teens , like my 13-year-old niece , Erica Fieldman , ca n't help but be impressed . Antoni Gaudi 's Sagrada Familia is Barcelona 's most famous site and Spain 's most visited . Welcome to Antoni Gaudi 's unfinished masterpiece , the Sagrada Familia , Barcelona 's most famous site and Spain 's most visited . More than 40 years after the eccentric and revered architect 's death -- he was struck by a tram -- work still continues on the huge church first begun in 1882 . Some 2.5 million people visited last year . This is a great place to engage the kids in a scavenger hunt .  Find the fruit carved on top of the towers , the young stone musicians , the birds .  There are two completed facades -- one represents the birth of Jesus , the other the Passion of Christ .  If you look closely , you 'll see Gaudi 's face . It 's amazing that the project continued after anarchists burned Gaudi 's studio , along with the plans for the church , during the Spanish Civil War . Luckily , Gaudi had made plaster models of the church  we see them in the museum at the site  and though they were also smashed , his supporters were able to painstakingly put them back together so the work could continue . Gaudi , so obsessed at the end of his life with completing the church , slept on a bed in his workshop . He is buried in the church 's crypt . I want to go to the top  you take an elevator , but walk down the stairs  , but I think Erica has had enough . Sometimes , you have to know when to call it quits , even at incredible sites like this one . I tell myself Erica will come back some day and remember how she could n't decide whether she was bored or fascinated . Park Guell garden complex , designed to be a housing development , was Gaudi 's largest work in Barcelona . It 's a garden city with fantastically shaped roofs , a house that looks as if it 's made out of candy , and the famous serpentine bench made out of broken mosaic . Unfortunately , no one in Barcelona gravitated toward the idea . The only three houses built were for Gaudi , the developer and the developer 's lawyer . I 'd live there in a minute for the spectacular views of Barcelona . We all love the giant mosaic dragon . "  Cool , " Erica says . Sometimes when trying to show kids new cities , you ca n't hope for more than that . Barcelona , home to the 1992 Summer Olympics , is a city that appeals to kids  especially teens  and parents . In recent years , it 's become a favorite of American families who board cruise ships here in summer -- as we did last year . If you plan to do a lot of touring , get the Barcelona card , which includes free public transportation , museum admissions , restaurant discounts and more . There are some 10,000 restaurants in Barcelona and 35,000 shops .  Did you know more than 20 percent of all spending in Spain takes place here ? And with such friendly locals , there 's no better place for the kids to practice their Spanish .  Starting this spring , American Airlines will fly nonstop from New York to Barcelona . Walk off your jet lag by taking in all the chic couples walking along the beach , the city 's famous art nouveau architecture , the art ,  Picasso lived here as a teen  , the ancient Gothic Quarter and the street entertainers along the mile-long Las Ramblas . Ever see a human flower statue ? A bird market ? I never saw so many different kinds of gummies than at the famous Boqueria food market , said to be the largest in Europe . It 's been here for centuries . The kids will give a thumbs up to Montjuic , one of Barcelona 's largest recreation areas , which rises nearly 700 feet above the south side of the city . We 're holing up overnight at the Hotel Arts Barcelona , a Ritz Carlton , a famous icon of the Barcelona skyline and a short walk from the beach and many of the city sites . There 's nothing like a luxury hotel when you are jet lagged . The place is packed with families , even on the concierge level where parents and kids indulge in free breakfasts , snacks and drinks . Another highlight is the secluded pool area next to the distinctive shadow of the Frank Gehry fish sculpture . But before we hit the pool -- or fall asleep -- a little culture is in order . My pick : Museu Picasso . It 's housed in three spectacular stone mansions in the historic quarter of the city and showcases works from the artist 's early years , his Blue Period and early works from Barcelona . Picasso moved here in 1895 at the age of 14 and donated some 2,500 art pieces to the museums in 1970 .  Show your young artists what he did as a kid ! That night , after we hit the pool , we head to Bestial , which the hotel concierge told us is a "  hip " gathering spot for locals . I did n't really see evidence of that , but , after all , we were there at 8:30 , early by Barcelona standards . Even Erica agreed the food was great , especially the wood-fired pizza . Donkey or Bull , our amiable guide Bernard Liso asks the next morning . The bull , of course , is the national symbol of Spain . The donkey is the symbol of the Catalans . We learn that people in Barcelona speak Catalan as well as Spanish and there 's a fierce matter of national pride . From its earliest days , Barcelona has been linked to France , thus the emphasis here on Catalan -- Catalonia lies midway between France and Spain . I 'm determined to have Paella for lunch . We are in Barcelona after all . Paella , of course , is the famous Spanish rice dish that 's usually topped with chicken , sausage and shellfish . We head to a small restaurant in the old historic quarter of the city , Los Caracoles . I 'm completely charmed by the mosaics and the open kitchen , the way the rooms of the restaurant wind up around an old staircase . Erica unfortunately is n't . "  I just wo n't eat , " says Erica , after perusing the menu . There 's no pasta and she does n't want anything else . We dig into our paella . Erica agrees to taste it , as long as I take the shells off the shrimp . Not bad , she says , helping herself to more rice . I just sip my sangria and do n't say a word . A few months later , Erica tells me she 's already decided where she wants to go abroad when she 's in college -- Barcelona . E-mail to a friend For more Taking the Kids , visit www.takingthekids.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Some 2.5 million people visited Antoni Gaudi 's Sagrada Familia last year The architect 's fantastic Park Guell garden complex is fun to explore with kids The Museu Picasso showcases the artist 's early work
CNN  -- A Singapore lawmaker was in intensive care Monday after a man set him on fire at a community event , a hospital official told CNN . Seng Han Thong of the ruling People 's Action Party underwent skin graft surgery at Singapore General Hospital Monday morning and was in stable condition , said hospital spokeswoman Junaidah Hameed . Seng suffered burns to his face and chest after a man in his 70s came up behind him as he was sitting down for lunch , poured thinner on him and set him on fire , party official George Tan told reporters . An event organizer who rushed to Seng 's aid and tried to douse the flames was also injured , the hospital said . Seng had gone to the community center in his parliamentary district to hand out money to residents -- a tradition among many politicians ahead of the Chinese New Year , which falls on January 26 this year . The attacker was a 70-year-old former cab driver who has been in and out of a mental clinic in recent months , the English-language daily newspaper the Straits Times reported . Tan , the party official , said the man had met Seng at several meet-and-greets and complained about "  evil spirits in his house . " "  No matter what the reason is , and whatever condition the person is in , that is no reason to commit such a crime against anyone , not just against an MP -LSB- member of parliament -RSB- , " Deputy Prime Minister Wong Kan Seng told reporters at the hospital . Two years ago , Seng was attacked at another community event by another cab driver , the newspaper said . In that incident , the cab driver punched Seng because he was upset that the lawmaker was not helping him get his revoked license reinstated . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	Man in his 70s poured thinner on lawmaker and set him on fire while he had lunch Seng Han Thong of the ruling People 's Action Party is in intensive care He suffered burns to his face and chest and underwent skin graft surgery Attacker is a former cab driver who has been in a mental clinic , media says
Rival Palestinian factions Hamas and Fatah announced Wednesday they 've agreed to reconcile -- a development that could see the Palestinian territories under a unified leadership for the first time in years . The sides , wrapping up two days of talks in Hamas-run Gaza , announced they will begin discussions to form a unity government . An interim government could be finalized in the next five weeks , with elections possible by early 2015 , Fatah spokesman Fayez Abu Eitta said . Wednesday 's announcement comes amid a deterioration of U.S.-brokered peace talks between the Palestinian Authority and Israel -- talks that Hamas , a militant Islamic group that has n't recognized Israel , opposed . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reacted strongly to the announcement . Israel and several other countries consider Hamas to be a terrorist organization . "  Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas  needs to choose between peace with Israel and an agreement with Hamas , " Netanyahu said in a statement released Wednesday by his media adviser . " ... Whoever chooses Hamas does not not want peace . " After the reconciliation was announced , Netanyahu 's office said Israel canceled peace negotiations that were scheduled to take place Wednesday night . Israel and the Palestinian Authority face an April 29 deadline to agree on a framework for a comprehensive peace treaty , but the sides appear far apart . The Hamas-Fatah deal also came on an afternoon that an Israeli airstrike in the northern Gaza strip injured 12 people , including children and teenagers , according to Ashraf Al Qidra , a spokesman for the health ministry in Gaza . Al Qidra said it was a drone strike . The Israeli military said it conducted an airstrike in a counter-terror operation , but provided no other details . Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian lawmaker involved in the Hamas-Fatah talks , hailed what he called the "  end to the division between the Palestinian people . " "  Palestinians are in a unified camp , and Israel can not claim that Palestinians can not negotiate on behalf of all Palestinians , " Barghouti told CNN on Wednesday . The Palestinian territories of Gaza and the West Bank have been run separately for seven years . The split began taking shape in 2006 when Hamas , participating in Palestinian polls for the first time , won a majority in the Palestinian parliament . The Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority formed a coalition government with Hamas that year , with Abbas retaining the presidency and Hamas member Ismail Haniya becoming prime minister . But when Abbas dissolved the government in 2007 , Hamas seized control of Gaza , and Haniya became Gaza 's de facto political leader . The West for years has shown support to Fatah and warned it not to join hands with militant Hamas , which several countries have deemed a terrorist organization . Reconciliation talks started Tuesday evening , after Abbas sent a Fatah delegation to meet with Hamas representatives in Gaza . It was n't immediately clear who would lead , though Abbas , whose Fatah group runs the West Bank , is a possibility for premier , Abu Eitta said .	Israeli airstrike injured 12 in northern Gaza strip , Gaza health ministry says Reconciliation could put Gaza , West Bank under same government for first time since 2007 Interim government could be formed in five weeks , Fatah spokesman says Fatah seized control of Gaza from the Palestinian Authority seven years ago
LONDON , England -- In his autobiography , Eric Clapton admits that he enjoys nothing more than sitting in a deck chair on a white sandy beach watching his children playing in the sea . Private getaway : Eric Clapton enjoys spending time relaxing on his superyacht Va Bene . It 's the perfect antidote to a punishing tour schedule , and with gigs in the U.S. , Canada , the UK , Scandinavia and Europe so far this year , getting away from it all is an experience he values . He found that he was particularly at ease aboard the 157 ft  47.8 m  motor yacht Va Bene , which he chartered in 2005 and cruised with friends around the Mediterranean . The sheltered port of Bonifacio at the southern end of Corsica became one of his favorite haunts . In fact , Clapton enjoyed Va Bene so much that he bought her . It was the first time he 'd ever had to borrow money to buy something , but he had fallen for the yacht , despite her 13 years and slightly dated looks . Besides there was always the possibility of updating her to give her a new lease of life . Va Bene came with an interesting pedigree . She had originally been commissioned by a Greek ship owner in 1992 to a design by Richard Hein  of Oceanco fame  and built by Kees Cornelissen in Holland . She was then purchased by F1 motor racing supremo Bernie Ecclestone before being sold to an American . A steel-hulled displacement yacht with a cruising speed of about 14 knots , Va Bene can accommodate 12 guests in six separate sleeping cabins and has a crew complement of 13 . Having lived with Va Bene for a couple of years , Eric Clapton finally felt the time was right for a refit . Clapton was particularly keen for the work to be carried out in the UK , partly because he wanted to buy British but also because he could keep a close eye on proceedings . Pendennis Shipyard in Falmouth , Cornwall , was an obvious choice . Roger Taylor , the drummer with Queen has his yacht Tiger Lilly refitted regularly in Falmouth and Pete Townsend of the Who is another famous client . Pendennis Shipyard representative Alastair Heane was first introduced to the yacht during the charter show in Antigua in December 2006 . Eric Clapton has a house on the island and Va Bene is based here during the winter season . Heane quickly established a detailed proposal of work . The plan was to get Va Bene to Falmouth after Clapton had finished his 2007 summer holiday so that the work could be carried out during the winter . The initial time frame was three months but like most complex refits this quickly extended to six as the work list grew . The target was to have Va Bene ready and waiting in Porto Cervo Sardinia on July 1 this year in time for Eric Clapton 's month-long family holiday -- a date that was set in stone to fit around his tour schedule . We caught up with Va Bene during a photo shoot at the end of June 2008 on the very day she was setting sail from Palma , Mallorca , to meet up with the boss in Sardinia . With the final last-minute touches still being applied and the crew busily unpacking everything from the owner 's precious guitar to his children 's cuddly toys , it was a close run thing but Pendennis had met the deadline in style . The first thing that strikes you on boarding Va Bene is the calm , informal atmosphere of what is clearly a much-loved family yacht rather than a glitzy monument to success . Eric Clapton may be one of the world 's greatest living rock stars but he is also an unpretentious family man who wants a yacht that he can relax on . The saloon encapsulates this perfectly . Rather than a single formal space with designer furniture that look so immaculate you hardly dare sit down , Va Bene 's saloon is divided into four separate areas with clusters of contrasting chairs , sofas , tables and cabinets . One group of guests can be relaxing round the card table and matching leather chairs , while others stretch out on the big taupe corduroy sofa to watch a movie . That still leaves room for him to sneak off into another corner and perch on one of the special armless low-level chairs to play his guitar . The adjacent dining room is a little more formal but even here the overriding feeling is of a wonderfully light room centered around what looks like a huge limed-oak table inlaid with Italian marble . In fact , it is all the handiwork of a talented local artisan who painted the surface of the original table to match the materials found elsewhere on the yacht right down to the fake wooden joints and natural marble flaws . This solution appealed both to Clapton 's desire to refresh rather than replace where possible and his appreciation of skilled craftsmanship . He is a keen collector of modern art himself and every spare wall and surface reflects this passion . From intricate postcard-sized oil paintings of Venice to large , sprawling canvases and some beautiful marble sculptures and ceramic vases , it is a collection that reflects the singer 's own ability to transcend the confines of any one genre . Perhaps that also explains the relatively neutral tones of the dcor . There is an Art Deco theme running through the main guest areas , which the refit has refreshed and modernized rather dispensed with . The limed-oak paneling is original but all the garish gold door handles , light fittings and switches have either been replaced or replated in chrome to give it a much more contemporary feel . The high gloss white painted ceiling panels and moldings have all been meticulously flatted back to leave a softer matt finish while all the ceiling lights , some 400 of them in total , have been replaced with modern recessed spots . As you 'd expect aboard a musician 's yacht , the AV system was another major beneficiary of the refit . Every cabin and guest space now has a discreet Arcam iPod dock so that he can plug in his iPhone wherever he is and enjoy instant access to his personal music library . All bar one of the existing Bang & Olufsen CRT televisions have also been swapped for high-definition Panasonic Viera flat screens . The highlight of the refit is the new owner 's suite on the main deck -- a space that Clapton and his wife rarely used before the refit , because it is at the opposite end of the yacht to his children 's cabins .  They preferred the smaller but more family-friendly location of the VIP guest suite next to the main run of cabins on the lower deck .  But it 's a much more enticing space these days . Reconfigured by interior designers H2 in Putney , London , it now enjoys a much bigger family bathroom complete with walk-in rain shower , dramatic stone basins , a large tub and a natural teak floor . The key to the success of the refit , which cost in excess of US$ 4 million , lay in the planning . Pendennis 's Tyrone Harvey and a small team started with a technical visit to the yacht in Palma , Mallorca , in the early summer of last year . Within days of arriving in Falmouth Va Bene had undergone sea trials with Duncan Propellers to try and improve an ongoing issue with her performance and economy . It eventually transpired that one of the gearboxes had been incorrectly fitted . She was then moored alongside at Pendennis while her crew started the long job of removing her entire inventory . She also had her teak deck stripped off before she was floated into the 150m long dry dock . Despite all the changes , Va Bene left Falmouth on time , arriving in Sardinia on July 1 . Indeed , it was during this holiday that Eric Clapton took time out to talk to SuperYacht World about his born-again Va Bene  see p74  . Now that he has had a chance to enjoy the fruits of his and Pendennis 's labor , Va Bene is available for charter through Burgess Yachts in the Mediterranean and Caribbean . It 's not often you get to walk in the shadow of a genuine rock legend but on Va Bene you can also swim , sunbathe and sleep in Eric Clapton 's personal holiday home . Chartering just does n't get any better than that . Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT  2009 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	Eric Clapton owns the 48 meter superyacht Va Bene Bernie Ecclestone had owned the vessel before Clapton bought it Clapton enjoys spending time on the boat to get away from his work
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  Indonesian searchers battling bad weather in their efforts to find more remains from AirAsia Flight QZ8501 have so far recovered seven bodies from the sea , officials said Wednesday . A day after the first bits of debris from the commercial jet were spotted afloat off the coast of Borneo , the search operation was hampered Wednesday by big waves , strong winds and heavy rain . Helicopters scanning for signs of wreckage and victims were halted in their search , while ships continued combing the waters . It was unclear how long aerial operations would be held up . Answers about why the aircraft , with 162 people on board , fell from the sky Sunday remained elusive . Among the seven bodies recovered so far -- not 10 , as earlier reports had indicated -- was that of a woman wearing a flight attendant 's uniform , said Bambang Soelistyo , Indonesia 's national search and rescue chief . "  Reality of seeing the evacuees and some of my aircraft parts are soul destroying , " AirAsia CEO Tony Fernandes tweeted . The air executive also put to rest rumors of a survivor found in a life jacket , saying that only the life jacket was found in the water . Sonar may have detected wreckage There was conflicting information about whether any parts of the plane had been found underwater . One search official told CNN that he believes sonar equipment has detected wreckage from the plane at the bottom of the sea but could n't confirm it . "  I think that that 's the case , " said Muhammad Hernanto , the head of search and rescue for Surabaya , the Indonesian city where Flight 8501 began its journey Sunday . But in a news conference Wednesday , Fernandes denied this , saying sonar imaging has yet to detect anything . "  Search and rescue teams are doing a fantastic job . They are narrowing the search and they are feeling more comfortable they are beginning to know where it is . But there is no confirmation of them . No sonar ... nothing " Soelistyo was also cautious , denying reports that searchers had found the plane 's main fuselage . "  Until now , we have n't found the plane , " he said , according to Indonesia 's national news agency Antara . Search teams are looking for other bodies and parts of the plane , including its so-called black boxes . Those could help investigators determine what went wrong on the flight , which lost contact with air traffic controllers after the pilot asked to change course and move to a higher altitude because of bad weather . How can a modern airliner vanish ? Bodies returned to flight 's departure city The difficult weather conditions were making it harder to get all the bodies that have been recovered back to land . Two of the corpses arrived at a hospital in Surabaya on Wednesday afternoon after being airlifted from a city nearer the search site . The bodies were given a solemn welcome by roughly 100 military personnel . Preparations have been made in Surabaya to receive and identify the human remains in the coming hours and days . Dozens of ambulances were lined up . On the grounds of a police hospital stood several refrigerated shipping containers where bodies will be stored while awaiting examination . Nearby , tents were pitched with gurneys on hand . Debris and some bodies were found Tuesday 100 to 200 kilometers  about 60 to 120 miles  from the aircraft 's last known location over the Java Sea , Indonesia 's search and rescue agency said . The news came as a devastating blow for family members of passengers , who had been waiting anxiously for information about their loved ones for days . The suffering was made worse for some of them , when they saw live television pictures of a corpse in the water . Anguish revisited : Relatives of MH370 victims speak out about AirAsia QZ8501 Families still want and expect regular and full updates from authorities , Suyone Thejakusuma , who said he had relatives and friends on the flight , told CNN on Wednesday . A new information center for families was being set up Wednesday next to a police station in Surabaya . International search effort Several nations are contributing resources to the effort , including the United States , Singapore and Malaysia . The U.S. Navy destroyer USS Sampson is already supporting the search and recovery operations . The USS Fort Worth is also being prepared to deploy from Singapore , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . It "  can be ready to sail in a day or two to get on station and can be there very quickly , " he said . The United States is also preparing maritime patrol aircraft that could help , he said . The flight , which was lost Sunday on its way to Singapore , was carrying 155 passengers and seven crew members . The overwhelming majority were Indonesians . There were also citizens of Britain , France , Malaysia , Singapore and South Korea aboard . Flight 8501 was operated by AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph reported from Surabaya , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's David Molko , Andrew Stevens , Mitra Mobasherat , Gary Tuchman , Brian Walker , Catherine E. Shoichet , Josh Levs and Deborah E. Bloom contributed to this report . Translators Azieza Uhnavy and Edi Pangerapan also contributed to this report .	Seven bodies recovered ; 2 have arrived in the city where the plane began its journey An official says sonar may have found wreckage ; search chief says plane not found yet Strong wind , heavy rain and big waves hamper search operation The wreckage is "  soul destroying , " AirAsia CEO says
CNN  "  Dancing With the Stars " season 20 kicked off its 10-year anniversary celebration in its glittered ballroom with an introduction of the new season 's cast from returning hosts Tom Bergeron and Erin Andrews . Carrie Ann Inaba , Len Goodman , Bruno Tonioli and former pro dancer Julianne Hough each resumed their season 19 seats at the judges ' table . Season 19 's Sadie Robertson also attended the premiere , not sitting far from a new , 14-karat-gold-plated Mirror Ball trophy revealed at the start of the show . Since it 's week one , here 's a breakdown of the new contestants . Fourteen-year-old "  Hunger Games " actress Willow Shields and pro partner Mark Ballas danced a cha cha to start the night . "  It was like a glass of alka seltzer : sparkling and bubbly , " Goodman said . The show 's youngest competitor earned 25/40 . Read more : ` Dancing With the Stars ' : A look back at each season 's cast  photos Business tycoon and Shark Tank star Robert Herjavec -- who was introduced to partner Kym Johnson with an offer of his Ferrari if they won -- filled the second dance slot with a cha cha . "  You have really sharp legs , " Hough said . The judges gave the pair 28/40 for their dance . R5 bass player Riker Lynch and Allison Holker did not utilize the ballroom floor , but performed a jive on stage to a circle of fans . "  I ca n't wait to see you do the next dance next week , " Tonioli said . A second cousin to the Houghs , the blonde-haired musician earned 31/40 . Recognized for wearing a bikini while eating a cheeseburger in her 2015 Carl 's Jr. . Super Bowl commercial , model Charlotte McKinney and partner Keo Motsepe -- who taped her breasts down during practice -- danced a jive , which earned 22/40 . Grammy-winner Patti LaBelle said , "  I 'm here to show America that Miss Patti can dance . " Bedazzled in a gold gown , LaBelle and Artem Chigvinstev danced the Foxtrot that Goodman said had "  a lovely naturalness about it . " They earned 25/40 . Bachelor Chris Soules , who is engaged to his own blonde Whitney that was present in the audience , performed a country-esque jive with partner Witney Carson . Despite Hough saying , "  your feet were a little loose , " the pair earned 26/40 . NFL free agent Michael Sam and Peta Murgatroyd got their "  Uptown Funk " on for a cha-cha that earned them a 26/40 . Tombioni said it "  was hot , " but Goodman said his feet were "  atrocious . " Five-time Olympic-winning medalist Nastia Liukin and five-time Mirror Ball trophy winner Derek Hough gave the audience a Foxtrot performance that scored 30/40 . "  It was sweet and delicious , " Goodman said . LMFAO singer Redfoo and Emma Slater brought a colorful "  Juicy Wiggle " cha cha . "  You dance like your hair : a little wild and unkempt , " Goodman said before the two earned 22/40 for the premiere , but Redfoo replied : "  I 'm just so dedicated to learn the technique . " Read more ` Dancing With the Stars ' Season 20 Cast : Who Are They , and Why Are They Famous ? Double amputee Noah Galloway and Sharna Burgess danced an inspiring cha cha . The pair earned a 26/40 for their emotional performance and Burgess was praised for her creative choreography . "  Three 's Company " actress Suzanne Somers and Tony Dovolani channeled her thigh master infomercial for a 25/40-scoring cha cha . Somers told audiences that she came onto the show to prove that "  blondes have more fun . " Singer-actress Rumer Willis and Valentin Chmerkovskiy saved the highest score for last . The pair danced a chandelier-lighted Foxtrot and earned 32/40 . "  This could be your season , " Goodman told Val . Parents Bruce Willis and Demi Moore cheered from the audience . Redfoo and McKinney were at the bottom of the scoreboard and are in jeopardy of being sent home next week , while Willis and Lynch 's scores are sure to secure them past week two . Tune in to ABC at 8 p.m. on Mar. 23 to see which couple will be sent home . See the original story at The Hollywood Reporter 's site .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	The show celebrated its 10-year anniversary There 's a new 14-karat-gold-plated Mirror Ball trophy The youngest contestant is 14
CNN  -- The average cost of medical care for a premature or low birth-weight baby for its first year of life is about $ 49,000 , according to a new report from the March of Dimes Foundation . Babies born after the 37th week of pregnancy are less costly to the health care system than premature babies . By contrast , a newborn without complications costs $ 4,551 for care in its first year of life , the report said . Newborns with other kinds of complications , such as congenital defects , have medical expenses of $ 10,273 on average in the first year . The foundation wants to show employers the importance of good maternity care , maternity coverage , and prevention of prematurity , said Jennifer Howse , president of the March of Dimes , a nonprofit for pregnancy and baby health . "  It 's in the best interest of the bottom line for the employer , and of course it 's certainly in the best interest for the baby , the employee , and ultimately the community in which the business is located , " she said . Although most of these costs go straight to the health care plans , even out-of-pocket expenses are far greater for premature babies than for children delivered at a normal time . The average out-of-pocket expense for a premature or low-birth-weight baby in the first year was $ 1,987 . For uncomplicated births , it is $ 654 , and a baby with other kinds of complications averages $ 953 in out of pocket expenses . But it 's important to note that these are average costs for premature babies born at different times -- a baby born closer to 40 weeks will most likely cost much less than a baby born at 26 weeks , said William Sexson , neonatologist at Emory University and prematurity prevention chair for the March of Dimes for the state of Georgia . Sexson was not involved in the new report . The problem of prematurity By definition , a premature baby is born before the 37th week of pregnancy . About 12 percent of all pregnancies in the United States result in premature birth , according to the National Institutes of Health . A low-birth-weight baby weighs less than 2,500 grams , or 5.5 pounds . Prematurity may contribute to problems such as cerebral palsy , vision problems , learning disabilities , and developmental delays , experts say . The rate of premature babies in the United States has increased 36 percent since the early 1980s , the March of Dimes said . One reason for the abundance of premature births may be the increasing number of elective early deliveries , said Sexson . There is a lack of transparency about both patients ' and obstetricians ' decisions to , for example , have a Caesarean section close to term -- technically premature . The March of Dimes recommends every elective delivery before 39 weeks be reviewed . "  There is a real concern that many of those deliveries are a lot more elective than they ought to be , " Sexson said . Uncomplicated Caesarean deliveries cost over 40 percent more than uncomplicated vaginal deliveries , the new report said . These deliveries also resulted in longer inpatient stays , outpatient visits , and more prescriptions filled . Most of the costs get covered by a health plan -- out-of-pocket expenses were similar for normal Caesarian deliveries , uncomplicated vaginal deliveries , and complicated births . Preventing premature births Prenatal care is essential in helping mothers carry their babies to term , experts say . The vitamin folate is especially important for mothers-to-be because it has been shown to prevent congenital abnormalities , said Janet Larson , chief of neonatology at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Premature babies cost the United States at least $ 26 billion each year , according to the Institute of Medicine . Women who have a shortened cervix , or have certain infections , such as bacterial vaginosis and trichomoniasis , are at higher risk for having a premature baby , according to the NIH . A history of giving birth to premature babies is also a risk factor , said Dr. Charles Macri , obstetrician-gynecologist at the The George Washington University Hospital in Washington . A woman in this situation may take progesterone therapy between weeks 16 and 36 to decrease the likelihood of a premature delivery . A pregnant woman should always tell her doctor if she has had any kind of cervical surgery , which may also contribute to premature births , he said . Women who carry multiples babies at once , even twins , are also at higher risk of giving birth prematurely , he said . Not all premature births can be prevented , however . Some babies are "  destined to be born early , " Macri said . About 50 percent of pregnancies that result in premature births are completely normal until labor , Sexson said . Costs for premature and low-birth-weight babies are also higher in terms of combined medical costs for the mother and child -- $ 64,713 , compared with $ 15,047 for uncomplicated births , the March of Dimes report said . Even in tough economic times , experts agree that pregnant women should not cut back on health care . "  Investing in health care costs -- that 's the best investment a family can make , " Howse said .	By definition , a premature baby is born before the 37th week of pregnancy Premature babies cost the U.S. at least $ 26 billion each year There are risk factors , but not all premature births can be prevented In tough economic times , pregnant women should not cut back on health care
CNN  -- Your saliva is doing all kinds of useful things for you all the time -- for instance , helping you chew and taste food . It 's also home to more than 600 species of bacteria , which are harmlessly enjoying the moisture of your mouth . There 's a slew of bacteria floating around in your mouth , but it 's generally harmless . Since people have different eating habits in different places , you might think an American 's saliva might look a lot different from , say , a South African 's . But a new study published in the journal Genome Research finds that bacteria in saliva may not be as related to environment and diet as you might think . In fact , researchers found that the human salivary microbiome -- that is , the community of bacteria in saliva -- does not vary greatly between different geographic locations . That means your saliva is just as different from your neighbor 's as someone 's on the other side of the planet . "  It was somewhat surprising to us , because in our sampling we did n't control for diet , or environment , or anything like that , " said Mark Stoneking of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , and co-author of the study . Now , Stoneking and colleagues are trying to figure out why . One theory is that since the researchers looked only at the genus of the bacteria in question , they might find more differences at the level of individual species . They are investigating this in a follow-up study . Stoneking became interested in surveying the bacteria of saliva when he learned that saliva contains more DNA than blood , if you include DNA of bacteria and other organisms . Human blood , as you might guess , still contains more human DNA than saliva . Watch CNN 's Elizabeth Landau talk more about saliva " Researchers took saliva samples from a total of 120 healthy subjects . The countries represented in this sample were Germany , Poland , Turkey , Georgia , China , Philippines , South Africa , Republic of the Congo , Argentina , Bolivia and the United States . This was the first global survey of bacteria diversity in human saliva . The most common type of bacteria found in the survey of saliva was Streptococcus , Stoneking said . People typically have Streptococcus in their mouths living benignly , although certain species are responsible for diseases such as strep throat , meningitis and bacterial pneumonia . Why do you need hundreds of bacteria species in your mouth ? It turns out they 're mostly not helping you at all -- you 're just giving them a warm , moist home . "  Having those bacteria -- that 's the price we have to pay for having a lot of saliva in the mouth to begin with , " said Nate Dominy , anthropologist at the University of California , Santa Cruz . Dominy , who has studied enzymes in saliva , found the results surprising , and said no one had previously surveyed the variety of bacteria in saliva . What else is inside saliva ? One component of saliva that has been shown to vary according to diet is amylase , the only digestive enzyme that converts starch into sugar , Dominy said . Amylase is also found in the pancreas and the small intestine . The human body evolved to start the digestive process early , in the mouth , so we can maximize the amount of sugar that we take in , Dominy said . "  Given that we have such large brains , and our brains are metabolically very demanding tissues , they 're extremely costly and expensive to maintain , so we need a lot of sugar , " he said . Americans in particular have a lot of amylase in their saliva because their diets are full of starch : chips , rice and baked potatoes . But the Pygmies of central Africa , for example , eat mostly game animals , honey and fruit . They have relatively little amylase in their saliva . Dominy and colleagues found these differences at the genetic level , meaning natural selection has favored large quantities of amylase in populations with starchy diets . But there is also evidence that amylase levels can rise and fall within an individual 's lifetime . A study on college students in Ghana , who typically eat a lot of meat at the university , found that students who had grown up eating traditional starchy Ghanaian home-cooked meals had lower levels of amylase after attending the school . Humans have had starch as an important part of their diet for at least 12,000 years , since the advent of agriculture , he said . So what else is spit good for ? Saliva spreads molecules to the taste receptors on the tongue so you can tell whether something is salty , sour , sweet or spicy , Dominy said . It also helps soften food and spread it to your teeth so that you do n't have to chew as hard . Compared with other animals , humans are not very good at detecting toxins , he said . As a result , humans vomit much more than other species , and saliva buffers the acid that results from throwing up -- meaning you 'll likely salivate immediately beforehand to limit the damage . "  A lot of the value of saliva is attributable to the fact that , in human evolution , we 've had to eat marginal plant foods , things that are marginal in quality and full of toxins , and we need these particular salivary adaptations to help cope with those types of food , " he said .	Saliva contains more DNA than blood because of all of the oral bacteria Most common type of bacteria in saliva is Streptococcus , in a mostly harmless form Saliva spreads molecules to the taste receptors on the tongue
CNN  -- David Beckham has promised he will do everything in his power to help England win the bid to stage the 2018 World Cup . The England and LA Galaxy midfielder has been in South Africa with Football Association chief Lord Triesman to promote England 's bid ahead of the draw for the 2010 tournament . Beckham was an ambassador for the successful London 2012 Olympic campaign , and now has a similar role in the World Cup bid . The 34-year-old , who was speaking at a Coaching for Hope project in Cape Town , believes "  hard work " is the key England 's bid . "  We can win the campaign with hard work - nothing in life is easy and you have to work for special things to be given to you and we are prepared for that , " Beckham said . "  Football is in our culture , in our DNA . It 's in us from the moment we are brought into this world , from when we are born and that 's something we will always have . " Find out all the latest news about the build up to the World Cup in South Africa here . FIFA vice-president Jack Warner , who had previously been critical of England 's bid to stage the tournament , said that celebrity appeal can form just as important part of a bid as the quality of the stadiums . "  The stadiums and infrastructure is just one of the things that the bid will be judged on , " Warner added . "  There is the social responsibility and the legacy that the World Cup leaves and other maters . " "  Celebrities ? Of course that will help - is n't that what football is all about ? " FA chief Lord Triesman also appreciates the role that Beckham , who has met with FIFA president Sepp Blatter and Warner while on the trip , can have on charming the relevant parties . "  When he talks to people , even privately , the passion and patriotism shines out of him , " he said . "  England is one of the few countries with its stadia and its infrastructure that could host a World Cup almost immediately , next week . "  The diversity of cultures around our country is a big thing as well . There are not many countries where you can have Brazil and Portugal and so on coming to our country and for there to be lots of their fans already there . That 's a special thing for us . "	David Beckham has promised he will do everything in his power to help England win the bid to stage the 2018 World Cup FIFA vice-president Jack Warner admitted that celebrity appeal is an important part of a country 's bid Beckham was speaking ahead of the draw for the 2010 event and believes "  hard work " will be crucial to England 's bid
CNN  -- The number of states reporting widespread seasonal flu activity jumped from 10 to 25 last week , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . Widespread activity was reported in Alabama , Alaska , Arkansas , Colorado , Connecticut , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Nebraska , Nevada , New York , North Carolina , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Texas , Utah , Virginia , Washington state and Wyoming , according to the CDC 's weekly flu advisory report , covering the week ending December 28 . "  Widespread " means that more than 50 % of geographic regions in a state -- counties , for example -- are reporting flu activity . It addresses the spread of the flu , not its severity . However , 20 states experienced a high proportion of outpatient visits to health care providers for flu-like illnesses . The most severe activity seems to be located in the Southeastern states . So far , "  it 's a typical influenza season , if I can use that word , " Dr. Michael Jhung , a medical officer in the CDC 's flu division , told CNN last week . The season usually begins in the winter months and peaks in January or February . The only atypical thing seen this year is that the most common strain has been H1N1 , which became known as swine flu during a 2009 outbreak . "  It 's the same virus that we saw in 2009 that caused the pandemic , " Jhung said . At the time , it was called swine flu since it was seen for the first time in humans . But since then , "  it 's established itself very nicely in the human population , " Jhung said . "  We 've seen it every season since 2009 in people . " The virus is no longer referred to as swine flu , but instead as a human seasonal virus . The strain is so common that it was included in this year 's vaccination , he said . 5 ways to combat flu in your home Two new pediatric flu deaths were reported to the CDC last week , according to the report . One was associated with the H1N1 virus ; another was associated with an influenza A strain . Six pediatric flu deaths have been reported since September 29 , according to the CDC . The agency does not track adult deaths related to the flu , although some states do , and deaths have been reported . The exact number of flu-related adult deaths is hard to track and varies from year to year . The CDC has estimated that from 1976 through 2007 , between 3,000 and 49,000 people died of flu-related causes . "  It depends on the season ; it depends on the virus , " Jhung said . Last year , 381,000 people were hospitalized and 171 children died in what 's being called a relatively severe season . However , the CDC estimates that flu vaccination prevented 6.6 million illnesses last year , 3.2 million doctor visits and at least 79,000 hospitalizations . Flu vaccines are recommended for everyone 6 months and older , especially pregnant women and those at high risk of complications , including the elderly , children younger than 5 years and those with underlying medical conditions such as asthma or diabetes . Antiviral medications are a good treatment if you do get sick , Jhung said , particularly those at high risk for complications . Ideally , antivirals should be started within two days of when symptoms appear . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	25 states are reporting widespread seasonal flu activity , the CDC says The cases appear to be those of a typical season H1N1 is the primary strain seen ; it 's no longer called "  swine flu "
CNN  -- A Swedish performer emerged victorious in the Eurovision Song Contest on Saturday , beating out competition from 25 other nations . Singer Loreen , 28 , won for "  Euphoria , " an upbeat dance-style song . Dressed in dark colors , she sang in shadows , playing off flashing lights , wind and snow . "  I want to say that I love you so much . Thank you for believing in me , " she said soon after winning , addressing her fans . "  This is not just mine . This is ours . " The annual event attracts an estimated global audience of 125 million and is loved for its combination of over-the-top costumes , kitsch pop songs , sometimes dubious talent and international rivalries . Among the more unusual contenders this year was Buranovskiye Babushki , a group of self-described grannies from Russia . Dressed in flowing skirts and sensible shoes , they performed a choreographed baking routine . Russia finished second behind Sweden . Serbia won third with a performance by Zeljko Joksimovic . Donny Montell , Lithuania 's entry , sang "  Love is Blind , " ripping off a blindfold as he broke into dance . Yet for all its entertainment value , talk in the run-up to this year 's contest was dominated by where it was being held -- Azerbaijan -- as its performers . The host nation generally uses the event to promote itself to tourists and foreign investors . But this year , human rights activists have questioned whether Azerbaijan , formerly part of the Soviet Union , should have been allowed to host the contest given what they describe as its poor record on freedom of expression . Human Rights Watch last month urged the contest 's organizers and other nations to put pressure on Azerbaijan 's government to prevent "  violence against journalists , social media activists , and human rights defenders ; refrain from using politically-motivated criminal charges against journalists and others ; release people imprisoned on politically-motivated charges ; and allow peaceful assemblies . " At present , Azerbaijan "  remains hostile towards free media and other forms of free expression , " the group said . "  Police have violently dispersed protests , beating and arresting peaceful demonstrators and organizers . " Azerbaijan ranks 162 out of 179 countries in the latest Press Freedom Index compiled by Reporters Without Borders . Rights advocacy group Amnesty International says 12 people are currently in prison in Azerbaijan because of their connection to anti-government protests held last year . Eleven of the prisoners began a hunger strike on 15 May that they intended to maintain until the end of the Eurovision Song Contest , Amnesty said . It was not immediately what has or will happen , with the talent show now complete . Azerbaijan 's ambassador to the United Kingdom , Fakhraddin Gurbanov , told CNN that human rights are guaranteed by his country 's constitution , but admitted there are problems . "  We are only 10 years old , and we are building a democratic society , " he said prior to the event , which he promised would showcase his country 's culture and hospitality . "  It 's a long way to go . It 's not easy , it 's very challenging . " Emin Milli , a former political prisoner in Azerbaijan now studying in London , accused the government of detaining a few individuals on politically-motivated grounds in order to scare other people . He told CNN he 'd hoped performers on the live show would comment on the human rights situation in Azerbaijan -- a statement that would be seen by tens of millions of people -- but that did n't happen . Despite the "  Euro - " prefix , contestants can come from any member country of the European Broadcasting Union  EBU  that includes numerous non-European nations , some , like Azerbaijan , from central Asia . The EBU is made up of broadcasters , not governments , and each year it is up to the participating broadcaster from each country to submit one act chosen through their own selection process . With Loreen 's victory Saturday , Sweden joins France , the United Kingdom and Luxembourg as countries that have recorded five wins . They all trail Ireland , whose contestants have walked away with the top prize seven times , including a run of three consecutive victories in 1992 , 1993 and 1994 . The voting that led to Loreen 's win began after all the finalists performed . Countries were awarded a set of points from one to eight , then 10 and finally 12 for their favorite songs . Voters could not select performers from their own countries , and the scores were announced in both English and French . Television viewers cast votes in their respective countries through telephone hotlines , which count toward the final vote . Many perceive the voting to be tactical , with neighbors or members of regional blocs , such as the former Soviet nations , appearing to base their scoring on geopolitical alliances rather than artistic merit . Most winning acts or artists go on to sink without trace . Among the few notable exceptions are ABBA , who won in 1974 with "  Waterloo , " and Celine Dion , who was imported from Quebec to represent Switzerland in the 1988 contest . CNN 's Atika Shubert and George Webster contributed to this report .	Swedish singer Loreen wins for her song "  Euphoria " The contest was held in Azerbaijan , amid controversy Singers from 26 countries took part in the final
CNN  -- Scratch Christian Bale off the list of actors supposed to play Steve Jobs . Bale was rumored to be the finalist to play the Apple co-founder in the Aaron Sorkin-written film biography but decided he was n't right for the part , said The Hollywood Reporter . The Jobs biopic has been in the works since at least 2012 , when Sony announced that Sorkin would write a film based on Walter Isaacson 's best-selling biography . Bale is the second notable performer to turn down the Jobs role . Leonardo DiCaprio was also pegged for the film . The Hollywood Reporter noted that neither Bale nor DiCaprio had begun negotiations . According to Variety , Seth Rogen is being talked about for the part of Steve Wozniak , Jobs ' Apple co-founder . The film is to be directed by Danny Boyle , who won an Oscar for "  Slumdog Millionaire . " Filming was scheduled to begin this winter .	Hollywood Reporter : Christian Bale declines role of Steve Jobs Film about Apple co-founder 's life has been in works for two years Movie is written by Aaron Sorkin , to be directed by Danny Boyle
CNN  -- Legendary and now disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong told Oprah Winfrey during a confessional interview that he hopes to compete again . "  If you 're asking me do I want to compete again , the answer is hell yes . I 'm a competitor , " Armstrong said during the second part of a two-part interview , which aired Friday on Winfrey 's OWN channel and online . "  I ca n't lie to you . I 'd love the opportunity to be able to compete , but that is n't the reason that I 'm doing this . Frankly , this may not be the most popular answer , but I think I deserve it , " he said . In part one of the interview , which aired Thursday , Armstrong admitted , unequivocally and for the first time , that he used performance-enhancing drugs on the way to seven Tour de France wins . When asked whether he felt disgraced , Armstrong said that he did . "  But I also feel humbled . I feel ashamed . This is ugly stuff , " he said during the second part of the interview . Armstrong , who has been stripped of his Tour de France titles and an Olympic bronze medal , blamed no one but himself for his doping decisions , and was careful not to implicate others . 7 lessons Armstrong 's confession has taught us "  I deserve to be punished , " Armstrong told Winfrey . But , he said : "  I 'm not sure that I deserve a death penalty , " comparing his punishment to the lesser punishments of other cyclists who doped . "  I 'm not saying that that 's unfair necessarily , but I 'm saying it 's different , " Armstrong said . The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency hit Armstrong with a lifetime ban after the agency issued a 202-page report in October that said there was overwhelming evidence he was directly involved in a sophisticated doping program . Armstrong , in the first part of the interview , talked about the culture of cycling at the time he competed , telling Winfrey that doping was widespread then and just as much "  part of the job " as water bottles and tire pumps . The former cyclist said he did n't view using banned drugs then as cheating . "  I viewed it as a level playing field . " The scandal has tarred the Livestrong cancer charity that Armstrong founded and brought an end to his endorsement deals . He described to Winfrey stepping down from that charity , which he characterized as his "  sixth child . " That moment , he said , was his most humbling . "  To make that decision and to step aside was -- that was big , " he said in Friday 's broadcast . "  It was the best thing for the organization , but it hurt like hell . " 12 telling quotes over the years from Armstrong Armstrong told his son : Do n't defend me anymore Throughout both parts of the interview with Winfrey , Armstrong spoke steadily and showed little emotion . That changed when Armstrong spoke about his family , and especially his kids . Appearing to hold back tears , Armstrong said he confessed to the three oldest children over the recent holiday break . "  The older kids need to not be living with this issue in their lives , " the athlete said . "  It is n't fair . " Speaking specifically about his 13-year-old son , who he had heard defending him , Armstrong said he told the youth : "  Do n't defend me anymore . " During the first part of the interview , Armstrong described himself as "  deeply flawed " and "  arrogant , " and spoke often of how so much was his "  fault . " 10 alternative steps to redemption for Armstrong "  I was a bully , " he told Winfrey of how he treated others who might expose him . But Armstrong was not telling the whole story , author David Coyle , who wrote a book about doping and the Tour de France , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday night . "  A partial confession is sort of the pattern here , " he said . "  Maybe this is Armstrong 's partial , and more will come out later . " The cyclist denied pushing teammates to dope , an assertion Coyle countered . "  Tyler Hamilton gets a phone call : Be on a plane tomorrow . We 're flying to Valencia to do a blood transfusion . That 's what happens , " Coyle said . Armstrong described his years of denial as "  one big lie that I repeated a lot of times . " He had races to win and a fairy tale image to keep up . He reminisced on his storied past of being a hero who overcame cancer , winning the Tour repeatedly , having a happy marriage , children . "  It 's just this mythic , perfect story , and it is n't true , " he said . Bleacher Report : Twitter erupts Thursday night Former teammate : More needs to happen Former cyclist Tyler Hamilton , who raced as a teammate of Armstrong from 1998 to 2001 , said it was nice to hear Armstrong own up to some of his faults . Hamilton was among those who broke from Armstrong and decried his use of performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong at the time denied the allegations and threatened him with legal action . "  He 's made the first step , " Hamilton told CNN 's Piers Morgan before the second interview aired . "  There are many more steps to come for Lance Armstrong . " According to Hamilton , the next step for the disgraced cyclist is to testify before cycling officials about the doping network , naming names as needed . The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which tests Olympic athletes for performance-enhancing drugs , similarly described the interview as a "  small step in the right direction . " Who is the next cycling hero ? "  If he is sincere in his desire to correct his past mistakes , he will testify under oath about the full extent of his doping activities , " USADA CEO Travis Tygart said . The International Cycling Union called it "  disturbing " to see Armstrong 's confessions , but it said the sport is much different today than it was 10 years ago . "  Lance Armstrong 's decision finally to confront his past is an important step forward on the long road to repairing the damage that has been caused to cycling and to restoring confidence in the sport , " union president Pat McQuaid said . Livestrong to likely survive Armstrong doping admission Years of success and defiance , then a rapid fall After winning various legs of the Tour de France , Armstrong 's sporting career ground to a halt in 1996 , when he was diagnosed with cancer . He was 25 . Why we cheat He told Winfrey that he then developed a "  ruthless and relentless " attitude that helped him survive . But he carried it with him into his sports career , "  and that 's bad , " he said . He returned to the cycling world , however . His breakthrough came in 1999 , and he did n't stop as he reeled off seven straight wins in his sport 's most prestigious race . Allegations of doping began during this time , as did Armstrong 's vehement defiance . He left the sport after his last win , in 2005 , only to return to the tour in 2009 . Armstrong still insists he was clean when he finished third that year , but that comeback led to his downfall . "  We would n't be sitting here if I did n't come back , " he told Winfrey . In 2011 , Armstrong retired once more from cycling . But his fight to maintain his clean reputation continued . Federal prosecutors launched a criminal investigation , but it was dropped in February . Cancer survivors have mixed feelings on Armstrong In April , the USADA notified Armstrong of an investigation into new doping charges . In response , the cyclist accused the organization of trying to "  dredge up discredited " allegations and filed a lawsuit in federal court trying to halt the case . Those who suffered for speaking out now feel vindicated . They include Betsy Andreu , wife of fellow cyclist Frankie Andreu , who said she overheard Armstrong acknowledge to a doctor treating him for cancer in 1996 that he had used performance-enhancing drugs . "  This was a guy who used to be my friend , who decimated me , " Andreu told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday night . "  He could have come clean . He owed it to me . He owes it to the sport that he destroyed . " The former athletic icon conceded he 'd let down many fans "  who believed in me and supported me . " "  I will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize to people . " Opinion : A loss for Lance , a win for Oprah CNN 's Greg Botelho , Ben Brumfield , Carol Cratty , Joseph Netto and George Howell contributed to this report .	NEW : Armstrong says he told his son : "  Do n't defend me anymore " He says he deserves punishment , but not the "  death penalty " Part two of Armstrong 's interview with Oprah Winfrey aired Friday night
CNN  -- "  What we 're talking about is not an open-ended intervention . This would not be another Iraq or Afghanistan , " President Barack Obama said this weekend in an address to the American public about a possible U.S. military strike in Syria . That the president knows he must say what the strike in Syria is not says a great deal about the uphill battle he has faced in making a case for limited military intervention . The ghosts of the Iraq War hover over any Syria action that the United States potentially undertakes . But Iraq is not Syria . While Americans are exhausted after 12 years of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in which nearly 7,000 U.S. service members were killed , the differences between the two conflicts are worth noting if the case for Syria is to be judged on its merits . 1 . Chemical weapons have been deployed . Unlike Iraq , where evidence supporting the case that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction turned out to be faulty , Syria 's arsenal  in this case , chemical weapons , which are considered a form of weapons of mass destruction  is well-documented . The Obama administration has assembled an extensive collection of evidence , both crowd-sourced and from intelligence sources , that point convincingly to President Bashar al-Assad 's forces having gassed innocent civilians . And U.N. investigators are scheduled to share their report soon . 2 . The United States has not been alone in condemning the regime and pushing for action . Unlike in 2002 when France led the vocal opposition to the U.S. attack on Iraq , our NATO ally stands next to America in supporting action against Syria 's dictator . British Prime Minister David Cameron is also in favor of action , though Parliament and the British public remain largely opposed . Leaders of both countries have argued that the Assad regime can not be permitted to trample international norms . Also different from a decade ago -- regional powers such as Saudi Arabia , Turkey and Jordan have pushed for greater U.S. intervention on the diplomatic and military fronts for months . Without the international community stepping in , the Syria conflict could threaten to overrun the region . 3 . Extremists have gained because of U.S. inaction . The aftermath of American military action saw Iraq become the flame to which extremist fighters from other countries flocked . Extremists seized the opportunity created by the chaos and slashed the country open further , taking advantage of the upheaval to foment a conflict that pierced the heart of Iraq 's sectarian divide . In Syria , however , extremists have seized opportunities while a civil war rages . For months , supporters of greater U.S. intervention in Syria have warned that if the United States continues to stay out of Syria , jihadists would pile in to Syria . They have . Extremist elements have gained ground with help from coffers filled by supporters in Qatar and elsewhere . The number of extremists operating in Syria has grown in part because no credible , well-funded alternative exists . Inaction could lead to extremists ' multiplication , not their neutralization . 4 . There 's a savage humanitarian crisis with no end in sight . Before the American invasion , Iraq was a functioning state and society , albeit one presided by a dictator who had used chemical weapons in the past and ruled with fear and terror . But it faced no epic humanitarian crisis . Syria today is not functioning ; it is in fragments . More than 100,000 people -- the population of Cambridge , Massachusetts , or Burbank , California -- have been killed in the 2 1/2 - year war . Refugees number 2 million , a staggering figure , and half of those are children . Close to 800,000 of these displaced are under the age of 11 . Neighbors Turkey , Jordan and Lebanon all face the specter of instability created by the mounting numbers of refugees flooding their borders . Jordan has said as much , warning that it is a strain to absorb the refugees arriving each day . America is skeptical after a conflict that many now feel was not worth fighting for based on premises that turned out to be untrue . Unlike in 2002 , America is no longer ready to give its policymakers the benefit of doubt when it comes to entering battle . The past decade has left America exhausted , unwilling to pay another bill in treasured lives lost and dollars spent . America 's commander in chief is aware of the reluctance . This is why he called for limited intervention . It seems that an endless war -- or even an extended one that includes ground troops -- is unlikely . Getting into another protracted conflict in faraway lands is the last thing that Americans want . "  I know that the American people are weary after a decade of war , even as the war in Iraq has ended , and the war in Afghanistan is winding down , " the president said . "  But we are the United States of America . We can not turn a blind eye to images like the ones we 've seen out of Syria . " As Congress and the American public debate just what to do in Syria , it is important to be clear-eyed about just what Syria is and what it is not . And it is not Iraq . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Tzemach Lemmon .	Gayle Tzemach Lemmon : President had to explain to the public what a Syria strike is not Lemmon : Past decade has left America exhausted , unwilling to enter another battle She says intervening in Syria conflict would be different from going to war in Iraq Lemmon : If U.S. takes no action , extremism may rise and refugee crisis may worsen
CNN  -- If you took a moment during the heat of the presidential race to drop by the Mitt Romney campaign office , you would have been shocked by the number of white people working to get him elected . About the only color you would have seen were the red and white in the Romney-Ryan posters . If you met with Romney 's senior campaign team -- the decision makers -- you would have said major corporations in America have more diversity on their boards of directors than these guys . At a Romney campaign event , followers of mine on Twitter always played the "  do-you-know-that-one-black-person-who-is-always-standing-behind-Mitt-with-a-sign " game . Seriously . Seeing someone black , Hispanic or Asian at a Romney campaign rally was always a sight to behold . So why in the world is Mitt Romney now largely blaming minorities for the butt-kicking administered to him by President Obama ? Politics : Jindal slams Romney for ` gifts ' comment about minorities , young voters In a conference call with donors , Romney attributed his loss to the president playing Santa Claus by showering minorities and young voters with "  gifts " -- health care , student loans and those things Americans clearly do n't need . "  The Obama campaign was following the old playbook of giving a lot of stuff to groups that they hoped they could get to vote for them and be motivated to go out to the polls , specifically the African-American community , the Hispanic community and young people , " Romney said during the conference call . "  In each case they were very generous in what they gave to those groups . " Opinion : Democrats , do n't get too cocky Hey , black people , Mitt reveals what you got for your vote ! "  With regards to African-American voters , ` Obamacare ' was a huge plus -- and was highly motivational to African-American voters . You can imagine for somebody making $ 25 - , or $ 30 - , or $ 35,000 a year , being told ` You 're now going to get free health care ' -- particularly if you do n't have it , getting free health care worth , what , $ 10,000 a family , in perpetuity -- I mean this is huge . Likewise with Hispanic voters , free health care was a big plus . " Hey , Hispanic people , what did Obama have for you behind door No. 2 ? "  The amnesty for the children of illegals -- the so-called Dream Act kids -- was a huge plus for that voting group . On the negative side , of course , they always characterized us as being anti-immigrant , being tough on illegal immigration , and so forth , so that was very effective with that group . " Jindal : How Republicans can win future elections Wow , thanks , Daddy Mitt , for breaking that down for us ! Now it 's time for a dose of reality from the black guy to the white guy , Mitt Romney . Mitt , last I checked , the Affordable Care Act is for all Americans . The white ones too ! Your effort to portray the health care law as nothing more than a freebie to the blacks is a joke . The Dream Act for kids could largely be seen as helping Latinos , but there are some white folks and people of African descent mixed into the pot that makes up those in the country illegally , so you 're again off base . But Mitt , you need to check your facts and realize that there were a lot of white people who really did n't like you . Opinion : Republicans lost the culture war According to exit polls , 72 % of all U.S. voters were white . That 's a super majority . Mitt , you got 59 % of those voters . That 's a big number , but you must understand that you might have wanted to appeal to more than just white voters to win . When you give one speech to the NAACP and only one interview with a black media outlet , Black Enterprise -- son , that 's not gon na cut it . But the most hilarious thing to see is how many of the whitest states in America the white guy lost to the black guy . See , if you accept Romney 's theory that minorities were a prime reason he lost , then he should have cleaned up in the Electoral College in those really , really , really white states . Let 's take a look : Maine , 94 % white : Obama Vermont , 94 % white : Obama New Hampshire , 92 % white : Obama West Virginia , 93 % white : Romney Iowa , 88 % white : Obama North Dakota , 88 % white : Romney Wyoming , 85 % white : Romney Idaho , 83 % white : Romney Nebraska , 82 % white : Romney Ohio , 81 % white : Obama Utah , 80 % white : Romney That means of 11 really , really , really white states , Obama won five and Romney won six . So Mitt , if it 's just about those minorities , what happened ? This is why Mitt Romney should n't have been president . He ca n't accept reality , and his judgment on his loss is more than suspect . Even Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , a fellow Republican , had to smack Romney for his ignorant comments : "  I absolutely reject that notion , " he said . "  I think that 's absolutely wrong . " Opinion : How Republicans can win future elections Bottom line , Mitt : The black guy beat you because he offered a more inclusive message to a cross section of people than you . You wanted to protect the richest of the rich in this country , and President Obama saw that providing a pathway to college to a wider number of Americans , as well as confronting the health crisis we have , was vitally important . Mitt , your message was arrogant and dismissive . The "  47 % " comment you made at that Florida fundraiser , which you later said was "  completely wrong , " was clearly meant in earnest . You actually believed what you said . You think that minorities and young people are a bunch of victims who just want free stuff , or as you call them , gifts . Well , Mitt , America should be thankful minorities and young people rejected your nonsense . We need a president who offers a vision for a more inclusive America , not one who sees health care , college loans and an initiative to deal with immigration reform as "  gifts . " GPS : Did Ryan 's ideas doom Romney ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Mitt Romney is largely blaming minorities for his loss to President Obama In a talk with donors , Romney said Obama showered minorities and young voters with "  gifts " Exit polls say 72 % of all U.S. voters were white , and Romney received 59 % of their votes Martin : America should be thankful minorities and young rejected Romney 's "  nonsense "
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- An imperial "  dragon " throne owned by a Chinese emperor set the world auction record for Chinese furniture Thursday , selling for about US $ 11 million . Nicolas Chow of Sotheby 's , pictured , said mainland Chinese buyers were "  ready to pay the premium . " There was frenzied bidding among mainland , Hong Kong and Taiwan collectors at the Sotheby 's auction in Hong Kong . Thirty-six bids came in 10 minutes , with tension building as a new telephone bidder jumped into the competition . "  These mainland  China  buyers , mainland collectors are ready to pay the premium it takes to secure an object of this quality , " said Nicolas Chow , international head of Chinese ceramics and art at Sotheby 's . The winning bid of US $ 11,068,193  HK $ 85,780,000  was by a private Shanghai businessman . It was nearly triple the estimate of US $ 3.9 million  HK $ 30 million  , Sotheby 's said . Watch why the throne is so prized " "  This is the place from which the emperor conducted his stately affairs and received foreign envoys and basically , this is a seat of power , " Chow said . "  No one else should have sat down in this place . " The throne belonged to Emperor Qianlong , who ruled from 1736-1795 . The 4.6 foot-long  140 centimeters  piece is considered rare and prized because of the zitan wood from which it was carved . It also features carved panels , curved legs and an elaborate "  Five Dragon " carving on the front and back . The number five represents the "  five blessings " of old age , wealth , health , virtue and peaceful death , according to Sotheby 's . Other pieces that sold Thursday included a celadon ground butterfly vase . The Qianlong period piece sold for US $ 2.74 million  HK $ 21.3 million  . CNN 's Pauline Chiou contributed to this report .	Private Shanghai businessman puts forth winning bid of US $ 11,068,193  HK$ 85 M Frenzied bidding occurs among mainland , Hong Kong and Taiwan collectors Throne has carved panels , curved legs and a "  Five Dragon " carving on front and back It belonged to Emperor Qianlong , who ruled from 1736-1795
CNN  -- Bosnian police have recaptured a former member of Serb paramilitary forces who escaped from prison nearly five years ago , authorities said . Radovan Stankovic was convicted in Bosnia in November 2006 for crimes against humanity , including rape , sexual assault and enslavement of women and young girls during Bosnia 's 1992-1995 war . He escaped from a Bosnian prison in May 2007 . "  Today 's apprehension of Stankovic significant for the victims of the grave crimes he has been convicted for , " the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia said in a statement Saturday . "  I hope that this arrest reflects an increased commitment of the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to support the process of bringing to justice those responsible for the grave crimes committed on their territory in the early 1990s . " Stankovic was captured in Foca , the same town he escaped from jail .	Radovan Stankovic was convicted in Bosnia in November 2006 He escapes from a Bosnian prison in May 2007 Stankovic is captured in Foca , the same town he escaped from jail
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A 23-year-old medical student pleaded not guilty Monday to an indictment alleging first-degree murder charge in a killing tied to Craigslist . Philip Markoff is charged with killing a woman and robbing another in Boston hotels in April . Philip Markoff is accused in the the fatal shooting of one woman and the robbery another in Boston hotels earlier this year . A Massachusetts grand jury late last week indicted him on seven counts , including first-degree murder . Markoff is charged with the April 14 fatal shooting and attempted robbery of Julissa Brisman , 25 , and the armed robbery of a 29-year-old Las Vegas woman on April 10 . Investigators have linked both crimes to ads on the popular Web site Craigslist . He is also charged with "  the armed and forcible confinement " of the two women , as well as two counts of unlawful firearm possession , the Suffolk County District Attorney 's Office said . Watch Markoff in court " The grand jury returned the indictment late Thursday , and it moves the case from Boston Municipal Court to Suffolk Superior Court , where Markoff entered his not guilty plea on Monday . He previously had pleaded not guilty in the city court and is being held without bail . Markoff 's attorney , John Salzberg , had no comment on the new indictment . Prosecutors said Brisman , a model from New York who advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , was shot three times at close range and suffered blunt head trauma at the Marriott Copley Place hotel . The Las Vegas woman was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express gift cards at the Westin Copley Place hotel , police reports said . Markoff , a second-year medical student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , also has been charged in a nonfatal hotel assault in Rhode Island . He has been charged with assault with the intent to rob , assault with a dangerous weapon , possession of a handgun and use of a firearm while committing a crime of violence , stemming from an April 16 robbery attempt at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , Rhode Island .	NEW : Suspect pleads not guilty to slaying of woman , robbery of another Philip Markoff charged in seven-count indictment Police : Both April incidents linked to ads on Craigslist.com Slain woman was masseuse who advertised on Craigslist , prosecutors say
CNN  Judge Judy Sheindlin 's contract has been renewed through 2020 , it was announced Monday by Armando Nunez , president and CEO of the CBS Global Distribution Group . The new contract includes a first-look production deal with Queen Bee Productions , which is owned by Judy Sheindlin . This past season , Queen Bee and CBS launched "  Hot Bench , " a show that quickly has become one of the highest-rated new hits on daytime television , averaging 2.3 million viewers a day  when multiple airings are combined  . The show "  Judge Judy " is already set through the 2017 season . It is typical that the creator 's deal is renewed before they renew the show itself . That is expected shortly . Other than the extension through 2020 , there were no details announced about the contract for Sheindlin , 72 , who has been starring on Judge Judy since September 1996 . She is reportedly is among the highest-paid personalities on television , earning about $ 45 million a year under her old contract  and without factoring in earnings from Hot Bench  . "  I 'm thrilled to be working with my CBS family for five more years and very excited about this new adventure in production , " said Sheindlin . "  I loved the experience of creating and developing Hot Bench and look forward to replicating its success with more new , compelling and smart TV . " Said Nunez : "  She is a true television icon who entertains and inspires millions of fans each day on Judge Judy . We look forward to continuing to provide our station partners with her highly successful show and to working with her to create the next generation of hits . " "  Judge Judy " is the highest-rated regular series in all of TV syndication , regularly outdrawing such iconic shows as Wheel of Fortune and top-rated talkers like Ellen and Dr. Phil . In its 19th season , Judge Judy is averaging 10.3 million viewers a day . Among court shows , it has been the top program nearly since it went on the air . It now has been No. 1 in the genre for 969 consecutive weeks . "  Judge Judy " is produced by Big Ticket Pictures , a division of CBS , and is distributed by CBS Television Distribution . Randy Douthit is executive producer and director . Hot Bench was created by Sheindlin and is executive produced by Douthit and Maureen FitzPatrick . It features a panel of three judges -- Patricia DiMango , Tanya Acker and Larry Bakman -- who take viewers behind the scenes to share in their deliberations before a verdict is rendered . Hot Bench also is produced by Big Ticket Pictures and Queen Bee Productions and is distributed by CTD , which distributes 10 five-run shows in syndication .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	The new contract includes a first look deal Her court show is set through the 2017 season "  Judge Judy " is the highest-rated regular series in all of TV syndication
CNN  -- Phillip Garrido had a story to tell -- about how God helped him overcome the evil inside him . Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender , was arraigned in California on Friday . The campus at the University of California at Berkeley was his pulpit , and he hoped his neighbors and customers of his printing business would become his flock . He wanted to share his story with anyone who would listen , including law enforcement . Just days before he was arrested and an 18-year-old kidnap mystery was solved , Garrido walked into an FBI office in San Francisco , California , with a stack of documents . The purported writings were a two-part manifesto . First he discussed the "  Origin of schizophrenia revealed . " Some who know him say Garrido spoke of having schizophrenia and attention deficit disorder . In the second part of the documents , Garrido detailed his struggle with sexual urges , in writings he titled "  Stepping into the light . " In the documents , obtained by CNN , Garrido confessed his past aggressive sexual impulses , but said he is no longer that man . Listen to Garrido speak of "  heartwarming " story " Garrido and his wife were charged last week with crimes relating to the abduction of 11-year-old Jaycee Lee Dugard in 1991 and her captivity in a hidden shed-and-tent compound in the couple 's backyard in Antioch , California . They pleaded not guilty to charges of rape , kidnapping and false imprisonment . See photos of Dugard 's living conditions " After his arrest , Garrido said documents he gave to the FBI would be key , that they would help people understand who he really was . He told a local television reporter the documents would show a "  heartwarming story , " one that helped him "  completely " turn his life around . KCRA : Read transcript of Garrido 's interview after his arrest The documents provide a glimpse into the mind of a man who said he thinks he has a God-given gift . The power to control minds with sound was his salvation , he said , and would help others before they committed violence . He wrote that he wanted to share his story to provide "  solid hope for everyone who suffers from the many forms of aggressive sexual behavior as well as other problematic behaviors . " Garrido spoke of his sexual urges during his trial in 1977 , when he was convicted of abducting and raping a 25-year-old casino worker in a mini-warehouse . He spent 11 years in jail for those crimes . He testified about his sexual fantasies , which included masturbating while reading magazines , watching movies , and in restaurants or bathrooms . In his writings , he detailed how hard it was for him to control himself . Garrido wrote that he realized he could n't control his impulses and they were plaguing the ones he loved . "  Certain behaviors cause a great deal of pain in myself and those who are victimized by those behaviors , especially our family and my wife , " he wrote . That pain made him try to change from the predator he had become , he wrote . He said he began forcing himself to look at attractive women , but would not allow himself to act . "  See how beautiful she is to look at , " he would tell himself . In time , Garrido wrote , he began to stop physically acting on his feelings . As time went on , Garrido wrote , he kept those sexual compulsions at bay , beginning with controlling masturbation , which he said in the past had often taken place in public . He wrote that he became free and able to experience sexual enjoyment for the first time with his wife , though it was unclear whether he was referring to Nancy , his legal wife , or to Dugard , the mother of two of his children . He claimed he realized how wrong he had been in the past . "  I realized I never needed to act or do the things I used to believe was so great and stimulating , " Garrido wrote , referring to what he called "  one of the most powerful freedoms imaginable . " "  I began to weep telling her ' I am so sorry for the things I did in the past , ' " Garrido wrote about his wife , adding that he experienced a feeling of remorse he never had before . That feeling of salvation was something Garrido believed was a gift . He said he thought it meant it was up to him to help other sexual predators turn their lives around . "  It will begin to open a new pathway for us all . God willing , I will be teaching this and other skills Christ is providing for me in the prisons throughout the U.S. as well as overseas , " he wrote .	Suspect Phillip Garrido gave FBI documents just days before he was arrested Suspect says in documents he used mind control to stop predatory impulses Garrido in document : "  I realized I never needed to act or do the things I used to " Garrido , wife Nancy , arrested for kidnapping girl in 1991 , keeping her in shed
CNN  -- The San Francisco Giants won their first World Series title since 1954 on Monday , after the California-based team beat the Texas Rangers 3-1 away at the Arlington Ballpark to secure a 4-1 victory in Major League baseball 's best-of-seven-game contest . After narrowly missing out in the "  Fall Classic " in 1962 , 1989 and 2002 , the result marked the Giants ' sixth overall World Series win , but only their first since the franchise moved from New York to the west coast city in 1958 . The game was the end of an incredible season for the Giants -- who qualified for the final by beating the Atlanta Braves and defending National League Champions the Philadelphia Phillies -- after they clinched a play-off place on the last day of the six-month regular season . But it was a disappointing night for the Rangers , who were appearing in the World Series final for the first time in the team 's 50-year history . Is the Giants ' triumph bad for baseball ? Veteran shortstop Edgar Renteria -- who produced the winning hit in the final game of the 1997 series for the Florida Marlins -- sealed the win for the Giants with a three-run homer in the seventh innings , and the 35-year-old Colombian was subsequently named the series ' Most Valuable Player . "  I did n't forget that we were playing a great offensive team like Texas , " Renteria told the Giants ' official website . "  That 's why I told my teammates , ` Keep playing , ' because we know they can tie the game right away . " But the Texas-based team were unable to catch the eventual winners , and American starting pitcher Tim Linecum was also invaluable for the Giants , striking out 10 and scattering three hits over eight innings , allowing just one home run to Rangers player Nelson Cruz -- his side 's only score . "  I felt pretty collected , " Linecum said . "  From the first inning on , my adrenaline kind of just dissipated and I was able to calm down . I was very poised out there . " The Rangers had hoped for more on their World Series debut , but the team who had not won a play-off game until three weeks ago admitted they were beaten by better players . "  Not much worked for us this series . We won one game , " Ian Kinsler of the Rangers told his side 's official website . "  They pitched better than us . They did everything better than us . "	San Francisco Giants beat Texas Rangers 3-1 to win best-of-seven World Series 4-1 Calfornia-based Giants ended fans ' 56-year wait for a championship pennant It is the franchise 's sixth in total but first since it moved from New York in 1958 Rangers were playing in the first World Series final of the team 's 50-year history
CNN  -- Newt Gingrich quit the presidential race on Wednesday . Long after he exhausted the patience of the voters , he finally concluded that the mathematical probability of winning the Republican nomination was next to nil . Why spend money and raise false hopes if you ca n't win ? Best to get out now and join the veepstakes . That 's the kind of logic that an ordinary , candidate-focused campaign employs . Ron Paul , on the other hand , refuses to drop out . Commanding a plurality of delegates in only one state , and having taken just 10.61 percent nationally so far , it could be argued that the 76-year-old libertarian has even less reason to carry on than Gingrich -- except perhaps to collect the air miles . However , unlike Gingrich , Paul 's campaign represents a message that is bigger and perhaps more popular than the candidate himself . As it continues to collect small numbers of delegates and capture control of local GOPs , Paulism is proving itself to be in rude health . Long after Mitt Romney is nominated , feted at the convention , beaten by Obama and recycled as a question on Jeopardy  "  In 2012 , he lost every state but Utah . " "  Who is ... Britt Gormley ? "  , Paul 's philosophy will still be a factor in national politics -- something to be feared and courted in equal measure . Team Paul has certainly made some big errors this year , such as exclusively focusing on Iowa and New Hampshire . Although he did well in both , only a first in either would have really justified the expense . Thereafter , the campaign unwisely ignored South Carolina and Florida , reasoning that their expensive media markets were n't worth the effort . As a consequence , Paul was ignored for weeks until Nevada . I am informed by Paul sources that their campaign was counting on Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum to drop out after they realized they could n't win , which would have allowed Ron Paul to emerge as the only conservative challenger to Romney . Of course , that 's not what happened . Strategy aside , the candidate had his faults , too . I have to declare a great deal of affection for Paul . Unlike other politicians , he seems motivated by ideas -- and he communicates his passion with the zeal of a nutty professor detailing the thrilling possibilities of quasars and black holes . This is a doctor who refused to accept Medicare payments but lowered his prices for patients who could n't afford him , who declined a government pension and never voted for a tax increase , who told Republicans they need to end the War on Drugs  and most other wars , too  . He 's pure . But Paul has also been around a long time and is starting to look like a perennial candidate . His emphasis upon a noninterventionist foreign policy might be what attracted so many activists and donations , but it has also contributed to the sense that he is a marginal candidate . There simply are n't enough anti-war conservatives within the Republican Party to justify the energy that Paul generates around the issue , while the GOP brand is too toxic to attract enough crossover anti-war liberals into the primaries to turn him into a contender . Ann Coulter 's remark that "  I love Ron Paul on everything but Iraq , " is a good summary of his problem : While Paul 's platform is attractive to many conservatives , he remains solely identified by his opposition to the war on terror . Nevertheless , Paul 's 2012 candidacy has had certain hidden successes . Aside from all the money he raised , Ron Paul also attracted an unusual coalition of young people , libertarian Republicans , and disaffected Democrats -- a coalition large enough for him to run even with Obama in some polls . The pull among the kids was big enough to fuel talk of a new generational voting bloc . In Iowa , he took 48 % of the under-30s , compared with Santorum 's 23 % and Romney 's 14 % . In New Hampshire , he got 47 % , while Romney took just 26 % . There was a problem , however . In Virginia  the only state that was a straightforward Paul vs Romney vote  , Paul 's vote was overwhelmingly young but not orthodox Republican in its views . His supporters were more inclined to be pro-choice on abortion , nonevangelical , and opposed to the tea party . Given that Paul is pro-life , religious , and wildly supportive of the tea party , this confirms the growing tension between the man and his movement . In the future , a Paulite candidate might do better by running third party on a more socially tolerant platform . Young people seem to like their libertarianism to be socially tolerant as well as fiscally prudent . Within the GOP , the Paulites are still the unbeaten masters of the administrative procedure . Last Saturday , they swept a confusing ballot process in Louisiana to give themselves control of 70 % of delegates attending the state 's nominating convention , which could mean they end up numerically "  winning " Louisiana . Similar things have happened in Minnesota and even Romney 's home state of Massachusetts . Combine this administrative brilliance with generational politics and you get a silent grass-roots revolution that is putting many Paulites in positions of power . In 2010 , more than a dozen of them won elections as Republicans , including Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan and Sen. Rand Paul  son of Ron  of Kentucky . This year , two dozen active Paul backers are seeking election to Congress , along with more than 200 running for local office . The Paulites have effectively taken over the Iowa GOP . The state central committee now has six members who are passionate for Paul , and the head of the local party is now a Paulite . Given the importance of Iowa to the 2016 nomination , this is a coup in every sense . All of this means the GOP can no longer ignore its libertarian "  fringe . " On the contrary , it will have to reach out to a new generation of activists who do n't regard religious piety or continual warfare as sacred tenets of conservatism . Even Romney will have to take Sarah Palin 's advice not to "  marginalize " the Paulites if he is to emerge from the nominating convention with a united party . Whatever happens in 2012 , we are living through a significant moment in the history of conservatism . The age of Bush and Obama -- twin specters of lavish spending and imperial design -- have birthed anti-government movements of right  tea party  and left  Occupy  . The one that will last longest and have the most impact is the one that has been the most pragmatic and politically savvy . The Ron Paul revolution wo n't stop here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley says Ron Paul has gained influence , if not a nomination Paul 's brand of libertarian Republicanism deserves GOP notice , he says Paul represents a message that is bigger than the candidate , Stanley says
CNN  The man suspected of killing a deputy U.S. marshal at a motel in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , has died , Brittany Stewart in the East Baton Rouge Coroner 's Office said Wednesday . The cause of death is pending autopsy , she said . Jamie Croom , 31 , was wounded in a shootout with Deputy U.S. Marshal Josie Wells . It can be one of the most dangerous tasks for a law enforcement officer : serving an arrest warrant to a fugitive murder suspect . When Wells tried to do that Tuesday , he lost his life . "  Wells was part of a team executing arrest warrants on a fugitive wanted for double homicide in Baton Rouge , " the U.S. Marshals Service said in a news release . "  The team engaged in gunfire with the fugitive and Wells was shot . He was immediately transported to Lane Regional Medical Center in Zachary , Louisiana , where he died . " Wells , 28 , was trying to arrest Croom , who is suspected in the deaths of a brother and sister in New Roads , Louisiana , CNN affiliate WAFB said . "  Our deputies and law enforcement partners face untold dangers every day in the pursuit of justice in cities nationwide , " said U.S. Marshals Service Director Stacia A. Hylton said in a news release . "  The fugitive who killed Deputy Wells was extremely dangerous , wanted for double homicide and intentionally evaded justice . ... When a public servant dies in the line of duty , it is an immeasurable tragedy felt by all . Our thoughts and prayers are with Deputy Wells ' family , friends and colleagues . " Officials would not elaborate on exactly what happened , but The Advocate newspaper in Baton Rouge said there was a shootout . Authorities said Croom shot and killed Wells at a Baton Rouge motel . Wells , 28 , was based in Mississippi but was on temporary assignment in the Baton Rouge area , the Sun Herald newspaper said . He was married and came from a law enforcement family . Despite the risks , Wells loved his job . "  It was his passion , " longtime friend Alex McGee told the paper . "  I tipped my hat to him because he knew the dangers and wanted to do the job anyway . " Croom , the suspect , was taken to a hospital after he was wounded , WAFB said . He was wanted in the shooting deaths of the two siblings in February and was also on probation for firearms charges . That double homicide stemmed from a feud over a loan made to one of the victim 's relatives as well as an alleged break-in at the suspect 's grandmother 's house , Croom 's older sister Latonia Croom Duncan told CNN . Duncan said the family reported threats and a shooting at her grandmother 's house to police , but said there was never any follow-up . She said her brother called her the night of the homicides , which took place at a nightclub . "  He called me and said he loved me and that he 'd be gone , " Duncan said . "  He said he was n't going back to jail . Before he 'd go back to jail , he said , he 'd rather be dead . " CNN 's Devon M. Sayers , John Newsome , Sam Stringer and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	The fugitive who killed the marshal was "  extremely dangerous , " U.S. Marshals Service director says Deputy U.S. Marshal Josie Wells , 28 , died after trying to arrest Jamie Croom "  Before he 'd go back to jail , he said , he 'd rather be dead , " Croom 's sister says
CNN  Serena Williams is ending her Indian Wells boycott in a spirit of "  forgiveness " 14 years after suffering racist abuse at the Californian resort 's showpiece tennis tournament . World No. 1 Williams , who won the Australian Open with victory over Maria Sharapova in Melbourne last month , announced her decision -- explained in an exclusive interview with TIME magazine -- on Twitter . Back in 2001 , age 19 , she lifted her second Indian Wells trophy by beating Kim Clijsters -- but she and her family were racially abused by some members of the crowd after sister Venus withdrew from their semifinal with an injury . That sparked accusations from some that their father , Richard , was "  fixing " games between the two . He later said the abuse the family had suffered during the final "  shamed America . " His daughter told TIME he "  had to sit and watch his daughter being taunted , sparking cold memories of his experiences growing up in the South . " She instantly vowed never to return to the scene of her first-ever professional victory , in a doubles match with Venus in 1997 , but revealed that she now felt ready to go back and compete in the BNP Paribas Open , being played in March . "  I 'm fortunate to be at a point in my career where I have nothing to prove , " Williams explained . "  I 'm still as driven as ever , but I play for the love of the game . "  It is with that love in mind , and a new understanding of the true meaning of forgiveness , that I will proudly return to Indian Wells in 2015 . " The 33-year-old said a feeling that attitudes in tennis had progressed had helped to make up her mind , citing the prompt action taken by the Women 's Tennis Association and United States Tennis Association when she and Venus were victims of racist and sexist comments made by a Russian official last year . "  I have thought about going back to Indian Wells many times over my career , " Williams said . "  I said a few times that I would never play there again . And believe me , I meant it . I admit it scared me . What if I walked onto the court and the entire crowd booed me ? The nightmare would start all over . " She said it had been "  difficult for me to forget spending hours crying in the Indian Wells locker room after winning in 2001 , driving back to Los Angeles feeling as if I had lost the biggest game ever -- not a mere tennis game but a bigger fight for equality . " "  Emotionally it seemed easier to stay away , " she explained . "  There are some who say I should never go back . There are others who say I should have returned years ago . "  I understand both perspectives very well and wrestled with them for a long time . I 'm just following my heart on this one . " Her decision was welcomed by tournament CEO Raymond Moore , who confirmed that she had accepted a wild card for the event . "  We really look forward to watching her compete again , " he said .	World No. 1 had vowed never to return to scene of her first professional victory She and her family suffered racist abuse during 2001 final against Kim Clijsters Australian Open champion says changing attitudes in the game helped decision She will play with ' a new understanding of the true meaning of forgiveness '
CNN  -- The Australian cruiser met the disguised German vessel in the waters off western Australia two years after the two became enemies in World War II . The gun turret of the Sydney II was discovered with the rest of the vessel in March 2008 . The Australian ship approached , trying to determine whether the vessel was friendly . It was n't . What resulted was Australia 's worst naval disaster : the sinking of the Australian ship and the loss of its entire crew of 645 . The wreckage was n't found until last year , leading to decades of conspiracy theories about what actually happened . On Wednesday a long-awaited report on the sinking of the Sydney II ended the mystery that began when it met its fate , November 19 , 1941 . Made to look like a cargo ship , the German vessel was in fact a military raider that fired on the Australians when they got close . The Sydney fired back and , in the end , both ships went down . More than 300 of the sailors on board the German vessel , the Kormoran , survived . But because they were the only witnesses to the disaster , some doubted their accounts , leading to various theories about the real fate of the Sydney . After the wrecks of both ships were located in March 2008 , an Australian commission began an inquiry to formally close the book on the loss of the Sydney . The results confirm the accounts provided by the German sailors . They said the Sydney closed in on the Kormoran until it was parallel with the German ship , little more than 1,000 yards away . "  Sydney obviously thought the ship was friendly and was taken by surprise when , after she asked what she believed to be  a friendly ship  to give her secret call sign , the response was a number of salvos that destroyed Sydney 's bridge and amidships superstructure and a torpedo strike that crippled the ship and her forward guns , " the report said . The Sydney had given up its tactical advantage of speed and armaments by getting so close to an unknown vessel , the report said . While that may have been an error of judgment by the Australian captain , Joseph Burnett , the report accepted that other factors -- which may never be known -- influenced his decision . "  It can never be known what matters were , in fact , operating in Capt. Burnett 's mind when he decided to take the Sydney to the position described . Nor can it be known what advice , if any , he sought from or was given by other officers on the bridge , " the report says . "  What is known , however , is that , in trying to identify the sighted ship , Capt. Burnett was performing his duty as a commanding officer . " The German ship inflicted "  enormous damage " on the Sydney during a battle that is believed to have lasted about 35 minutes and left 70 percent of the Sydney 's crew dead or incapacitated , said Cmdr. Jack Rush , the lawyer who presented the evidence gathered by investigators to a commission of inquiry led by a retired judge . It is likely that Burnett , the navigator , and all of the Sydney 's senior officers were taken out on the first salvo , Rush said . A torpedo tore into the Sydney 's bow , flooding the forward end of the ship , while the Kormoran fired an estimated 87 rounds from its 15-cm  5.9-inch  guns into the Australian cruiser . The Sydney limped away and sank sometime between 2 hours to 41/2 hours later , Rush said . During the battle , however , the Kormoran itself was hit by an Australian shell that damaged its engines and set the vessel ablaze . With hundreds of mines aboard , its captain ordered the crew to abandon ship , fearing the fire would set those off . Charges were set and the ship was scuttled . About 80 of the Kormoran 's crew of nearly 400 were lost . A search began only five days after the battle , when the Sydney failed to return to port in Fremantle . And an 11-day delay by Australia 's government in announcing the ship 's loss fueled what a 1999 parliamentary report called "  a proliferation of theories " about the fate of the crew -- that the ship was actually sunk by a Japanese submarine , that survivors were machine-gunned in the water or that the government hid bodies after they washed up on the beach . The commission thoroughly investigated all the theories and speculations surrounding the disaster and found no substance in any of them , said Terence Cole , president of the commission . Researchers found the Sydney 's wreckage in the Indian Ocean , about 207 km  128 miles  off Australia 's west coast . The commission was appointed in May 2008 and began its inquiry in January . "  For a long time our nation has struggled to understand how our greatest maritime disaster occurred . The unanswered questions have haunted the families of those brave sailors and airman that never came home , " Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , the chief of the Australian Defence Force , said in a written statement .	Finding : Sydney 's captain , senior officers likely to have died in first salvo Sinking of Sydney II and loss of crew of 645 was Australia 's worst naval disaster German vessel , the Kormoran , was made to look like a cargo ship Both ships went down ; more than 300 on Kormoran survived ; wrecks found last year
CNN  -- Hispanics in the United States are less likely than whites to access the internet , have a home broadband connection or own a cell phone , according to a study by the Pew Hispanic Center released Wednesday . The study found that differences in educational level and income are likely behind the digital gap , as the divide in most cases disappears when adjusted for those two factors . Latinos also lag behind African-Americans in home broadband access but have similar rates of internet and cell phone use , the study found . While about two-thirds of Hispanic and African-American adults went online in 2010 , more than three-fourths of white adults did so , the study found . As for broadband use at home , the gap between Hispanics and whites is significant , the study says . "  The difference in internet use between Hispanics and whites is driven in part by the fact that Hispanics tend to have less education and lower incomes than whites , " study author Gretchen Livingston wrote . "  When education or income are controlled for , the ethnic differences in internet use disappear . " Educational attainment is also correlated with internet use , according to the study . While only 42 % of Latinos without a high school diploma are online , that share increases to 68 % for those who have completed high school . And 91 % of Latinos who have attended at least some college say that they go online . Household income is also strongly associated with internet use , the study says . In households with incomes under $ 30,000 a year , some 57 % of Hispanics use the internet , the study says . That number jumps up to 79 % for Hispanic households that make between $ 30,000 and $ 49,999 . And more than 90 % of Latinos in households with incomes of more than $ 50,000 are online , the study found . In sum , what the report found was that "  Hispanics and whites who have similar socioeconomic characteristics have similar usage patterns for these technologies . " The report was based on two national surveys . The Pew Hispanic Center 's 2010 National Survey of Latinos was a survey of 1,375 adults and had a margin of error of 3.3 % . The second survey was the Pew Internet and American Life Project in August 2010 , which surveyed 3,010 adults and had a margin of error of 2.5 % .	Hispanics are less likely than whites to access the internet or have broadband , study says Differences in educational level and income are likely factors behind the gap , it says Study is based on two surveys
New York  CNN  -- Four people were killed early Saturday when a double-decker Megabus slammed into a railroad overpass and turned on its side in Salina , New York . Authorities said 25 passengers were transported to the hospital . By Saturday evening , five were still in the hospital , while one person was injured critically , said Onondaga County Sheriff Kevin Walsh . The owner of the bus said it was off its designated route , but did not explain why . "  Obviously the driver did n't see the signs or did n't realize the height of his bus , that the double-decker bus would n't fit under that bridge , " Walsh told CNN affiliate YNN . Walsh said authorities suspect the driver missed a turn when a road split . A flashing yellow light alerts drivers of a low bridge , he added . The bus , part of a fleet of low-cost express buses , was on its way to Toronto , Canada , from Pennsylvania . The accident occurred around 2:30 a.m.on the Onondaga Lake Parkway in Salina , a Syracuse suburb . "  Our immediate thoughts and concern are with those who have lost their lives or been injured , as well as their families and loved ones , " a Megabus spokesman said . "  Safety is our absolute priority and we will be carrying out a full investigation into the accident as well as assisting the police and other authorities in any way that we can . " The dead were people from India , Malaysia , New York and a Midwestern state , Walsh said . Don Carmichael , senior vice president of Coach USA , which operates Megabus , said the company was tending to the needs of those on the bus . "  The key thing is to ensure that our customers and passengers are looked after , " he told reporters . CNN 's Jackie Castillo contributed to this report	NEW : Five people are still in the hospital ; one is in critical condition NEW : Flashing yellow lights warn motorists of the bridge The Megabus was on its way to Toronto It was off route , but the company did not say why
CNN  -- Lotus Renault driver Robert Kubica has confirmed that he will not be fit in time for the start of the 2012 Formula One season . The 26-year-old Pole , winner of the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix , missed the whole of this season after suffering serious injuries following a rallying crash in February . There had been some hope that Kubica would be fit enough to start the new campaign , but he released a statement on the team 's official website confirming this would not be the case . Kubica said : "  I have come to the conclusion that I am not yet certain to be ready for the 2012 season . This was a difficult decision to make , but it is the most reasonable one . "  I know that Lotus Renault need to prepare for next year , and further extending deadlines would not have been the right thing to do . On a personal level , my recovery is very encouraging and my doctors keep being impressed . " Kubica added : "  I just need more time , as I want to be 100 % ready before I commit to anything driving related . " Team principal Eric Boullier also released a statement , saying : "  Everybody in the team is , of course , very disappointed . Robert not driving in Australia at the start of next season is not what we were all hoping for . "  However , he has taken a very mature decision , acting in the best interests of Lotus Renault GP . As a team and as a family , we remain 100 % behind him and we 'll help as much as we can . " Kubica suffered a partial amputation of his forearm and compound fractures to his right elbow , shoulder and leg in the accident in Andorra last February . He subsequently had three operations and has undergone a lengthy period of rehabilitation but has so far not driven a car . Kubica 's decision leaves the team with a choice of three drivers to fill its two seats , Vitaly Petrov , Bruno Senna and Romain Grosjean , unless they look outside their current line-up .	Robert Kubica 's Formula One return with Renault has been delayed Renault had been hoping the Polish driver would be fit for the start of the 2012 season But Kubica has not fully recovered from serious arm injuries sustained in a rally crash
CNN  His broken bones include both wrists , collarbones , shoulder blades , cheekbones and every single one of his ribs , as well as a leg , arm and ankle not to mention the punctured lungs . Most of his teeth are replacements having been knocked out in the line of duty . Has there ever been a sports person as dominant as jockey AP McCoy ? His achievements dwarf those of seven-time Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher . His success arguably surpasses that of Tiger Woods in his major-winning pomp . Woods is one of McCoy 's idols -- the pair are pictured together in his Twitter avatar -- and they played together in a Pro-Am in 2010 . In the aftermath , it was Woods that was left waxing lyrical about his playing partner , astounded that McCoy was still standing after his litany of injuries . But one of the greatest sporting legacies of all-time will draw to a close at the end of April , when McCoy officially retires . The 40-year-old , who announced his shock decision at Newbury Racecourse last weekend , looks set to climb out of the saddle with a 20th consecutive British Jump Jockeys Championship . One more triumph will mean he has taken the crown every year since he first turned professional . His dominance is hardly surprising when you consider his is now well past 4,300 career victories . Has anyone greater ever sat in the saddle ? British jockey Sir Gordon Richards managed 4,870 winners but those were in the world of flat racing where falls are notoriously fewer and farther between . The Northern Irishman estimates he has fallen over 1,000 times and he is well known in the Emergency Department of a host of hospitals in Great Britain and Ireland . For all those knocks , he has ridden on regardless until announcing his decision live on British television : "  I want to go while I 'm still enjoying racing and while I am still near the top . This is without doubt the hardest decision I 've ever had to make . I 've been dreading this day . "  To become a jockey was the best decision I 've ever made and I will really miss it . This is something I 've been very luck to have as a great way of life for the last 25 years . But time waits for no man in sport and it 's not going to wait for me . " His rivals will no doubt breathe a collective sigh of relief at his impending retirement . Former jockey-turned-trainer Jamie Osborne tweeted his former rival after the news : "  Hated riding with u. Tried to dislike u but could n't . Too dedicated . Too strong . Too talented . " Fellow jump jockey Ruby Walsh joked that McCoy is "  made of concrete " such was the manner in which he was able to bounce back from falls that would have written off lesser mortals to ride his next winner moments later . And trainer Martin Pipe labeled him "  the iron man . " It may be a career history awash with big wins from the notorious Grand National , the world 's most famous jump jockey race , in 2010 , to two victories in the Cheltenham Gold Cup , the main event of the annual Cheltenham Festival , often referred to as the Olympics of the horse-racing world . But the injuries aside , it has come with other difficulties . At 1.78 meters , McCoy is tall for a jockey and in order to keep his weight down , has spent the past two decades and more competing at 65kg when his natural weight is closer to 76kg . As a result , he treats himself to just two steaks a year as part of a meager diet along with routine saunas and scolding hot baths . A teetotaler , he claims to have touched neither drink nor drugs in his life , instead adamant that racing is his drug . Amid all that , he has shone in the sport with a career win record of 24 % -- most top jockeys struggle to get in the high teens -- and in the region of 30 % this season to date . It is no wonder his fellow riders simply call him "  Champ . " News of his impending retirement came after riding his 200th winner of the season -- Mr Mole at Newbury -- for the ninth time in his career . In typically understated fanfare , there was no press conference , he had not even told his parents . The only ones that knew were the bookmaker JP McManus , who has McCoy riding his horses on a retainer of $ 1.5 million a year , his agent Dave Roberts and his wife Chanelle . And he had only told her just five days before his public announcement . It is 23 years since he rode his first winner as a 17-year-old in Ireland before competing for the first time in England in 1994 . There is just one regret , that he never rode 300 winners in a season -- his best being 289 in the 2000-01 season , in itself a record . That triple century had initially looked on the cards last season only for injury to peg him back : "  I thought I could ride 300 winners and the fact it was taken away from me broke my heart . " On the impending retirement , he added : "  It is emotional because I am retiring from something I really like doing . That is why it is tough but it 's the right thing . " So what lies in store in the future ? For now , he says he has no idea but much like former jockey Dick Francis did , he has also put pen to paper on a first novel . "  Taking the Fall , " came out last year with jockey Duncan Claymore in the starring role . A second , "  Narrowing the Field , " is due for publication in October so expect more works of fiction . So remarkable have McCoy 's achievements been and so massively have they surpassed those of any of his predecessors or peers , one would have previously thought them a work of fiction .	British jump jockey AP McCoy calls time on his illustrious career Arguably the greatest jockey of all time , dominating his sport like no other Over 1,000 career falls , though , have taken their toll on his ailing body
Astronomers have found a deep azure blue planet orbiting a star 63 light years away -- the first time they 've been able to determine the actual color of a planet outside our solar system , NASA and the European Space Agency said Thursday . The planet , known as HD 189733b , is a gas giant with a daytime temperature of 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit where it possibly rains liquid glass sideways amid 4,500 mph winds , NASA says . The blue color comes not from the reflection of an ocean , as on Earth , "  but rather a hazy , blow-torched atmosphere containing high clouds laced with silicate particles , " NASA says . "  Silicates condensing in the heat could form very small drops of glass that scatter blue light more than red light . " The space agencies said astronomers using the Hubble Space Telescope discovered the planet in 2005 but only now have they been able to use Hubble 's observations to determine the deep blue color . The findings are in the August 1 issue of The Astrophysical Journal Letters . To deduce the planet 's color , astronomers measured how much light was reflected off its surface . They used the Hubble 's Space Telescope to look at the planet before , during and after it passed behind its star as it orbited . "  We saw the brightness of the whole system drop in the blue part of the spectrum when the planet passed behinds its star , " said Tom Evans of the University of Oxford , the first author of the paper . "  From this , we can gather that the planet is blue , because the signal remained constant at the other colors we measured . " The planet is only 2.9 million miles from its parent star , so close that it is gravitationally locked , NASA says . One side always faces the star and the other side is always dark . By contrast , Mercury , the closest planet in our solar system to the sun , is 29 million miles away from the sun at its closest . In 2007 , NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope measured the infrared light , or heat , from the HD 189733b . It showed day side and night side temperatures differ by about 500 degrees Fahrenheit , which should cause fierce winds to roar from the day side to the night side , NASA said . The atmosphere , the space agencies say , is changeable and exotic . HD 189733b is in a class of planets called "  hot Jupiters , " which are similar in size to the gas giants in our solar system but instead lie very close to their parent star , the European Space Agency says . "  We know that hot Jupiters are numerous throughout the universe , " the ESA said in a statement . "  As we do not have one close to home in our own solar system , studies of planets like HD 189733b are important to help us understand these dramatic objects . " Interstellar craft sees solar system 's tail Objective of 2020 mission to Mars : Seek out signs of life Resistance futile for ` Trek ' fans : Moon wo n't be named Vulcan	It is the first time astronomers have determined the color of an exoplanet The planet is 63 light years away Temperatures reach as high as 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit It possibly rains glass sideways in 4,500-mph winds
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Convicted "  shoe bomber " Richard Reid was given permission to correspond from prison with members of his family this summer , after the Justice Department allowed restrictions on him to expire . Richard Reid was arrested in December 2001 , accused of trying to blow up a plane with explosives in his shoes . But several homeland security experts say that even with wardens screening every letter , they 'd prefer to see imprisoned terrorists held completely incommunicado . "  If a terrorist can communicate with his family , with other associates -- even with monitoring -- he could use codes ; he could be directing other terrorist acts , " said former New York City Police Commissioner Howard Safir , who is now a security consultant . "  This is somebody who tried to blow up hundreds of innocent people on an airliner , and in my view , he should be totally restricted . " Safir first voiced his concern in an interview with the Boston Herald over the weekend . Watch reaction to new rights for Reid " The British-born Reid pleaded guilty seven years ago to trying to blow up a jetliner flying from Paris , France , to Miami , Florida , in December 2001 using explosives hidden in his shoes . He was sentenced to life in prison and is jailed at the high-security "  Supermax " federal penitentiary in Florence , Colorado . A Justice Department spokesman said that after a thorough review , the special administrative measures that Reid had been under were not renewed in June , on the recommendation of three agencies : the FBI , the prosecuting U.S. Attorney 's office and the Justice Department 's Counterterrorism Section . Reid had sued the Justice Department over the issue . Even with the restriction lifted , Bureau of Prisons spokeswoman Traci Billingsley says , the only people a Supermax inmate can correspond with are his direct family members , his attorneys and the media . In addition , "  any regular inmates , especially terrorism convicts , have all their communications screened , both incoming and outgoing , " she said . But limiting letters to family members does not prevent wider dissemination , says Clark Kent Ervin , former inspector general for the Department of Homeland Security . "  Those letters could be forwarded by family members to others , " he said . Another risk , according to Ervin : "  The propaganda potential is huge for these kinds of things . Terrorists can be hugely inspiring figures " to young militants hearing jailhouse manifestos , he says . Several years ago , three convicted terrorists from the 1993 World Trade Center bombing managed to send at least 90 letters to militants overseas , including those linked to the Madrid , Spain , train bombings . And according to a Justice Department 's inspector general report of September 2006 , one of them also "  praised Osama bin Laden as a hero in a letter sent to Arabic newspapers . " But in the wake of that report , Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd says , all phone calls and mail from international terrorist inmates are now screened . "  Mail is not delivered to or sent from such inmates until it is read  translated if necessary  and analyzed for intelligence purposes , " with the help of FBI personnel and on-site Arab-language specialists , Boyd says . "  If suspicious content is found , the correspondence is referred to the FBI for analysis before being processed any further . " In addition to Reid , Supermax houses some of the most notorious convicted terrorists , including 1993 World Trade Center bombing mastermind Ramzi Yousef , September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui , "  dirty bomb " plotter Jose Padilla and "  millennium bomb " plotter Ahmed Ressam . CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Richard Reid was given permission to contact his family this summer Reid pleaded guilty in 2002 to trying to blow up Paris to Miami flight He planned to use explosives hidden in his shoes to carry out the attack Security experts fear he could use new privileges to help plot more attacks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A retired U.S. Army colonel pleaded guilty Tuesday to awarding contracts in Iraq to a Kuwait-based firm in exchange for gifts . Levonda Selph of Virginia admitted accepting $ 4,000 in cash and a $ 5,000 vacation to Thailand from the unidentified contractor , which was awarded $ 12 million in contracts to operate Defense Department warehouses in Iraq . She pleaded guilty to charges of bribery and conspiracy . She was secretly indicted on those charges in October ; the charges were n't disclosed until her court appearance Tuesday . Under terms of a plea agreement , Selph could receive up to 33 months in jail . She promised to repay the government $ 9,000 and to cooperate in an ongoing investigation . Prosecutors said Selph was a lieutenant colonel at Camp Victory in Iraq in 2004 and 2005 when she led a committee that awarded the warehouse contracts . The Justice Department said she will be free until her sentencing October 14 but will not be allowed to leave the country .	Former U.S. Army colonel pleads guilty to bribery and conspiracy Levonda Selph admits accepting cash , vacation from contractor Prosecutors : In exchange for gifts , Selph steered contracts to firm Contracts let company operate Defense Department warehouses in Iraq
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's former President Jiang Zemin appeared in Beijing on Sunday , the first time he 's been seen publicly since rumors surfaced months ago that he had died . Jiang , 85 , was among many current and former dignitaries attending a ceremony marking the 100th anniversary of China 's 1911 revolution , which led to the toppling of the Qing Dynasty . China became a Communist state in 1949 , under the leadership of Mao Zedong . At the start of the ceremony at the Great Hall of the People , live footage on China 's state-run television showed Jiang for a few seconds as he walked on the stage , closely followed by an assistant . In another segment , Jiang appears to sing along with others during the playing of the Chinese national anthem . Death rumors spur reflections on Jiang legacy Former Chinese premier Li Peng was also in the crowd , among other retired party and government leaders . So were active government ministers , private entrepreneurs and Beijing-based ambassadors from other countries . In the event 's keynote speech , current President Hu Jintao extolled the "  thoroughly modern , national and democratic revolution " of 1911 . And among other stances , he urged mainland China and Taiwan to work together for a "  peaceful reunification of China , " according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . Reaching an accord with Taiwan had been one of Jiang 's focuses in his tenure as president , during which he made conciliatory overtures to the island nation including a "  One Country , Two Systems " proposal . It was one of many efforts he pursued in his time , between 1989 and 2002 , as the general-secretary of China 's Communist Party and , from 1993 to 2003 , as the nation 's president . As China 's ruler , he generally pushed market reforms while working to keep the country politically and socially conservative . China 's economy boomed under his leadership , growing at an annual average rate of over 9 % . China also regained control of Hong Kong in 1997 and Macau in 1999 , while national pride soared in 2000 when Beijing was picked to host the 2008 Summer Olympics . With rare exceptions , Jiang largely has been out of the public eye in recent years . This summer , Chinese authorities dismissed as "  pure rumors " reports that he was on his death bed .	Jiang Zemin appears at a ceremony marking China 's 1911 revolution It is his first public appearance since rumors months ago about his health Jiang was China 's president from 1993 to 2003
CNN  -- Shirley Manson recalls how Garbage came to call their new album "  Not Your Kind of People . " "  Butch came in one day and he said , ` I 've got this title for a song that I think you 're really going to like . It 's we 're ` Not Your Kind of People . ' And I was like , ` Ooh yeah , I do love that title . Actually , I think that would make a great title for the record ! ' " "  Not Your Kind of People " would also become a mission statement for the post-grunge quartet 's first CD in seven years . "  I think we 've come to the realization that it 's OK to be a bit odd , " said Manson . "  It 's OK not to fit in , and actually , it 's OK if you 're not cool . " Manson was 28 when she burst out of the Madison , Wisconsin , music scene in 1995 with guitarist Steve Marker , bassist Duke Erikson and drummer Butch Vig . As the man who produced the Smashing Pumpkins ' "  Gish " and Nirvana 's "  Nevermind , " Vig may have had the name , but it was Manson who became the face of Garbage : a flame-haired Scottish vixen who prowled the stage in boots and a minidress , taking "  Stupid Girls " to task and pouting that she 's "  Only Happy When it Rains . " The group 's subversive wit and sonic collision of pop , alternative rock and electronica placed them squarely outside the mainstream , yet it was the mainstream that embraced them . Over the course of four CDs , they sold 13 million albums worldwide . But there have been tensions , too . In 2003 , the band took a break . The next year , they re-grouped and released another record , only to call it quits in the midst of their "  Bleed Like Me " world tour of 2005 . "  It was n't the touring that we really had a problem with . It 's just unfortunately all the issues that we had culminated whilst we were touring , " Manson recalled . She blamed many of those problems on their old record company . "  We were an indie band signed to an indie label , and then we got sold as a commodity to a major label that had very little interest in us , and it was a miserable experience for us . " "  Not Your Kind of People " was released May 15 on the group 's own label , Stunvolume . "  Free at last ! " Manson exclaimed . "  We are signing the checks on absolutely everything , which is terrifying , but I think nothing ventured in life that does n't require a little risk is not worth taking . I think this time around , what is different is that we 're not tied to making ridiculous amounts of profit . That 's just not what we 're interested in , and it 's certainly not why we joined a band in the first place . " Manson is now 45 . With her signature red hair and creamy complexion , she 's as appealing as she was in the mid - '90s . The new record picks up where Garbage left off seven years ago , not veering too far from their meticulously crafted layers of goth-tinged pop-rock . This is a band that knows it sounds different from everyone else , and does n't care to conform . "  We took some time off . We just felt a little burnt out , if truth be told . And then I guess we just had enough life happen that we felt ready to create again , " she said . "  I called the band up and said , ` Are you into this ? ' And they said , ` Yup ! We 're in . Let 's do it . ' "	"  Not Your Kind of People " is Garbage 's first album in seven years "  I think we 've come to the realization that it 's OK to be a bit odd , " says Shirley Manson Over the course of four CDs , the group sold 13 million albums worldwide
CNN  -- Pop . Pop . Pop . What is that , a number of passengers at Los Angeles International Airport thought ? Then came the screams from inside Terminal 3 : "  A gun ! Everybody get down . " By the time the shooting stopped Friday morning , a lone gunman had squeezed off 10 rounds from an assault rifle , according to authorities , killing at least one person and wounding others . Hours later , with a wounded suspect -- identified by authorities as Paul Anthony Ciancia , 23 , of Los Angeles , in custody -- those who survived the shooting rampage painted a terrifying picture of how the attack unfolded : ` Everybody get down ' It was 9:20 a.m. inside the crowded terminal that serves Alaska Airlines , JetBlue , Spirit Airlines , Virgin America , Frontier Airlines and a number of other commercial carriers . Dana Starfield was one of the hundreds of passenger waiting to clear security or board flights when the gunman , according to police , walked into the terminal , pulled an assault rifle from a bag and starting firing . Then she heard a "  boom . " "  We heard someone scream , ' A gun ! Everybody get down , get down , ' " Starfield told CNN affiliate KCBS . Many , including Starfield , had cleared one TSA checkpoint , where her ID and boarding pass were checked . She and others dropped to ground , near the security checkpoint . "  We just crawled through the security gate , " she said . Starfield said Virgin America employees guided her and several others into a small room , where they barricaded the door by moving a copy machine in front of it . "  We heard a few more booms , " she said . About 15 minutes later , she estimates , Los Angeles police SWAT officers came through and led them to safety . Number of guns discovered in airport rising , TSA figures show The scariest part Inside the airport , the gunman breached security after shooting and killing a TSA security officer and wounding others , and passengers scrambled to find safety . Leslie Rockitter was in the women 's bathroom inside the terminal when she heard the shots . Suddenly , men and women were running into the bathroom seeking cover , she told CNN . More than two dozen people huddled in the bathroom , many of them ducking into stalls -- doing anything to hide . The scariest part , Rockitter told CNN , was when they heard shots ringing out in the terminal . "  That brief moment , you just had your life flash before you , " she said . Even after the initial burst of gunfire , she and the others remained in the bathroom for fears there may be a second shooter . After about 40 minutes , they were finally let out . "  He said , ` TSA ? ' " Passenger Leon Saryan was reaching for his shoes and belt that he had taken off to clear the TSA security checkpoint when he heard shots . "  Everybody kind of hit the ground and started to run , " Saryan said on CNN 's AC360 . A TSA officer told him to "  grab my stuff and go . " But then the officer noticed Saryan , who was on the floor , did n't have his shoes . "  He grabbed the shoes , and the two of us started running down the corridor toward the gates , " Saryan said . That 's when the gunman shot the TSA officer , Saryan said . "  He got a grazing wound . " Saryan hid in a corner and watched as the shooter "  calmly walking down the corridor " toward him . "  He said , ` TSA ? ' " Saryan said . "  I just shook my head , and he kept going . " What is that sound ? Chuck Ocheret was at Gate 30 at Terminal 3 , walking toward the food court , when he heard "  a couple of popping noises . " Initially , it did n't register to him and others near him that it was gunfire . "  It did n't sound like gunfire , " he said . Then , he turned around . "  There was a stampede of people coming my way , and I realized something was ... wrong , " Ocheret said . "  People were screaming , ` Run into the bathroom , get behind something , ' " he said . Ocheret picked up his carry-on bags and ran down a long corridor toward the "  point-of-no-return " exit . "  It 's a long run when you think you could have a crosshair on your back , " he said . ` Getting knocked down ' Alex Neumann was at a food court , waiting to travel to Miami , when he heard the shots . "  People were running and people getting knocked down . There was luggage everywhere , " Neumann said . "  Mayhem is the best I can describe it . " Several police officers moved about the airport with guns drawn , he said . ` Hid underneath the plane ' Tory Belleci and Grant Imahara , stars of the Discovery Channel 's "  Mythbusters , " were waiting for a flight to Delaware that had been delayed when they heard the shots and saw people start to run . "  It did n't register until everybody started , like , flying down the hallway and they were just jumping over chairs , jumping over people , hiding , and we were kind of trapped at the end of the terminal , " Belleci told CNN . A security guard eventually opened an emergency door . "  We all piled out onto the tarmac , and just kind of a hid underneath the plane , " Belleci said . While Belleci was on the tarmac , Imahara was locked down in the Virgin America first class lounge . "  Virgin promptly locked the lounge doors . About ten minutes later , LAPD armed with automatic weapons arrived to secure the area , " Imahara wrote in a post on Twitter . Four hours later , the two men were still waiting to leave the airport . "  They 're processing IDs . The main question is ` Did you see anything ? ' Been asked by 6 different  people  , " Imahara said on Twitter . Police , guns drawn Actor Tim Daly was inside the Virgin America first class lounge waiting to board a flight to Philadelphia when he heard the initial shots . Less than a minute later , LAPD officers with guns drawn burst into the lounge , said Daly , best known for roles on the TV shows "  Wings " and "  Private Practice . " "  That was pretty frightening when they burst in " because at first no one knew who they were , Daly told CNN by telephone . Then officers herded everyone together to make sure there were "  no bad guys , I guess , " he said . For about an hour , Daly and others waited to be evacuated . They did not know that just outside the lounge , near Gate 35 and 36 , airport police shot the gunman , bringing to an end the rampage . "  As we were evacuated , we were told to be careful not to step in any blood or glass as that would be evidence , " Daly said . "  We were evacuated in different directions , and I did n't see any of that . " But he did see a high-powered rifle on the ground along with three magazines , a pair of black shoes and a number of bags strewn across the floors . "  I can only assume that was what was used by the shooter , " Daly said . Celebs give their accounts of LAX incident CNN 's Lisa Respers France , Michael Martinez and Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	NEW : The gunman asked traveler Leon Saryan if he was a TSA officer As Tim Daly was evacuated , he says he saw a high-powered rifle and magazines Witnesses say the shooting started just outside the TSA security checkpoint ` We heard someone scream , ' a gun , everybody get down , ' " says a passenger
CNN  -- An extraordinary thing is about to happen in my native state . More than three decades of communism is about to fall -- not through revolution or bloodshed but by the sheer power of the ballot box . Even as communism waned around the world with the disintegration of the Soviet empire , West Bengal 's communists built up a political dynasty in India , winning seven consecutive state elections in the world 's largest democracy . But if election results to be announced Friday are as predicted , one of the world 's little-known bastions of communism will be no more . Exit polls this week confirmed what political analysts have been predicting for months . The Left Front , firmly entrenched in West Bengal since 1977 , will go down in defeat to the populist Trinamool Congress . People have descended on the state capital , Kolkata , this week to watch the retreat of the red tide , to document for themselves a pivotal moment of Bengali history . Local media outlets reported record turnout in the state elections that were staggered over several weeks to ensure security and transparency . Word on the street from many who voted against the communists was this : We need change . We need it now . Led by the former Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee , Trinamool won support as the champion of the poor and through its alliance with the Congress Party that rules India . The fiery Banerjee , known affectionately as "  Didi , " the Bengali word for elder sister , has pledged to revive industry and agriculture in West Bengal , a state that has seen its economy plummet under the communists . The communists rose to power on promises of land reform for the millions of the state 's rural and impoverished residents . "  The Congress governments in the past were all urban oriented and connected with the landed gentry , " said Shibashis Chatterjee , a professor of international relations at Kolkata 's Jadavpur University . "  The idea was to economically enfranchise the rural poor who had been long neglected in the past . " The ideology was appropriate for the time , when huge numbers of people were marginalized , Chatterjee said . The communists gave them hope for a new life . But after three decades , many questioned the relevancy of their ideas in a modern , fast-growing India . Critics accused West Bengal 's Marxist leaders of corruption , cronyism and failing to deliver what they promised to the people . "  I watched the city of my childhood steadily go to ruin , " said political scientist Sumit Ganguly . "  Unions rose , industry fled , law and order deteriorated . It has a significant effect on my life and the lives of my family . " How much real change comes to the Indian state remains to be seen but one thing is for sure . Culturally , the end to a government dominated by the Communist Party of India  Marxist  is sure to be huge . For decades , hammers and sickles have been plastered on buildings and billboards in Kolkata , where I was born . Workers were routinely called to my grandfather 's house to remove the painted signage on our front wall calling for the people 's support . We drove down Karl Marx road and past Vladimir Lenin 's statue . Fidel Castro was a hero . And in a snub to Americans , the street where the U.S. consulate stands was renamed Ho Chi Minh Street after the North Vietnamese leader . We grew up with the power of labor unions and government employees who called bandhs , or strikes , that were frequent enough to paralyze the city , sometimes for days . The juxtaposition of communist ideology and India 's thriving democracy was difficult to reconcile at times . "  This is a real anachronism that the world has moved on but this peculiar form of communism still persists in a corner of India , " said Ganguly , who holds a chair of Indian cultures and civilizations at Indiana University . Perhaps even more so because it took hold in a corner of India that was known historically for its intellect , talent , skills . Bengal was the home for the Indian intelligentsia , the birthplace of Indian independence . At one time , West Bengal was considered a leading state in India . Now , the state has lagged behind other places that were once less successful . Kolkata , the old capital of the British Raj , has faded into history . It is a dying , run-down city , likely loved solely by natives like myself . Young people , including many of my relatives and friends , have fled in droves to seek jobs elsewhere in India . "  And here are some people clinging on to their ideas which have no significance almost anywhere in the modern world , " Ganguly said of the communists . "  Even Hugo Chavez  of Venezuela  is a populist . " For the younger Bengalis , some of whom have always lived under communism , enough was enough . "  The younger generations seem fed up , " Chatterjee said . "  They have no memories beyond the left to compare with . " But while many in West Bengal are eagerly anticipating the end of the Left Front , Chatterjee is not sure that communist ideology will vanish with the political loss of power . That is evident , perhaps , in the clout of groups like the Maosist rebels known as the Naxals , who have launched a violent insurgency in parts of India , including West Bengal . As long as there are millions of poor in India 's still burgeoning population , Chatterjee said , there will be room for the ideas of Karl Marx .	CNN 's Moni Basu writes as a native of West Bengal in India West Bengal 's communists built a political dynasty in India in recent decades That may end when election results are announced Friday , Basu writes
CNN  -- The European Union will launch its first naval operation Tuesday , protecting vessels from pirate attacks off the coast of Somalia , EU policy chief Javier Solana announced Monday . A French army helicopter taking off from French frigate Nivose , on patrol in the Gulf of Aden . EU foreign ministers approved the mission during their regular meeting in Brussels on Monday . Solana said the operation is "  very important " because EU vessels will be operating "  in a place in the world that everybody 's looking at because of the new problems related to piracy . " "  It 's very important that we have taken that decision to launch it tomorrow , " he added . The EU naval force will take over the role of escorting United Nations World Food Program vessels carrying food and relief supplies to war-torn Somalia , an EU news release said . Its mandate , which is spelled out in several U.N. Security Council resolutions , also will include "  the protection of vulnerable vessels cruising off the Somali coast , and the deterrence , prevention and repression of acts of piracy and armed robbery off the Somali coast , " the news release stated . The deployment follows a decision by the European Council in September that established a coordination cell that supported surveillance and protection operations by several member states off the Somali coast . Piracy has become increasingly common in that area this year , particularly in the Gulf of Aden . So far , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . Those hijacked vessels include an enormous oil tanker , a chemical tanker , and a ship laden with Soviet-era arms , including tanks . The pirates normally hold the ships for ransom . The Somali-based pirates have extended their reach beyond Somalia 's coastline . On Saturday , a Dutch-operated container ship outran pirates off the coast of Tanzania , an IMB official told CNN . A luxury cruise ship carrying more than 1,000 passengers and crew successfully outran pirates off the coast of Yemen last weekend . A multinational fleet -- including vessels from the United States , NATO member states , Russia and India -- has been patrolling the Indian Ocean waters near the Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . In a recent interview provided to CNN , a pirate leader claimed attacks on shipping would continue so long as life in Somalia remained desperate . "  The pirates are living between life and death , " said the pirate leader , identified by only one name , Boyah . "  Who can stop them ? Americans and British all put together can not do anything . "	EU force will take over the role of escorting U.N. World Food Program vessels Role includes "  protection of vulnerable vessels cruising off the Somali coast " Pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast this year Warships from U.S. , India , Russia and Malaysia also patrol region
CNN  -- Brazil 's national football team may have been smoked on the pitch by Germany , but now government officials are claiming a 2014 FIFA World Cup victory of another sort . According to figures released this week by Brazil 's federal government , the World Cup was a triumph for the country 's transportation and tourism industries . "  We lost the trophy , but Brazil won the World Cup , " said Aloisio Mercadante , Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff 's chief of staff , in a statement . "  Brazil showed that they know how to win , lose , host and celebrate peace with respect and a ` make yourself at home ' atmosphere that won the world over . " According to government figures , 1 million foreign tourists visited Brazil during the month-long event , far exceeding its pre-Cup projection of 600,000 visitors coming to the country from abroad . About 3 million Brazilians traveled around the country during the event , just short of the expected 3.1 million . Additionally , according to the government , of the million foreign visitors , "  95 % of them said they intend to return . " "  We were saying that we would host the World Cup of World Cups , " said President Rousseff in a statement . "  Indeed , we staged the World Cup of World Cups . "  We had one problem , our match against Germany . However ... we beat the pessimistic predictions and hosted the World Cup of World Cups with the immense and wonderful contribution of our people . " Not everyone on board The government 's assessment of the World Cup 's impact on travel was significantly more enthusiastic than a report last week in the Wall Street Journal that called the event "  a bust for Brazil 's domestic travel industry . " Citing figures from the Brazilian Airline Association , that story projected total air travel in Brazil falling 11 % to 15 % during the World Cup compared with the same period in 2013 . The story blamed hiked-up prices and large crowds for scaring off domestic tourists . Economists who study the impact of large sporting and other events on local and national economies tend to be less sanguine than the governments that host them . "  Every time you get a World Cup tourist you get one less regular tourist , " Dr. Andrew Zimbalist , a sports economist and economics professor at Smith College in Massachusetts , tells CNN . "  Generally speaking , the World Cup does not benefit the host 's tourism industry . " Zimbalist says it 's doubtful Brazil 's international tourism profile will experience long-term positive impact as a result of the World Cup . He points to heightened media coverage around the event that focused on "  unsavory conditions " facing the country , such as violence , poverty , pollution and social unrest , as illustrated by public demonstrations against the huge amounts of public funds spent on new infrastructure . Furthermore , he said , the World Cup wo n't provide sustained promotion for the smaller of the event 's 12 host cities . The Amazonas city of Manaus is an example . Zimbalist cited public money spent on a stadium that will eventually become underutilized . Rather than inspire coverage of the beauty of the surrounding Amazon , media reports tended to focus on the new facility and the conflict that surrounded its construction . "  It 's very hard to see how that 's going to promote tourism in Manaus , " says Zimbalist . More where that came from Turning mega-sporting events such as the World Cup and Olympics into proxy tourism campaigns remains an uncertain enterprise . Some cities continue to reap the benefits of hosting . Barcelona has seen a tenfold increase in tourist numbers since it hosted the 1992 Summer Olympics . Meanwhile , a decade after hosting the 2004 summer games , Olympic venues in Athens have become decaying ghost towns . For now , it 's unlikely there will be enough time to assess the long-term economic impact of the World Cup on Brazil 's economy in advance of the country 's next huge event -- the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro .	Germany ? Who 's Germany ? Brazilian government calls World Cup a big success for the country 's travel and tourism industries One million tourists from abroad visited Brazil during the event Economist doubts long-term positive economic impact of the World Cup
CNN  -- There was no winner in the Mega Millions lottery Friday , pushing the jackpot to $ 550 million , lottery officials said . That drawing will be Tuesday . The winning numbers for the $ 425 million Mega Millions were : 19 , 24 , 26 , 27 , 70 and Mega ball 12 , lottery officials said Friday . The Mega Millions jumped to more than $ 400 million , rolling over for the 20th time after no winner was picked in Tuesday 's drawing . Odds of getting all six numbers correct for the second-largest Mega Millions jackpot are about 1 in 259 million , according to the lottery company . You have more than 1,000 times better chance of an asteroid or comet killing you -- and that 's using the long odds , according to Tulane University . Which is to say , astronomical . The latest probability is up from the old odds , which were about 1 in 175 million . Of course , you 'd probably have a hard time telling this to the trio from Illinois , Kansas and Maryland who split the record $ 656 million kitty last year . It 's worth mentioning that you have a one-in-15 chance of winning something , even if it 's just getting your dollar back , while the odds of winning the second-place $ 1 million prize  that is , matching five balls but not the megaball  are about 1 in 18.5 million . Those numbers are hard for the average person to fathom , so maybe it 's easier if we provide you a list of things that are way more likely than collecting a Mega Millions jackpot . From the Harvard School of Public Health :  Chances of dying from a bee sting : 1 in 6.1 million .  Chance you will die from being struck by lightning : 1 in 3 million . From the University of Maryland Medical Center :  Chance of having conjoined twins : 1 in 200,000 . From U.S. Hole in One , which insures golf prizes for holes in one :  The chance of an amateur golfer making a hole in one on a par-3 hole is about 1 in 12,500 .  The chance of a golfer hitting a hole in one on consecutive par-3 holes : 1 in about 156 million . From a 2011 State Farm study on collisions between vehicles and deer :  The chance of hitting a deer with a vehicle in Hawaii , the state where State Farm says deer-vehicle collisions are least likely , is 1 in 6,267 . From the National Weather Service :  The chance of being struck by lightning over an 80-year lifetime : 1 in 10,000 . From the Florida Museum of Natural History , based on U.S. beach injury statistics in 2000 :  Chance of drowning and other beach-related fatalities : 1 in 2 million .  Chance of being attacked by a shark : 1 in 11.5 million . Good , ahem , luck . Why you keep playing the lottery	Odds of winning Friday 's Mega Millions jackpot are about 1 in 259 million Tulane University says you have a better shot of being killed by an asteroid $ 425 million is second-highest Mega Millions pot after $ 656 million prize in 2012
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out because the agreement that allows them to be there expires on Friday , the British Ministry of Defence said Tuesday . Nearly all of Britain 's troops in Iraq will have left by the week 's end . The withdrawal marks the first time since the invasion of Iraq more than six years ago that there will be almost no British troops in the country . The only British troops there will be a group of about a dozen helping to train Iraqi police as part of a NATO mission , the ministry said . The United Kingdom 's remaining contingent of 100 to 150 troops is leaving Iraq for neighboring Kuwait , a Ministry of Defence spokesman told CNN . He declined to be named in line with policy . "  The small handful of British military personnel operating in Iraq will be withdrawn to Kuwait after Iraq 's parliament adjourned without passing a deal that would let them stay , " the spokesman said . Iraq must give its permission for foreign troops to be on its soil . It was a group of Iraqi lawmakers loyal to anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr that prevented parliament from approving a new agreement on British troops . They walked out of parliament as a group on July 11 , depriving the legislature of the minimum number of lawmakers necessary for votes to take place . Parliament is now on summer recess until September 8 . Fawzi Akram , a lawmaker from the Sadr bloc , confirmed that the bloc reject the Iraqi-British security agreement . He said that Iraq does not need the British troops and that Iraqi security forces are ready to handle security on their own . Britain hopes the Iraqi parliament will eventually approve the security agreement . "  While this delay is unfortunate , we are continuing to seek a solution with the Iraqi Government that will provide our forces with the sound legal basis they need , " the ministry said in a written statement . The British troops who are being pulled out include Royal Navy servicemen who have been helping the Iraqis to protect oil fields around the port town of Umm Qasr , according to the Ministry of Defence spokesman . All British combat troops have already left the country , another ministry spokesman told CNN . There were about 46,000 British troops in and around Iraq at the peak of major combat operations in March and April 2003 , according to the Ministry of Defence . CNN 's Jonathan Wald in London and Youssif Basil in Baghdad , Iraq , contributed to this report .	Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out Agreement that allows them to be there expires on Friday Only about dozen British troops will remain to help train Iraqi police
Women in Britain 's armed forces could be allowed to fight in front line combat roles for the first time by 2016 , the Ministry of Defence said Friday , as it published a review into how this would impact troops on the ground . According to the ministry , the review "  has ended the long-held view that mixed close ground combat units would have an adverse effect on cohesion between troops . " But it calls for more research into the physiological demands placed on those in close combat roles before a final decision is made on allowing women in . Ground close combat units are defined as those where "  the primary role is to close with and kill the enemy . " The potential impact on women 's health of serving in such units should be fully examined , the review said . Researchers will also look at how training for such combat roles can be set up to ensure women are able to take part safely , without reducing combat effectiveness . "  Roles in our Armed Forces should be determined by ability not gender . I hope that , following further work on our training regimes and equipment , we can open up combat roles to women in 2016 , " said Defence Secretary Michael Fallon . At present , 70 % of roles are open to women in the army , 79 % in the navy , and 94 % in the air force . Chief of the General Staff , General Sir Nicholas Carter , said UK military operations in Afghanistan had shown that there could be "  significant physiological risk to women " serving in ground close combat roles . "  I look forward to the prospect of opening ground close combat roles to women , but we have to look at this in a responsible way , " said Chief of the Defence Staff , General Sir Nicholas Houghton . "  Our aim must be to maximise the use of talent without compromising our standards or undermining capability . The final piece of work on physiological risks is vitally important in ensuring that ground close combat roles would not be detrimental to the health of our service women . " Women currently make up 10 % of the UK armed forces , according to Ministry of Defence statistics from October , with 15,740 women in total employed across all services . Their numbers have gradually increased over the past two years in the army and remain stable in the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force . The Royal Navy allowed women to serve on board submarines for the first time this year , more than 20 years after women were first allowed to serve on surface ships . In another sign of increasing gender equality , two women have also reached the rank of rank of air vice-marshal in the Royal Air Force . The Pentagon took steps early last year to open up combat roles to the roughly 200,000 women in the U.S. armed forces . Announcing the move , then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said it was a bow to reality on the battlefield , where women in what are technically non-combat units already find themselves fighting alongside their male comrades . Single mom fought alongside combat troops in Afghanistan Several U.S. allies , including NATO members France , Canada and Germany , also allow women to serve in combat posts .	UK military says women could join units engaged in close ground combat as soon as 2016 But research is needed first into the potential impact on women 's health Defence Secretary : "  Roles in our Armed Forces should be determined by ability not gender " The Pentagon announced steps last year to open up combat roles to women
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel 's prime minister will visit the United States in March , officials said Sunday . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will attend the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee in Washington , Israeli government officials said . AIPAC is a major force in U.S. politics , making significant campaign donations and drawing top administration and congressional leaders to its conventions . Netanyahu also spoke at AIPAC 's annual conference last year . This year 's trip comes amid mounting tensions between Israel and Iran over the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program . Speculation is swirling in Washington about whether Israel may preemptively bomb Iran in an effort to slow its nuclear program . The head of Israel 's intelligence agency was just in Washington for meetings with intelligence officials and some members of Congress , according to Sen. Diane Feinstein , D-California , and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , who mentioned the meetings during a hearing this past week . When the head of the Mossad visited Washington last week , it was to hear what steps the United States might take against Iran , and to gauge what the United States would do if Israel were to strike Iran on its own , a congressional source told CNN . At a policy conference in Israel last week , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak repeated his government 's concerns that Iran 's preparations for the development of a nuclear weapon are entering their final stages and will soon "  enter the immunity zone from which the Iranian regime will be able to complete the program without any effective intervention . " On Sunday , Barak appointed a new commander of the Israeli Air Force . Gen. Amir Eshel , currently head of the Israeli military 's planning directorate , will replace current chief Maj. Gen. Ido Nehushtan in April . CNN 's Guy Azriel , Pam Benson , Suzanne Kelly and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Israel 's prime minister will attend an AIPAC conference in Washington The trip comes as tensions mount between Israel and Iran over Iran 's nuclear problem Speculation is swirling over whether Israel may bomb Iran to slow nuclear efforts Israel 's defense minister appoints a new air force chief
CNN  -- More than 700 infants and 40 health care workers have been exposed to tuberculosis , commonly called TB , at a hospital in El Paso , Texas , according to the city 's Department of Public Health . Health officials are not yet saying if any of the people exposed have tested positive for the disease . An employee at Providence Memorial Hospital in El Paso came to work with an active case of TB some time between September 2013 and August 2014 . He or she worked with infants in the nursery and in the post-partum unit at the hospital , the health department says . The hospital has identified 706 infants and 43 workers who were exposed to the disease during that time period . The family of each patient was sent a certified letter and is being contacted via telephone with instructions on how to get tested for TB . Any necessary follow-up care will be provided free of charge by the health department and the hospital . The infected health care worker is no longer working and is receiving treatment , the owner of the hospital , Sierra Providence Health Network , said in a statement . Tuberculosis is an infectious disease that generally causes coughing , chest pain and difficulty breathing , according to the Mayo Clinic . An estimated 2 billion people worldwide have what 's called latent TB , where the bacteria remain dormant and do n't cause symptoms . "  Once in the body , the bacteria usually lay dormant for months or years before they begin to grow and cause a case of active TB , " the City of El Paso 's Department of Public Health said in a statement . "  That is why it is so important to identify people who may have been exposed , screen them , and provide treatment . " The bacteria that cause TB spread through the air when an infected patient coughs or sneezes , but it 's not a highly contagious disease ; close contact over a longer period of time is required before another person becomes infected , according to the Mayo Clinic . Only active TB can be spread . The Texas Department of State Health Services conducted an on-site investigation at Providence Memorial Hospital last week and cited the hospital "  for deficiencies that represent immediate jeopardy to patient health and safety , " said Carrie Williams , the department 's director of media relations . Investigators "  found serious deficiencies in the areas of infection control , patient rights and governing body . " The Center for Medicare Services has placed the hospital on a termination track , said David Wright , deputy regional administrator for CMS in Dallas . He said CMS is giving the hospital until October 11 to identify policy changes that need to happen to ensure something like this wo n't happen again . If the hospital fails to do so , its Medicaid and Medicare funding will be cut off . "  This is one of the largest TB exposure investigations we 've ever been involved in , and it involves infants , so it is particularly sensitive , " Williams said . "  Babies are more likely than older children and adults to develop life-threatening forms of TB . " Patients with TB must take antibiotics for six to nine months . Some strains of TB are resistant to antibiotics , which makes them more dangerous . Without treatment , TB can be fatal , the Mayo Clinic says . There is one vaccine for TB -- Bacille Calmette-Guerin , known as BCG -- that is not widely used in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; it is given more often to children in countries where TB is common . There were 9,582 recorded cases of TB in the United States last year . In October , health officials identified 140 infants who may have been exposed to tuberculosis in a similar incident at a hospital in Nevada . CNN 's Matthew Stucker contributed to this story .	Hospital worker in El Paso , Texas , came to work with active case of TB 706 infants and 43 workers were exposed to TB TB is an infectious disease , but not highly contagious
CNN  -- An 8-year-old American boy is caught in the middle of an ugly custody battle so high profile that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is using her clout to try to bring the boy home . David Goldman 's legal battle to gain custody of his son has drawn the attention of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . In 2004 , David Goldman dropped off his wife , Bruna , and then-4-year-old son , Sean , at the airport for a two-week vacation in Brazil . Shortly after she arrived in her native country , Bruna told David she wanted a divorce and planned to stay in Brazil with their son . Bruna later remarried and got pregnant , but she died while giving birth last summer . Goldman thought he was getting his son back , but a Brazilian family court judge granted custody of Sean to Bruna 's new husband . Goldman talked with CNN 's Larry King about the international legal battle he is waging to gain custody of his son . King also talked to Helvecio Ribeiro , Bruna Goldman 's uncle . The following is an edited version of the interviews . Larry King : What caused the breakup of the marriage ? David Goldman : I do n't know . Apparently , she decided she wanted to live in Brazil , where she said she had more friends and more family and where she was known . King : Did you feel happily married ? Goldman : Yes , I thought we were happily married . King : So this was a call out of the blue ? Goldman : I was completely blindsided and crushed . King : What did you do then ? Goldman : Well , I  got  a phone call . My mom tracked it down as being Father 's Day , about three days after they arrived . The first call was they got there safe , everything was OK . Then , I got a phone call and a very serious voice -- a voice they did n't recognize , really , as being , you know , it was out of her normal tone . Bruna says , "  David , we need to talk . You 're a great guy . You 're a wonderful father , but our love affair is ended , is over . I 've decided I want to live in Brazil and you need to come down to Brazil immediately and sign 10 pages of papers with my attorney . " There was a list of demands on these papers . One was giving her full custody . Another was to never go to the courts to file any claims of kidnapping or criminal charges . King : Did you get to talk to your son ? Goldman : I got to talk to my son . In fact , I got to speak with all of them in the beginning , while they were still trying to get me to go down there and be trapped in this custody battle . At that point , I was n't the enemy until I did n't meet her demands and I did go to the courts . King : Well , when you went  to Brazil  , who did you see ? What did you do ? Goldman : I went to the courts . I went to every ruling on every court proceeding and with the guise that they would honor the Hague Treaty and return  my  son . And every time , it just got worse and worse . In the first instance , they kept Sean for over a year before they made this ruling . And then they said , ` Well , you know , yes , he was taken unlawfully and he should have been returned , but now he 's settled with the mother . These are Brazilian judges who have admitted that he 's been held unlawfully and wrongfully . King : How did you hear she died ? Goldman : I have friends who , kind of , have an ear to the ground in Brazil , and there were some articles that came out in some local Brazilian newspapers and they did some on the Internet and said she 'd passed away . King : Did you try then to get the child back legally ? Goldman : Yes . As soon as I was notified , I called both counsel in Brazil and in the U.S. , and they said it should be over . You know , we have stacks of court records and all these treaties and it 's always been about Bruna and David , Bruna and David . There 's no more Bruna . By all matters of law , international and national and Brazilian law , no one has a legal claim of custody but the living , biological parent . Go down to Brazil and bring your son home . King : What happened in court ? Goldman : In this past court , we finally got a visitation ruling . But when I went down the first time to bring my son home , we find out that this man does n't file custody , but he files to remove my name from a Brazilian birth certificate that they had issued for my son , who was born in Red Bank , New Jersey . And with that , they gave him a provisionary guardianship -- a provisionary . King : Obviously , he wanted the boy ? Goldman : Obviously . King : When you were  with him ? Goldman : Oh , he was -- I just saw him this last February for the first time . King : At eight years old , did he ask you why he 's not with you ? Goldman : He asked why I have n't come to see him in all this time . And that was very , very painful -- and the anguish on his face when he asked me that question . And I did n't want to tell him that the situation that I 'm not allowed -- that they were n't allowing me , they 're holding him . So I just told him that I had been there many times with his grandmother , with his grandfather , with his cousins , with family friends to see him , sometimes staying for up to two weeks and the courts -- it was difficult . King : How long did you have with him ? Goldman : I saw him for two days a total of about six hours . King : How did you say goodbye ? Goldman : It was very , very difficult . I just kept telling him the whole time how much I love him , how much I miss him . King : Did you tell him you were going to try to get him back ? Goldman : No . I told him I 'm going to always try to be with him . I do n't want him to be put in any type of awkward situation or uncomfortable situation . I just told him I love him , I miss him and everyone at home loves him . And he remembers things at home . We spoke English . King : Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has raised the Goldman case with the Brazilian government . Anything you 'd say to her ? Goldman : I 'm just -- I 'm so grateful and thankful that -- that she 's helping me and she knows what 's right and sees what 's right and she cares about children and parents ' rights to be with their own flesh and blood . - - - - - - - - - - - - King followed the Goldman interview by talking to Helvecio Ribeiro , Bruna Goldman 's uncle . King : Why do you think that David should not have his son ? Why should n't he have his -- it 's his son . Ribeiro : That 's right . And I do n't question the biological right . The fact of the matter is that in order to be a parent , you have to be more than just a DNA donor , Mr. King . Fatherhood is not about making home movies and taking pictures , it 's about sacrifice . It 's about providing support to your child . It 's about being there even when you 're not there . And Mr. Goldman , while Bruna was still alive , failed to do so . I 'm not sure if you know that , but he has n't paid one single dime of child support so far . And he has been making allegations all over the place about us not allowing him to visit his child . They are completely untrue . King : Do you question whether David loves his child ? Ribeiro : Oh , absolutely . I think that it 's really easy to say that you love someone , but you have to act and show that . Mr. Goldman never had any interest on actually going down to Brazil , even to visit . I mean the child is not guilty of his parents ' mistakes . I mean divorces happen all the time . And the parents should be responsible and work their way toward finding an agreement in which , you know , both parents are part of the children 's lives . And he failed to do that because it was not in his best interests . King : How close is he -LSB- Sean 's stepfather -RSB- with Sean ? Ribeiro : Very close . Sean knows exactly that he is not his biological father , but he also calls him Daddy . Sean knows that , you know , Mr. Goldman is his biological father . Even though it was not mentioned during this interview , Sean normally talks to Mr. Goldman or at least used to talk to Mr. Goldman and also her -- his grandmother here in the United States . So he knows exactly the difference . He knows exactly who is who .	David Goldman 's wife , Bruna , took son to Brazil , asked for divorce Bruna later remarried , died while giving birth Brazilian court awarded custody of Goldman 's son to stepfather U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has asked Brazilian government to return child
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department has issued a travel alert for U.S. citizens in Europe , based on information that suggests that al Qaeda and affiliated organizations continue to plan terrorist attacks . Americans are warned to be aware of their surroundings and protect themselves when traveling . One senior U.S. official said earlier that in addition to the travel alert from the State Department , "  U.S. military installations are taking prudent precautions . This is a serious situation . " A separate U.S. official said the alert is being prompted by the volume of intelligence on possible terror threats , rather than new intelligence . It emerged last week that U.S. intelligence officials were looking at information about a possible "  Mumbai-style " attack in cities across Europe . A United Kingdom security source said Saturday that it was not believed the expected U.S. alert was a result of new intelligence received in the last few days . But the source added that the intelligence related to the possible Mumbai-style attack was being looked at very seriously on both sides of the Atlantic . The security source said there are no plans to raise the terror threat level in the United Kingdom from severe to critical . A severe threat level means an attack is considered highly likely ; critical means an attack is expected imminently . A possible backlash from the French burqa ban is considered a factor in the expected warning , the security source said . The French Senate recently approved a law banning veils that cover the face , including the burqa , worn by some Muslim women . Mumbai , the financial hub of India , was the site of a three-day terror attack two years ago that left more than 160 people dead . Ten men launched the carefully planned assault , targeting prominent sites such as the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower hotel , the Oberoi-Trident hotels , the historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center . A U.S. law enforcement official told CNN Saturday that an advisory will likely be sent to law enforcement agencies around the United States after the travel alert is issued , "  just to keep them in the loop . " But the official added that current intelligence is about Europe rather than a threat in the United States . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jeanne Meserve , Andrew Carey , Barbara Starr , Pam Benson and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department alert warns Americans in Europe to be aware of surroundings Not believed the alert is a result of new intelligence , security source says Alert comes in light of recent terror threat information
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former ABC News chief national security correspondent John McWethy died from injuries in a Colorado skiing accident , a coroner said Thursday . John McWethy , right , shares a laugh in 2002 with former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld in Washington . A witness said McWethy , 61 , was skiing fast on an intermediate trail Wednesday at Keystone Ski Resort when he lost control and slammed into a tree , said Joanne L. Richardson , the Summit County , Colorado , coroner . McWethy died while being treated for blunt-force injuries at Summit Medical Center , Richardson said . "  He just missed a turn and slid sideways is what we 're surmising , " she told CNN . McWethy was wearing a helmet at the time of the accident , she said . With his wife , Laurie , McWethy recently had moved to Boulder after nearly 30 years as an ABC News correspondent , so he could enjoy Colorado 's ski trails , according to a statement from ABC News President David Westin . "  He was doing something that he truly loved , " Weston said . "  But he deserved many more years doing it than he was given . " Friends and former colleagues described McWethy as an outstanding reporter who also cherished life outside work . "  He always knew without exception what so many in the powerful business of TV news fail to learn until it 's too late : In the end , all we have is our families and our friends and our self-respect as news reporters , " said CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr , who worked as a producer with McWethy for three years . Both Starr and former CNN producer Chris Plante admired McWethy 's coolheaded reporting from the Pentagon on September 11 , 2001 , when a hijacked airliner punched a huge , fiery hole in the building 's massive facade . "  He was unflappable even in the most extreme situations because he was always centered by his love for his family and the knowledge that the television news business and all of this Washington hoo-ha was not ` real life , ' " Plante said . "  Unlike so many , he really did have a handle on what life was for . And the last moments of his life are proof of that . " College classmate Bob Steele wrote about McWethy 's "  mighty " skepticism of authority in an article published online for the Poynter Institute . While they attended Depauw University in Greencastle , Indiana , Steele said McWethy "  challenged the University President and his policies . He protested against the Vietnam War . " Steele wrote that McWethy considered "  why " to be "  the most powerful word in the English language . " Len Ackland of the University of Colorado 's Center for Environmental Journalism told The Denver Post that his longtime friend "  was a very humble guy . " Ackland told the paper that McWethy "  did n't talk about himself much . He was the kind of journalist who did n't want to be out front . It was always about the story , not about him . He was the kind of guy you enjoyed sitting down to have a beer with . " McWethy left behind two sons , Adam , 28 , and Ian , 24 , according to the Post . His wife , who was with McWethy at the time of the accident , told the Post her husband was a good skier who enjoyed living in Colorado . "  He loved it here , " she told the paper . "  I think he loved the beauty of its nature , the open spaces , the wildlife , everything . " In his statement , Westin said , "  He was one of those very rare reporters who knew his beat better than anyone , and had developed more sources than anyone , and yet , kept his objectivity . " After working as a reporter for U.S. News & World Report , McWethy joined ABC News in 1979 , going on to cover conflicts in Bosnia , Kosovo and Liberia , according to the ABC News Web site . McWethy was the network 's primary reporter assigned to Secretaries of State James Baker , George Shultz , Warren Christopher and Lawrence Eagleburger , ABC said , and he had traveled to more than 50 countries . McWethy was honored with at least five national Emmys during his time at ABC and also received an Alfred I. duPont-Columbia Award and an Overseas Press Club Award , according to ABC News ' Web site . "  For three years I watched one of the finest news reporters do what so many in television still can not do to this day : be a reporter first , foremost and always , " Starr said . Colleagues said he 'll be missed . "  Everyone that knew Jack is trading stories today , " Plante said . "  There is nothing but a sense of unambiguous loss on the part of all of his friends , colleagues , competitors and even the uniformed military officers that he covered as a reporter . " E-mail to a friend	Ex-ABC News reporter John McWethy , 61 , dies in Colorado ski accident McWethy was wearing helmet at time of crash , coroner says Reporter died doing "  something he truly loved , " says ABC president "  Unflappable " reporter "  really did have handle on what life was for , " ex-colleague says
PORT HARCOURT , Nigeria  CNN  -- Trash litters its cities . Electricity is sporadic at best . There is no clean water . Medical and educational services are limited . Basic infrastructure is severely lacking . "  Planet in Peril " met in a secret location with members of the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta . These are not conditions that should plague one of the richest oil states in the world . Hundreds of billions of dollars has been made from the Niger Delta 's oil reserves and many people have gotten very rich . Conversely , the average Nigerian has suffered as a result of the country 's oil prosperity . The United States Agency for International Development says more than 70 percent of the country lives on less than a dollar a day -- the population is among the 20 poorest in the world . Oil companies are only part of the equation . The other is the Nigerian government . Transparency International , a global organization intent on stamping out corruption , has consistently rated Nigeria 's government one of the most corrupt in the world . Nigeria 's federal government and oil companies split oil profits roughly 60-40 . The money is then supposed to make its way down to the local governments to fund various projects . Somehow , little money actually reaches its intended destination . Nigeria 's own corruption agency estimates between $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion has been stolen or wasted over the last 50 years . Lisa Ling travels to secret location to meet notorious Nigerian militant group " Gov. Rotimi Amaechi of Rivers state , one of the largest oil producers of Nigeria 's 36 states , acknowledges past problems with corruption , but thinks progress is being made . "  There 's a lot of improvement , " Amaechi said . "  The work being done by the corruption agency and the federal government has somehow been able to control the level of corruption in government . " Over the last few years , a culture of militancy and violence has arisen in the absence of jobs and services . Kidnappings for ransom , robberies and even murder happen with regularity . The biggest and most powerful armed group is the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND . They say they are at war against the Nigerian military and the oil companies operating there . MEND , formed in 2005 , said it has more than 30 camps throughout Nigeria . Members are armed with high-tech weaponry they said was obtained from "  foreign sources . " Hundreds of people have been killed on both sides and countless oil workers have been kidnapped . Over the years , MEND 's attacks on oil pipelines have halted oil production and , therefore , raised the price of oil around the world . They demand oil profits be distributed to average Nigerians of the Niger Delta and said they will not stop their attacks until their objectives have been fulfilled . See environmental battle lines for "  Planet in Peril " " The battle is over oil -- one of the world 's most valuable resources . But to most Nigerians -- oil is a curse . It has provoked an environmental disaster of monstrous proportions . Since the 1970s , the United Nations estimates there have been more than 6,000 oil spills in the Niger Delta -- that is equal to more than 10 times the amount spilled from the Exxon Valdez in 1989 . Yet , there is no international outcry and rarely are the spills reported , even to most Nigerians . They are still happening and the consequences are nothing short of devastating . Communities along the Niger Delta have lived off subsistence fishing and agriculture for decades . Collecting food becomes impossible when a spill happens , like one that occurred in August . The waterways and mangroves are blanketed in thick brown oil sludge that goes on for miles . Toxicity overpowers the air and a sense of lifelessness pervades the landscape . Many say it will take 10-15 years for the area to be free of contamination -- if the cleanup effort commences in a timely manner . The August spill was a result of a leak from an old pipeline that had corroded . It took the oil company three months to clamp the leak , but the company said it was n't reported for a full month after it began . Once the leak was reported , the company said it was denied access to the site by the community . Leaders of the village deny that , and the finger-pointing between the two sides is nothing new -- there is no love lost here . Who is telling the truth ? Who knows ? Either way , the creeks are blackened . This is life in the Niger Delta .	Nigeria is one of world 's richest oil states ; people are among poorest in world Nigerian agency : $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion in oil profits squandered , stolen Militant group MEND attacks oil pipelines , demands profits given to Nigerian people UN : Niger Delta has had more than 6,000 spills ; 10 times more than Exxon Valdez
CNN  -- I hope President Obama called to congratulate Mia Love . The way he called college student Sandra Fluke after Rush Limbaugh called her a "  prostitute . " The way he called the NBA 's first openly gay player , Jason Collins . The way he called the San Francisco Giants after they won the World Series . I hope he called Mia Love because her story is every bit as unlikely , courageous and yes , inspirational , as his own . Love -- the first black Republican woman elected to Congress -- will not be his political ally and that 's OK . I spoke with membership services and blacks are no longer revoked for voting Republican . If you do n't believe me , please note the most popular black television character on network television is Scandal 's "  Olivia Pope . " She worked to elect a Republican president twice and no one on #blacktwitter calls her an Uncle/Aunt Tom . Love is progress , whether so-called progressives want to embrace it or not . Her election is a reflection , yea an extension of the Rev. . Martin Luther King Jr 's dream . The daughter of Haitian immigrants , born in Brooklyn , living in Utah , a state that is less than 1 % black , judged by the content of her character . And because of that , she is coming to Washington . If that is not what the dream is all about then we truly have lost our way . As Democrats spend the remainder of the week infighting after losing the Senate , licking wounds from gubernatorial defeats in blue/purple states such as Illinois and Wisconsin , and searching for survivors in what can only be described as a midterm slaughter , I ca n't help but wonder if the victor with the most influence on 2016 is Love . For if the sexist/racist/anti-immigration narrative that has long dogged the GOP can , at the very least , be challenged by her presence at a campaign , what will Democrats use to fire up low-information liberals ? The blue 's yin to the red 's "  Obama is the worse president ever " yang . Not to mention that Love  along with South Carolina 's Tim Scott , the first black senator elected in the South since Reconstruction  is an affront to those Republican voters who do harbor racist thoughts . Whether Love and Scott will go along to get along when the conversation regarding immigration or public assistance starts to sound a little too much like the GOP of the 1990s remains to be seen . But what is clear is that Love knows how to overcome adversity . Her father worked as a janitor , among other jobs , to put her through school at the University of Hartford . After speaking at the Republican National Convention in 2012 , where she said "  my parents immigrated to the U.S. with $ 10 in their pocket ... when times got tough , they did n't look to Washington , they looked within " as well as that Obama 's "  policies have failed . " Afterward , her Wikipedia page was vandalized , as those who did n't approve of her brief address called her a "  whore , " "  sellout " and "  House N -- r. " Insert "  war on women " joke here . The first time she ran for Congress , she lost . Yet through it all , she persevered . Perhaps when Sen. Rand Paul said the GOP had a shot to attract a third of the black vote in 2016 , he had Love in mind . Folks can identify with the pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps narrative that is often embraced by GOP minority candidates in one way or another . For more than 40 years , Democratic presidential candidates have enjoyed the support of more than 80 % of black voters , and yet the community 's unemployment rate remains twice that of its white counterpart . The wealth gap between blacks and whites has grown . The criminal justice system is riddled with discrepancies along racial lines . Paul has spoken about these concerns with compassion , albeit clumsily at times . Newly elected Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner , a Republican , aggressively went after the black vote in Chicago  $ " despite it being President Obama 's backyard  $ " with a message that he could turn around the economic woes that have hampered the community . And in turn he did manage to receive endorsements from numerous pastors and high-profile blacks . Of course it did n't hurt that the wealthy Republican invested $ 1 million of his own money in the South Side Community Federal Credit Union , which is in a predominantly black neighborhood . "  He 's  taking the black vote for granted , " Rauner said in a debate with Quinn that was sponsored by the Urban League . While he ended up with only 6 % of the black vote , the fact that he would be so bold with his intentions shows the days of Republicans ignoring the black vote may in fact be gone . Just south of Rauner , Ohio incumbent Gov. John Kasich received 26 % of the black vote . If blacks are willing to buck the trend and vote Republican , then it would only make sense that the GOP would have black candidates . And black elected officials , like Love , an outsider who came out of nowhere to shock the world and claim her own piece of the dream . Sort of like another history-making black elected official we know .	Mia Love became the first black Republican woman in Congress LZ Granderson says her life story is inspirational and reflects MLK 's dream He says Love 's story shows that Democrats do n't have exclusive right to black voters
Fort Bragg , North Carolina  CNN  -- There 's plenty of grunting and groaning during the early morning workouts in the gym at the JFK Special Warfare Center at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . But suddenly among the young men in special forces units doing pull-ups and lifting weights , there are dozens of young female troops -- running an obstacle course , pushing and pulling hundreds of pounds of kettlebells , running laps . These women are part of a groundbreaking and controversial program that for the first time is selecting , training and assigning women to join up with special forces units in Afghanistan . Their job : to do what the men can not . In the socially conservative Afghan culture where the sexes do not mix , these women are on the front line of dealing directly with Afghan women and children . So-called female engagement teams , or "  cultural support teams , " have been used increasingly in recent years by the U.S. military . But the difference here is that these women are selected to team up with elite special forces . Afghans deeply resent special forces units ' raids on their homes and villages when they are searching for high-value targets . The military women , it is hoped , will ease some of that resentment . Once a raid has secured an area , the women will move in and be the ones who search Afghan women , something male troops can not do without causing great upset . The women also are living and working with special forces teams in small villages and towns , talking to women and helping with medical care and social needs . Maj. Patrick McCarthy evaluates candidates applying to join the program and decides who will be selected for the rigorous six-week training course at Fort Bragg . About half of those who apply do n't get selected . McCarthy says he is looking for both brain and brawn . And he wants troops who can make quick decisions in the murky circumstances troops often find themselves in on the front lines of Afghanistan . "  These women are a cut above the rest of the Army , " says McCarthy , pointing to a group in a morning training class . If this calls to mind the Demi Moore film "  GI Jane , " it is a comparison that Capt. Annie Kleiman , a team member , rejects . "  We 're not going to be shaving our heads anytime soon , " she says . But she is firm on one point : "  We 've got a bunch of strong , capable , awesome women who can take any challenge that 's thrown at us . " The women know they still must prove themselves once they are in Afghanistan . "  This is the first time women have formally worked with special operations forces . " says Staff Sgt Danielle Bayer , also part of the training course . "  It 's being acknowledged women can operate at this level . " It 's a politically delicate issue . Women are not allowed to serve in front-line combat units . So these women -- heavily armed -- will only go into compounds after they are secured by assault teams . "  The women that are on raids , they 're not deliberately part of the direct-action raid . They are there to help mitigate following the raid , " says McCarthy . But in a war with no true front line , these women will face risks being so far from larger , more secure military bases . Just last month , 1st Lt. Ashley White , who was a team member , and two male soldiers were killed during what the Army described as "  combat operations " in Afghanistan . The first death of a team member has made the program so sensitive that no senior Army special operations commander would talk to CNN on camera . But the women did . "  This is a program that is going to keep going on , " said Sgt. Christine Baldwin , who is just back from Afghanistan . "  It 's a need that needs to be met over there right now . "	Women are on the front line of dealing directly with Afghan women and children They will search Afghan women , something men ca n't do without causing great upset Women are not allowed in front-line combat units , but the risks are still great Last month a unit member was killed , along with two male soldiers , in combat
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday agreed to move his scheduled special address to a joint session of Congress back one day -- from September 7 to September 8 -- after consultations with House Speaker John Boehner , the White House said Wednesday night . "  Today , the President asked to address the Congress about the need for urgent action on the economic situation facing the American people as soon as Congress returned from recess , " the White House said in a statement Wednesday night . "  Both Houses will be back in session after their August recess on Wednesday , September 7th , so that was the date that was requested . We consulted with the Speaker about that date before the letter was released , but he determined Thursday would work better . The President is focused on the urgent need to create jobs and grow our economy , so he welcomes the opportunity to address a Joint Session of Congress on Thursday , September 8th and challenge our nation 's leaders to start focusing 100 % of their attention on doing whatever they can to help the American people . " A political showdown had erupted earlier Wednesday over Obama 's sudden request . Boehner , in a letter to Obama , said the 8 p.m. speech would come less than two hours after the House is scheduled to complete legislative business , and the speaker recommended moving it back a day . Boehner 's letter noted that security sweeps of the chamber usually take more than three hours . "  There are considerations about the congressional calendar that must be made prior to scheduling such an extraordinary event , " Boehner wrote . "  With the significant amount of time -- typically more than three hours -- that is required to allow for a security sweep of the House chamber before receiving a president , it is my recommendation that your address be held on the following evening , when we can ensure there will be no parliamentary or logistical impediments that might detract from your remarks . " One senior GOP aide told CNN that "  arranging a joint session of Congress is n't as simple as snapping our fingers . " Obama 's requested date conflicted with a Republican presidential debate to be held at the Reagan Library in California . When asked about that conflict , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney brushed it off . "  This is the right time to do it  and  the right day to do it , " Carney said in reference to Obama 's speech . If the Republicans want to "  adjust the timing of their debate ... that would be completely fine with us . " Numerous observers noted that the September speech will conflict with the opening game of the National Football League 's regular season . The dispute had touched off accusations by people on each side -- all on condition of not identifying who made them -- of high-handed behavior by the other , as well as the White House . One Democratic source said the White House provided little advance notice of the speech request to congressional Democrats , while the GOP aide stressed that Republicans were not consulted at all . The aide added that Republicans were notified only 15 minutes before the public release of Obama 's request . Events like the president 's State of the Union address typically involve as much as four to six weeks of lead time and consultation , involving a series of meetings among police , Secret Service officials and others , the Republican aide noted . However , a White House official said Boehner 's office was consulted and raised no objection . That prompted Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck to insist that "  no one in the speaker 's office -- not the speaker , not any staff -- signed off on the date the White House announced today . " "  Unfortunately , we were n't even asked if that date worked for the House , " Buck said . "  Shortly before it arrived this morning , we were simply informed that a letter was coming . It 's unfortunate the White House ignored decades -- if not centuries -- of the protocol of working out a mutually agreeable date and time before making any public announcement . " A senior Democratic aide familiar with scheduling such events in previous administrations said "  the childish behavior coming out of the speaker 's office today is truly historic . " "  It is unprecedented to reject the date that a president wants to address a joint session of the Congress , " the senior Democratic aide said . "  People die and state funerals are held with less fuss , so the logistics excuse by the speaker 's office is laughable . Yes , consultation always occurs , but the president always gets the date he wants . " Meanwhile , an aide to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Boehner did n't consult with House Democratic leaders about seeking a new date for Obama 's speech . Obama 's request for a Wednesday evening speech was accepted by the leadership of the Democratic-controlled Senate , according to a Democratic Senate leadership aide . The approval of leaders from both chambers of Congress , however , is required for such a presidential request to be accepted . Obama 's speech is intended to provide a prime-time platform for the rollout of his highly anticipated job growth plan . "  Our nation faces unprecedented economic challenges , and millions of hard-working Americans continue to look for jobs , " Obama said in a letter sent earlier Wednesday to Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . "  As I have traveled across our country this summer and spoken with our fellow Americans , I have heard a consistent message : Washington needs to put aside politics and start making decisions based on what is best for our country and not what is best for each of our parties in order to grow the economy and create jobs . We must answer this call . " The national unemployment rate currently stands at 9.1 % -- a figure all but ensuring that the state of the fragile economy will remain the dominant issue of the 2012 presidential campaign . CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Deirdre Walsh , Kate Bolduan , Jessica Yellin and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : White House agrees to move speech back one day , to September 8 NEW : White House says it "  welcomes the opportunity " for a speech that night NEW : Speech is "  about the need for urgent action " on economy , White House says Obama 's request for September 7 produced outcry over scheduling , notification
Earlier this year , a European court ruled that search engine operators such as Google could be held responsible for personal data which appear on web pages published by third parties and found through their searches . As thousands of people ask for their information to be removed , is Google is trying its best to provide a workable solution or trying to undermine a ruling that , from the very start , it really did not like ? In the commentary I wrote for CNN the day after the ruling in the Google Spain case , I suggested the result created a headache -- and potentially huge costs -- for Google , and that it could open the door to a flood of cases , each of which would need a resolution . I wrote that how Google responded to the ruling would be critical -- and the initial signs are that the company 's response has already caused problems . As predicted , Google received a huge volume of requests to have links removed -- more than 40,000 in the first four days after the ruling . The company has now begun the process of responding to them . If the request appears valid -- and how that is determined is one key issue -- there seem to be three parts to their response : First is the removal of the search result -- and it must be remembered that it is only search results when a particular name is searched for that are removed , not the source material nor search results for that material when searched for in any other way . Second is that search results for individuals using European versions of Google  that is , google.co.uk rather than google.com  will now often include a message at the bottom that reads : "  Some results may have been removed under data protection law in Europe . " The curious are then offered the chance to "  learn more " on the company 's privacy and terms page . This alert does not , however , mean that search results have been removed -- it appears if any search is made for an individual 's name where there are no "  public figures " with that same name . Thirdly comes the part of the response which has triggered the most dramatic results : If a link to an article is blocked as a result of a request , notification is sent to the publisher of that article . When journalists receive that notification they are , quite naturally , upset . Two particular examples involving prominent journalists in the UK have highlighted this -- and both have written about it . The first was James Ball in the Guardian , the second Robert Peston for the BBC . Both wrote pieces about the experience ; Peston 's had an understandably dramatic headline : "  Why has Google cast me into oblivion ? " In both Ball 's and Peston 's cases , many of the stories that they had been notified about did not seem to fall into categories covered by the Google Spain ruling : old , irrelevant stories about people who were not public figures . Ball 's stories included pieces from 2010 and 2011 -- scarcely old -- while Peston 's covered critical events in the banking world in 2007 -- the ousting of banker Stan O'Neal from Merrill Lynch -- something that can not be described as irrelevant or not in the public interest . It looked as though this was exactly what the opponents of the right to be forgotten were worried about : censorship and the rewriting of history . Peston , however , was not quite convinced , hence his headline that Google was casting him into oblivion , not the European Court of Justice . Was it , in fact , that Google were overreacting -- either that they were , as Peston put it , "  clumsy " or that , perhaps , they were deliberately attempting to undermine the ruling by making it seem either unworkable or a dangerous form of censorship . That Google might be deliberately undermining the ruling seems possible ; all three parts of their response could contribute to this view . Firstly , they seem to be erring on the side of the people wishing for things to be blocked -- and hence they do create more censorship . Secondly , by alerting about far more search results than are actually affected by the rulings , they create an atmosphere in which people feel more censored . Thirdly , by the form which their notification to journalists takes , they make journalists feel censored -- and might make strong , important and expert journalists into allies in their attempts to undermine the ruling . The combination of these three is a potent one . On the other hand , it is possible that it is simply clumsy , and that these are teething troubles . Peston says : "  Google insists it is simply complying with the relevant articles in the European Court of Justice 's ruling . " In a message to those seeking to have content removed , Google itself acknowledges it is still "  working to finalize our implementation of removal requests . " The individual cases that have made the headlines have begun to unravel a little : Google has reversed its decisions on James Ball 's pieces , recognising there is a public interest . Peston 's piece is more interesting . The assumption Peston made , reasonably enough , was that the link would be blocked when people search for Sean O'Neal , since his was the only name that appeared in the article in question . But in fact , it turns out that the request to block the story related to a member of the public whose name appeared in the comments on the piece -- the link removed relates to searches for that person . Searching for Sean O'Neal still brings up the article . Google 's response is in line with the law -- but it looks far worse than it is . That , indeed , may be true of the whole story surrounding the right to be forgotten . It looks worse than it is . I hope that is the case , and that these events are just teething troubles , and that better , more workable solutions will appear , and a more appropriate balance between privacy and freedom of expression can be struck . How Google 's response develops in the weeks and months to come is the key -- and whether they really want to find a way to make it work will determine that . This whole affair demonstrates the huge power that Google already wields . Because , ultimately , it is Google carrying out this "  censorship , " not the court . Google does similar things already , though without such a fanfare , in relation to copyright protection , links to things like obscene or illegal content and so forth . They are already acting as censors -- and as they tailor search results to the individual anyway , they are already choosing what people see and read -- and what they do n't see and read . The most important thing that Google can do in response to the court ruling is to engage positively and actively with the ongoing reform process of the Data Protection Regime . A well-executed reform , with a better written , more limited and more appropriate version of the right to be forgotten could be the ultimate solution here . If that can be brought in soon -- rather than delayed or undermined -- then we can all move on from the Google Spain ruling , both legally and practically . Everyone might benefit from that .	Thousands of people request removal of information about them from Google searches Appeals follow court ruling that members of the public have a "  right to be forgotten " High profile journalists have questioned why their stories have been blocked Paul Bernal says Google may be sticking to letter of law to undermine ruling
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- America 's top diplomat for Afghanistan and Pakistan says the deadly Taliban insurgency in those countries relies heavily on funding from the Persian Gulf region . U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke chats with U.A.E. counterpart Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan . Such money even outpaces the cash gathered from Afghanistan 's multibillion-dollar exports of opium and heroin , said Richard Holbrooke , the United States ' special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , in an interview Tuesday with CNN . "  It seems to be more from individuals carrying money in their suitcases , " Holbrooke said . "  Sometimes they are taking advantage of the pilgrimage -LSB- to the Muslim holy cities of Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia -RSB- . Sometimes from hawala -LSB- an informal international system for money transfers -RSB- . Sometimes from charities . "  It is an important part of the war . ... The Taliban is not a high-tech expensive organization . " U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan have suffered high losses this summer at the hands of Taliban insurgents . Holbrooke gave the interview to CNN on the sidelines of a Friends of Democratic Pakistan meeting in Istanbul . The meeting was attended by delegations from more than a dozen countries and international organizations , including the foreign ministers of Pakistan , Turkey , Sweden , Canada , the United Arab Emirates and Iran . Members of the American and Iranian delegations walked past each other in the ornate marble halls of the 19th century Ottoman palace on the banks of the Bosporus Strait where the meeting took place , but did not interact openly in the picturesque venue . Holbrooke missed a group photo attended by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki , one aide said , due to a problem of miscommunication . And Holbrooke said that , due to a bilateral meeting with another delegation , he was not in the conference room when the Iranian diplomat delivered remarks . He insisted he was not deliberately avoiding his Iranian counterpart . "  I saw them , they were in the room , " Holbrooke said . "  The Iranian made generally positive statements ... about supporting a democratic Pakistan . " Diplomats said much of Tuesday 's meeting focused on rebuilding parts of northwestern Pakistan damaged when another round of fighting broke out between Taliban insurgents and the Pakistani military last spring . The conflict forced more than a million Pakistanis to flee their homes . Holbrooke said one of the top priorities of the Obama administration in the region has been to help Afghanistan hold presidential elections , which took place on August 20 . That election was marred by Taliban violence , which claimed the lives of at least 26 people on election day . Opposition candidates have accused the government of incumbent president Hamid Karzai of fraud and the stuffing of ballot boxes , charges Karzai officials deny . "  That 's politics , Afghan-style , " Holbrooke told CNN . "  That happens in Western democracies as well . We have charges repeatedly in American elections by candidates that the other side is not allowing -LSB- would-be voters -RSB- to register . We should not be surprised that democracy is imperfect even in Western countries . And Afghanistan has had unique difficulties in holding this election . So let 's see what happens . " Holbrooke is urging observers to wait for the results of an investigation by Afghanistan 's Electoral Complaints Commission .	Persian Gulf area is key source of money for Taliban , U.S. diplomat tells CNN Holbrooke : Money from the area outpaces Afghanistan 's opium , heroin exports Much of meeting dealt with rebuilding after fighting in areas of Pakistan Holbrooke : Afghanistan elections are a priority of Obama 's administration
CNN  -- Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy on Monday condemned a deadly attack hours earlier against soldiers at an army checkpoint at the Rafah border crossing in Sinai , vowing "  to capture those who conducted this traitorous attack on our sons . " At least 15 Egyptian soldiers were killed and nine others wounded Sunday when masked assailants carried out the attack as the men were breaking their Ramadan fast at sunset , officials said . The Israel Defense Forces blamed terrorists associated with the Global Jihad group for the violence . "  Terrorists in the Sinai region captured an Egyptian military post ... killed over 10 Egyptian soldiers and took over two armored personnel carriers , " IDF said in a statement . One of the carriers exploded at the border , while the other was attacked as it was entering Israeli territory , it said . A gunbattle between the attackers and armed forces ensued , and the Rafah border crossing has been closed indefinitely , North Sinai security official Ahmed Bakr said . More military forces have been deployed to assist . "  Our forces will impose a full control on these areas , " Morsy said in an address to the nation . "  Sinai is safe and fully under control -- those who did this will pay a high price . " Morsy called on the military council to hold an emergency meeting , state TV in Egypt reported . Hamas condemned the attack , calling it an "  ugly crime . " Hamas officials closed all border tunnels connecting Gaza with Egypt in the wake of the attack , according to Tahir Al-Nono , a spokesman for the Palestinian Authority in Gaza . CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Talal Abu-Rahma contributed to this report .	Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy vows to capture those responsible "  Sinai is safe and fully under control , " Morsy says Global Jihad terrorists attempted to infiltrate into Israel , says the IDF Others are wounded in the attack
