Paris  CNN  -- The brother of a gunman killed in a siege in southwestern France has been charged with complicity in seven murders and two attempted murders and taken into custody , the Paris prosecutor 's office said Sunday . Abdelkader Merah is also being charged with conspiracy to prepare acts of terrorism and group theft , the prosecutor 's office told CNN . He was arrested Tuesday night as police closed in on his brother Mohammed and faced a anti-terror judge on Sunday . Mohammed Merah , 23 , was killed Thursday at the end of a 32-hour siege of the apartment in the city of Toulouse where he was holed up . He was wanted in the killings of three French paratroopers , a rabbi and three children ages 4 , 5 , and 7 . Two other people were seriously wounded in shootings blamed on him . A spokeswoman for Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said Saturday an autopsy showed Mohammed Merah had been struck more than 20 times by bullets . Most of the impacts were on the arms and legs , Elisabeth Allannic said . There were two deadly wounds on the front left temple and crossing his abdomen , she said . Police also questioned Mohammed Merah 's mother and his brother Abdelkader 's girlfriend , but have released them without charge , the Paris prosecutor said . Police union leader Christophe Crepin told French TV news channel i-tele Saturday that Abdelkader Merah and his girlfriend were moved early Saturday from Toulouse to the headquarters of the DCRI , the French counter intelligence agency , in Levallois-Perret , near Paris . The brothers ' mother , Zoulika Aziri , was released Friday night , police in Toulouse confirmed . She lives in the Toulouse suburb of Mirail , CNN affiliate BFM-TV reported previously . Police tracked Mohammed Merah down via his mother 's computer IP address , which was apparently used to respond to an ad posted by the first shooting victim , officials said . The interior ministry said Saturday it had lifted the scarlet state of alert , the country 's highest security alert level , which was put in place in the Toulouse region following the third shooting on Monday targeting a school . France 's prime minister defended the police and intelligence services Friday over their handling of the case , saying they had done well to find Mohammed Merah so quickly . Questions have been raised as to why Mohammed Merah -- a petty criminal who was placed under surveillance by French authorities after visiting Pakistan and Afghanistan -- was not being more closely watched . He claimed to have attended an al Qaeda training camp , according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molins , and was on the U.S. no-fly list for that reason , a U.S. intelligence official said . Fillon told French radio station RTL that "  there was no single element " that would have allowed the police to arrest Mohammed Merahbefore the killings began . Toulouse lawyer Eric Mouton , acting for a woman named only as Aicha , to protect her identity , told CNN she filed a complaint against Mohammed Merah in June 2010 over alarming behavior Merah displayed toward her children and herself . Aicha claimed that Mohammed Merah had beaten up her daughter , 19 at the time , and had threatened her . He also held her son , 15 , against his will in a room for several hours , forcing him to watch extremely violent videos , Mouton said . Mohammed Merah denied that claim , the lawyer added . At the time of his death , the case was still open and had not yet gone to trial because of a backlog of cases at the Toulouse public prosecutor 's office , Mouton said . Investigators say Mohammed Merah filmed the attacks in which he killed seven people . He was tracked down by police 10 days after the first shooting on March 11 . In that attack , Imad Ibn Ziaten , a paratrooper of North African origin , arranged to meet a man in Toulouse who wanted to buy a scooter Ziaten had advertised online , the interior minister said . The victim said in the ad that he was in the military . Four days later , two other soldiers were shot dead and another injured by a black-clad man wearing a motorcycle helmet in a shopping center in the city of Montauban , about 50 kilometers  30 miles  from Toulouse . In the attack at the private Jewish school Ozar Hatorah on Monday , a man wearing a motorcycle helmet and driving a motor scooter pulled up and shot a teacher and three children -- two of them the teacher 's young sons -- in the head . The other victim , the daughter of the school 's director , was killed in front of her father . Police said the same guns were used in all three attacks . CNN 's Louis Fraysse , Anna Prichard and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Merah 's brother has been charged with complicity in murder and attempted murder Lawyer : A complaint filed against Merah for violent behavior had not reached trial Merah 's body shows more than 20 bullet wounds , a Paris prosecutor says France lifts the scarlet state of alert declared in the Toulouse area earlier this week
CNN  -- Not long ago , presidential candidate Herman Cain made headlines when he said blacks were brainwashed for not considering conservative ideas . On other occasions he declared that racism was no longer a problem and blamed the poor for being poor . A personal friend , I know Cain to be more thoughtful than those incendiary sound bites , but I also suspect he knew that uttering them would help him land right where he is : atop the Republican presidential field , a standing that could be threatened by recent reports of sexual harassment allegations . Unfortunately , such trash talk -- popular among many black conservatives -- continues to alienate black Republicans from the African-American community . During the early '90s , when I was a member of The Atlanta Journal editorial board , I had high hopes that the black conservative movement -- to which I was a recent convert -- could help transform black America . I penned a number of columns urging the black community to put its vote in play so that Democrats would have to do something new to keep it and Republicans would be enticed to go after it . For me , the '90s was an exciting time for black conservatives . Having burst on the scene in the early '80s during the Reagan administration , they were everywhere . On the far right were free-market conservatives like economists Thomas Sowell and Walter Williams , along with establishment types such as Ward Connerly and Clarence Thomas . On the moderate side were professors like Glenn C. Loury , Shelby Steele and Stephen Carter . On the progressive side were voices like community grass-roots intellectual Robert Woodson and television host Tony Brown . Beyond those names , there were a number of other right-leaning black voices , from college campuses to the pulpit . Black conservatism was the most visible it had ever been since Booker T. Washington peddled self-help capitalism at the turn of the last century . But what excited me most was progressive black conservatism . Rooted in black nationalism and the self-help belief system of Malcolm X , it insisted that the black community be at the forefront of solving black problems . Far from being separatist or pessimistic , it was highly hopeful about America , recognizing that there was much more opportunity than there were obstacles . It was policy - and solutions-oriented , focusing on things like rebuilding the black family , black entrepreneurship , starting and supporting black businesses in poor neighborhoods , enterprise zones , housing vouchers , micro-lending , repealing Davis Bacon  a prevailing wage law that unfairly prevented unskilled , often black , workers from gaining apprenticeships on federally funded construction jobs  , and starting Christian schools . It was n't wholesale against social programs ; it just wanted to duplicate the successes of those programs -- not necessarily government-led -- that actually worked . It did n't deny the existence of racism , but neither did it obsess over it , counting as more important those things over which blacks had control : persistence , hard work , academic exertion , and personal responsibility . But progressive black conservatism would never gain traction . Its lone supporter among white Republicans -- HUD Secretary Jack Kemp under George H. W. Bush -- who pushed a strong urban agenda , was ignored as his party pursued an aggressive suburban strategy that further alienated blacks . The tone of black conservatism became even more accommodationist , with progressive voices being drowned out , and never evolved beyond parroting long-held white conservative and neoconservative dogma . Today 's crop of black conservatives is no different . In an environment of runaway corporate greed , where the top 1 % is getting richer at the expense of the middle class , where rising college costs are making many students question the worth of a college education , where unemployment is hovering at 16 % in the black community , where home values are drying up , and the economy is nearly on life support , black Republicans -- whose spiel is as one-dimensional as it was 20 years ago -- come off as even more tone-deaf . Their idea of reaching blacks is gimmicky . Just recently , RagingElephants.com launched ads in Austin , Texas , declaring , "  G.O.P. is the New Black " and "  Martin Luther King , Jr. was a Republican . " An article written by Indiana tea party organizer Emery McClendon for Project 21 , a national leadership network of black Republicans , says the tea party could appeal to more blacks if , among other things , it would show Sarah Palin and Dick Armey mingling with African-Americans . How laughable . Far from being rejected by a black community that is brainwashed , black conservatives have themselves to blame . They 've appeared to care more about their own advancement and acceptance in the GOP than about truly helping blacks . That 's a shame , because we still need a diversity of political ideas . If black conservatives really want to make black conservatism a serious force in the black community , they have to drop their "  just get over it " philosophy about racism and its lingering effects , stand up to the GOP when it does something wrong , and come up with a real urban agenda . Take racism . Though I agree with them that it 's not the No. 1 problem blacks face today , there 's no denying the fact that structural racism remains interwoven into the nation 's criminal justice , educational and corporate cultures . All one has to do is read Michelle Alexander 's excellent book , "  The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness , " or an insightful article by Jennifer Hochschild and Vesla Weaver , "  The Skin Color Paradox and the American Racial Order , " in the December 2007 edition of Social Forces , to see the impact of racism in the criminal justice system and how darker-skinned blacks are relegated to overall lower socioeconomic status , more entanglements with the criminal justice system , and a reduced chance of holding elective office than their lighter-skinned counterparts . A 2003 University of Chicago study found that African-Americans with black-sounding names were less likely to get called back for job interviews . Ignoring such evidence robs black conservatives of credibility and moral authority . Telling blacks , some of whom are poor , desperate and penniless , to just pull "  yourselves up by your bootstraps " -- while not at least acknowledging that historically , the boots were rigged , and in some cases they remain so -- is inauthentic and hypocritical . If black conservatives want to claim King , they should at least learn from him . During the civil rights movement , King said he could n't in good conscience tell blacks to lay down their arms in the fight for freedom without speaking out against the Vietnam War . "  As I have walked among the desperate , rejected , and angry young men , I have told them that Molotov cocktails and rifles would not solve their problems , " he said . "  I have tried to offer them my deepest compassion while maintaining my conviction that social change comes most meaningfully through non-violent action ; for they ask and write me , ` So what about Vietnam ? ' They ask if our nation was n't using massive doses of violence to solve its problems to bring about the changes it wanted . Their questions hit home , and I knew that I could never again raise my voice against the violence of the oppressed in the ghettos without first having spoken clearly to the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today : my own government . " King understood this simple fact : There is no moral authority in attacking the shortcomings of blacks while glossing over the sins of the larger society . Certainly , black conservatives are right to differ with black liberals about how racism impacts black advancement today . I understand what some of them are trying to do : get blacks to stop obsessing over what they ca n't control -- white people 's hearts -- and focus on the things they can . Still , the argument rings hollow . I used to tell my son , "  A racist cop may pull you over because you 're black , that 's his fault ; but if he finds drugs in the car , that 's your fault . " Unlike some conservatives , I do n't wish to let either party off the hook . As long as black conservatives appear to be attack dogs for the white establishment , they will always be a weak and ineffectual voice in the black community . Their views may win them a few elections , sell some books , and earn them the applause of their white counterparts , but it will remain a marginal movement that has no impact in the black community . Indeed , scarcely any blacks were excited when Michael Steele was elected chairman of the Republican National Committee in 2009 or when Rep. Allen West of Florida and Rep. Tim Scott of South Carolina became the first two black Republicans to go to Congress since J.C. Watts of Oklahoma retired in 2003 . And while we applaud the chutzpah of Cain and his amazing ability to have outperformed so many career politicians , it 's his politics most blacks ca n't embrace . Bristling under recent reports that he had been the target of complaints of sexual harassment , Cain says he 's being unfairly attacked , and I believe he is . The man I know has been married for 43 years and his character is unassailable . He 's right that presidential politics places a big target on your back . I just wish black conservatives understood that being black in America does too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fredrick Robinson .	Herman Cain said blacks were brainwashed into rejecting conservative ideas Fredrick Robinson : At one time conservatism showed promise as a route for black Americans He says Cain and others have gained popularity in GOP circles by trash talk Robinson : Denying the impact of racism in America alienates conservatives from blacks
CNN  -- "  Innocence " lay for 11 hours in the rubble of a building flattened by an aerial bombing Saturday until neighbors dug her out alive . "  What 's your name ? " a medic asked the teenager while sitting her up straight on the gurney of an underground rebel hospital . It was a miracle that she suffered only some scrapes , bruises , a bloody nose and a broken arm . She was wide awake and talkative . "  Baraa , " she answered . In Arabic , her name means "  Innocence . " Baraa and her mother lived near the National Hospital in Daraya , barely south of Damascus . The town , home to government ministries and a key military airport , is the scene of bitter fighting between rebel and government forces . Opposition fighters have dug in deep there with a system of foxholes , and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's military has for weeks tried to smoke them out . Syria 's ` urban refugees ' struggle for survival Baraa said she and her mother heard that al-Assad 's forces were advancing and wanted to flee but changed their minds and hid in the basement of a building in town . "  Some people told us that the structure of the building was not that strong , " she told the medics in a video posted by opposition activists to YouTube . "  But we stayed there for three days . " Rockets hammered the area every day , and Baraa learned that one of her neighbors had died . Then she heard a warplane soaring overhead . The rebels do n't have that kind of military hardware -- captured tanks at best . Bombs thundered down nearby . Then all went black . "  The plane threw a barrel bomb on us , " she said . "  The last thing I saw was a red flash like fire . After that , it was complete darkness . " She lay in the basement , buried alive in the building 's rubble . The gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in Syria "  How were you breathing ? " someone asked . "  I was hardly breathing , " Baraa answered after a medic thoroughly scrubbed debris and blood from her mouth and nose . "  How many  people  were in the basement with you ? " "  30 . " Children ? "  About 14 , " Baraa said . "  The oldest was 11 . " "  Did you have any siblings among them ? " "  Yes , three siblings : one 11 years old , the second was 9 , and the third was 2Â 1/2 years old . " All three died in that basement , she said . Twenty-eight people perished in all , according to Baraa . But Baraa is luckily not alone . Her mother survived , too . By day 's end Saturday , 136 people had died in Syria , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition network . CNN could not independently verify the group 's claim that 47 died in Damascus and its suburbs . Inside Syria : ` Is there a worse way to live than this ? ' CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	A girl and her mother hide in a basement during days of bombardment Daraya , Syria , is home to government ministries and an important military airport Rebels and Bashar al-Assad 's forces are fighting a bitter battle for control of the town A bomb hits the girl 's building , then everything goes black
CNN  -- The death of famed actress Lauren Bacall , the husky-voiced starlet known for her sultry sensuality , not only meant the loss of a true Hollywood legend , but also the end of a golden era of icons . As first reported by Slate , all of the 16 Hollywood icons named in singer Madonna 's pop song , "  Vogue , " have now died after the passing of Bacall on Tuesday . Famed actress Lauren Bacall dies at 89 The song , released in March 1990 , was inspired by the New York City dance community . Voguing is a stylized dance that evolved from the Harlem ballroom scene in the 1980s . One section of the song contains only spoken words in which Madonna quickly lists off 16 celebrities that are considered part of the golden era of Hollywood : "  Greta Garbo , and Monroe / Dietrich and DiMaggio / Marlon Brando , Jimmy Dean / On the cover of a magazine / Grace Kelly ; Harlow , Jean / Picture of a beauty queen / Gene Kelly , Fred Astaire / Ginger Rogers , dance on air / They had style , they had grace / Rita Hayworth gave good face / Lauren , Katharine , Lana too / Bette Davis , we love you . " The black and white music video was famous for its unique choreography , an homage to classic Hollywood . The video was directed by David Fincher who went on to direct films such as "  Fight Club , " "  Se7en , " and "  The Social Network . " At the time of the song 's release , some of the stars mentioned had already died , including Marilyn Monroe , James Dean and Bette Davis . Now , 24 years after the song 's release , Bacall 's was the final name on the roster . The following is a list of the legendary stars in the order they are mentioned in the song : Greta Garbo , 84  died April 15 , 1990 Marilyn Monroe , 36  died August 5 , 1962 Marlene Dietrich , 90  died May 6 , 1992 Joe DiMaggio , 84  died March 8 , 1999 Marlon Brando , 80  died July 1 , 2004 James Dean , 24  died September 30 , 1955 Grace Kelly , 52  died September 14 , 1982 Jean Harlow , 26  died June 7 , 1937 Gene Kelly , 83  died February 2 , 1996 Fred Astaire , 88  died June 22 , 1987 Ginger Rogers , 83  died April 25 , 1995 Rita Hayworth , 68  died May 14 , 1987 Lauren Bacall , 89  died August 12 , 2014 Katharine Hepburn , 96  died June 29 , 2003 Lana Turner , 74  died June 29 , 1995 Bette Davis , 81  died October 6 , 1989 Her memorable quotes Hollywood recalls screen legend Lauren Bacall Bacall , Bogart and more reel-to-real romances	All 16 celebrities mentioned in Madonna 's "  Vogue " have died Lauren Bacall was the final celebrity to die on the list , 24 years after the song 's release The list includes Hollywood icons such as Marilyn Monroe , Marlon Brando and Katharine Hepburn
A weekend robbery in a racially diverse neighborhood of Washington may have been a hate crime , police said . "  This is for Trayvon Martin , " one of the three black men told a white man as they approached him early Saturday , according to Washington Metropolitan Police Officer Anthony Clay . The alleged robbery happened two weeks after a Florida jury acquitted George Zimmerman in the 2012 death of African-American teenager Trayvon Martin . Trayvon 's father : Let 's turn negative energy into positive The men kicked the adult white male as they took his iPhone and wallet , Clay said Sunday . The man , who has not been publicly identified , suffered minor injuries and refused medical treatment , he said . There have been no arrests , but police are investigating the incident as a hate crime , he said . It happened in the Adams Morgan neighborhood in the northwest quadrant of the nation 's capital . Opinion : What if both Martin and Zimmerman were white ?	Alleged robbery happened two weeks after George Zimmerman 's acquittal No arrests , but police says they 're investigating the incident as a hate crime It happened in the Adams Morgan neighborhood of the nation 's capital
Mental Floss  -- Divorce is almost always a messy business , but certain settlements between former beloveds can be somewhat absurd . Here 's a look at some examples of offbeat divorce settlements . 1 . Now that 's a breakup record Marvin Gaye was a tremendous singer , but he was n't always so great at keeping track of his personal finances . He spent lavishly , which meant that he often could n't cover his bills . He was having particularly big trouble footing the bill for his 1977 divorce from Anna Gordy , so Gaye 's lawyer worked out a novel settlement : Gaye would record a new album and give all of the royalties to Gordy as alimony . Gaye headed into the studio and recorded the double album "  Here , My Dear " to fulfill this deal with Gordy . Unfortunately for Gordy , critics and audiences did n't love Gaye 's divorce-themed concept album ; although today 's critics praise the album , it was the singer 's worst charting record of the 1970s . 2 . Do n't hassle his attorney , either As part of actor David Hasselhoff 's 2008 divorce settlement with ex-wife Pamela Bach , he got to keep total possession of the nickname "  Hoff " and the catchphrase "  Do n't Hassle the Hoff . " Mental Floss : 6 David and Goliath trademark disputes 3 . If only divorce lawyers had their own Nobel Nobel laureates may be some of the world 's smartest people , but even they can bungle their divorce settlements . Take Robert Lucas , the 1995 winner of the economics prize . As part of his 1988 divorce settlement , his ex-wife got half of the funds from any future Nobel win , so when Lucas picked up the prize in 1995 , he forked over half of the cash to his ex . Lucas must have been particularly irritated that the divorce settlement clause actually expired in 1995 , so if he had nabbed the Nobel in 1996 he would n't have had to share his brainy booty . Lucas could at least take comfort in knowing he was in good company . All of Albert Einstein 's prize money from his 1921 win in physics went to his ex-wife , Mileva Maric . 4 . At least this is equitable Cambodian couple Moeun Sarim and Vat Navy had been married for 18 years when they decided to part ways last year . Husband Moeun accused his wife of infidelity , so he decided to take the whole "  splitting everything 50-50 " concept to its logical conclusion . Moeun had his family come over and cut away half of the couple 's 20 ' x 24 ' house . While his wife 's half of the marital home remained standing , he deconstructed his own portion and carried the building supplies back to his parents ' home . 5 . Man really gets his wife 's goat Australian Steve Killeen managed to get his ex-wife 's goat in their divorce . Literally . When Killeen and his wife split , he ended up with her pet goat , which he now takes for daily walks through Sydney . 6 . Let us now divide any shared organs Earlier this year , Long Island 's Dr. Richard Batista made an odd request during his divorce : he wanted his allegedly unfaithful wife to return the kidney he 'd given her . Dr. Batista gave his wife , Dawnell , a kidney in 2001 , and as part of the messy divorce he claimed that he would either like the organ or compensation of $ 1.5 million . Legal scholars were skeptical of Batista 's request given that a  organ donation is legally a gift , not a loan and b  losing her ex-husband 's kidney would have been ruinous for Dawnell Batista 's health . The court rejected Batista 's claim earlier this year . Mental Floss : 11 body parts named after people 7 . Better than hotel soaps When hotelier Conrad Hilton married the younger Hungarian actress and beauty queen Zsa Zsa Gabor in 1942 , the union raised some eyebrows . Eventually , Gabor got tired of Hilton and began sleeping with her stepson , Nicky . Hilton and Gabor ended up divorcing in 1947 , and she picked up $ 275,000 in the process . Gabor later joked , "  Conrad Hilton was very generous in the divorce settlement . He gave me 5,000 Gideon Bibles . " 8 . Writer keeps his ex close Prolific Belgian author Georges Simenon requested an odd stipulation in his 1949 divorce from his wife Tigy . Simenon 's ex got a large alimony , one she later said was comparable to a top executive 's salary during the 1950s , but she had to live no more than six miles away from Simenon so he could always see his children . 9 . Peter Sellers ' timing just a little off In 1980 , Peter Sellers was in the process of divorcing his fourth wife , Lynne Frederick , when he dropped dead from a sudden heart attack at the age of 54 . Unfortunately for Sellers ' children , their father had n't gotten around to amending his will to reflect his cooling feelings for Frederick , and the divorce was not yet finalized . As a result , Frederick inherited Sellers ' # 4.5 million  $ 7.3 million  estate and the rights to all of his work , while the Sellers children got a meager # 750  $ 1,213  each . Within six months Frederick was married again , this time to celebrity journalist David Frost , but that union only lasted a year . Mental Floss : 13 bizarre stipulations in wills 10 . Charles and Diana 's divorce Is a royal pain When Prince Charles and Princess Diana divorced in 1996 , there were all sorts of odd assets to divvy up . For starters , there was the issue of titles . Diana lost the right to be called "  Her Royal Highness , " a move that peerage experts said was unprecedented . She did , however , retain the right to live in Kensington Palace , her jewelry , and the right to entertain at St. James 's Palace with the Queen 's permission . While Diana also picked up a financial settlement of $ 22.5 million , she lost a variety of honorary military titles as well . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Nothing says "  gim me " like the divorce settlement process Marvin Gaye did an album for his divorce settlement -- it tanked David Hasselhoff 's divorce settlement gave him catchphrase "  Do n't Hassle the Hoff " One man asked for his kidney back , another got his wife 's goat
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It runs on 100 per cent renewable biodiesel and holds the record for the fastest circumnavigation of the globe in a powerboat -- and now Earthrace is for sale . For sale : The green powerboat Earthrace is on the market for $ 1.5 million . The boat 's owner , New Zealander Pete Bethune , listed Earthrace as for sale on the vessel 's dedicated Web site last year , and he 's now taking it on a tour of Australia and New Zealand in the hope of finding a buyer . Bethune is asking $ 1.5 million for the trimaran , which holds the world record for the fastest time in circling the globe in a powerboat . Earthrace achieved the feat in 60 days , 23 hours and 49 minutes ; beating the old record by over two weeks . Earthrace claims to have a net zero carbon footprint by running on renewable bio diesel . Most of the fuel is believed to come from waste animal fats . The 1080 hp engine is kept cool with ducts which expel hot air and suck in cold air . See an image gallery of Earthrace " Bethune has said he hopes to pay off some debts with the sale of the boat .	Earthrace holds the world record for fastest time around the globe in a powerboat Owner Pete Bethune is selling Earthrace for $ 1.5 million The trimaran is currently touring Australia in the hope of finding a buyer
Washington  CNN  -- Full-body imaging machines that see through clothes have significantly improved security in airports where they are deployed , and have revealed more than 60 "  artfully concealed " illegal or prohibited items in the past year , the Transportation Security Administration says . To date , no explosives have been detected by the machines , but their ability to spot even small concealed objects demonstrates their effectiveness as a security tool , officials said . "  It is absolutely a tremendous improvement of what we can detect at the checkpoints , " TSA Acting Administrator Gale Rossides said this week . "  It is an excellent piece of technology that will significantly improve our detection capabilities . " As evidence of the machines ' capabilities , the security agency released five photos of drugs or suspected drugs that airport screeners found after scans revealed anomalies on the ghost-like images of people 's bodies . The agency said metal detectors would not have revealed the items . Screeners using the technology also found a knife hidden in the small of a person 's back at the Richmond , Virginia , airport , a concealed razor blade on a passenger in Phoenix , Arizona , and other concealed items such as large bottles of lotion , which are prohibited as carry-on items . In addition , the machines have revealed numerous prohibited items that passengers evidently inadvertently left in pockets . Those items are confiscated but are not counted in the tally , a TSA spokesman said . U.S. to implement new airport security measures The agency field-tested the full-body imagers for more than a year before announcing last month the deployment of machines to 11 airports nationwide . Today , 46 machines are in place in 23 airports , and the agency is stepping up deployments and plans to have about 1,000 set up by the end of 2011 . Interest in the machines has heightened since the Christmas Day incident in which a man allegedly attempted to detonate an explosive concealed in his underwear . In an appearance before Congress last month , Rossides declined to say whether the machines could have detected the underwear bomb . But to illustrate the machines ' effectiveness , Rossides showed a packet of white powder smaller than a tea bag , saying it was identical to a concealed bag detected by an imager . "  The amazing thing is that our officers , as they get more and more familiar with this technology , are actually finding very , very small things that are being secreted on the body , " she said . But some passengers say the machine 's capabilities are presenting new Fourth Amendment questions about the government 's searches , saying the machines -- in detecting very small objects -- are subjecting passengers to scrutiny beyond what is needed to safeguard the plane . "  I ca n't imaging an explosive that is powerful enough in that -LSB- tea-bag size -RSB- quantity to endanger an aircraft , " said John Perry Barlow , a former Grateful Dead lyricist who once took the TSA to court after a search of his checked luggage revealed a small amount of drugs . "  Every time technology makes another leap forward , we have to reclaim the Fourth Amendment , and often we have to reclaim the entire Bill of Rights , because technology gives us powers that were not envisioned by the Founding Fathers , " Barlow said . The security agency said that it searches only for prohibited items -- not illegal items such as drugs . When it finds illegal items during a search , it refers the item to local law enforcement officers , it says . "  What we 're trying to resolve is the anomaly that we 're seeing on the body , " said Rossides . "  If it 's drugs , then we call in local law enforcement and they handle it from there . " Barlow predicted that the body scanner will lead to another court case to clarify the extent it can be used to search the body . "  Eventually they 're going to bust somebody for something that was clearly and obviously not a threat to the aircraft , and any reasonable person would have known that -LSB- while looking at the -RSB- body scan . And at that point somebody is going to make it an issue , " he said . Rossides said the body imagers are especially useful because they can expose contraband on parts of the body that are n't fully explored in pat-downs , such as the groin . "  I think what was so telling about the Christmas Day attack was that it exploited our cultural norms , that we do n't frequently pat down persons in that part of the body . This technology will give us the image of the entire body , " she said . But Rossides said the imagers are not a "  silver bullet " because "  those who intend to do harm are constantly adapting . " "  We still have to have multiple layers of security , " she said . For all his reservations about scanners , Barlow said he does not hesitate going through one . "  I 've got nothing to hide , " he said . "  I go through the scanner . If anybody wants to see me naked , they 're welcome to the sight . "	60 "  artfully concealed " illegal or prohibited items discovered in past year , TSA says No explosives have been detected by the machines Found items include drugs , knife , bottle of lotion bigger than allowed
CNN  -- American tennis legend Andre Agassi has admitted using crystal methamphetamine a year before he won the French Open in 1998 , and that he lied to the sport 's governing bodies in the same period about a positive drugs test to avoid a ban . The 39-year-old , who is only one of six men in history to have completed a career grand slam of winning titles at all four majors , confessed in his autobiography that he took the highly addictive narcotic in 1997 while suffering poor form and to quell worries about his upcoming marriage to actress Brooke Shields . The eight-time grand slam champion revealed in his book how he felt when he first took the substance -- possession of which carries a maximum five-year jail sentence in the United States . "  Slim -LSB- Agassi 's assistant -RSB- dumps a small pile of powder on the coffee table . He cuts it , snorts it . He cuts it again . I snort some . I ease back on the couch and consider the Rubicon I 've just crossed . "  There is a moment of regret , followed by vast sadness . Then comes a tidal wave of euphoria that sweeps away every negative thought in my head . I 've never felt so alive , so hopeful -- and I 've never felt such energy , " Agassi recounted in an excerpt of his book that has been serialized by British newspaper The Times . Following his use of crystal meth , the former world number one pulled out of the French Open and admitted he did not practice for Wimbledon a month later . Later in the year an Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  doctor confirmed to Agassi -- who is currently married to former number one women 's tennis player Steffi Graf -- that his use of recreational drugs had shown up in a positive dope test and that he faced a three-month suspension . The tennis great revealed how he lied in a bid to retain his reputation : "  My name , my career , everything is now on the line . Whatever I 've achieved , whatever I 've worked for , might soon mean nothing . Days later I sit in a hard-backed chair , a legal pad in my lap , and write a letter to the ATP . "  It 's filled with lies interwoven with bits of truth . I say Slim , whom I 've since fired , is a known drug user , and that he often spikes his sodas with meth - which is true . Then I come to the central lie of the letter . "  I say that recently I drank accidentally from one of Slim 's spiked sodas , unwittingly ingesting his drugs . I ask for understanding and leniency and hastily sign it : Sincerely . I feel ashamed , of course . I promise myself that this lie is the end of it , " Agassi added . Following the letter from Agassi the ATP dropped the case , allowing the American to regain a form that would see him go on to win the French Open in 1998 and the U.S. Open in 1999 before retiring in 2006 . The ATP have yet to comment following the revelations .	Andre Agassi has admitted that he used crystal methamphetamine The American used the drug in a year before winning the French Open in 1998 The former world number one lied to the ATP to cover up a positive dope test Agassi is one of only four men to complete a career grand slam
CNN  -- Two Indian soldiers died in a firefight with Pakistani army troops in the disputed Kashmir region , the Indian army said Tuesday , amid heightened tensions in the region following a deadly clash two days ago . India said a group of Pakistani troops had crossed the Line of Control , the de facto border between India and Pakistan in the region , and entered the Indian-controlled side of the Himalayan territory . Read more : Fire destroys historic shrine , triggering anger in Kashmir According to the Indian military , the Pakistani troops had taken advantage of thick fog in a wooded area to intrude into the Mendhar sector of Poonch district , but were spotted by a routine Indian patrol . After a firefight lasting about 30 minutes the Pakistani troops retreated to their side of the Line of Control , the Indian military said , leaving two Indian soldiers dead . "  This is yet another grave provocation by Pakistan Army which is being taken up sternly through official channels , " a military statement said . Gen. Asim Bajwa , a spokesman for the Pakistani military , told CNN : "  We totally deny this baseless allegation . " Col. Rajesh Kalia , a spokesman for the Indian Army 's northern command , told CNN : "  We have lost two army soldiers in this incident and one of the bodies has been badly mutilated . " Kalia said the Indian military had not heard of any Pakistani casualties in the firefight . Tensions flared over the weekend when a Pakistani soldier was killed in a clash between the two sides , according to the Pakistani military . There were differing accounts of Sunday 's incident . According to the Pakistani military , Indian troops crossed the Line of Control and attacked a military post . Pakistani army troops repulsed the attack , but one Pakistani soldier was killed and another critically injured , the military said . The Indian Defense Ministry , however , said Pakistani troops opened fire unprovoked on Indian posts in the north Uri sector of Indian-administered Kashmir . Indian troops retaliated and forced Pakistani troops to stop firing , the ministry said . It did not immediately report the number of casualties . A statement Tuesday from the Pakistani military said : "  Pakistan military officials deny  the  Indian allegation of unprovoked firing . It looks like Indian propaganda to divert the attention of the world from Sunday 's raid on a Pakistani post by Indian troops , in which a Pakistani soldier was killed . " The territory under dispute lies in India 's Kashmir Valley , separated from Pakistan by the 450-mile Line of Control . Read more : South Asian rivals take baby steps to warmer relations The two South Asian nuclear neighbors have had a cease-fire along the de facto border since November 2003 . But the cease-fire has been violated repeatedly , with both sides accusing the other of offenses . Bilateral talks were suspended in 2008 after an attack by Pakistani militants in Mumbai , India 's most populous city . The negotiations resumed last year . The conflict dates back to 1947 , after Britain relinquished control of the Indian subcontinent , giving birth to modern India and Pakistan . Kashmir was free to accede to either nation . Maharaja Hari Singh , the ruler of the kingdom at the time , initially chose to remain independent but eventually opted to join India , thereby handing key powers to the central government in New Delhi . In exchange , India guaranteed him military protection and vowed to hold a popular vote on the issue . Read more : 2 police officers killed in Kashmir attacks The South Asian rivals have fought two full-scale wars over the territorial issue . Islamabad has always said that majority-Muslim Kashmir should have been a part of Pakistan . A United Nations resolution adopted after the first war called for a referendum allowing the people of Kashmir to choose which country they wanted to join , but that vote for self-determination has never been held . Pakistan wants that referendum to take place . India says that Pakistan lends support to separatist groups fighting against government control and argues that a 1972 agreement mandates a resolution to the Kashmir dispute through bilateral talks . Read more : Pakistani Taliban threaten to target India after execution of Mumbai attacker Shaan Khan and Habib Nasir reported from Islamabad , Pakistan , and Mukhtar Ahmad reported from Srinagar , India ; CNN 's Aliza Kassim also contributed to this report .	India says two of its soldiers were killed in a firefight with Pakistani troops The clash occurred in the disputed Kashmir region Pakistan 's military denies India 's claim that Pakistani troops crossed the Line of Control At least one Pakistani soldier died in another clash Sunday
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- When I 'm not on the road working , I want to feel as if I 'm on vacation . That 's why I live in Fort Lauderdale . I travel a lot for work and for pleasure , but every time I walk through my door , I say to my husband , "  I love our home . " Fort Lauderdale , just north of Miami , is a beautiful oceanfront town known for seven miles of sandy beach . When I 'm in town , I take advantage of a path that gives bicyclists an ocean view while they exercise . This inviting stretch of sand became popular when it was shown on the big screen in the 1960 film "  Where the Boys Are , " starring Connie Frances and George Hamilton . Things have changed a lot in Fort Lauderdale since that movie . The strip , the section along the beach where most of the shops , hotels and restaurants are congregated , is still there , and the businesses have gone upscale over the past few years . But you still do n't have to dress fancy even for the finest restaurants . Fort Lauderdale has embraced the laid-back beach culture where a nice pair of jeans with a presentable shirt is fine in almost any establishment . An everyman 's guide to L.A. Where can you get the best view of the city ? No one cares about the city views when you can look at the beach and the blue Atlantic Ocean . So , I 'll tell you the best place to sit , have a drink and look at the beach . The recently opened deck at McSorley 's Beach Pub has a great unobstructed view of the ocean and is walking distance from the strip . On a night when the moon is not reflecting off the water and the ocean is obscure , you need to travel only a block or two from the beach to the Intracoastal Waterway . There , you can sit at any of the restaurants or bars on the waterway and watch the boats go by . If you 're traveling with children , the best place to go is to Benihana ; when you are n't being entertained by the chef , you can look out the window and watch boats of all sizes go by . International correspondent shares Moscow tips Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? We would go to one of several restaurants , depending on our mood and how much we want to spend . I know I 'm going to get in trouble with some locals for making this public , but Sage French Café and Café Vico are two very good restaurants off the tourist trail . They are a few minutes from the beach in strip malls . Sage French Café never disappoints . The price is right , and the meal is always good . You can bring your own bottle of wine for a $ 15 corkage fee . The bar serves only beer and wine . If you want a full bar and great Italian food , go to Café Vico . It is also hard to resist a maître de , who is really the owner , greeting you as if you grew up in the old country together . We always order a plate of gnocchi as an appetizer to share with the table . It 's wonderful , but it 's too rich to eat as a meal . If it 's seafood you crave , then you must go see chef Dean Max at 3030 Ocean in the Marriott Harbor Beach hotel . While you 're there , make sure you congratulate the chef for wining last year 's Great American Seafood Cook-Off . He was handpicked by the governor to represent Florida and compete against chefs from 13 states . I am proud to tell you that chef Max brought home the bacon -- bragging rights for the Sunshine State . Speaking of bacon , if it 's meat you 're hungry for and you have plenty of money to spend , order the Kobe beef at Steak 954 in the W hotel . An 8-ounce Kobe fillet is $ 65 , but the entire menu is not that expensive . You can get a regular 8-ounce fillet for $ 35 . Aside from the food , a highlight here is the jellyfish tank ; it 's worth , at the least , going to the bar for a drink . What is your favorite neighborhood ? I 'm not sure it has a name , but all my friends know where to find me when I 'm in town . I call it my favorite beach block . It is on the beach and Sunrise Boulevard , about a mile north of the strip . This three-block radius has something for everyone . After the sun goes down and you get a drink at McSorley 's , you can walk across the street to the Parrot Lounge . I recently became the Foursquare "  mayor " of the Parrot Lounge , although my mother thinks I should own the place by now . The friendly staff has retained me as a loyal customer for decades . For many locals , this is our version of Cheers . But instead of a Norm , we have a Rich who can always be found at the end of the bar . The Parrot is known by locals as a "  Philly bar . " It caters to Philadelphia 's sports teams , and the place is packed when the Flyers , Phillies , Eagles or even Penn State has a televised game . The extensive menu includes foods that Philadelphia is known for such as cheesesteak and soft pretzels . Even if you ca n't find Philadelphia on a map , it 's a fun place where tourists and locals mix . Doors away from the Parrot , you will find a Thai restaurant , smoke shop , kava bar , St. Barts coffee shop , tattoo parlors , bar/restaurant Cafe Bluefish , Yo Mama 's homemade ice cream shop and a couple of shops selling T-shirts and souvenirs . It 's also where you 'll see my husband every Sunday at about 6 p.m. picking up pizza from my favorite spot , Primanti Bros. . This beachfront sandwich shop is open 24 hours a day and serves the best pizza in town . How do tourists stick out ? Knowing a person is a tourist is easy in Florida . I think our engineer Max Lewis said it best : "  You look for the pink people . We used to call them flamingos when I was a kid . " I 'm not sure that the term is still used , but the pink people continue to be one good way to tell when someone is in town on vacation . If their sunburn does n't give them away , things like a Hawaiian shirt or camera around the neck will . A tip : Save your money on the new shirt and buy good sunscreen ! Is there a tourist trap actually worth seeing ? The Jungle Queen riverboat has been transporting tourists around Fort Lauderdale 's canals and New River for as long as I can remember . The tour guides are funny and informative as they point out the multimillion-dollar homes on the water and the names of famous residents who live there . This tour allows you to see these residences from behind the gates . They also stop on their own island , where you can watch an alligator being wrestled . If you want to see an alligator in its natural habitat , I advise you to rent a car and drive to Shark Valley in the Florida Everglades . It 's not in Fort Lauderdale but worth the trip ! It was only last year when I discovered this spot , and I have n't stopped talking about it since . I have never seen so many alligators in one place . I was so amazed by what I saw that I wrote a story for CNN 's Travel page . Have you been to Fort Lauderdale ? Share your tips in the comments section below .	Fort Lauderdale 's best views are of the water with cocktails in hand Do n't forget sunscreen -- the pink people stand out as tourists Get a look at the glitzy side of the city from the Jungle Queen riverboat
CNN  -- Arcade game-inspired fashionistas mixing with heavy metal bands grinding out tunes on street corners sounds like a scene you might find in New York 's trendier locales . But this is South Africa -- a country with a young population and a thriving underground youth culture . Last year , Swedish filmmakers Teddy Goitom and Benjamin Taft traveled to Cape Town and Johannesburg in search of a different scene , one which steered clear of the "  media stereotypes of violence , AIDS and safaris . " The result is "  Stocktown X : South Africa , " an uplifting and colorful 30-minute documentary which gives a snapshot of the exciting youth scene in some of Cape Town and Johannesburg 's poorest districts . Here , you 'll find artists and designers , musicians and photographers , all making their mark on the community and beyond , fashioning an identity for themselves through the things they create , says Goitom . "  I hope this film is an eye-opener to the stuff happening here , despite media reports of what is going on , " Goitom said . He and Taft meet heavy-metal band Ree-Burth who play sessions to small , but highly appreciative crowds from a backyard in Pimville , Soweto , and Gazelle , an electro-pop band from Cape Town . Next , they drop in on the creators of fashion brand 2Bop , which designs street-wear inspired by 1980s arcade games such as Nintendo 's "  Street Fighter , " before catching up with Kepi Mngomezulu , founder of the Soweto-based "  Smarteez " fashion collective . "  Our styles vary from person to person depending on how we absorb what inspires us . So we have different fashion icons , but the style definitely has a common thread giving an overall Smarteez aesthetic , " Mngomezulu said . He says the street culture vibe is "  very unpredictable and evolving rapidly " because people are realizing how self-expression can be used "  as a weapon to shoot your voice for the world to hear . " Smarteez , and other street culture movements , are giving voice to a new generation , Mngomezulu said . "  Day by day the youth of South Africa -- irrespective of their backgrounds and cultural differences -- are starting to take awareness in what 's happening in the world , " he said . "  They are starting to take a stand by voicing their opinions literally , or by other means of expression . " Goitom agrees , saying that the people he met while filming were incredibly well-informed about the wider social and political world . Stocktown X : South Africa is the latest in a series of documentaries in which Goitom and Taft have explored underground urban music scenes in Japan , Australia and Brazil and the United States . He hopes this latest film , which last week premiered at the CinemAfrica film festival in Sweden will , in some small way , encourage young people outside Africa to look in on the continent 's growing pool of creative talent .	New documentary showcases the sights and sounds of South Africa 's youth scene Stocktown X : South Africa interviews Cape Town and Johannesburg 's young creatives Filmmakers want to reveal the thriving urban culture away from media stereotypes
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- As Brazilian authorities work to "  pacify " Brazil 's slums ahead of two global sporting events , police in Rio de Janeiro captured one of the city 's most notorious drug traffickers . Antonio Francisco Bonfim Lopes , alias "  Nem , " was found hiding Wednesday in the trunk of a car attempting to avoid a police siege in the outskirts of Rocinha , a slum in the heart of Rio that was under his control , police said . But the car was stopped at a police checkpoint , and a confusing scene unfolded . The driver of the car told police he was a Congolese diplomat and refused to open the trunk , police said . He then partly relented , saying he would only open it at the federal police station . On the way there , police said , the car stopped again and one of its occupants offered the officers 20,000 reais  U.S. $ 11,400  in exchange for their freedom . When the officer declined , the offer was raised to 1 million reais  U.S. $ 572,000  , police said . The local officers called in federal police , who conducted an immediate search of the vehicle and discovered Lopes in the trunk , police said . The driver claimed to be an "  honorary consul " of "  Congo , " but the embassy of the Republic of Congo told the state-run Agencia Brasil that they have no consul in the country , and the Democratic Republic of Congo said it has no diplomatic mission there . A second passenger in the car was identified as an attorney and a third man also claimed to be an employee of the consulate . Rio will play host to the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympics , and has turned its attention to restoring control of the slums , or favelas , that had been in the hands of criminals and gangs . Rocinha is one of Brazil 's biggest favelas and one of the main strongholds of the drug dealing in the country . Rocinha is a community with nearly 70,000 residents , according to the last census . Lopes controlled the drug trafficking in that favelas for nearly 10 years .	Brazil is working to regain control of Rio 's slums Authorities captured one of Rio 's most notorious traffickers He was hidden in the trunk of car
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States on Thursday imposed economic sanctions on a North Korean company that the United Nations said is linked to the country 's nuclear weapons program . News comes on day U.S. State Department Envoy Philip Goldberg met with U.N. sanctions committee . A U.S. Treasury Department statement said Korea Hyoksin Trading Corporation is owned or controlled by Korea Ryonbong General Corporation , which has been designated by the United Nations as a proliferator of weapons of mass destruction . The order freezes any U.S. assets of Hyoksin and prohibits any Americans from dealing with it , the statement said . It notes that a sanctions committee set up by the U.N. Security Council recently cited Hyoksin for involvement in development of weapons of mass destruction . The announcement came as the U.S. coordinator for implementation of U.N. sanctions against North Korea met Thursday with the Security Council sanctions committee . The envoy , Philip Goldberg , said the talks showed "  strong commitment " by all nations to enforcing Security Council Resolution 1874 , which authorized sanctions against North Korea 's weapons program . "  What I found in that room and in my dealings with other governments ... is unity of view , " Goldberg said , specifically mentioning China , which is North Korea 's longtime supporter . "  Commitment to implementation is strong and unified , " he said .	U.S. : Hyoksin linked to corporation associated with weapons of mass destruction Order freezes Hyoksin 's U.S. assets , prohibits Americans from dealing with company U.N. recently cited Hyoksin for involvement in weapons of mass destruction
CNN  -- Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand said Monday she had to hold her tongue when a male labor leader made comments about her post-pregnancy weight shortly after she began her career in Congress . "  I 've just had a baby , I 've just been appointed -LSB- to the Senate -RSB- , I have a lot to learn , so much on my plate , and this man basically says to me , ` You 're too fat to be elected statewide , ' " she said on HuffPost Live , a webcast . She did not name the labor leader . "  At that moment , if I could have just disappeared , I would have , " she continued . "  If I could have just melted in tears , I would have . But I had to just sit there and talk to him . I switched the subject ... I did n't hear a word he said , but I was n't in a place where I could tell him to go f *** himself . " While promoting her book , "  Off the Sidelines , " the Democratic senator from New York has been vocal lately about remarks she and other women hear about their physical appearances . "  A statement about a woman 's looks -- positive or negative -- can be very undermining to her credibility , " Gillibrand said Monday . "  I want women to make their own judgments . " She has faced some criticism in recent weeks for not naming the individuals who have made such comments , as some of them have come from colleagues on Capitol Hill , she has said . "  It 's not about any one insult or any one person , because that 's not why I shared the details . I specifically shared them because I want to talk about these broader challenges , " she said . "  This happens to women all the time in every industry every day . " Opinion : Kirsten Gillibrand 's good call on ` fat ' comments	Kirsten Gillibrand drops the F-bomb in a webcast interview She was recalling a story about what she once wanted to say to a labor leader He had made a comment about her looks after she had a baby She says she wanted to tell him to "  f *** himself "
New York  CNN  -- President Obama accepted the Nobel Peace Prize on Thursday by talking about war and the limits of nonviolence . But he also praised the peacemakers of the past and said the world can and should still strive for peace . "  Let us reach for the world that ought to be , " he told the 1,000-member audience at Oslo City Hall in Norway . "  Clear-eyed , we can understand that there will be war , and still strive for peace . " The Nobel committee 's choice of Obama as this year 's laureate sparked debate , in part because he is a president waging two wars abroad . Obama said force is sometimes necessary , but said that is simply "  a recognition of history , the imperfections of man and the limits of reason . " Read a transcript of Obama 's acceptance speech Fareed Zakaria , author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria : GPS , " spoke to CNN about the speech CNN : What message was President Obama trying to send the world in his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech ? Fareed Zakaria : The speech reflected his basic philosophy , which is why it worked so well . I think Obama is somebody who is a realist-idealist . He tries to balance idealism with the realities in the world . He clearly believes in the idea of doing good in the world , but believes you have to be pragmatic and realizes the dangers of over-reaching . CNN : Will the focus on the Afghanistan war being "  just " be well received by world leaders ? Zakaria : Most of the world supports the war in Afghanistan . The UN approved it , and over 50 countries are participating one way or another , so countries wo n't react negatively . Obama wanted to remind people , including those in his own party here in the U.S. , that the Afghanistan war has a morally legitimate basis and that there are occasions in history where force is necessary . CNN : Are there any potential pitfalls to spending so much of the speech defending the war on moral grounds ? Zakaria : The great danger of moral certitude is that you get distracted from the practical issue of whether things are working . Are we creating a stable government ? Are we being successful against the Taliban and al Qaeda ? From Woodrow Wilson to Vietnam , the question of whether a military action is morally legitimate can overshadow whether it works . CNN : Does the speech give us any window into how Obama might conduct U.S. foreign policy going forward ? Zakaria : The Afghanistan speech last week and the Nobel speech are the two clearest statements of his worldview . He is n't making a broad statement like President Bush , when he vowed to end tyranny in the world . Obama says the U.S. is a force for good , but is engaging with the world and is trying to avoid open-ended commitments . Obama wants the U.S. to play a world role that is progressive and idealistic , but remains aware of the practical limitations inherent in trying to operate in a messy world .	Fareed Zakaria : president 's speech shows he 's trying to balance idealism , world realities He says he must ensure that moral case for war is matched by effective military mission Nobel speech , Afghanistan speech are clearest statements of Obama 's worldview , he says More about the speech on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " Sunday , 1 and 5 p.m. ET
Brighton , England  CNN  -- Graham Coxon is tired . He 's wet . But he 's standing outside the concert in the rain smoking a cigarette and talking cheerfully to fans after an energetic performance in Brighton . The long queue of admirers , many from overseas , is testimony to his fame , but if truth were told , most of them just want to meet the lead guitarist from Blur . And if they were disappointed that Coxon did n't play any songs written during his time in the multi-million-selling Britpop band , the fans do n't let on . Well , not much anyway . What Coxon serves up for most of the concert in the atmospheric beachside Concorde 2 venue is a cacophony of white noise in keeping with the storm lashing in off the ocean outside . With up to four guitars , bass and drums , Coxon is not an act for the faint-hearted . But melodies do shine through : occasionally on older songs such as "  All Over Me " and the finale "  Tripping Over , " the volume eases for him to show what an interesting voice he has , one that was criminally under-used on the seven Blur studio albums . Coxon 's virtuoso musical talent on guitar is also richly on show -- he has been described by Oasis songwriter Noel Gallagher as the greatest guitarist of his generation . Many of the songs are from his new album A&E , which marks a return to a rockier sound than his previous , more acoustic work . Coxon seems in his element as a front man : his between-songs chat is limited to an occasional "  cheers " but he seems to be having a scream . Towards the end he lets his hair down by doing his famous back-flip and plays guitar with his teeth and behind his back . There 's no showing for favorites such as "  Bittersweet Bundle of Misery , " off the most Blur-like album "  Happiness in Magazines , and while there are half-hearted calls for Coxon 's big Blur hit "  Coffee and TV , " it 's never going to happen . While he will always be defined by that band -- who reform again for the Olympic Games closing concert in August -- Coxon has now produced eight solo albums and is entitled as much as Damon Albarn is to a life after , or even alongside , Blur .	Graham Coxon serves up cacophony of white noise , but talent shines through With up to four guitars , bass and drums , Coxon is not act for faint-hearted Coxon described by Noel Gallagher as greatest guitarist of his generation
CNN  -- The defense budget is going down . Thursday , President Obama personally announced a new strategy to align with the new limits created by the Budget Control Act of last fall . The announcement was light on the budget details to emphasize "  strategy . " But strategy documents come and go -- it 's in budgets that we 'll see actual change . The biggest change is a smaller Army -- reports suggest troop numbers down to levels last seen in the late 1990s . This change is justified by the strategy 's de-emphasis of stability operations like Iraq and Afghanistan and renewed focus on Asia , where naval and air forces are the main tool . If the strategy 's blueprint is followed , we could see a fundamental change to our force structure and military posture -- more airpower and naval , and fewer ground forces . But everyone Thursday went out of their way to hedge at every turn . Most notably , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey stressed that we were n't giving up the capacity to fight land wars . Deputy Secretary of Defense Ash Carter said his theme was reversibility . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said our military will never do just one thing . The President said our military will be ready for the full range of contingencies and threats . These statements do n't sound like an overhaul in the Defense Department is imminent to reflect this new strategy . Rather , the administration will more likely make some marginal changes to meet the new budget realities . The Army will still prepare to fight high-intensity land campaigns . The Air Force will still prepare to achieve air superiority . The Navy will still prepare to maintain a presence on the seas . And the Marines will still prepare to land on the beaches . The world is an uncertain place and some hedging is a good thing to protect against surprises . But the United States has a dominant military capable of handling a lot of surprises and will maintain its strength even if we see much deeper cuts in the next decade -- even cuts at the levels of previous big reductions in defense spending . The strategy was unveiled today to justify just shy of $ 500 billion in cuts over the next ten years , which would leave the budget in 2021 just 8 % less than it is today compared to an average from previous builddowns of 30 % less after ten years . The decline in war costs will account for some of that difference . But even at the levels of savings mandated by the sequester triggered by the supercommittee 's failure to reach a deficit reduction deal , the base defense budget would decrease by less than 20 % after ten years . If we were truly to tailor our force structure to a strategy , we could find significantly greater savings . If we embrace the current strategy document , the Army could be significantly smaller and still have a cadre to build upon if we needed to conduct another long-term stability operation . Of course , the point was raised in the press conference that we did n't plan on doing stability operations in Afghanistan or Iraq . If we instead accept that we will do more stability operations , we could cut back the Navy and Air Force to focus on the Army and still have plenty of forces to respond to events in the Pacific . It does n't appear the administration will take the budget to the logical ends of the strategy rolled out today . We would have a better defense -- at any spending level -- if we actually made budget decisions based on strategy rather than by letting institutional concerns determine what makes up the budget . The press conference Thursday highlighted two key facts about the defense budget . The topline is determined largely by external events -- like our economy and fiscal crises . But the budget that meets that topline is determined largely by the institutions within the Pentagon . We may be at an inflection point , as the president said , but it is unlikely that inflection will affect the Pentagon that much . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Russell Rumbaugh .	President Obama announced a new strategy to align with defense budget cuts Russell Rumbaugh says the military could make deeper cuts and fulfill the strategy He says military services likely to pursue its own goals despite the new strategy Rumbaugh : Let strategy , rather than institutions , determine how money is spent
CNN  -- Two U.S. tourists unknowingly bought six human skulls in Greece , which they learned when they were stopped at the airport in Athens . The Americans carried the skulls in their hand luggage , which was scanned during a layover on their way back to the United States from the island of Mykonos . The pair were arrested Thursday , accused of desecrating the dead . A coroner later confirmed that the skulls were human , police said . "  The two young tourists said they had bought the skulls in a souvenir shop on the island of Mykonos and believed they were fake , " a police spokesperson said . "  They bought them ahead of Halloween to decorate their homes . Both tourists were then released and took a flight back to the U.S. " There was no immediate word on where the skulls originated .	The Americans were stopped during a layover in Athens The skulls were discovered when their luggage was scanned They were arrested , then released , police say
CNN  -- Mercedes Smith walked out of Bedford Hills Correctional Facility after 20 years , hoping to become a productive member of society . Shortly after she was released in June 2010 , Smith found a part-time job . She was thrilled -- until she found out that working for $ 13 an hour meant her newly acquired Medicaid insurance would be terminated . Medicaid , a federally run health program , is designed to provide coverage for low-income and disabled individuals . But in New York , where Smith lives , single adults without dependents who earn more than $ 8,994 a year do n't qualify . In other states , the qualifying income level is even lower . Adults without children in nearly half of states do n't qualify at all . It 's a population known as the working poor : They earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but not nearly enough to pay for private health insurance . Smith chose to keep her job and prayed she would n't fall ill . She worries constantly about her atopic dermatitis , a skin condition that can be controlled only with a prescription medication cream she ca n't afford . "  I have to pick and choose when I go to the doctor , " Smith said . "  When I get really , really sick , I have to go to the emergency room . " Experts hope Obamacare will change that . They estimate that 30 % to 50 % of released U.S. prison inmates will be newly eligible for insurance under the Medicaid expansion that covers people who earn up to 133 % of the federal poverty level : about $ 15,800 a year for a single person . Twenty-five states and the District of Columbia have chosen to expand their Medicaid programs . And all states must now cover behavioral health treatments at the same rate as they cover physical ailments . So any inmate who qualifies for Medicaid or Medicare , and those who can afford health insurance , will be able to get help for substance abuse and mental health problems . That care could be the "  stay out of jail free " card former inmates need , experts say . Whether the infrastructure is in place to support those dreams is another question . A chronic problem Roughly 10 million people cycle through U.S. jails every year , according to Community Oriented Correctional Health Services , a nonprofit dedicated to improving connectivity between health care in and out of the justice system . Most are there for short periods before they are determined to be innocent , post bail or are sentenced to probation . Only 4 % are sent to prison to serve longer sentences . "  In other words , 96 % ... return directly to the community from jail , along with their often untreated health conditions , " nonprofit President Steven Rosenberg explained . Those who end up in prison often have serious health issues . Nearly 40 % percent of inmates have one or more chronic health problems , such as high blood pressure , diabetes or asthma , the Bureau of Justice Statistics  PDF  estimated in 2002 . Inmates are also three times more likely than the general population to suffer from a serious mental illness and four times more likely to have a substance abuse problem , said Amy Solomon , senior adviser to the assistant attorney general in the U.S. Department of Justice . The National Institute of Mental Health estimates that 64.2 % of jail inmates have a diagnosable mental health problem , compared with about 26 % of American adults . Most private health insurance companies do not cover the incarcerated . Inmates who were covered under Medicaid upon entering prison have their insurance suspended or terminated , depending on state law , because of Medicaid 's "  inmate exception " rule . But the real problem is not caring for this population inside , Solomon said ; it 's caring for them when they get out . Until the Affordable Care Act takes effect January 1 , inmates are some of the only people in the United States who are guaranteed access to health care . To deprive them of medical care would violate the Eighth Amendment , which prohibits cruel and unusual punishment , the Supreme Court has ruled on two occasions . "  A prison that deprives prisoners of basic sustenance , including adequate medical care , is incompatible with the concept of human dignity and has no place in civilized society , " Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the more recent Brown v. Plata opinion  PDF  on May 23 , 2011 . But when they leave prison , and most do , there are no such protections in place . Men and women who may have gotten their addictions under control or found the right medication combination to ease mental health symptoms behind bars are released into the community without a backup plan . Rosenberg tells of newly released prisoners who purposefully commit small crimes with the intent of returning to jail to get the surgeries they need for free . "  Access to health care can make a huge positive difference for this population , " Solomon said . "  If we deliver the right treatment to the right people at the right time , then we can improve public health , increase public safety and save taxpayer dollars . " Separate worlds Advocates working to get former inmates the health care they need in the community have a favorite catchphrase : continuity of care . The goal is to have an appointment set up with a provider before the inmate is even released , said Tom Sullivan , Maryland 's director of inmate health services . The former warden remembers how his calls to community doctors used to go : "  Can you see this patient ? He 's been incarcerated for 10 years . He 's mentally ill . He 's violent . And he has no insurance , so he is n't going to be able to pay for anything . " "  It did n't work out too well , " Sullivan said with a hint of sarcasm . "  At least today , I 've taken one thing off the table . ... You 'll be able to be reimbursed . " There are n't a lot of data on whether access to health care will lower rates of recidivism or the rates at which offenders return to jail . But experts know that treatment of mental illness and substance abuse can help prevent criminal relapse  PDF  . A study done in the early 1990s called the California Drug and Alcohol Treatment Assessment  PDF  found that substance abuse treatment , in and out of prison , reduced the level of criminal activity among participants by about two-thirds . Since then , many studies have showed that addiction programs , whether participation is coerced or voluntary , reduce recidivism rates . Washington state 's Dangerously Mentally Ill Offender program identifies prisoners who pose a threat to public safety and provides them with mental health treatment for up to five years after their release . The state program has reduced felony recidivism by 42 % among these former inmates , according to a 2009 report  PDF  , and has saved taxpayers $ 1.64 for every dollar spent on treatment . "  The guy who robs banks for a living and sells drugs for a living , that 's what he does , " Sullivan said . "  And when he gets back out , he 's going to do it again . But when  the mentally ill  get out , they do n't rush back in . " Judges would avoid sending these low-risk offenders to jail at all if more treatment options were available , said Pam Rodriguez , president and CEO of Illinois ' Treatment Alternatives for Safe Communities . But state funding for community behavioral programs has long been lacking . Rodriguez believes it 's only a matter of time until other states recognize the benefits of expanding their Medicaid programs . Experts have also expressed concern that the physician shortage in the United States will only get worse in coming years due to the influx of newly insured patients . And although the "  Health Homes " provision of Obamacare provides funding for facilities willing to coordinate primary , emergency and behavioral health care for individuals on Medicaid with chronic conditions , this kind of seamless communication between treatment providers simply does not currently exist in most cities . "  We are building the plane as we fly it , " Rodriguez said simply . "  And if anybody tells you differently , they are misdirecting you . " Reaching out The bottom line is that the Affordable Care Act holds a lot of potential , said Dr. Emily Wang , co-founder of the Transitions Clinic Network , which encompasses 11 community health centers caring for recently released prisoners . But she cautions that it may not be the cure-all some are promising for America 's inmates . "  Just because everyone is insured does n't mean you have access to primary care . ... Just because you have insurance does n't mean you want to go to a clinic or doctor , " Wang said . "  It does n't mean you wo n't feel discriminated in a health care setting . It does n't mean you 'll feel safe . " Former inmates are looking for four specific things when it comes to health care outside prison walls , she said : access to providers within two weeks of release ; doctors who know they have been incarcerated so they do n't feel they have to hide their past ; community health workers who can help them navigate the system ; and a health care facility that has strong partnerships with other organizations in the community that can help them find housing , employment and legal services . All are essential to encouraging this population to seek consistent care and stay out of jail , Wang said . Mercedes Smith is working to address some of these issues as a policy specialist at Women on the Rise , an advocacy group in New York run by formerly incarcerated women . "  I realized upon being released from prison that we usually cling to people who have been in the same situation as us , " she said . "  I was lucky to have a great support system ... so I made myself out to be that support system for sisters and brothers coming home . " Smith plans to apply for Medicaid again under New York 's expansion . Until it goes into effect , Smith said , she will continue to use "  home remedies " to treat her skin condition and will avoid going to the doctor unless it 's absolutely necessary . "  My biggest fear is that when I do get insurance , I 'm going to have something wrong with me , " she said . "  It 's going to be too late . "	Experts estimate 30 % to 50 % of released inmates will be newly eligible for Medicaid Even states that will not expand Medicaid will provide coverage for mental health treatment The infrastructure to support inmates in the community may not be available right away
The fastest-growing metro area in the United States may surprise you . While many of the communities in the Top 10 list released by the U.S. Census Bureau on Thursday were in the oil - and gas-rich Great Plains region , the fastest-growing community was a retirement development near Ocala , Florida . The Villages in central Florida has more than 101,000 residents . Rules there require that at least one person in a household be older than 55 . "  The Villages active life style continues to draw people from all over the county , " Gary Lester , vice president for community relations at The Villages , told CNN . He points to its theaters , hotels , golf courses and nightly entertainment as big draws for new residents . Data from the U.S. government shows that the community added 5.2 % to its population from July 2012 to July 2013 , making it the fastest-growing community in the United States , percentagewise . Homes range from just over $ 100,000 to more than $ 1 million , and the average age at purchase is 62 , Lester said . Odessa and Midland , Texas , and Fargo and Bismarck , North Dakota , rounded out the Top 5 , the Census Bureau reported .	Census data shows fastest growing community , percentagewise , is for retirees Community has 101,000 residents and grew by 5.2 % between July 2012 and 2013 Midland and Odessa , Texas , and Fargo and Bismarck , North Dakota round out the Top 5
San Diego  CNN  -- Now that we have Sonia Sotomayor , a Latina , on the Supreme Court , the esteemed body will soon find itself in the middle of a telenovela . The storyline involves the contentious issue of affirmative action , which is central to Fisher vs. University of Texas , a case that is scheduled to come before the court this fall . It will cast a spotlight on two of the court 's justices : Sonia Sotomayor and Samuel Alito . Affirmative action seems to be intensely personal to both of them , though for very different reasons . First , let 's take a minute to note just how similar Alito and Sotomayor are in terms of their background . Both are baby boomers , born just a few years apart . Alito is 61 years old and Sotomayor is 57 . They grew up in neighboring states . Alito is from New Jersey and Sotomayor is from New York . Both came from ethnic , working-class families . Alito 's parents were teachers , Sotomayor 's father was a tool-and-die worker and her mother was a telephone operator . Finally , both went to Princeton University and Yale Law School , where both served as editors of the Yale Law Journal . Given all those similarities , what could these two Supreme Court justices possibly have to argue about ? Affirmative action . That 's what . Will the Supreme Court strike down affirmative action ? Alito has highlighted in a 1985 job application for promotion to officials in the Justice Department of the Reagan administration that he belonged to a group called Concerned Alumni of Princeton . And what were the Princeton alumni so concerned about ? Why , that there were supposedly too many women and minorities being admitted to the prestigious but predominantly white institution . Sotomayor has said that she is a "  product of affirmative action " and the "  perfect affirmative action baby . " Although she graduated with honors from both Princeton and Yale Law School , she admitted that her test scores "  were not comparable " to her classmates at both schools . Now imagine how these two justices will weigh in on the case of Fisher v. University of Texas . This is not the first time that the University of Texas at Austin has found itself in the eye of a storm because of its admissions policies . In the 1990s , Cheryl Hopwood successfully sued the law school at UT for its affirmative action program . In an attempt to preserve diversity gains , the Texas Legislature passed the "  10 percent rule , " which required public universities in the state to admit students from the top 10 percent of the graduating class of every Texas high school . The idea was that ethnic diversity can be achieved without explicitly considering the race factor . But , in 2003 , after the Supreme Court gave public colleges and universities the green light to take race into account as a factor in admissions , the University of Texas revised its policies accordingly to admit students who did n't make it into the top 10 percent . This is the policy now being challenged . Abigail Fisher and Rachel Michalewicz , two white students who did n't get into the University of Texas as undergraduates in 2008 , claim that it was their race that kept them out , since minority students who they considered less qualified were admitted . Were there no other white students admitted to the University of Texas that year ? We can assume there were , and so the idea that it was the plaintiffs ' race that kept them out is questionable . Even so , commentators who follow the Supreme Court closely are predicting that the case will deliver a death blow to affirmative action for public colleges and universities . There are at least five justices who will probably oppose racial preferences , including Alito . Meanwhile , the dissenters are likely to include Sotomayor . Do n't be surprised if her dissent in this case will contain a tone that is unmistakably personal . Maybe Sotomayor will reflect on Thurgood Marshall 's dissent in the landmark 1978 Supreme Court case , Regents of the University of California v. Bakke , which also involved a challenge to race-based admissions . In that case , a majority of the justices agreed that Allan Bakke , a 32-year-old white male , should have been admitted to the University of California Davis Medical School . Bakke had been denied admission , he claimed , because of a special program that set aside for African-Americans 16 of the 100 seats in the entering class . Marshall -- who was the only African-American justice on the Court and probably the only one who ever experienced racial discrimination firsthand -- did not agree that Bakke should have been admitted , and he wrote a powerful dissent that none of his white colleagues could have written . It is at moments like this -- when more women and minorities are in places of power and influence -- that we see the payoff of affirmative action and other efforts to expand educational and professional opportunities for all Americans . We 're all human . We view controversial issues with our heart , as much as with our head . We see them through a lens shaped by personal experiences . As a Mexican-American graduate of an Ivy League university , here is what my lens tells me . Part of what Alito and the other Princeton alumni were really concerned about was that -- if something was n't done to keep women and minorities out of prestigious colleges and universities -- one day , white males may have to deal with them as equals . Watch how Sotomayor handles this case about affirmative action , and you 'll see : That day is here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	The Supreme Court will hear arguments for Fisher vs. University of Texas The case will determine the fate of affirmative action in public universities Ruben Navarrette : Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor will likely take the issues personally Navarrette : The ways we see issues are often shaped by personal experiences
CNN  -- Double explosions of a roadside bomb and then a car bomb killed at least 10 people and wounded 40 others near a Shiite mosque north of Baghdad on Saturday , Tikrit police officials told CNN . Elsewhere in Iraq , at least five people were killed and 18 more wounded when a suicide car bombing hit near a security checkpoint at an outdoor market in central Tal-Afar , outside of Mosul , the city 's police and health officials said Saturday . Tal-Afar is mostly inhabited by Shiite Turkmen . In a third incident , three people were killed and six more wounded when gunmen attacked security checkpoints in southern Mosul , officials said . In the double explosions near the mosque , the blasts took place in central Tuz Khurmatu , located in Salaheddin province about 125 miles north of Baghdad . There is also a security checkpoint near the mosque as well as several shops , police said . It was the latest round of violence in Iraq . On Friday , at least 21 people were killed and dozens wounded in shootings and explosions across the country , officials say . The deadliest attack occurred in the neighborhood of Dora , southern Baghdad , where twin improvised explosive devices were detonated near an ice cream shop . Officials told CNN seven people -- including children -- died in the blasts and 18 others were wounded . Political unrest and sectarian violence between Sunnis and Shiites have festered in recent months . The U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq estimates at least 979 Iraqis -- 852 of them civilians -- were killed in October alone . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : At least five people are killed in a suicide car bombing in Tal-Afar NEW : Three people are killed when gunmen attack a southern Mosul checkpoint At least 10 people are killed when two bombs explode in Tuz Khurmatu Bloodshed rises between Sunnis and Shiites
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Italy 's prime minister held emergency meetings on Monday to discuss the growing garbage problem in Naples , where more than two weeks of closed dumps and uncollected garbage has led to mountains of trash across the city . Collectors stopped picking up rubbish on December 21 , saying that dumps are full . The garbage problem has become so bad that Neapolitan residents have started burning their waste , leading to noxious fumes permeating the air in the southern Italian coastal city . On Monday , the government called on the army to help with emergency trash collection for the second time in a year . Bags of rotting , uncollected waste now line city streets and sit in alleys beneath residential apartment blocks . In some places , the piles of trash tower over the cars driving past . Prime Minister Romano Prodi met with the interior and environment ministers in Rome after President Giorgio Napolitano , who is from Naples , said he was alarmed by the crisis . The latest problems began on December 31 , when the government closed one of the area 's two working dumps . Gian Francesco Raiano , a spokesman for the government 's "  garbage crisis administrator , " said the dump was closed at the request of residents . That left only one working dump , in the town of Serre , which is able to accept only 2,000 tons of trash a day . Raiano said that was the reason trash started piling up on the streets . Authorities are hoping to alleviate the problem when they reopen a long-closed dump in the town of Pianura , near Naples , by the end of this week . The government announced on December 30 that it planned to reopen Pianura , and the decision immediately sparked protests by nearby residents . They blocked roads to stop trucks from entering the site to prepare to open it after 12 years out of commission , and there were scuffles as police tried to move protesters away . Problems with Naples ' garbage have been around in some form for 14 years , when Italian authorities first declared the situation an emergency . Complicating the issue is the involvement of organized crime , which has long controlled the region 's waste business . The Camorra , as the mafia is known in Naples , controls both dumps and garbage trucks , making the problem enormously difficult for the government to solve . Forty dumping sites have operated in the Campania region over the past 30 years , but most have been closed for various reasons , including criminal investigations related to the Camorra . Residents ' protests , over-saturation , and lack of proper equipment were other factors . Italian media have cited statistics saying that Naples produces 1.6 million tons of garbage a year , and that the government has spent 1.8 billion euros  $ 2.7 billion  over the past 14 years to deal with the problem . E-mail to a friend	Prime Minister Romano Prodi holds emergency meetings over trash problems Prodi forced to act after army called to help clear rubbish piles around Naples City collectors stopped work on December 21 because dumps are full Residents in a city suburb set up roadblocks in protest at dump reopening
CNN  -- A 93rd minute Thiago Silva goal salvaged a late draw for AC Milan as they held Barcelona in their opening European Champions League Group H match on Tuesday . It was the least Milan deserved after taking the game to the European champions , even going ahead within the first minute thanks to a piece of individual brilliance . Brazilian international Pato slalomed through Barcelona 's surprisingly porous defense before slotting home to give the home side an early , and unexpected , bloody nose . Barcelona pressed for an inevitable equalizer with Lionel Messi again central . After clipping the post a few minutes earlier , his mazy run found him enough space to stroke a ball across the penalty box that was gleefully tapped in by Pedro . And when David Villa scored with a brilliant second half free kick , it looked like Barcelona would start their defense of the crown with an impressive win against one of the strongest teams in European football . But Thiago Silva 's late , late header shared the points . Elsewhere in Europe goals were in short supply . It took Chelsea 72 minutes to break the deadlock against German side Bayer Leverkusen in Group E , Brazilian defender David Luiz curling in a right foot shot from Fernando Torres ' lay off . Spain international Torres was again the provider when he unselfishly squared the ball to compatriot Juan Mata with the match going into injury time , sealing a 2-0 victory . Arsenal had their hopes of an early away victory against Borussia Dortmund in Group F dashed late on when an incredible Ivan Perisic volley cancelled out Robin van Persie 's first half strike . The result of the night , however , came from Cyprus where Apoel Nicosia came from a goal down against Russian champions Zenit St Petersburg with under 20 minutes left to win 2-1 in Group G. Konstatin Zyryanov 's second half strike looked to have sealed victory for Zenit , but two goals in three minutes from Apoel 's Brazilian duo of Gustavo Manduca and Ailton turned the tie on its head . Elsewhere in Group G Porto got their campaign off to a winning start by beating nine-man Shakhtar Donetsk 2-1 in Portugal . Striker Kleber made it a good night for Brazilians playing in Europe after scoring the winning goal in the second half . Belgian side Genk fought a creditable 0-0 draw against Spain 's Valencia in Group E , whilst Czech debutantes Viktoria Plzen also won their first ever Champions League point in Group H with a 1-1 home draw against BATE Borisov from Belarus . In Group F Didier Deschamps ' Marseilles got their Champions League challenge off to the best possible start against Greek side Olympiakos . Argentina midfielder Lucho González ' scored the only goal of a game that saw Olympiakos reduced to ten men after substitute Rod Fanni was shown a straight red card for a reckless challenge .	AC Milan score an injury-time equalizer against Barcelona Milan had taken the lead in the first minute , before settling for a 2-2 draw Chelsea beat Bayer Leverkusen 2-0 Arsenal concede late , drawing 1-1 with Borussia Dortmund
CNN  -- Alaskan musher Lance Mackey has won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race and set an Iditarod record for most consecutive wins , according to race officials . Mackey , 39 , of Fairbanks has dominated the sport in recent years and is the 2007-2010 Iditarod champion . Mackey completed the 1,049-mile Iditarod race , which was broadcast live on IditarodInsider.com , in just under nine days . He was cheered across the finish line in Nome by family and friends , including his father , Dick Mackey , the 1978 Iditarod champion . The senior Mackey greeted his son at the finish line with a hug , saying , "  You 've done something that will never be repeated , son . " Dick Mackey told race commentators his son "  is highly competitive and he likes to get the best out of his dogs . ... I do n't think anybody trains them any better than he does . " Mackey could be heard on the broadcast microphones speaking to his dog team just before reaching the famous burled arch on Nome 's Front Street , "  Nice , nice . This is so cool . We 're almost there , guys . You did such a good job . " Arriving in Nome at 2:59 p.m. local time , Mackey 's official time was 8 days , 23 hours , 59 minutes and 9 seconds . Mackey , a throat cancer survivor who says he began racing "  at birth , " was inducted into the Alaska Sports Hall of Fame in February "  for capturing multiple titles in two of the world 's longest sled dog races . " Mackey is also a four-time champion of the 1,000-mile Yukon Quest race from Fairbanks to Nome as well as the record holder for the most consecutive first place finishes in that race . Second place in the Iditarod went to Yukon musher Hans Gatt . Past champion musher Jeff King came in third . King , from Denali , Alaska , received praise and gratitude from the Iditarod Trail Committee earlier this season when he donated $ 50,000 toward the 2010 Iditarod prize purse after learning the race was experiencing financial trouble because a shortage of sponsors . More than 54 teams remained on the Iditarod trail headed toward Nome , including rookie Jamaican musher Newton Marshall , who was in 48th place . Marshall trained with Mackey this season in preparation for his first Iditarod run . Fourteen of the original 71 teams that entered this year 's race have scratched en route . A "  Red Lantern " will be presented to the last place finisher in the dog race , an Alaska tradition dating back to 1953 , according to Alaska Magazine .	Alaskan musher Lance Mackey sets Iditarod record for most wins in a row Mackey , a throat cancer survivor , completes 1,049-mile race in just under nine days Mackey 's father , 1978 Iditarod winner , says son "  likes to get the best out of his dogs "
CNN  -- Banana-Sam , a much-loved squirrel-monkey stolen from his enclosure at the San Francisco Zoo , has been safely returned , officials said . The monkey was found Saturday night -- a day after he disappeared from the zoo -- at a park by a passer-by who spotted the primate in the bushes , the San Francisco Police Department said in a statement . The passer-by coaxed the monkey from the bushes into his backpack , and then called the authorities , according to the statement . Police officers brought the monkey to the zoo , where officials determined it was the missing primate . "  Although hungry , trembling and thirsty , Banana-Sam is currently safe back , " the zoo said in a statement . Zoo workers discovered the theft Friday morning , when they found a back perimeter gate had been breached and two holes cut in the mesh fence of the squirrel monkey exhibit . The male monkey , known as Banana-Sam to his keepers , is age 17 , over 12 inches tall and weighs about 2 lbs . Corrine MacDonald , the curator of primates and carnivores , told CNN affiliate KGO earlier Saturday that squirrel monkeys can live into their 20s , saying his relatively advanced age could put him at more risk . Banana Sam ' keepers warned the public that while he looks very cute , he is not a pet -- and can deliver a nasty nip . The curator said such monkeys carry diseases and can cause serious infections if they bite a human . The monkey needs a specialized diet to stay healthy , the zoo says . What motivated the thieves to swipe the monkey is not clear . Common squirrel monkeys are not endangered , and they can be found at pet trade markets -- with such sales illegal in California , the zoo says -- or medical research institutions . MacDonald said the zoo 's other squirrel monkeys were visibly shaken by Banana-Sam 's apparent capture . She said the decision was made to pull them off the exhibit due to concerns about the integrity of the exhibit and that a "  copy-cat " could try to take other monkeys . It was not immediately known when the zoo planned to reopen the exhibit . An unknown person was quick to set up a fake Twitter account in Banana-Sam 's name , following in the path of a cobra that escaped at New York 's Bronx Zoo in March . The snake 's mock Twitter account , with humorous tweets on its supposed whereabouts in New York City , swiftly attracted a large online following . Under the handle @SF_BananaSam , the "  monkey " is now tweeting his way round San Francisco . "  Went to monkey bars in Golden Gate Park playground , left disappointed . #nobananadaiquiri " one post reads . Another says : "  I 'm a funny-looking vegan who ran away from home and who people follow on Twitter . IN other words , A NORMAL SAN FRANCISCAN . " CNN 's Leslie Tripp and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	New : Banana Sam was found in San Francisco park , police say The monkey was deemed in good condition , though hungry , the zoo says Banana Sam is 17 years old and has been in the zoo 's care for years Common squirrel monkeys can give a nasty bite that can quickly become infected
When Novak Djokovic ended Rafael Nadal 's eight-year reign at the Monte Carlo Masters in April , it marked the perfect start to the world No. 1 's clay-court season . But Djokovic 's ensuing performances on clay have n't been anywhere near as impressive . After losing his opening match to Grigor Dimitrov at the Madrid Masters last week , Djokovic fell in the quarterfinals of the Rome Masters on Friday against a player who he previously held a 13-1 record against . Tomas Berdych rallied from a set down to beat Djokovic 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-4 , denting the Serb 's preparations for the French Open , which begins May 26 . Djokovic could n't serve out the match at 5-3 in the second set . "  I lost the concentration , " Djokovic told reporters . "  I started playing more defensively . I played a bad game at 5-3 and the match turned around . He started playing more confidently , stepping into the court and taking advantage of his opportunities . "  It 's a very strange situation . I played very well and was two points from winning . Then the entire match changed and I was a different player . " Djokovic 's defeat opened the door for Nadal and the defending champion continued his mastery over fellow Spaniard David Ferrer . Nadal prevailed 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-2 to improve to 16-1 against Ferrer on clay -- Ferrer won their first match in 2004 -- and set up a showdown with Berdych in a repeat of the 2010 Wimbledon final , which Nadal won . If Nadal claims the title in Rome , he will leapfrog Ferrer to No. 4 in the rankings in time for the French Open seedings . Frenchman Benoit Paire beat Marcel Granollers 6-1 , 6-0 to advance to his first Masters semifinal and will face Roger Federer in the last four . Meanwhile in the women 's draw , a repeat of the Madrid final between the world 's top two failed to materialize when Maria Sharapova withdrew from her quarterfinal with home favorite Sara Errani due to illness . Sharapova , the reigning French Open champion , lost to Serena Williams in straight sets in the Spanish capital . "  I was already a bit off in Madrid and played through it and it came back last night , " Sharapova said . "  And I got sick again and it 's not smart to compete again two or three rounds to win the tournament and with Paris starting next week . "  The doctor thinks I did n't take it easy last week and if I do n't take care of it now , then it might worsen . It is one of those things , and the body is not ready and with a bigger goal around the corner it 's important to make the right and smart decisions . I have a lot of clay matches and so this is not lacking before the French Open . " Williams crushed Carla Suarez Navarro in under an hour to extend her winning streak to a personal best 22 matches and next meets Romanian qualifier Simona Halep in the semifinals . Errani , runner-up to Sharapova at Roland Garros , confronts Victoria Azarenka in the other semifinal .	Tomas Berdych beats Novak Djokovic for only the second time in 15 attempts Djokovic fails to serve out the quarterfinal match in Rome at 5-3 in the second set Rafael Nadal faces Berdych in the last four after beating fellow Spaniard David Ferrer Maria Sharapova withdraws from her quarterfinal because of illness
CNN  -- Australian motorcyclist Casey Stoner claimed his second victory this season while chaos reigned on the track behind him at the French Grand Prix on Sunday . The 2007 world champion moved up to second place in the overall standings above Dani Pedrosa , who was taken to hospital with a broken collarbone after a collision with Marco Simoncelli . The Spaniard had won the third race this season last time out in Portugal after recovering from shoulder surgery , but his championship hopes suffered a blow after 17 of the 28 laps at Le Mans . Pedrosa was passed by Simoncelli but clipped the bike of his fellow Honda rider when he tried to retake second place . Stoner sets MotoGP pace at Le Mans The Italian was later handed a drive-through penalty for an illegal move , relegating him to fifth place and denying the 24-year-old his first podium position . "  I leave here with a broken collarbone and he with a ride-through penalty , good for him ! Yet again I come out worse off , " Pedrosa told the MotoGP website . "  We only just recovered from the nightmare of the last operation and now I 'm hurt again . It is very unfair , I do n't deserve it . "  I was having a good race , the goal was to ensure another podium and I had it in my grasp . Now it counts for nothing . Simoncelli overtook me , I passed him back and I had the better line . He just came into me , releasing the brakes , and I could do nothing . " That incident left seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi as Stoner 's closest chaser , but he was beaten to second place by fellow Italian Andrea Dovizioso . It was still Rossi 's best finish since leaving Yamaha for Ducati , but he trails former teammate Jorge Lorenzo by 31 points . World champion Lorenzo finished fifth to be 12 points clear of Stoner and 18 ahead of Pedrosa as he became the youngest rider to start in 150 grands prix in all classes . The 24-year-old Spaniard had a bad start to the day when he crashed in practice , injuring his finger and wrecking his bike . The race featured several casualties as home hope Randy de Puniet , Loris Capirossi and Cal Crutchlow crashed out -- as did the latter 's Yamaha teammate Colin Edwards , but the veteran American returned to the track to finish 13th . Stoner , in his first season with Repsol Honda , triumphed by more than 14 seconds as he continued the dominance he showed in practice and qualifying to win for the first time at Le Mans . The 25-year-old won the opening race of the season in Qatar , but failed to finish in Jerez as Lorenzo triumphed on home soil , and was third in Portugal as Pedrosa led a Spanish 1-2 .	Casey Stoner avoids mayhem behind him to run away with French MotoGP race Australian finishes 28-lap event 14 seconds clear of Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso Title rival Dani Pedrosa breaks collarbone after crash involving Marco Simoncelli Seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi earns first podium finish since joining Ducati
CNN  -- What was in that meteor that exploded spectacularly over Russia 's Urals region last week ? Radioactive spores ? Tiny Martians ? Kryptonite ? Nope , just rock and a bit of iron , according to Russian scientists who tracked fragments of the meteor to the frozen surface of Lake Chebarkul . Scientists from Urals Federal University found 53 small meteorites on the surface of the lake and believe a larger fragment is under water , said Viktor Grokhovsky , the scientist who led the effort . The fragments point to a rocky meteor with about 10 % iron mixed in , Grokhovsky told CNN . 11 meteor tweets we wish we 'd thought of The meteor exploded Friday in the air near Chelyabinsk , leaving behind nothing but meteorites , thousands of broken windows and some pretty spectacular video of it streaking across the sky before exploding in a noisy , luminous fireball . The explosion startled residents going about their morning business and damaged more than 4,700 buildings , mostly apartments . About 3,500 had been repaired as of Monday , the state-run RIA Novosti news service reported . About 1,000 people suffered injuries , mostly from flying glass . One woman was flown to Moscow for treatment of a spinal injury , state media reported . Russia starts cleanup after meteor strike State officials said 19 people remained hospitalized Monday , RIA Novosti reported . Local officials have estimated the damage at more than 1 billion rubles  $ 33.2 million  , RIA Novosti said . The state applied for 500 million rubles in aid from the federal government to help make repairs , the news service reported . Chelyabinsk Gov. Mikhail Yurevich promised compensation to all those affected , the official Itar-Tass news agency said . Police are also monitoring online auction sites and social media after reports of people trying to sell what they claim to be meteorites from Friday 's explosion , RIA Novosti said . Some of the sellers are asking as much as $ 4,000 each , state-run RT television reported . The U.S. space agency , NASA , said the meteor released nearly 500 kilotons of energy , about 33 times more than the nuclear bomb the United States dropped on Hiroshima , Japan , in 1945 . Opinion : Meteor shows why it is crucial to keep an eye on the sky NASA estimated the meteor 's diameter at 55 feet  17 meters  and said it was the largest reported since 1908 , when a meteor exploded over Tunguska in remote Siberia , destroying 80 million trees over an area of 820 square miles . "  We would expect an event of this magnitude to occur once every 100 years on average , " Paul Chodas of NASA 's Near-Earth Object Program Office at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory said last week . "  When you have a fireball of this size , we would expect a large number of meteorites to reach the surface , and in this case there were probably some large ones . " The event was unrelated to the passage of another , larger asteroid some 17,100 miles from earth on Friday , according to scientists . Opinion : A meteor and asteroid : 1 in 100 million odds 5 things to know about meteors and asteroids CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Michael Pearson wrote and reported in Atlanta . CNN 's Phil Black and Laura Smith-Spark also contributed to this report .	NEW : Black market for claimed meteorites emerges in Russia , state media report Scientists found some small fragments on frozen Lake Chebarkul A larger fragment may be under the frozen surface of the lake , scientists say The explosion Friday damaged thousands of buildings and injured 1,000 people
CNN  -- Tom Crist was enjoying a trip to California , having lunch at a golf course in Palm Springs , when the call that could change his life came . It was officials with the lottery in western Canada , and they were telling him he had won $ 40 million . But instead of making plans for a big spending spree , Crist immediately decided that every dollar -- every single buck -- was to go to charity to honor his late wife . "  I 've been fortunate enough , through my career , 44 years with a company , " he told the CBC News . "  I did very well for myself . I 've done enough that I can look after myself , for my kids , so they can get looked after into the future . I do n't really need that money . " OK , fair enough , but that 's a really big gesture even if you are already set . Crist , who won the jackpot in May , told the CBC that his wife of 33 years , Jan , died almost two years ago of cancer . The lottery jackpot will be placed in trust and will be donated to charities he and his children pick . Yes , he has children , and they are cool with dad giving all the money to good causes . They only asked why he waited seven months to tell them , he said . He told them he was n't sure how to handle it . He wanted to remain anonymous but the rules mandate a picture and an announcement . There 's a picture of him from the lottery folks wearing a ball cap and sunglasses . The lottery proudly announced that Crist played two games by subscription . That is , he paid in advance , and they paid him when he won something . There was no ticket to check . "  I was n't even sure which game I 'd won on , or what the numbers were , " Crist said , according to a news release from the lottery . "  I 've paid for the subscription when I get the renewal notice every year , and then I just file it . Sometimes I 'd get a check for $ 10 or $ 20 , but I never expected this . " He said he did n't even tell his golf partners that day in May that he had won . Crist retired in September as the president and CEO of an electrical products and services wholesale company . The company was sold in late 2012 . Reuters said the deal was for $ 1.14 billion .	Tom Crist says he made enough money as CEO of an electrical products company He wants the money to go to charities in memory of his wife , who died of cancer He did n't tell his children until this week Crist played the lottery by subscription so he did n't get paper tickets
CNN  -- Is there any way to ... well ... defend Roger Goodell ? Well , yes . When everyone is piling on , it 's time to take a breath and say : We need more facts , less reliance on media reports based on anonymous sources and over-heated pundits who are too ready to rush to judgment . As I said on CNN 's Michael Smerconish show on Saturday morning , of course Commissioner Goodell made a huge mistake in his decision to give Ravens running back Ray Rice only a two-game suspension after seeing the videotape of Rice dragging his then-girlfriend , Janay Palmer , unconscious , with apparent indifference , out of an Atlantic City casino elevator on February 15 . Opinion : Why Goodell must go The public uproar that followed the announcement of Rice 's suspension took time , too much time , to register with Goodell . A month later Goodell realized he had made a terrible mistake , sending a wrong message that domestic violence by NFL players was not all that serious and , thus , putting his own professional reputation and the NFL brand at risk . But then he turned in the right direction , following the three basic rules of crisis management , whether in business , politics , or life . First , he acknowledged that he made a mistake and took personal responsibility . He showed that he understood , albeit belatedly , how serious male violence against women is . In his August 28 letter to all NFL owners , Goodell wrote : "  I did n't get it right . Simply put , we have to do better . " In an accompanying memorandum that would be distributed to all personnel in the NFL , he wrote , in bold-faced dark letters , the following : "  Domestic violence and sexual assault are wrong . They are illegal . They are never acceptable and have no place in the NFL under any circumstances . " Voices of domestic violence Second , he laid out a detailed forward-looking mandatory education and training program to implement this policy . Most important , he announced far more severe penalties than before , effective immediately for violations of this bold-faced policy : 1  at least six game suspensions for the first violation , with heavier penalties if facts show more serious offenses , such as violence involving a weapon , choking , repeated striking , against a pregnant woman or in the presence of a child ; and 2  a second offense will result in "  banishment " from the NFL . That 's right , banishment -- with no assumption that a petition for reinstatement will ever be accepted . The third rule is to authorize an independent investigation to answer all the questions and verify the facts . And that is exactly what happened . Of course the emphasis is on the word "  independent . " Two owners , John Mara of the New York Giants and Art Rooney II of the Pittsburgh Steelers , both of whom are attorneys , appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller III to conduct the investigation of how Goodell and the NFL headquarters handled the Rice matter . In their public statement , Mara and Rooney asked Mueller to address specific questions raised in the media , such as "  what efforts were made by league staff to obtain the video of what took place inside the elevator and to determine whether , in fact , the video was ever delivered to someone at the league office and if so what happened to the video after it was delivered . " Mara and Rooney publicly guaranteed that Mueller will have full access to all information and all individuals . They have committed in advance to make the report public . It is safe to assume that anyone who refuses to cooperate with Mueller will be out . I have read about doubts about Mueller 's objectivity because he comes from a large law firm that has ties to the NFL . My response : Nonsense . Robert Mueller is a former United States attorney , senior U.S. Justice Department official , and one of the most respected FBI directors in history . Opinion : Curb Goodell 's power over discipline Washington is a tough town . I do n't know of a single person in DC who knows Mueller who does n't regard him as "  untouchable " -- a modern-day Eliot Ness , tough with the highest level of integrity . If Mueller finds that Roger Goodell lied about not seeing the second videotape or about what he was told by Ray Rice on July 16 when they met behind closed doors , Goodell will no longer be NFL commissioner . And Goodell knows that . So while Commissioner Goodell made some serious mistakes and dug himself and the NFL into a deep hole , he did a pretty good job of crisis management , especially conveying once and for all how seriously the NFL views domestic violence . Now after all the media and pundit frenzy , it is up to all of us to take a breath and wait for Mr. Mueller to complete his work -- and to let proven , verified facts speak louder and more persuasively than innuendo and anonymous sources . If only we could do that . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly described Ray Rice 's football position . He is a running back . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Lanny Davis : Roger Goodell mishandled the Ray Rice case He says the NFL commissioner has followed the right course in responding to crisis Davis : Give the investigation time to play out before deciding Goodell 's fate
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities have had significant successes against drug traffickers , President Felipe Calderon said in his fourth annual state-of-the-nation speech Thursday , noting that three major kingpins have been captured or killed in the past year . In addition , Calderon said , authorities have arrested 125 cartel cell leaders or lieutenants and captured 5,108 hit men since he took office in December 2006 . The war on organized crime he heightened after taking office also has led to the confiscation of $ 10 billion worth of drugs and the seizure of 34,000 motor vehicles , nearly 500 aircraft , 365 boats and 80,000 firearms , of which 50,000 were assault rifles , Calderon said . Calderon 's remarks came just days after the federal police captured Edgar "  La Barbie " Valdez Villarreal , one of the country 's most wanted drug traffickers . The arrest was viewed as a solid victory for Calderon 's operation against the cartels . However , violence in some parts of the country , particularly near the border , continue unabated . Other victories for Calderon this year included the killing of another drug kingpin , Arturo Beltran Leyva in December , and the subsequent arrest of his brother , Carlos Beltran Leyva . In January , authorities arrested Teodoro "  El Teo " Garcia Simental , another top trafficker . Garcia Simental was a top lieutenant of the Tijuana cartel until he defected to the rival Sinaloa cartel after a power struggle . Another top leader of the Sinaloa cartel , Ignacio "  Nacho " Coronel , was killed in a raid in July . According to the Mexican government , more than 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence since Calderon intensified the government 's fight against drug cartels and organized crime after taking office in December 2006 .	President Felipe Calderon lays out his record in state-of-the-nation speech Three drug lords were captured or killed this year , the president says Authorities also have arrested 125 cartel cell leaders or lieutenants , he says
PEOPLE.com  -- There may be an extra place setting around Jack Wagner 's dinner table this holiday season -- and not just because he and longtime girlfriend Heather Locklear are no longer together . Wagner , 52 , discovered earlier this month that he has a long-lost 23-year-old daughter from a "  fling " he had with the girl 's mother in the late 1980s , TMZ reports . The girl , named Carrie , introduced herself to Wagner backstage at a November 4 concert in Boca Raton , Florida . where the actor was performing with Rick Springfield . Less than two weeks after the encounter , Wagner and Locklear announced they had called off their engagement , saying planning their wedding was not allowing them enough time to spend with their children . Reports say Carrie , who was given up for adoption as an infant , had recently tried to track down her birth parents , a search that led her Wagner . Sources told TMZ that the two embraced at the Florida concert and , at a later performance , Wagner introduced her to the entire audience . The newly expanded family appeared in public this week at the taping of the Hollywood Christmas Parade Tree Lighting Concert at Universal Citywalk , which will air December 12 on the Hallmark Channel . Carrie and Wagner 's two other children cheered their father on as he performed two songs . "  They were completely having fun , " according to an onlooker . " -LSB- Wagner -RSB- was in great spirits with his family . They were all celebrating together . The kids totally supported their dad , which was really cute . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jack Wagner discovered earlier this month that he has a long-lost 23-year-old daughter The girl , named Carrie , introduced herself to Wagner backstage at a concert Reports say Carrie , who was given up for adoption as an infant
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A taxi driver in Thailand has been charged with murder after allegedly stabbing an American with a machete during a fare dispute . Police said they arrested Cherdchai Utamacha in Bangkok over the weekend , hours after closed-circuit television footage showed him attacking Troy Lee Pilkington , an American citizen who had lived in Thailand for three years . Authorities allege that Cherdchai told police he was infuriated after Pilkington accused him of cheating and threw coffee in his face as the two argued over how much the American owed for a taxi ride . The fare was 51 Thai baht  about $ 1.60  , according to police , who interrogated the driver . Security camera footage helped police track down the suspect quickly , Col. Thawatkiet Jindakuansanong said . "  When we traced the man to a house in Bangkok , we still saw blood stains on his shirt  and  shoes , " he said . Police said the driver smacked and stabbed Pilkington multiple times . They have not released a cause of death pending autopsy results .	Police arrest driver in Bangkok after viewing security footage The victim was an American who had lived in Thailand for three years
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Actor Ricardo Montalban , star of the hit TV series "  Fantasy Island , " died Wednesday in Los Angeles , a family spokesman said . Ricardo Montalban attends the opening of a theater named for him in 2004 in Hollywood , California . Montalban , 88 , was in deteriorating health over the past several days but "  died peacefully " at 6:30 a.m. at his home , son-in-law Gilbert Smith said . He understood "  it was his time , " Smith said . The cause of death was not given . Montalban rose to prominence as one of the most visible Hispanic actors in post-war Hollywood in the 1950s and 1960s . But his star grew as he took on television roles as the mysterious host Mr. Roarke on the hit drama "  Fantasy Island " and as Captain Kirk 's archnemesis Khan Noonien Singh in "  Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan . " Born in Mexico City , Mexico , on November 25 , 1920 , Montalban knew at an early age that he wanted to be an actor . He moved to Hollywood as a teenager , and his first big break came when he was cast in a small part in a 1941 play , Tallulah Bankhead 's "  Her Cardboard Lover . " After starring in 13 Spanish-language films in Mexico , Montalban made his American feature film debut in 1947 in "  Fiesta . " Montalban became a member of the MGM stable and was often cast in the role of the steamy Latin lover opposite such female stars as Lana Turner and Esther Williams . While working on "  Across the Wide Missouri " with MGM 's biggest star , Clark Gable , Montalban suffered an injury to his spinal cord that , despite surgery , would plague him for decades to come , according to Turner Classic Movies . It was during this early stage in his career that Montalban dedicated himself to changing Hollywood 's stereotypes of Latinos . "  When I first came to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer under contract in 1945 , that 's when the image was at its worst , " Montalban said . "  They did n't realize that by trying to be colorful , they were very insulting . " Montalban played a wide range of film roles over the years , often relishing the chance to play in comedies . As he approached midlife in the 1960s , Montalban made numerous guest appearances on television shows including "  The Untouchables " and "  The Lieutenant , " eventually landing a recurring role as Damon West on the popular medical drama "  Dr. Kildare . " During this period , Montalban secured his place in science-fiction history playing the evil but charismatic Khan in the first season of "  Star Trek . " Montalban 's dignified demeanor and rich accent added flair to the small screen on a number of television shows . It also established him as a popular pitchman for Maxwell House Coffee and Chrysler . It was the role of the wise and benevolent Mr. Roarke on the 1970 's hit TV series "  Fantasy Island " that perhaps earned Montalban his greatest number of fans , something he called "  very rewarding . " iReport.com : Share your memories of Montalban But he said he tired of hearing fans shouting "  Zee plane , zee plane " when they saw him . The line was featured in the show 's opening credits by another character , Tattoo . "  They think they are the only ones that thought of saying that , " he told CNN during the 1990s . "  People mean well , but the joke gets a little tired at times . " Montalban never tired of fighting for the rights of Latinos in Hollywood . For almost 20 years , he served as president of Nosotros , an organization he founded for the advancement of Hispanics in the entertainment industry . "  The ideals of Nosotros continue . As our community of Latinos in show business increases , so will our participation in all of the many aspects of our industry , " he said in 1987 .	Montalban 's health was deteriorating , but he "  died peacefully " in his home Montalban rose to fame as one of MGM 's most visible Hispanic actors in 1950s The Mexican-born actor was best known for his roles on "  Fantasy Island , " "  Star Trek " Montalban was dedicated to changing Hollywood 's stereotypes of Latinos
CNN  -- However crude the calculation , especially amid all the civilian casualties , the winners and losers in the Israel-Gaza conflict are already reshaping political alliances in the Middle East . Before the last rocket was fired , before U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced the cease-fire , there was already a consensus building among stakeholders and analysts that the events of the last week have transformed the fortunes of many in the Middle East . Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , clearly underestimated , deftly navigated what is a minefield of competing interests , including those of his own country . "  For a civilian president in Egypt perceived as a weak leader , he has , much to everyone 's surprise , delivered , " says Aaron David Miller , a Middle East scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Center . Egypt and Morsy proved ` pivotal ' in Gaza cease-fire talks Morsy proved he has the leverage necessary to bring Hamas to the table and get its leadership to agree to a cease-fire . Brokering that deal has given him much needed political capital in both the Arab world and the United States . This was a qualified victory as well for Israel and its tenacious Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Just months before an election , Netanyahu 's government targeted and killed Hamas ' military leader , Ahmed al-Jaabari . Hundreds of airstrikes on Gaza followed , but the real victory here might have been the combat debut of Iron Dome , the U.S.-funded defense shield that kept dozens of Hamas rockets from hitting Israeli civilians . Ironically , though , Hamas has emerged emboldened from this conflict and its truce . "  Hamas has emerged stronger , it has consolidated its control over Gaza and it has gained now more legitimacy , " explains Miller . In the eyes of the Palestinian people , the militant leaders of Gaza took on Israel more boldly than ever before , firing rockets farther than ever before . And they may yet manage to get an easing of the Gaza economic blockade if a more comprehensive deal can be reached . Timeline : Israel-Gaza conflict "  Look what they accomplished ; they , rather than  President Mahmoud  Abbas , has put the Palestinian issue back on the international stage , " says Miller . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and his Fatah faction have lost much in this conflict . He was supposed to be the moderate peace broker who could finally forge a new deal with Israel . Now he can not even claim to speak for all Palestinians and has shown that he has no leverage with Hamas , his archrival . And then there 's Iran , on the outside looking in but always a player when it comes to Hamas . Iran 's hand now arguably has been weakened after this episode . The Iron Dome shot hundreds of its missiles out the sky . While Israel has always accused Iran of smuggling weapons to Hamas through the Egyptian border , Iran today implicitly confirmed it . "  Gaza is under siege , so we can not help them . The Fajr-5 missiles have not been shipped from Iran . Its technology has been transferred  there  and are being produced quickly , " Mohamed Ali Jafari , the head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard , is quoted as saying by the Iranian news agency ISNA . The question now : If Israel attacks Iran , can Iran still call on Hamas to retaliate with missiles or have they been rendered ineffective with an ever-improving Iron Dome ? In just a matter of days , with one truce , allies and enemies in the region have shifted , and this will certainly affect any future peace negotiations . How the Middle East has changed since the last Gaza conflict	Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy shows value of his leverage with Hamas Hamas gains more influence , leaving Mahmoud Abbas and Fatah on the sidelines Israel 's Iron Dome proved its worth by foiling missiles many say came from Iran
New York  CNN  -- The man who pleaded guilty to two counts of second-degree vehicular manslaughter after driving a speedboat into a barge on the Hudson River , killing a bride-to-be and her fiance 's best man , was sentenced to two years in jail Tuesday , prosecutors said . Jojo John , 36 , was piloting a 19-foot Stingray powerboat around 10:40 p.m. on July 26 , 2013 , when it slammed into one of three construction barges strapped together near the Tappan Zee Bridge , 25 miles north of Manhattan , hurling Lindsey Stewart and Mark Lennon into the river , resulting in their deaths , according to court documents . John 's blood alcohol level was found to be 0.15 , nearly twice the legal limit of .08 , and "  cocaine metabolites " were found in his system , prosecutors said . "  The defendant 's reckless decision to drive a speedboat while under the influence of alcohol and drugs tragically caused the untimely deaths of two innocent people , " Rockland County District Attorney Thomas Zugibe said in a statement . "  The sentence imposed today is more than justified , " Zugibe said , adding that two years in Rockland County jail will give John "  time to reflect on his thoughtless actions . " John and four others , including groom-to-be Brian Bond , were injured . John was arrested while recovering from his injuries at Nyack Hospital . Stewart and Bond were to be married two weeks later , according to family , with Lennon as best man . In a statement , John 's attorney , David Narain , said his client "  is truly remorseful for his actions . " "  While justice is difficult to achieve in a case such as this , we hope that the victims and their families find some form of justice in today 's disposition , " Narain said . "  Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with them as they deal with this tragic event . " CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Jojo John crashed a speedboat into a barge in July 2013 , killing two boat passengers Prosecutors say he was under the influence of alcohol and drugs when the crash occurred The crash victims were bride-to-be Lindsey Stewart and Mark Lennon , her fiance 's best man
CNN  -- The mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 appeared to deepen as reports emerged that passengers ' cell phones continued to ring long after the flight went missing Saturday . After the torment of not knowing what has happened to their loved ones , relatives of MH370 passengers had resorted to calling their phones , and were greeted with ringtones . The aircraft disappeared unexpectedly from tracking early Saturday . No distress call from the pilots was received , and search efforts to date have not yielded any conclusive results , only adding to the uncertainty surrounding the fate of the Beijing-bound flight . Speculation quickly mounted on social media that these "  phantom calls " amounted to evidence that the flight had not crashed , as has been widely assumed . "  Frustrated ! ... There are reports from family members that phone calls to their missing loved ones have ` rung through , ' indicating the phones are n't on the bottom of the ocean , " one Facebook user surmised . However , technology industry analyst and "  E-Commerce Times " columnist , Jeff Kagan told CNN that no conclusions can be reached concerning the ringing phones . When a cell phone rings , he told "  The Situation Room , " it first connects with the network and attempts to locate the end-user 's phone . "  If it does n't find the phone after a few minutes , after a few rings , then typically , it disconnects and that 's what 's happening , " he said . "  So , they 're hearing ringing and they 're assuming it 's connecting to their loved ones , but it 's not . It 's the network sending a signal to the phone letting them know it 's looking for them . " Kagan told Wolf Blitzer that the technology meant he could n't speculate on what ringing phones in this situation could mean . "  Just because you 're getting ringing , just because the signs that we see on these cell phones , that 's no proof that there 's any -- that 's just the way the networks work . " What is a transponder ? Crowdsourcing volunteers comb satellite photos for Malaysia Airlines jet What we know and do n't know CNN 's Wilfred Chan contributed to this report	Passengers ' ringing cell phones led to speculation that flight MH370 had n't crashed Aircraft 's disappearance remains shrouded in mystery "  Phantom call " theory inconclusive , CNN hears
CNN  -- There 's no evidence the heated political environment played any role in the shooting spree that left Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in critical condition and killed six others , but observers say if nothing else , the tragedy will force politicians to re-evaluate their rhetoric . Militant-themed messages and speeches laced with fear have marked recent dialogue in Washington and on the campaign trail , but in the aftermath of the massacre in Arizona , lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are calling on their colleagues to tone it down . "  An event like this really ought to make us rethink the way we speak to each other every day about politics and policy in the country , especially in the Congress , " said Thomas Benson , professor of rhetoric at Penn State University . The night before Saturday 's shooting in Tucson , Arizona , Giffords issued a new call for more civility in politics . She sent an e-mail to outgoing Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson , a Republican , that included a remark about the need to "  tone our rhetoric and partisanship down . " Giffords e-mail : Need to ` tone our rhetoric and partisanship down ' The suspected shooter 's motive is unclear , but Pima County , Arizona , Sheriff Clarence Dupnik was quick to criticize the "  vitriolic rhetoric " heard on the radio and television . "  That may be free speech , but it 's not without consequences , " he said Saturday . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's political aide removed a controversial Web post this weekend that featured cross hairs over the congressional districts of 20 Democratic candidates , including Giffords . A Palin aide denied the Web posting from the 2010 congressional campaign was designed to incite violence . Adviser : Linking Palin to shootings ` appalling ' Florida conservative radio host Joyce Kauffman took heat after remarking at a Tea Party rally , "  If ballots do n't work , bullets will . " Biting language has also come from those on the left , with Democrats and President Obama pegging Republicans as "  hostage takers . " Despite all the nastiness , Richard Vatz , professor of political communication at Towson University in Maryland , said the notion that the rhetoric caused the violence is "  fallacious . " That connection , he said , is born out of recognition that such violent incidents ca n't be eradicated . "  The motive I think is the frustration that a congresswoman can be shot and that a judge can be killed and that an utterly innocent little girl can be killed and we ca n't preventatively stop these matters . The frustration is that we can not stop this , " Vatz said . Poll : Charged speech not to blame for Arizona attacks David Gergen , a senior political analyst for CNN , said that until the gunman 's motive is clear , pointing fingers "  only contributes to what we must end in America : a toxic political environment . " "  This is not a moment to point fingers and make accusations . But it is a time to pray for the victims -- and to pledge to each other that we will struggle for a more civil and decent America , " he wrote in a commentary on CNN.com . Despite the disconnect between cause and effect , Vatz said he predicts there will be a softening of the tone on Capitol Hill as Congress returns to business as usual . "  There will be an effort to avoid incendiary rhetoric . But as to whether that will have any effect in a macro sense on nationwide violence , I think it will not , " he said . Before the shooting at the Arizona political meet-and-greet , House lawmakers were preparing to vote on the repeal of the health care legislation this week . The debate leading up to the passage of the Democrats ' health care plan was bitterly partisan , and the attempt to repeal the legislation was expected to be equally volatile . The House of Representatives instead decided to postpone all legislation scheduled for this week , replacing the health care vote with a resolution to honor the victims of the tragedy . The question remains whether Congress will be able to take up such an emotional and divisive issue without the negativity that surrounded the debate last year . House action postponed "  It is n't just a question of heated rhetoric . Of course , we are going to have heated rhetoric , " said Benson , the Penn State professor , "  but even with extreme partisanship there can be and needs to be civility . " Vatz said an avoidance of the more incendiary language could last "  as long as the sensitivity to the possibility of a connection between violence and language is around . " "  But I think it will have diminishing returns . I think eventually the language will ratchet up again , " he said . Benson said that while the impact of words is difficult to measure , language can create an atmosphere , evoke emotion and drive people apart . "  Rhetoric can definitely have severe consequences or we would n't employ it , " he said .	Militant-themed messages and speeches laced with fear mark political dialogue Lawmakers on both sides of aisle call on colleagues to tone it down The notion that rhetoric caused the violence is "  fallacious , " professor says Health care debate looms again in House ; it could be volatile
CNN  -- It was n't enough that jurors at the federal trial of James "  Whitey " Bulger had to sort out sometimes graphic testimony from 72 witnesses and the 32 criminal counts against the reputed Boston mobster . They had to gauge the believability of unsavory criminals who had taken plea deals . "  You were n't sure what you could believe or what you could n't believe , " juror Janet Uhlar said Tuesday . Testimony revealing deep-seated corruption in the FBI and government during Bulger 's heyday left Uhlar disgusted with a justice system she called "  tainted , " even now . "  Almost every witness that came through for the prosecution , I just had this feeling like it 's tainted . It 's tainted , " said Uhlar , a pediatric nurse and the author of several books on the American Revolution . She spoke to CNN in her first interview since the jury on Monday found Bulger guilty of 31 counts . The juror spoke succinctly when asked to describe her gut thoughts about some of the trial 's key witnesses . Bulger hit man John Martorano : "  Absolutely disgusting . " Bulger crime partner Stephen Flemmi : "  I ca n't cuss on TV . " Mob enforcer Kevin Weeks : "  Scary . Still scary . ... " Disgraced FBI supervisor John Morris : "  There 's no words . There 's no words , absolutely disgusting . I felt like a traitor . " Still , Uhlar and her 11 fellow jurors found Bulger guilty of extortion , money laundering , drug dealing and weapons possession . They found he was responsible for 11 of 19 murders under a wide-reaching racketeering charge . Bulger , who turns 84 in two weeks , faces a maximum sentence of up to life , plus 30 consecutive years in prison . Uhlar called Bulger an "  old , tired man " and said she was n't convinced he was a government informant , as prosecutors had alleged . Known as Juror Number 12 , Uhlar told CNN the government "  enticed " many Bulger associates to testify by giving them "  extremely outrageous deals . " "  When you think if Martorano killed 20 people in cold blood and basically got a slap on the hand in less than a year for each of those murders . I mean , for me , that was huge . That was huge . " Prosecuting attorney Fred Wyshak , in closing arguments , defended the government 's plea deals with gangsters , three of whom together implicated Bulger in the 19 murders and various acts of extortion . "  The government did n't choose them , Bulger chose them , " Wyshak said . "  The only thing worse than making a deal with  former hit man  John Martorano would have been not making a deal with John Martorano . " Wyshak said the government "  held its nose and made the deal . " James ` Whitey ' Bulger : Fast Facts Uhlar criticized Morris , who testified about leaking confidential information that led to the murders of Bulger crime associate Brian Halloran and Michael Donahue , an innocent truck driver caught in the crossfire . "  Morris walks away having been actually involved in two murders -- Halloran and Donahue -- and gets promotions and retires at a nice old age with a full pension , " Uhlar said . Like it did with many key witnesses , the government cut a deal with Morris . In exchange for his testimony , Morris would not be charged as an accessory to murder and would get to keep his pension . In court , he apologized to Donahue 's family for leaking information that eventually made its way to the reputed South Boston crime boss and cost Donahue his life . Bulger declined to take the stand in his defense , telling the judge , outside the jury 's presence , that his trial was "  a sham " and claiming he had been given immunity for his crimes by a corrupt prosecutor . Bulger never specified what he gave in exchange for that alleged immunity . The judge barred Bulger 's defense team from bringing it up at trial , saying there is never any immunity for murder . Gangster justice : How mobsters met their fates Uhlar said that aside from the testimony of Bulger 's cronies , she and the other jurors could find no supporting evidence in several murders that they ruled "  not proved . " She said the jurors believed it was not Bulger , but his crime partner Flemmi , who killed Deborah Hussey and Debra Davis , both 26 . "  Whether Bulger was present with Debbie Davis , that was something we could n't agree on , " said Uhlar . "  With Hussey , we also felt that Flemmi killed her . Now , was Bulger present or not ? He had been involved and present at the other two murders in that same house , so it was hard to remove him from that . So yeah , but we felt pretty strongly that Flemmi was the one that killed the two women . " His defense lawyer said Bulger was "  very pleased " by both the trial and its outcome . "  It was important to him that the government corruption be exposed , and important to him that people see first hand the deals that the government was able to make with certain people , " attorney Jay Carney told reporters Monday . Prosecutors offered up extortion victim after extortion victim to show Bulger conspired to collect "  rent " from operating criminals in South Boston . Uhlar said she is convinced Bulger was guilty . But she is still troubled by what she calls a "  free pass " for those called by the prosecution in their pursuit of Bulger . "  It was just pretty sickening to sit there and hear some of the testimony and the corruption with government and that -- at one point , I think one of the prosecuting attorneys talking about money laundering . And they were explaining once the tainted money goes into anything , every bit of money that now comes from that is now tainted . And I felt that way about the trial itself in a very real sense . " Uhlar said she is haunted by the vivid descriptions of killing after killing . "  It 's still with me , " the juror said . "  It 's hard to believe human beings can do this to other human beings . ... I told my sisters , I 'm different , I 'm never going to be the same . Really , I ca n't be the same after this . " WBZ : Another juror speaks about the deliberations CNN 's Ross Levitt , Kristina Sgueglia and Laura Batchelor contributed to this report .	Government "  enticed " some witnesses , Janet Uhlar says A jury finds Bulger responsible for the murder of 11 people , guilty of racketeering Juror talks with CNN about deliberations , judicial system Uhlar calls some prosecuting testimony "  sickening "
CNN  -- Defending champion Andy Roddick advanced to the quarterfinals of the season-opening Brisbane International in Australia with a 6-4 6-1 triumph over Ukrainian Alexandr Dolgopolov on Wednesday . The 28-year-old recovered from an early break of serve to record his straight-sets victory in 56 minutes . The second seed will now face Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis in the last eight . World number eight Roddick was pleased with his performance and his ability to execute his game plan at the Pat Rafter Arena . "  The scouting report was that he -LSB- Dolgopolov -RSB- was aggressive to the point of psychosis at times , " Roddick told the ATP World Tour 's official website . What were the top tennis moments of 2010 ? "  It was my plan to make him have to come up with those kinds of shots for the better part of a couple of hours and it caught up to him a little bit . Then when it caught up to him it got away from him pretty quickly . " Baghdatis eased past Polish opponent Lukasz Kubot 6-2 6-2 to set up his meeting with the 2003 U.S. Open champion Roddick . American fourth seed Mardy Fish was beaten 6-3 6-1 by Radek Stepanek . The Czech , who won the title in 2009 , will next face German seventh seed Florian Mayer . In the women 's draw , fourth seed Marion Bartoli earned a place in the quarterfinals with a 6-1 3-6 6-0 defeat of Czech Iveta Benesova . Bartoli , who is the highest seeded player left in the draw , will next play Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic . Elsewhere , John Isner earned a 7-6 4-6 6-4 success against Potito Starace to help edge the U.S. one step closer to the Hopman Cup final after a 2-1 win over Italy in Group B. Bethanie Mattek-Sands gave the American team a 1-0 lead in Perth , with a win over world number seven Francesca Schiavone before the 25-year-old Isner secured an unassailable lead for the pairing . Italy did manage to clinch the final rubber with a 6-7  5-7  6-2 10-3 victory in the mixed doubles , winning the match tie-break to keep alive their hopes alive . The U.S. now need to win two rubbers in their match against Britain 's Andy Murray and Laura Robson to guarantee their participation in Saturday 's final . "  We 're in the driver 's seat right now , " Isner , ranked 32 in the world , told the Hopman Cup website . "  But nothing 's set in stone that 's for sure . "  I know Great Britain is good and France is still good and everybody is still alive so we ca n't let up any . Hopefully we 'll get out of our group and go into the final . " France bounced back from Monday 's 3-0 defeat by the U.S. to beat Britain 2-1 with a 6-4 6-2 victory in the decisive doubles . Kristina Mladenovic beat 16-year-old Laura Robson 6-4 3-6 6-0 , but world No. 4 Andy Murray leveled the tie with a 7-6  7-3  7-6  7-5  win over Nicolas Mahut before the French gave the UK duo a second successive reverse this week . In New Zealand , top seeds Maria Sharapova and Yanina Wickmayer moved into the quarterfinals of the Auckland Classic , but No. 3 Svetlana Kuznetsova , Elena Vesnina , Sofia Arvidsson and Carla Suarez Navarro all crashed out . Russia 's Sharapova will next play Hungary 's Greta Arn and defending champion Wickmayer of Belgium faces Romania 's Simona Halep , but both were taken to three sets . Halep went through when seventh seed Vesnina withdrew due to illness , while fellow Russian Kuznetsova was beaten 2-6 6-4 6-4 by China 's Peng Shuai . Arn saved five match-points before defeating eighth seed Arvidsson 4-6 7-5 7-5 , while No. 9 Suarez Navarro was upset 7-6  7-5  6-1 by 18-year-old British qualifier Heather Watson .	Andy Roddick is into the quarterfinals of the Brisbane International in Australia Defending champion will now play Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis in the last eight Fourth seed Marion Bartoli is into the quarterfinals of the women 's draw The U.S. beat Italy 2-1 to move one step closer to the final of the Hopman Cup
CNN  -- I have a confession to make . In the 2005 Chicago Marathon , I did not finish in 3 hours , 11 minutes . That 's the time I 've reported to those who 've asked about my PR  Personal Record  and it is , quite frankly , wrong . I actually ran a 3:12 . The mistake is mine . These days , with those little plastic chips attached to sneakers  they record a runner 's time from the moment he crosses the starting line to the finish line -- not merely from the moment the gun goes off  , there 's a difference between one 's stated time and his official time . I was always under the impression that 3:11 was my official time . Then -- oops -- last night I checked . It was , I confess once again , 3:12 . Shame , thy name is Pearlman . This is a long-winded way of saying that Paul Ryan and I have something in common . He , like I , exaggerated his marathon PR as well , recently boasting to conservative talk-radio host Hugh Hewitt of a "  two hour and 50-something " clocking over 26.2 miles . When I first heard of the blunder from the Republican vice-presidential candidate , I empathized . Hey , maybe "  two hour and 50-something " was actually 3:02 . Or even 3:05 . I mean , memories get foggy , chips malfunction , the cranial lobes shut down after such a strenuous endeavor . News : Ryan walks back exaggerated marathon time Then , ahem , the good folks at Runner 's World did a little digging and , eh , ahem , uh -- well , Ryan 's time was , ahem , eh , uh -- 4:01:25 . Double glub . In the congressman 's defense , the race occurred 22 years back , in the Duluth-based Grandma 's Marathon . That 's a long time ago . And yet -- no . No , no , no , no , no . There is no possible explanation for a four-hour marathoner claming he 's a three-hour marathoner . None . Zero . Nilch . Having been a runner for the last 32 years , and having competed for a season of track and cross country at the University of Delaware  I was arguably one of the nation 's worst 100 Division I runners  , and having completed 11 marathons , I can tell you -- with 100 % certainty -- that when Paul Ryan says  more or less  , "  Oops , simple mistake , " he is full of it . For those of you who do n't run , a 4:01 marathoner insisting he broke three hours is the equivalent of a .220 hitter speaking of a .310 average . It 's a retired small-town mayor looking back at his time as a U.S. senator ; a dive-bar rock band bragging of once opening for KISS at Madison Square Garden . In this world of ours , there are exaggerations  "  She looked just like Halle Berry ! "  , there are boasts  "  Hell , gim me a week in the pool and I 'll destroy Michael Phelps ! "  and there are flat-out , straight-up , no-holds-barred lies . This is a flat-out , straight-up , no-holds-barred lie . Of course , in and of itself , perhaps Ryan 's fib is n't such a big deal . The world is filled with once-upon-a-time jocks recalling glory that , truth be told , was n't all that glorious .  Is n't this what high school reunions are made for ? But when it comes to Wisconsin 's favorite son , a lie -- in this case about a marathon time -- is n't such an isolated occurrence . In case you missed the Republican convention , Ryan 's speech was an unambiguous ode to mistruth . Among other dandies , he ripped the president for ignoring the Simpson-Bowles commission recommendations -- even though Ryan voted against its final report ; claimed the American people were "  cut out " of stimulus spending when , actually , more than a quarter of all stimulus dollars went for tax relief for workers . On and on and on and on . Here 's the strangest thing of all : A 4:01:25 marathon is no joke . OK , Paul Ryan was never going to be the next Alberto Salazar or Rod Dixon . But there 's something to be said for the mediocre jock who trains his butt off , loads up on energy gel and fights his way through 26.2 miles . Just as easily as lying , the man could have talked about fighting through the wall at 18 miles ; about seeing his family cheer him on from the side of the road ; about crossing the finish line and feeling downright  hey !  Reaganesque in the moment . Truth be told , there 's no shame in being average . There 's only shame in refusing to accept it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman says one 's official marathon record is not something a runner takes lightly So Paul Ryan claiming to have run 26.2 miles in under three hours seemed amazing , he says His time was really 4:01 . Ryan says he forgot ; Pearlman says this is bogus and a Ryan pattern Pearlman : Ryan getting known for distorting truth , even about his respectable marathon time
CNN  -- On Wednesday , Apple announced a pretty mind-boggling stat : The 25 billionth song had been downloaded on iTunes . That 's billion . With a b . Since launching the iPod in 2001 , and iTunes in 2003 , Apple has been a leader in digital music , virtually defining the space for competitors like Amazon and Google . Here are five interesting facts about the milestone : 1 . Who did it ? Phillip Lupke of Germany was the lucky downloader . For happening to click at the right nanosecond , he 'll be getting a 10,000-Euro  $ 13,528  iTunes gift card . And it was no easy task . According to Apple , users download an average of 15,000 songs every minute . 2 . What was the tune ? You 've probably never heard of it . Sorry . Hipster moment over . We had n't heard of it either . "  Monkey Drums  Goksel Vancin Remix  " was the jam in question . It 's by Chase Buch , a British DJ and producer who 's well known in the house-music scene . It 's not so big on lyrics . Which is to say , it does n't have any . And it probably comes across better when you 're shaking it in a crowd of sweaty club kids than , say , sipping coffee and doing the New York Times crossword . 3 . Other iTunes milestones 25 millionth song -- "  Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! " Frank Sinatra , 2003 100 millionth -- "  Somersault  Danger Mouse remix  , " by English electronica band Zero 7 , 2004 500 millionth -- "  Mississippi Girl , " Faith Hill , 2005 1 billionth -- "  Speed of Sound , " Coldplay , 2006 10 billionth -- "  Guess Things Happen That Way , " Johnny Cash , 2010 Alex Ostrovsky , from West Bloomfield , Michigan , was the luckiest of downloaders . For the billionth download , he scored a 20-inch iMac , 10 fifth-generation iPods and a $ 10,000 gift card , not to mention a scholarship set up by Apple at the Julliard School of Music in his name . 4 . 25 billion is a lot Obvious , right ? But how much is it ? Well , it 's roughly equal to three-and-a-half songs for every person on Earth . By way of comparison , the Guiness Book of World Records lists "  White Christmas " as the top-selling song of all time at around 100 million copies . Multiply that by 250 and you get 25 billion . Michael Jackson 's "  Thriller " is the No. 1 selling album of all time with more than 42 million certified sales . It would need to do that again almost 600 times to hit 25 billion . For a little more tech industry-specific comparison , Google 's Play Store hit 25 billion downloads in September for mobile apps running on its Android operating system . 5 . More iTunes by the numbers More than 350 million -- number of iPods sold 119 -- number of countries where iTunes is available 26 million -- number of songs available on iTunes More than 1 million -- number of songs sold on iTunes during its first week in April 2003	Apple announces that 25 billion songs have been downloaded from iTunes "  Monkey Drums  Goksel Vancin Remix  , " by British house-music DJ Chase Buch , was the tune Other milestone downloads : Sinatra , Coldplay , Faith Hill and Johnny Cash
CNN  -- Police in the western Chinese region of Xinjiang have arrested 139 people for spreading religious extremism online , officials and state media said , amid a wider crackdown on internet rumors . A spokesman for the Xinjiang government , Luo Fuyong , said that local police had gathered around 900 pieces of evidence of online rumor spreading and arrested at least 256 people . Of those , he said 139 had spread rumors about jihad , or Muslim holy war , mainly through posting videos that showed violent terrorist attacks or taught viewers how to create bombs and explosive devices . "  Jihad and terrorists are the enemy of all human races , " Luo said . The report did not say whether those arrested were Han Chinese or Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking predominantly Muslim ethnic group . The arrests were made from June 26 to August 31 following an outbreak of violence in the remote township , about 250 kilometers southeast of the regional capital Urumqi , that left 35 people dead . Frequent outbreaks of unrest have hit Xinjiang , a resource-rich region where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs . They complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces , despite official promises of equal rights and ethnic harmony . Beijing has found it useful to portray such tensions as the result of outside interference , attempting to cast separatists as part of a global terror network since the 2001 World Trade Center attacks , said Nicholas Dynon , a researcher at Macquarie University in Australia . This strategy undermines sympathies at home and abroad for legitimate grievances of the Uyghurs , he added . "  Conflating international terrorism with domestic separatism is way for Chinese authorities to leverage support for their own issues . " The arrests in Xinjiang come amid a nationwide crackdown on online rumors that critics have said is a way for the government to squash dissent .	Police in Xinjiang arrest 139 people for spreading religious extremism online Arrest comes amid wider crackdown on internet rumors in China Ethnic tensions exist between Han Chinese and predominantly Muslim Uyghurs
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI said Thursday the Catholic Church is "  profoundly and irrevocably committed to reject all anti-Semitism . " Pope Benedict XVI 's meeting with Jewish leaders comes on the heels of controversy . The pope was meeting American Jewish leaders at the Vatican on the heels of a controversy over Holocaust denial . Last month the Vatican lifted the excommunication of a rebel bishop just days after the broadcast of an interview in which he denied the existence of gas chambers and said no more than 300,000 Jews had died in Nazi concentration camps . Scholars have in fact documented approximately 6 million Jewish deaths in the Holocaust . The Vatican has since ordered the bishop , Richard Williamson , to recant , and has said the pontiff was not aware of Williamson 's views on the Holocaust when the excommunication was lifted . The excommunication was not related to Williamson 's views on the Holocaust . On Thursday , Benedict XVI talked about his own visits to the sites of some concentration camps . "  The hatred and contempt for men , women and children that was manifested in the Shoah was a crime against God and against humanity , " the pope said , using the Hebrew word for the Holocaust . He also reiterated his commitment to the groundbreaking Catholic rejection of the centuries-old claim that the Jews killed Jesus . "  Nostra Aetate marked a milestone in the journey towards reconciliation , and clearly outlined the principles that have governed the Church 's approach to Christian-Jewish relations ever since , " Benedict said . Jewish reactions to the pope 's speech were broadly -- but not uniformly -- positive . "  Catholic-Jewish relations are on track , " said Rabbi Arthur Schneier , head of the American Jewish Congress and a Holocaust survivor , who was among the community leaders at the meeting with the pope . "  We may have some setbacks , but when you have that strong bond of trust and friendship ... Then we can face every challenge that comes our way . " The head of Israel 's Holocaust museum , Yad Vashem , also praised the pope 's statement . "  Yad Vashem places importance on the Pope 's unequivocal statement condemning Holocaust denial and any attempts to minimize the scope of the Shoah , " said its chairman , Avner Shalev . "  The Church 's clear public denouncement of all types of anti-Semitism , during his meeting earlier today with American Jewish leaders , is to be welcomed . " But Abraham Foxman , the head of the Anti-Defamation League and another Holocaust survivor , said the Vatican had to match its words with deeds . "  To condemn the anti-Semitism and Holocaust denial and to reinstate into the Church a bishop who is an anti-Semite and an Holocaust denier does not end the issue , " he said . And he urged the pope to expel Williamson from the Church again . "  Every day this man continues to remain a cleric , a bishop in the Church , is an insult to the memory of all these survivors and victims and to the Jewish people , " Foxman said . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome and Kevin Flower in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	NEW : Jewish reaction to pope 's words are broadly but not uniformly positive Pope speaks after meeting with Jewish leaders at the Vatican Meeting comes on heels of controversy involving Holocaust denier Vatican has ordered Holocaust-denying bishop to recant
Ukrainian acting Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said Wednesday that the separatist protests in Ukraine 's eastern region would be resolved within 48 hours -- either through negotiations or the use of force . At the same time , Russia insisted that the presence of its troops just over the border was no reason to worry . The United States and others have accused Russia of fomenting the separatist unrest as a pretext for military intervention . Using classified and commercial satellite imagery , the United States estimates there are up to 40,000 Russian troops on the border with eastern Ukraine . NATO has also warned of a major troop buildup . The U.S. ambassador in Kiev , Geoffrey Pyatt , posted photos via Twitter on Wednesday to illustrate the U.S. estimates . The photos depict what is supposedly a field outside the Russian city of Rostov -- empty in October , filled with troops and armored vehicles on April 2 . A U.S. official with direct knowledge of the matter told CNN those photos "  are consistent " with classified imagery . Washington is sharing some information with the Ukrainians , but not highly classified intelligence , the official said . Ukraine was aligned with Moscow until a month ago , and it is believed Ukraine 's security services are still penetrated by the Russians , the official said . But Russia 's Foreign Ministry said Wednesday that Ukraine and the United States have "  no reason for concern " about the presence of Russian forces , which it says are on military exercises . "  Russia has repeatedly stated that it does not conduct unusual or unplanned activities which are militarily significant on its territory near the border with Ukraine , " the Foreign Ministry said in a prepared statement . It added that accusations that Russia was building up its armed forces were "  groundless . " Asked if he considered the threat of a Russian advance into Ukraine more likely now than last week , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told CNN 's Jim Sciutto , "  We are always vigilant . We are always looking at the options that we need to take . " Hagel said Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's supreme allied commander in Europe , has been asked to develop "  new and additional measures and options . " Meanwhile , the separatist protests in eastern Ukraine have entered their fourth day . Pro-Russian protesters seized government buildings in the cities of Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkiv on Sunday . Rebels who occupied Donetsk 's regional government building a day later -- declaring a "  people 's republic " and calling for a referendum on secession from Ukraine to be held by May 11 -- remained in control of the building Wednesday , holed up behind substantial makeshift barricades . In Kharkiv , more than 70 people were detained Tuesday in what Ukrainian authorities said was an anti-terrorism operation , as security forces cleared a government building of protesters . The 48-hour deadline set by Avakov to end the crisis may escalate the tensions in Ukraine 's eastern region . "  There are two opposite ways for resolving this conflict -- a political dialogue and the heavy-handed approach . We are ready for both , " he said , according to official news agency Ukrinform . On Tuesday , Moscow warned that any use of force to crack down on protests in the region , which borders Russia , could lead to civil war and called for "  the immediate cessation of any military preparations . " Opinion : Turning Crimea into ` Putinland ' ? Hostage reports There were conflicting reports late Tuesday over whether demonstrators who seized control of a Security Service of Ukraine building in Luhansk took hostages . An anti-terrorism unit outside the building said the pro-Russian demonstrators were holding hostages , Victoria Syumar , a Security Service spokeswoman , and Yarema Duh , spokesman for the National Security and Defense Council , told CNN . Fifty-one people were released from the building early Wednesday morning , the Security Service said in a statement . But pro-Russian demonstrators holed up in the building denied having taken anyone hostage , according to Reuters reports . Ukrainian interim President Oleksandr Turchynov reiterated Tuesday that he would treat pro-Russian separatists who have seized buildings in the country 's east as "  terrorists " who will be prosecuted with the full force of the law . His remarks came ahead of a vote in parliament that approved legislation outlawing groups and individuals who call for separatism . Of the 450 members of the Ukrainian parliament , 230 voted in favor of the bill . Kerry : ` Contrived pretext ' for intervention U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry discussed the situation in eastern Ukraine twice on the phone Wednesday with his Russian counterpart , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . The two officials talked about "  the importance of resolving the security situation in key cities in eastern Ukraine peacefully and through dialogue , and they both rejected the use of force to obtain political objectives , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Kerry said Tuesday that Russian forces and special agents were behind what he called the most-recent "  chaos " in eastern Ukraine . He described the developments as "  more than deeply disturbing " and said they amounted to what could be a "  contrived pretext for military intervention just as we saw in Crimea . " Echoing that view , Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski told CNN 's "  Amanpour " show that Russia is financing subversion in eastern Ukraine using the pretext of ethnic tensions . "  What 's happening in Ukraine is unacceptable , " he said . "  A more powerful nation is first taking a province away from a less powerful country and now financing subversion using the pretext of ethnic problems , which are nonexistent . " Kerry will meet Monday with his Russian , Ukrainian and European Union counterparts to discuss efforts to de-escalate the crisis , according to a statement from EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton . Ashton "  calls against any further destabilization of Ukraine , whether from the inside or the outside , " the statement said . German Chancellor Angela Merkel told her country 's parliament Wednesday that "  the situation in the Ukraine remains difficult ... and unfortunately in many places it is not clear how Russia helps the de-escalation of the situation . "  Therefore we will continue to do what we 've been doing : on the one hand pursue a path of dialogue , but on the other hand make clear that in our view Ukraine has a right to its own development . We demand this . Ukraine must decide its own destiny , and in this we will help Ukraine . " Kerry warned of increased sanctions targeting Russia 's banking , energy , mining and arms sectors if the Russians "  cross over " into eastern Ukraine . Current sanctions target individuals over Russia 's annexation of Ukraine 's southeastern Crimean Peninsula last month . U.S. Navy ship headed for Black Sea Similar pattern seen in revolts U.S. officials told CNN on Tuesday that one reason the United States believes Russia may have orchestrated the pro-Russian demonstrations in Donetsk , Luhansk and Kharkiv is that the disturbances and violence had a similar pattern and similar separatist motivations , even though the cities are at significant distances from one another . U.S. officials have long noted that these three cities are specific areas that Moscow has been trying to influence . Although Ukrainian forces have been able to regain control for now , the U.S. assessment is that Russia may be trying to fabricate a pretext for military action using some of the tens of thousands of troops still massed on the border , several U.S. officials told CNN . Even after weeks of tension and uncertainty , the United States does not know what political calculation Russian President Vladimir Putin might make in deciding whether or not to move his troops into Ukraine , officials said . The belief is the decision will be made by Putin with little or no influence from his top military and foreign policy advisers . There is also a U.S. view that Putin may leave the troops on the border for some time to come to intimidate Ukraine 's government , American officials said . Those troops remain positioned so close , and are so heavily armed , that the United States and NATO calculate they could "  roll across " eastern Ukraine in three to five days , one official said . Russia has said it does not intend to invade eastern Ukraine , although it says it reserves the right to intervene to protect ethnic Russians .	Kerry and Lavrov discuss the situation in eastern Ukraine in two phone conversations U.S. ambassador tweets pictures he says show Russian buildup "  We are always vigilant , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says of Russia 's moves Ukraine 's acting interior minister says unrest in eastern region will be resolved in 48 hours
A Federal Aviation Administration official warned this week about the dangers of even small unmanned aircraft , pointing specifically to a recent close call involving a drone and a commercial airliner that could have had "  catastrophic " results . Jim Williams , the head of the FAA 's Unmanned Aircraft Systems  UAS  office , discussed various potential perils during a presentation Thursday to those attending the Small Unmanned Systems Business Expo . A video of his talk in San Francisco , and those of others , to those who operate , create or otherwise are involved or interested in such unmanned aircraft was posted to YouTube . After saying "  the FAA has got to be responsive to the entire industry , " Williams referred to a pair of incidents in which drones caused injuries to people on the ground . One came at an event at Virginia Motor Speedway in which an "  unauthorized , unmanned aircraft " crashed into the stands , and in the other a female triathlete in Australia had to get stitches after being struck by a small drone . Then , Williams segued to a pilot 's recent report of "  a near midair collision " with a drone near the airport in Tallahassee , Florida . The pilot said that it appeared to be small , camouflaged , "  remotely piloted " and about 2,300 feet up in the air at the time of the incident . "  The pilot said that the UAS was so close to his jet that he was sure he had collided with it , " Williams said . "  Thankfully , inspection to the airliner after landing found no damage . But this may not always be the case . " According to the FAA , the incident took place on March 22 and involved as U.S. Airways Flight 4650 going from Charlotte , North Carolina , to Tallahassee . Flightaware.com lists that flight as a CRJ-200 , with a capacity for 50 passengers . The pilot claimed to pass "  an unreported and apparently remotely controlled aircraft ... five miles northeast of the Tallahassee airport , according to the federal agency . Such close calls are rare , the FAA notes . The pilot reported that the small unmanned aircraft involved looked similar to an F-4 Phantom jet , and not like a helicopter that might hold a camera that many associate more closely with drones . Such planes have gas turbine engines and can fly higher than an average drone , according to the FAA . Neither the drone in this case , nor its pilot , have been identified . In its own statement , US Airways said that it was aware of this reported "  incident with one of our express flights , and we are investigating . " Explaining why this event is significant , Williams referenced to the so-called "  Miracle on the Hudson " from 2009 , when US Airways Flight 1549 safely crash-landed in New York 's Hudson River after striking at least one bird upon takeoff from LaGuardia Airport . Airplane crash-lands into Hudson River Such bird strikes are dangerous enough ; a drone , even a small one , getting sucked into a jetliner 's engine could be even worse , Williams said . "  Imagine a metal and plastic object -- especially with  a  big lithium battery -- going into a high-speed engine , " he added . "  The results could be catastrophic . " All these incidents speak to "  why it is incredibly important for detect-and-avoid standards  for small unmanned aircraft  to be developed and right-of-way rules to be obeyed , " Williams said . He added that such standards are in the works . His agency reiterated this sentiment in its statement Friday . "  The FAA has the exclusive authority to regulate the airspace from the ground up , and a mandate to protect the safety of the American people in the air and on the ground , " the agency said . " ... Our challenge is to integrate unmanned aircraft into the busiest , most complex airspace in the world . Introduction of unmanned aircraft into America 's airspace must take place incrementally and with the interest of safety first . " As to current regulations , Williams noted the FAA has appealed a federal judge 's decision in a case involving businessman Raphael Pirker . Pirker used a remotely operated , 56-inch foam glider to take aerial video for an advertisement for the University of Virginia Medical Center . The FAA then fined him $ 10,000 for operating the aircraft in a "  careless and reckless manner . " A judge on March 6 agreed with Pirker that the FAA overreached by applying regulations for aircraft to model aircraft , and said no FAA rule prohibited Pirker 's radio-controlled flight . Pilot wins case against FAA over commercial drone flight But on Thursday , Williams said that another judge had stayed this ruling pending the FAA 's appeal . "  Nothing has changed from a legal standpoint , " he said , "  and the FAA continues to enforce the airspace rules . " Drones banned from Yosemite , other parks	Flight 4650 on March 22 was a 50-seat jet , according to Flightaware FAA : The unmanned aircraft looked like a miniature F-4 Phantom jet , pilot said FAA : A jetliner 's pilot reported a near collision with a drone over Florida Drones getting sucked into jet engines could be "  catastrophic , " he adds
The visible wounds on David Connor Castellani 's head and neck are healing , but the scars remain from the night he was arrested and beaten by five Atlantic City Police officers and bitten by a police dog in an incident captured on video . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Jason Carroll , Castellani , 20 , said he has total numbness on the right side of his head , and severe nerve damage . "  It 's definitely the worst thing that 's ever happened to me in my life , " the Temple University junior said . Castellani and his parents have filed a lawsuit in federal court against Atlantic City and its police department . The arrest and beating was captured on surveillance video in the early morning hours of June 15 , after Castellani was told to leave the Tropicana Casino and Resort because , he said , he is under 21 . Graphic video released of Florida man run over by police The video shows Castellani yelling and gesturing at the officers who are not visible on the video at that time . Several officers tackle him and start hitting him with clubs and kneeing him , according to the video . After officers wrestle with and hit Castellani for almost full minute , the video shows a K-9 van arriving . An officer gets out and releases a police dog onto Castellani , who by then was flat on the ground surrounded by five police officers still seemingly attempting to handcuff him , the video shows . The video shows the police dog biting at Castellani 's neck and dragging him to the curb , before the scene becomes obscured by the police van . Castellani told CNN that during the incident "  I was just basically rolling up in a ball -- I was n't resisting , I told them that , and they continued to beat me . I was holding on for life when the dog bit me . " Atlantic City Police Chief Ernest Jubilee told Carroll that an internal investigation of the incident is underway , but he is "  absolutely " standing by his officers . "  I stand by the officers . I stand by their actions . If the investigation bears something different , then we 'll deal with it at that time , " Jubilee said . The officers involved all remain on active duty . Castellani 's parents told CNN they were horrified by what they saw on the video . "  I was just numb , went home and got sick . " Theresa Castellani said . "  You do n't want to see that happen to anyone , but especially your own child ... that was horrible . " David and Theresa Castellani and their son filed a civil lawsuit this week in U.S. District Court in Camden , New Jersey . They say they are hoping to change the Atlantic City department 's policies and procedures , and they also are seeking monetary damages . They also ask that the police involved be prohibited from serving as law enforcement officers . Florida deputies shoot man they mistook for car thief in his own driveway "  I think it 's really the sum total of the  police  administration allowing these officers to perpetrate this kind of conduct and to continue to allow them and empower them with this abuse of authority , " David Castellani said . "  They 're there to help you , not to hurt you . To see this kind of conduct , a beat down on my son and then the use of  a police dog  on his neck ... it was shocking beyond belief . " When CNN Law Enforcement Analyst Lou Palumbo reviewed the entire surveillance video , however , he said he believed the amount of force used by officers was appropriate . Palumbo , a former law enforcement officer , said Castellani seemed to have precipitated the confrontation with police by verbally taunting them , even after they initially were willing to let him walk away . "  This is the problem you have . If the police order you and want to place you under arrest ... you ought to comply , " Palumbo said . "  All they wanted to do was get this kid under control and handcuff him . " Palumbo acknowledged that the release of the dog was "  a gray area , " noting that "  perceptively it 's terrible , " but pointing out that Castellani was still not handcuffed at the time and that "  dogs are used for compliance . " But 20-year police veteran Jon Shane , a retired police captain who now teaches police practice at John Jay College of Criminal Justice , was critical of all officers shown on the video . He said it 's unclear to him how Castellani 's behavior , as shown on the video before police tackle him , even rises to the level of disorderly conduct . "  I do n't see any fighting , threatening or tumultuous behavior displayed toward the public , " he said . Once police had him on the ground , Shane said he believes the amount of force police used in trying to hold him down and handcuff him "  appears to be reasonable . " But using the dog , Shane said , did amount to excessive force in his view , and could very easily have been deadly . Normal police procedure would have been to give the dog a "  bite and hold " command , just to hold down a suspect . "  I do n't know of any training that allows police officers to launch the dog onto somebody 's neck which is right where the dog went , " Shane said , adding that a dog bite in the neck "  could have killed him . " Atlantic City Mayor Lorenzo T. Langford released a statement Wednesday saying he found the video "  quite disturbing . " "  In an effort to ensure transparency and to maximize the level of scrutiny regarding the investigation of this matter , I am asking the State Attorney General 's Office to oversee this investigative effort . Moreover , I will be making a formal request to the United States Department of Justice to monitor the investigation regarding this case , " Langford said . His statement specifically referred to the incident "  involving the use of a K-9 dog , " but made no reference to any of the officers involved or their actions . The Castellanis ' attorney , Jennifer Bonjean , called the videotaped episode "  one of the most egregious examples of excessive force and police brutality " that she has ever seen . "  I am dismayed that we still have this problem where police officers are unwilling to speak truthfully and honestly when tragedies like this happen ... Every objective person who looks at this video , says ` Oh my gosh , this is unbelievable . ' And  the police chief  will sit there and say , ' I stand by my officers . ' " Bonjean said . "  To me , I 'm not surprised , it happens all the time , but it 's still shocking and it 's truly disappointing . " Connor Castellani , a six-foot-four-inch-tall media studies major , was charged with resisting arrest , disorderly conduct and aggravated assault on an officer and a canine . Hospital photos show multiple wounds and dog bites on his head and neck , with more than 200 stiches needed to close his wounds , according to his family . He also suffered a crushed spinal nerve , numbness on the right side of the skull and several bruises and abrasions , his family said . Despite his experience , Castellani says he still believes the majority of police officers are good people "  who are here to protect us . " But he hopes that his case will help bring more attention to law enforcement abuses . "  It happens on a daily basis , police brutality , and I think it just needs to be addressed and taken care of because it 's just really wrong , " he said . "  I just happened to get one of the worst incidents of it . " Robbery victim shot by New York police in apparent accident	A video captures Connor Castellani yelling and gesturing at officers outside a casino Then Atlantic City officers tackle him , hit him with clubs , according to the video A police dog bites at the man 's neck and drags him to the curb , according to the video The man is suing , the police chief says he is "  absolutely " standing by his officers
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said Saturday that the country 's state of emergency , in effect since 1963 , should be lifted by next week at the latest -- but that the final decision is up to the newly sworn-in Cabinet . Al-Assad made the announcement Saturday hours after the Cabinet was sworn in , and two days after he announced the formation of a new government . Opposition forces have been demanding the repeal of the emergency law , which allows the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . the law also bars detainees who have n't been charged from filing court complaints or from having a lawyer present during interrogations . "  We  will  lift the state of emergency contrary to the opinion of many others who think this might lead to imbalance in the state of security , " al-Assad said as he chaired a meeting of the new government . "  I disagree with this , and I think this will consolidate the security of the country . " The president indicated he wants a new law allowing demonstrations to take place while protecting the public from "  any chaos or damage to properties " and allowing Syrian security forces to enforce the law . "  We have to distinguish between reform and chaos , " he said . "  The Syrian people are civilized people . They do n't like chaos , they do n't like instability . " The new Cabinet includes a new prime minister -- Adel Safar , a Baath Party member who was the agricultural minister in the previous Cabinet , which resigned last month . Syria retained its foreign minister , Walid al-Moallem , and defense minister , Ali Habib , but there are new heads in other positions , including the key posts of interior , finance , and media affairs , Syrian television said . The announcement of the new Cabinet came amid continued anti-regime protests and clashes between demonstrators and security forces , a conflict that has caused scores of deaths . Al-Assad expressed sadness over the deaths and sent his condolences to the families of everyone who has died in the unrest . "  This period we pass through , the blood that has been shed in Syria , has been painful for all Syrians , " he said . "  We are saddened by the death of any person who has been sacrificed . " He said an investigation committee is looking into the deaths . Saturday afternoon , residents in Daraa rallied in the southern town 's central square , according to a doctor there who declined to be named out of fear for his security . The thousands who gathered there chanted for the reform of the regime , trials for officials responsible for protesters ' deaths , and solidarity with protesters in other cities . The doctor said no security forces or police were present and there were no injuries . Daraa was one of several cities where anti-government demonstrations happened Friday . Witnesses also reported demonstrations in Baniyas , Dair Elzour , Douma , Zabadani , the outskirts of Damascus and other cities where protesters called for political , economic and social changes . In most locales , the day seemed peaceful compared with previous Fridays , when bloody clashes left many dead and injured . Still , the Syrian Arab News Agency , the official government news service , said a police sergeant was "  martyred " after being assaulted by protesters in Homs . Among the opposition demands is the end of one-party rule in Syria . Al-Assad had already said he was studying whether to end the 48-year-old state of emergency and provide citizenship for stateless people in the Kurdish region as a way to placate the demonstrators . Activists , however , say the government has cracked down violently on peaceful protesters . That claim is disputed by the Syrian government , which blames armed groups for attacking security forces and citizens . Human Rights Watch , a prominent humanitarian watchdog group , issued a report Friday detailing "  torture and ill-treatment " of protesters over the past month , and U.N. human rights experts released a statement deploring the crackdown on peaceful demonstrations . In his address Saturday , al-Assad said the new government must "  narrow the gap between officials and the public " and expand government transparency . He also discussed the need to address government corruption , the high cost of living , and the high rate of youth unemployment . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : The president expresses sadness for protesters ' deaths NEW : Residents rally in Daraa for more reforms NEW : Al-Assad addresses government corruption and unemployment A new Cabinet was sworn in Saturday
The stated purpose for a meeting of pro-Hillary Clinton Democrats in New York on Friday was simple : Recap the last year and discuss 2014 lessons that will apply in 2016 's presidential election . The much-talked about and more interesting purpose , however , was the realization that the pre-campaign that has existed around a likely Clinton candidacy for the better part of two years is soon coming to an end . In the hallway , ballroom and press briefing room of the Ready for Hillary National Finance Council meeting , dozens of top flight Democrats , many of whom would make up the roster of a Clinton campaign , came together to discuss the future of what appears to be a likely run . "  They are pretty certain , " Stephanie Schriock , the president of Emily 's List and a possible Clinton campaign manager in 2016 , said when asked whether session attendees thought Clinton would run . Though many of the speakers at the strategy session regularly inserted caveats like "  if she runs " or "  hypothetically " into conversations with the press , the feeling of nearly everyone in the room was that Clinton is almost certainly running for president and will likely declare early in 2016 . "  You can derive that by looking at what she has been doing , " said Chris Lehane , the political director of Bill Clinton 's 1992 campaign and a longtime Hillary Clinton adviser . "  I think she has been doing everything you would do if you were going to give a serious look to running . " Lehane added that the reason many of the Democrats were in a New York City ballroom on Friday was because of those movements by Clinton , who for the last year has headlined high profile speeches , stumped for Democrats across the country and written a much ballyhooed book . "  A lot of people are taking their signals from that , " the California-based political consultant said . "  That is one of the reasons this gathering is taking place . " But just as certain as the attendees were that Clinton would be running in the near future , many were equally as certain that her campaign would face challenges and would have free reign of the Democratic field . Democrats openly worried about Clinton 's campaign finding a message in a changing political landscape and holding on to a Democratic electorate that was burned by stinging defeats in 2014 . "  If 2016 happens with a 2014 electorate , we are not going to be successful , " said Mitch Stewart , a senior Ready for Hillary adviser and former Obama campaign aide . "  I think the big pitfall for Democrats is we have not yet figured out a message on the economy that resonates with working class voters . ... That is , for me , at least the biggest concern out there . " Strategists from important presidential states like Iowa and New Hampshire also raised concerns about her frontrunner status and their respective states ' tendency to gravitate to fringe , dark horse candidates . "  Iowa has a very healthy contrarian spirit . It has a very healthy underdog spirit , " said Jerry Crawford , a Clinton organizer in the Hawkeye State who joked that he sometimes has dreams  read : nightmares  of  independent Vermont Sen.  Bernie Sanders toying with a presidential bid . "  That is what we have to keep our eye on , " he added . Similar concerns were raised by Terry Shumaker , a longtime Clinton confidant and aide from New Hampshire . "  Inevitability is not a message , it is not something you can run on . And in New Hampshire , we have a long history of  frontrunner  train wrecks , " Shumaker said , noting that despite the Clinton 's long history with New Hampshire , many young voters do n't remember that . Shumaker , a longtime Clinton supporter who was with Bill Clinton when he filed his presidential bid papers in 1991 , added : "  As I caution all presidential candidate in New Hampshire , taking New Hampshire for granted is very dangerous . Last time I believe Hillary Clinton had an almost 30-point lead in the polls in our state in the summer and that lead melted like an ice sculpture on the mall in Washington in July . " Clinton went on to win the New Hampshire primary in 2008 , but by a slim 3 % . But Clinton supporters were also buoyed on Friday by that fact that the Democratic field has been partially frozen for the last year because of their actions . Prospective candidates like former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and Sanders have been entertaining bids , and former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb declared this week he was launching an exploratory committee . But other than that , very few Democrats are lining up to take on Clinton and that was evident in the fact that many Clinton advisers on Friday looked more towards the general election than they did a Democratic primary . "  A tough thematic will be , ' a time for change , ' and you can shove a lot under that thematic , " said Harold Ickes , a Clinton friend who elevated Ready for Hillary when he signed on as an adviser . "  If  the Republicans  put up the right ticket -- and they 've been known not to -- but if they put up the right ticket , it could come down to be very , very hotly contested . " Potential Clinton campaign staffers also lined the speakers list and hallways of Friday 's event . Guy Cecil , the executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee ; Schriock , the president of EMILY 's List ; and Ace Smith , a political operative who worked for Clinton in 2008 , have all been rumored as likely picks for Clinton 's top campaign job . Cecil and Smith avoided the press room altogether but sat on a panel in the closed press main ballroom , while Schriock spoke with reporters but would n't entertain questions about her future with a Clinton campaign . "  I 'm not going to talk about any conversations I may or may not be having with a candidate who may or may not be running , " the women 's group leader stated emphatically to reporters . Not everyone was talking about future jobs , though . Craig Smith , a friend of Bill Clinton from his days in Arkansas , was quite gleeful when he thought about not working on another campaign . "  If she decided to run , and she wants me to do something , I will do what I can , " Smith said with a smile . "  If she wants me to go to the beach and work on my garden , I will go do that . "	Supporters met to discuss the past year with nod to future Hillary Clinton presidential run They spoke in hypotheticals , but acknowledged all signs point to Clinton run While hopeful , many expressed concerns that Clinton could face in a presidential race
CNN  -- The spread of polio constitutes an international public health emergency , the World Health Organization declared Monday . "  If unchecked , this situation could result in failure to eradicate globally one of the world 's most serious vaccine preventable diseases , " the WHO said in a statement . At the end of 2013 , 60 % of polio cases resulted from the international spread of the virus , and "  there was increasing evidence that adult travelers contributed to the spread , " according to the statement . Polio mainly affects children under the age of 5 , according to the WHO . One in 200 infections leads to irreversible paralysis ; 5 to 10 % of patients die when their breathing muscles become immobilized . It can only be prevented by vaccination . Of the 10 countries currently infected with polio , three -- Pakistan , Syria and Cameroon -- have allowed the virus to spread internationally , according to an emergency committee convened by the organization , which met late last month . Polio has spread from Pakistan to Afghanistan , from Syria to Iraq and from Cameroon to Equatorial Guinea , according to the WHO . The concern is that the spread comes during the low transmission season for polio , typically January through April , said WHO spokeswoman Christine Feig . This is a "  red flag , " she said , as "  it has been years " since the virus was spread to three countries during low season . Polio re-emerged in Syria in October 2013 after a 15-year absence . The ongoing civil war in Syria has hampered immunization rates "  due to the severe interruption of public health services and to the conditions in which the people are living , " according to a WHO report . There have been 74 cases of polio so far this year , Dr. Bruce Aylward , WHO assistant director-general for polio , emergencies and country collaboration , said Monday . Of those , 59 were in Pakistan . No other country has reported more than four cases , and the only country with four was Afghanistan , he said . The committee 's decision to declare an international public health emergency means that Pakistan , Syria and Cameroon are urged to declare national public health emergencies regarding polio and ensure all residents and long-term visitors are vaccinated . In addition , the WHO said , citizens of those countries traveling internationally should be vaccinated before their departure and carry proof in the form of an International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis . Meet India 's last polio patient "  A coordinated international response is deemed essential to stop this international spread of wild poliovirus and to prevent new spread with the onset of the high transmission season in May/June 2014 , " according to the organization . Nations infected with polio , but not spreading the disease internationally now include Afghanistan , Equatorial Guinea , Ethiopia , Iraq , Israel , Somalia and Nigeria , the WHO said . Those nations were also encouraged to take similar measures to ensure high levels of vaccination in residents and travelers . While the recommendations are not legally binding , they are in the context of the International Health Regulations , which are binding on member states , Aylward said . "  These recommendations are not legally binding in the strict sense ... but they do carry substantial weight because , of course , they are in the context of a legally binding international treaty , " Aylward said Monday . No cases of polio have been detected in Israel , but the WHO previously reported the virus was found in sewage samples , as well as in stool samples from children who had been immunized . In all , 417 cases of polio were reported worldwide in 2013 , said Aylward . Further spread of the virus could put at risk countries that are currently polio-free but are "  conflict-torn and fragile " with compromised routine immunization services , the WHO said . The current situation is "  in stark contrast " to the "  near-cessation " of the spread of polio from January 2012 through April 2013 , according to the statement . In March , Southeast Asia , including India , was declared polio-free . India , the world 's second most populous country , was able to achieve the goal by deploying immunization efforts to reach those most vulnerable , according to UNICEF . Polio was eradicated in the United States in 1979 , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Vaccination campaign against polio , other diseases begins in Mideast Pakistan grapples with polio fight India beats the odds , beats polio	Polio has spread to three countries this year It 's typically the low season for transmission of the virus Pakistan , Syria and Cameroon are urged to put measures into place 417 cases of polio were reported worldwide in 2013 , WHO says
Joint Base Lewis-McChord , Washington  CNN  -- For three weeks , security fears kept U.S. authorities from searching the Afghan village where an American soldier is accused of killing 16 Afghans , an Army investigator testified Wednesday . Local tempers were so high over the killings that it was too dangerous for the Americans to go , said Matthew Hoffman , a special agent with the Army Criminal Investigation Command . Negotiations with local leaders over the issue took 20 days -- and even then , the investigators were guarded by U.S. and Afghan troops and watched over by two U.S. helicopters , he said . "  We were fully expecting to be attacked at any time , " Hoffman said . "  We did n't know how much time we had for our investigation . " Hoffman 's testimony came during an Article 32 hearing for Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , the soldier charged in the killings . The hearing at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , near Tacoma , Washington , will determine whether Bales will face trial for the deaths . Hoffman was the lead investigator in the case . His team collected blood samples , took photographs and found a number of 9mm shells at the site , but much of the evidence had been collected by Afghan troops the day after the March 11 killings , he said . The shooting spree near a small U.S. outpost in Afghanistan 's Kandahar province last March strained already tense U.S.-Afghan relations and intensified a debate about whether to pull out American troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal . Stunned friends recall good deeds of killing suspect Bales is charged with 16 counts of premeditated murder , six counts of attempted murder , seven counts of assault and the illicit use of alcohol and steroids . He could be sentenced to death if convicted . Another investigator , Trayce Lang , testified Wednesday that she found steroids hidden outside Bales ' quarters . The sergeant 's lawyer , John Henry Browne , has said that steroid use will be a key factor in Bales ' defense . Bales served three tours of duty in Iraq before being sent to Afghanistan and may have been suffering post-traumatic stress disorder , Browne said . Bales suffered a traumatic brain injury during a roadside bomb explosion and lost part of his foot in separate tours in Iraq , he said . Afghan villagers describe slaying 's horror The Army has said Bales is the sole suspect in the killings , but Afghan villagers in the area have consistently rejected the contention that Bales acted alone . Earlier this week , a fellow soldier testified that he and another soldier had been drinking with Bales hours before the attack . An officer , Capt. Daniel Fields , said that when he asked Bales after he surrendered what had happened , Bales replied , "  I 'm sorry I let you down . " Wartime stress as a defense for murder	Army Sgt. Robert Bales is accused of killing 16 Afghan villagers It took nearly three weeks for U.S. agents to visit the site , an Army investigator says "  We were fully expecting to be attacked at any time , " he says Another investigator testified that steroids were found outside Bales ' quarters
CNN  -- On Tuesday , an Afghan soldier killed a U.S. major general and wounded a German brigadier general , as well as up to 15 others , in an attack at the Marshal Fahim National Defense University in the Afghan capital , Kabul . The attack is an ominous sign regarding the potential risks to American service members as the majority of U.S. forces withdraw from Afghanistan . If a Bilateral Security Agreement between the United States and Afghanistan is signed in coming months , the United States is likely to keep a residual force of around 9,800 troops in Afghanistan after the withdrawal of all U.S. combat troops at the end of 2014 . This residual force would serve in an advisory role to Afghan troops , which could further expose American forces to insider attacks . Officials identified the American who was killed as Maj. Gen. Harold Greene . Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , said the Afghan soldier who carried out the attack was shot and killed . Although directed at high-ranking officers , it was far from the first insider attack on coalition troops in Afghanistan . According to a count by the New America Foundation , there have been 82 such attacks on coalition personnel over the course of the Afghan War . The numbers refer to Afghan police and army members attacking NATO troops . During the early years of the war , there were very few insider attacks . But they took off in 2011 . That year , the number rose to 14 , followed by a peak of 40 in 2012 . At least 145 U.S. and other NATO soldiers have been killed by Afghan soldiers , according to New America 's data . So far , in 2014 there have been only three such attacks , including Tuesday 's in Kabul , and an attack on June 23 in Gardez , Paktia , where two American military advisers were injured in a shooting by an Afghan police officer . Before that , on February 12 , two American Special Forces members were killed in Afghanistan 's Kapisa province by gunmen wearing Afghan National Security Force uniforms . In April 2011 , in an attack that killed the most coalition personnel , an Afghan military pilot killed eight American soldiers and a military contractor during a meeting in the operations room of the Afghan Air Corps at Kabul Airport . Insider attacks have taken their largest toll on troops from the United States , which contributes the largest contingent of forces to operations in Afghanistan Military members from Albania , Australia , France , Germany , Italy , New Zealand , Norway , Slovenia , Spain and the United Kingdom have also been targets . Still , the number of deaths in insider attacks on foreign forces has been declining -- although they spiked in 2012 , when 59 coalition members were killed . In 2011 , there were 36 ; in 2013 , there were 18 . The United States took several steps after insider attacks became a large-scale problem , including improving vetting of Afghan security personnel and putting more counterintelligence assets into the field to try to detect threats . Kirby downplayed the significance of Tuesday 's attacks , asserting that he has "  seen no indication that there 's a degradation of trust between coalition members and their Afghan counterparts . " Maintaining that trust as U.S. combat troops withdraw will be key .	On Tuesday , an Afghan soldier killed a U.S. major general in an insider attack Writers : Insider attacks nothing new , but it 's an ominous sign as combat troops withdraw They say advisory forces who stay might be more vulnerable to insider attacks Writers : Pentagon says trust between Afghans , Americans is solid : Trust is key
Phnom Penh , Cambodia  CNN  -- In a week where three top surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime stand trial for crimes against humanity , the legacy of that era is still creating upheaval more than 30 years later . Land ownership is a vague and often contentious issue in a country where the Khmer Rouge destroyed all land records between 1975 and 1979 . During this period , the regime pushed its utopian Communist ideal of an agrarian society forcing thousands from the cities to work in the fields in the countryside . An estimated 1.7 million people died during the Khmer Rouge reign . Twelve years ago , Myaeung Duong Kear bought land around Boeung Kak Lake -- a big lake in the center of Phnom Penh , now prized real estate . He bought the land from another resident who had claimed the land as their own . There was no real transfer of documents . Myaeung says he just got a piece of paper after the purchase which served as his record . He knew the transaction fell into a gray area , but that 's the way things were done , he said . Myaeung built a home and set up a business inside his house fixing mobile phones . In September of this year , a developer 's bulldozer knocked down his home , business and livelihood . 3 top Khmer Rouge leaders go on trial The developer , Shukaku Inc. , is owned by a powerful Cambodian senator , Lao Meng Khin , who signed a 99-year lease with the government for the lake property . The company has been in the process of filling in the lake and removing residents off the lake property to make way for plans to build luxury apartments and shops . The company and the government say the 4000 families -- including Myaeung Duong Kear 's family -- who lived around the lake were removed because they were living in a designated development zone . CNN contacted the senator , who did not respond to requests for comment . The developers said they had achieved "  a peaceful conclusion " to the dispute . Not for Myaeung , who has been homeless and protesting at the lake site since his ouster . "  I want to live here in this same place . It 's the place that gave me happiness and security , " Myaeung says . The Khmer Rouge regime banned private land ownership . When the Khmer Rouge lost power , many Cambodians resettled on plots of land wherever they could and essentially became "  squatters . " House and land titles were a distant notion . Rebuilding lives was the priority . In 2001 , Cambodia passed a land law that allowed any Cambodian living peacefully on a piece of land for five years to apply for a land title . In 2002 , the World Bank undertook several land titling projects to help Cambodians obtain legal ownership of their land . Countries like Canada , Germany and Finland contributed to these projects which resulted in more than a million land titles being issued . But the World Bank did not follow through on the land titling project around Beoung Kak Lake and in an inspection report , the World Bank later admitted to "  shortcomings . " "  The problem is a lot of Cambodians were excluded from the land titling projects if powerful people wanted that land , " says David Pred of Bridges Beyond Borders Cambodia . "  They were excluded because in the end , it 's the government itself that issues the land titles . " The protestors have made some progress through making noise . The World Bank has suspended loans to Cambodia until the government resolves the situation . Cambodia 's prime minister got involved and signed a subdecree that allowed several families on 12.44 hectares of land around the lake to remain . Still , the majority of residents feel this is an injustice that is a long way from being resolved . They 've been protesting in front of Phnom Penh City Hall on a regular basis . One displaced resident who moved to the relocation site designated by the developer says , "  It 's difficult . It 's far from the city so it 's hard to do business . For this development project , people were forced away like cattle . "	A property dispute of land near central Phnom Penh pits residents against developers Since the Khmer Rouge regime , property records in Cambodia are sketchy The World Bank has suspended loans to Cambodia over the land dispute
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A cruise ship attendant claimed in a federal lawsuit that John Travolta sexually assaulted him during a Caribbean cruise in 2009 , according to court documents filed last week . Fabian Zanzi , who said he was assigned to be Travolta 's personal attendant , accused the actor of "  harmful and offensive contact " by "  removing his bath robe , grabbing plaintiff 's hand , and forcing his naked person and erect penis against plaintiff 's person , " the complaint said . "  This is another ludicrous lawsuit with inane claims , " Travolta lawyer Martin Singer said . "  It is obvious that Mr. Zanzi and his lawyers are looking for their 15 minutes of fame . " Another lawsuit , filed by two male massage therapists in April , accused Travolta of sexual assault at hotels in Los Angeles and Atlanta . Those plaintiffs withdrew their suit after firing their lawyer and hiring Los Angeles attorney Gloria Allred to handle their case . Allred said at the time she was considering refiling their complaints in another court . Gloria Allred sued over Travolta accusers Singer called those charges "  ridiculous " and denied media reports the actor had considered paying to settle the lawsuit . Zanzi 's suit , filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles , claims the sexual assault happened on board the Royal Caribbean Cruise ship Enchantment of the Sea in June 2009 . The actor came on to the personal room attendant after he delivered food to his room , the suit said . Travolta complained of a pain in his neck and asked Zanzi to touch it . As Zanzi approached , Travolta dropped his bathrobe and "  became completely naked , " the suit said . "  Travolta proceeded to forcefully embrace plaintiff , " it said , "  causing plaintiff to continue to experience pain , shock , embarrassment , distress and fear . " He then told Zanzi "  that he was beautiful and asked plaintiff to ` take me , I will take care of you , please , ' " the complaint said . When Zanzi asked to be released from the embrace , "  Travolta maintained a hard and painful grasp on plaintiff 's hands , " the suit said . The suit described the contact as "  nonconsensual , inappropriate , extreme , and outrageous . " Travolta offered Zanzi $ 12,000 for his "  discretion and silence , " telling him to return to the suite later that night to collect the money , the suit said . Instead , Zanzi -- "  in a state of pain , shock , embarrassment , distress and fear " -- immediately reported the incident the the ship 's director , human resources manager and a staff captain , the suit said . The human resources manager told him to fill out a report , but she "  refused to allow plaintiff to write down any information regarding the nudity and/or sexual contact " with Travolta , the suit said . She told him "  unless he was bleeding and bruised , he did not suffer any injuries and thus could not obtain treatment or any other type of attention , " it said . Instead of taking action against Travolta , the cruise line ordered Zanzi "  restrained " in "  a segregated room " for five days , until Travolta was off the ship , the suit said . Zanzi claimed he was "  persistent " in contacting the cruise line to file a claim against Travolta for the next two years , but he was repeatedly told it was being filed and to check back later . He has since filed an arbitration claim against the company , the suit said . A spokesman for the cruise company declined comment . Zanzi is seeking unspecified monetary damages to be determined at a trial . Travolta 's lawyer said the actor is confident he will "  prevail on the merits and that he will be completely vindicated in court . " "  The lawsuit 's ridiculous claims are completely contradicted by what Mr. Zanzi told his employer back in 2009 when he was being disciplined for his own violations of company policy , " Singer said . "  In his handwritten report three years ago , the only physical contact he claimed occurred was allegedly touching my client 's neck . The inappropriate conduct he alleges in his lawsuit is absent from his written report he submitted at the time . That glaring omission speaks volumes . " The fact that Zanzi continued to work for the cruise line for years after "  his employer supposedly restrained him in a room on the cruise ship for five days " calls his credibility into question , Singer said . "  Now , after waiting three years , and after getting paid to tell his story to the media , Mr. Zanzi has filed this absurd lawsuit , " he said . Zanzi told his story in tabloid reports published in May , soon after the suit was filed by the two massage therapists . Travolta sexual battery lawsuit withdrawn , but case may go on	Royal Caribbean Cruise employee sues Travolta for "  harmful and offensive contact " "  This is another ludicrous lawsuit with inane claims , " Travolta 's lawyer says Two male massage therapists dropped their suit against the actor in May The alleged ship sex assault happened in 2009 , the new lawsuit says
CNN  -- Facebook users who have n't yet discovered the joys of FarmVille or plugged in to the sounds of Spotify will be getting an easier way to find apps that run on the site . On Thursday , the site unveiled Facebook App Center , a clearinghouse for social apps that sounds a lot like Apple 's online store . And while most will likely remain free  with some making money through in-game purchases  , Facebook will also now allow paid apps on the site . "  For the over 900 million people that use Facebook , the App Center will become the new , central place to find great apps like Draw Something , Pinterest , Spotify , Battle Pirates , Viddy , and Bubble Witch Saga , " Facebook 's Aaron Brady wrote on the site 's page for developers . A life without Facebook : Are you off the site ? Tell us why The center will be available on the Web and on both Apple 's iOS and Google 's Android operating systems . It will roll out to users over the next few weeks , according to Brady 's post . Facebook will use "  a variety of signals , such as user ratings and engagement " to determine which apps are added to the App Center and which get most prominently displayed . "  Well-designed apps that people enjoy will be prominently displayed , " Brady wrote . "  Apps that receive poor user ratings or do n't meet the quality guidelines wo n't be listed . " Developers are being asked to create an app detail page , that will give potential users details about the app and be accessible to Web searches . Those pages are due by May 18 , signaling that a full rollout might not happen until after then . And in a move that mirrors Apple and Android app stores , developers will now be given the option of charging a one-time fee for their apps . "  Many developers have been successful with in-app purchases , but to support more types of apps on Facebook.com , we will give developers the option to offer paid apps , " Brady wrote . Facebook currently makes about 15 % of its money through payments in games and other apps . Zynga , owners of FarmVille , Draw Something and other successful games , are responsible for the majority of those payments . Facebook takes a 30 % cut of the payments . The center rolls out at an opportune time for Facebook , as it prepares for an initial public stock offering . Facebook has not yet found a way to make money on the increasing number of users who access the site through mobile devices . Becoming more visible to iPhone and Android users may be a move in that direction , easing investor concerns in the process . Most initial tech-world reactions Thursday were positive . "  So far , I see nothing not to thumbs-up here , " wrote Matt Peckham for Time . "  A user-related ranking and inclusion system ? A chance to investigate an app before installing it ? A way for developers to compete on more level terms with Apple and Google with regard to app pricing ? Everything in one central location ? App agnosticism when it comes to platform and installation ? "  Sure , it means a little extra work for developers and new challenge metrics for getting an app included as well as made visible , but the end benefits for users , at least on e-paper , seem broadly win-win at this point . "	Facebook rolls out App Center Center will rank apps on user feedback and other quality measures It will also introduce paid apps for Facebook Center will work on Android and Apple devices as well as the Web
Amid mounting allegations against him , Bill Cosby has broken his silence . Well , sort of . Cosby , accused of rape and other misdeeds by an increasing number of women , was reached at home on Friday by a freelance reporter for the New York Post . While Cosby offered Stacy Brown more than the head-shake that caused several moments of awkward radio silence during an interview with NPR , he did not address the allegations . Instead , he offered his expectations for how the media -- specifically , "  the black media " -- should cover the story . "  Let me say this , " the 77-year-old said . "  I only expect the black media to uphold the standards of excellence in journalism and when you do that , you have to go in with a neutral mind . " Model Beverly Johnson says Bill Cosby drugged her Cosby 's reputation has suffered in the wake of the allegations . On Monday , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that Spelman College , to which Cosby and wife Camille donated $ 20 million in 1987 , has suspended the Cosby Chair for the Humanities while the controversy continues . "  The William and Camille Olivia Hanks Cosby Endowed Professorship was established to bring positive attention and accomplished visiting scholars to Spelman College in order to enhance our intellectual , cultural and creative life , " a school spokeswoman told the newspaper . "  The current context prevents us from continuing to meet these objectives fully . Consequently , we will suspend the program until such time that the original goals can again be met . " Cosby himself cut ties with his beloved Temple University , where he served on the board , two weeks ago . Cosby attended Temple in the early '60s . Despite Cosby 's challenges , Brown wrote that the comedian "  sounded upbeat on the phone , " especially when it came to a question about how his wife , Camille , is holding up . "  Love and the strength of womanhood , " Cosby said . "  Let me say it again , love and the strength of womanhood . And , you could reverse it , the strength of womanhood and love . " The actor then resumed his public relations posture of late and ended the conversation , saying , "  They do n't want me talking to the media . " Brown also writes for the Washington Informer , a newspaper targeted to the African-American community , and he spoke with CNN about their conversation . Brown said he came away with the clear sense that Cosby actually does n't want to stay silent at all but is nevertheless deferring to the guidance of his representatives for the time being . "  I definitely came away with the belief that he wants to talk about everything , " Brown said . "  He seemed as if he really does have a lot to say and , oddly enough , he did n't in any way appear worried about anything . To me , he sounded like a happy individual without a care in the world . " As for how he sort of landed a sort of scoop , Brown said he had been keeping in touch with Cosby 's camp for the past three and a half weeks -- and at one point even thought he was close to securing an interview -- but when his people changed their minds , Brown did an end-around . "  I had Mr. Cosby 's personal number and decided to give it a shot . "	Spelman College suspends Cosby-endowed professorship "  Cosby sounded like a happy individual without a care in the world , " reporter says Stacy Brown , freelancing for the New York Post , called Cosby at home Friday Cosby did n't address the sexual assault allegations coming out against him
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Rory McIlroy may be tipped for great things but according to the "  CNN Living Golf " producer , Chris Eldergill , his home course is on the road to success as well . The CNN crew with Rory McIlroy at the Lough Erne Golf Resort , Northern Ireland . In these troubled times , you 're hard pushed to find a golf development which either has n't been put on hold or canceled altogether . That coupled with the fact that golf tourism in Northern Ireland has been in steep decline , it 's a testament to the people of Lough Erne Golf Resort that they 're opening their brand new championship course this summer . We have just returned from Lough Erne , which is situated about two hours west of Belfast in Northern Ireland , after spending some time with golf 's biggest teenage sensation , Lough Erne 's attached professional Rory McIlroy . Watch a preview of the show " Whilst it was impressive to see such maturity from a 19 year old who has achieved so much so young , it was also impressive to see the surroundings he is blessed with . Created by six-time major champion Nick Faldo , The Faldo Course will be a par-72 layout set on a breath-taking peninsula -- if the photos do n't help visualize this for you , think Loch Lomond . And like the venue for the annual Scottish Open , do n't bet against this being a regular stop on the European Tour in the near future . During our stay , we were itching to get out and experience some of the course for ourselves but with gusting winds and with water on 14 of the 18 holes , only the brave or very talented would have survived ... and neither applied to us ! But with such a rich tradition of superb golf courses in Northern Ireland like Royal Portrush , Castlerock and Royal County Down , how will Lough Erne compete ? Simple ... their resident professional . Just days after this year 's Open Championship at Turnberry in Scotland , McIlroy will take on Ireland 's greatest ever golfer , three times Major Champion , Padraig Harrington , in the inaugural Lough Erne Challenge , a one-day event scheduled for Wednesday , July 22 . Harrington is gunning for a third consecutive Open championship whilst McIlroy is aiming to be the youngest Major winner in history -- not bad publicity for a course which would have been open for a mere three weeks . Only 4,000 tickets have been set aside for the event so if you ca n't make it to Turnberry , you could do worse than to see these two fight it out . CNN Living Golf airs at the times below : ALL TIMES GMT Thursday , April 2 : 1230 , 1730 Saturday , April 4 : 0700 , 1730 Sunday , April 5 : 0300 , 0730 , 1500	Teenager Rory McIlroy is resident pro at Lough Erne Golf Resort near Belfast The resort plans to open its new championship course this summer "  The Faldo Course " was created by six-time major champion Nick Faldo Rory McIlroy will take on Padraig Harrington in its inaugural event on July 22
CNN Student News  -- March 11 , 2014 There are still more questions than answers in the disappearance of a Malaysia Airways passenger plane , and we 'll explain what Interpol is and the role it 's playing in the investigation . We also look at ice levels in the Great Lakes and how ships will get through the freeze . Also covered : Snow helps ease a U.S. drought , and a "  new " dinosaur is identified in Portugal . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were producing a news show , what kind of audio and images might you include in a report about a newly discovered species ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Interpol 2 . Lake Michigan 3 . Torvosaurus gurneyi Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What happened to Malaysia Air Flight 370 ? In what areas are rescuers searching ? What is Interpol ? How is this organization involved ? What suspicious circumstances have surfaced around this flight ? According to Interpol , how many times last year were travelers able to board planes without having their passports screened against Interpol 's databases ? According to the video , why is this happening ? 2 . Who is Edward Snowden ? Why is he currently living in Russia ? What is the U.S. government 's view of his actions ? How do his supporters see him ? 3 . Why are icebreaking ships vital on the Great Lakes ? How do these ships work ? According to the video , what percentage of the Great Lakes was covered in ice this year ? 4 . According to the video , what is one upside of a snowy winter for some farmers ? How can this result benefit a farm 's output ? How much rain does 20 inches of snow produce ? What region of the U.S. could benefit most from this winter 's melting snows ? A year ago , what percentage of the U.S. was experiencing drought conditions ? What percentage is experiencing drought now ? What region is expected to continue experiencing drought ? 5 . What newly discovered dinosaur species might have been the largest predator to have roamed Europe ? Where was this species discovered ? How do scientists say it compared in age and size to the well-known Tyrannosaurus Rex ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you think can be done to further verify the passports of airline passengers ? If it turns out that there is a link between stolen passports and the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , do you think more countries will take this course of action ? Why or why not ? 2 . What is your opinion of Edward Snowden 's leaking of classified information about NSA activities ? Do you think his actions protected personal privacy rights , do you think they jeopardized national security , or do you think they did both ? Explain . 3 . How might several consecutive drought seasons impact a region 's economy ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Getting the details out of his head and on to paper was Executive Producer Ronald D. Moore 's most important priority of the day . It was the first Tuesday in March , and he had been up late the night before typing out the details of life in the "  17th Precinct , " an innovative new world in which police detectives relied on magic , not forensics , to catch criminals . Writing the "  show bible " was Moore 's way of conveying his vision to his cast and crew . Until a couple of months ago , these ideas existed only in his head . This one document would spell out every detail of life , from the way detectives picked apart a crime scene to the way they could make evidence float off the ground for closer forensic examination . The concept had already taken shape at Sony , where executives had teamed with Moore 's Tall Ship Productions for content . It was then successfully pitched to NBC , where executives agreed to fund the pilot . After that , Moore 's professional life became a frenzied ballet of scripting , casting , coordinating artwork and setting production schedules . He was now just a week away from a table read with the cast , and he already had a crew scouting shoot locations in and around Vancouver . Geeky interests linger The excitement was palpable . In a way , it reminded him of the feeling he had as a 5-year-old boy sitting in his Chowchilla , California , living room decades earlier . When Neil Armstrong took his first uncharted steps on the moon , Moore watched with a sense of awe . For him , a whole new world was unfolding . "  I wrote letters to NASA in first and second grade , and then I found ` Lost in Space , ' " Moore recalls . "  In third grade , I discovered ` Star Trek , ' and that was the defining show of my life . Channel 26 , four o'clock every afternoon . " As Moore got older , he explored the jock route , playing football and running track in high school . He eventually became a self-described "  baseball fanatic , " but that sense of discovery and exploration stayed with him and led to a writing job on "  Star Trek : The Next Generation . " A stint with "  Star Trek : Deep Space Nine " followed and helped launch his budding career as well as helping him earn status with a generation of nerds , even if he never really considered himself a part of that culture . "  I 've never really thought of myself as a nerd , which is not to say others have n't thought it of me . I have referred to myself as a geek from time to time , and my wife sometimes calls me the ` King of the Geeks , ' although considering the hierarchical status of Steve Jobs , George Lucas , et al. , a mere prince might be more accurate . " Like other television writers who eventually move up to become producers , executive producers and , sometimes show runners , Moore was building a body of work that was gaining attention . Running the show Eventually , it would be his executive producer role in the reimagined "  Battlestar Galactica " series that would draw the most critical acclaim . It was also the first time Moore had been a co-creator on a show from beginning to end . He and Executive Producer David Eick just seemed to click . "  Ron is the scariest writer I know " his former producing partner recalls . "  I 'm not sure there 's anything he ca n't do remarkably well . Even within the context of ` Battlestar , ' there was such a wild panoply of styles and emotions -- action , tragedy , melodrama , comedy , philosophy , even music -- all of which I watched him nail . " "  But he 's also weirdly unpretentious , " Eick said . "  We 'd argue about whether something worked , but never whether or not it was ` good , ' because if you tell Ron something 's not good , he does n't take it personally . He just says OK and then does something great . " Moore 's sense of flexibility and vision were solidifying his reputation among his cast and crew . Writer and Executive Producer Jane Espenson first met Moore while pitching show ideas for "  Star Trek : The Next Generation " as a grad student at UC Berkeley . She later joined "  Battlestar 's " writing team . "  There could be a million distractions around him -- he could be on a bad phone connection , in an airport , running for a plane , and he 'd immediately grasp a complex story as five of us shouted it into a speaker phone , and he 'd have the fix , " she said . Moore was acquiring a dedicated following with the show 's success . He understood how much the geek culture 's acceptance by the mainstream had helped his own success as genre material had made the transformation from niche to widespread commercial viability . "  That 's good and bad , " Moore said . "  More projects get made , more material is available , but a lot of it is dumbed down for the general audience , and the intimacy of fan-run conventions is now almost a thing of the past , " he said . "  There was a time when being a genre geek meant you were part of a secret club , and when you wore your Nostromo ball cap  from ` Alien '  or your HAL-9000 T-shirt  ' 2001 '  , the other club members were the only ones who recognized the colors you were flying , and it was a way of connecting . Now it 's all commercialized and merchandized and everyone 's a geek . Guess that 's the price you pay for success . " With "  Battlestar , " Moore had success in spades . He had led a team that was honored with a Peabody Award , and Moore himself was nominated for an Emmy for best writing in a dramatic series , followed by an Emmy win for the "  Battlestar Galactica " webisodes . The show had been a true test of courage and strength and had brought with it valuable lessons in how to run a show . "  The show runners that I know are willing to charge into the barricades over and over again , and you have to be willing to get back up again , " Moore said . "  You 're constantly fighting battles every day with executives , or directors or actors . You are constantly fighting , and you lose a fair number of battles , but the guys just keep going . " But even as he accepted critical praise for "  Battlestar , " there was a line from another scene running through his head . It came from the movie "  Patton , " in which the famous general described victorious Romans returning from battle in triumphant chariots : "  A slave stood behind the conqueror holding a golden crown and whispering in his ear a warning : that all glory is fleeting . " The new journey By the end of March , Moore was wrapping up shooting for "  17th Precinct . " He was guardedly optimistic . He had seen strong performances from the actors , had seen some beautiful effects come to life , and had even been a little surprised by how some of the characters had popped onscreen . He had been in the business long enough to know that what he had in his head would seldom compare to what was actually shot . Still , he had a feeling this was going to be good . That morning , he watched a scene being edited in which the cops were using magic to dissect a crime scene . They set up a perimeter and effectively flipped a switch , setting off the magic that literally lifted blood from the ground so that they could see it from all angles . There was no doubt in his mind that this show was going to be something new and memorable . Being an executive producer had its share of tough days and moments where there seemed to be a rush of decisions and nervous energy , but mostly , Moore found it to be calm and enjoyable . Everything was still new , and he felt like he was falling in love every day . As he returned to L.A. for final post-production work , a deadline loomed in his head . He had to have the show turned over to the executives at NBC by May 2 . He 'd make it , but he knew that the weeks of waiting that would follow would be nerve-racking . The delivery May 2 came and went . The show was turned over , but Moore and his team probably would n't hear anything until the 16th . Two full weeks of misery , wasted nervous energy , reading tea leaves and seemingly endless speculation with his agent . But bad news came early . On May 12 , the phone rang . NBC had decided to pass on "  17th Precinct , " and with that , nine months of Moore 's creative vision came to an end . "  It was an ambitious project to take on , it was something different . I was just so close to it . It 's hard after shows like "  Battlestar " to not have equal measures of success after that . That 's a personal thing I have to keep in mind . " So Ron Moore was literally at the beginning again , already plotting a new course and determined to make the experience worthwhile . "  There are creative lessons I 'm trying to draw from , and there were some conceptual mistakes I probably made . But at the same time , you kind of balance that with the knowledge that each one of these projects is unique and they are all special . " As he sat down to go through his drawer of untapped ideas for what comes next , Moore remembered that famous line : All glory is fleeting . But as he 's proved , it 's also attainable .	Watching the moon landing as a child inspired Ron Moore 's work on TV shows He 's worked on "  Star Trek : The Next Generation " and "  Battlestar Galactica " Moore identifies as a genre geek rather than a nerd He recently focused his energy on a new project : the magical "  17th Precinct "
CNN  -- After seeing his three-decade rule come to an end , Yemen 's former president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , will leave the country for Ethiopia this week , ruling party officials said Monday . Saleh returned to Yemen just days ago . However , he was under increased pressure to leave , as Yemenis worry his presence will undermine efforts of the new president , Abdurabu Mansur Hadi . Saleh and Hadi appeared at the presidential palace Monday for a former handover of power ceremony amid cautious optimism and ongoing threats of violence in the country . Hadi , who served as Saleh 's vice president , was elected to the post last week and was sworn in Saturday in the capital , Sanaa . The event cemented a power transfer deal reached in November to end months of protests and violence over Saleh 's longtime rule . Before Hadi became acting president in November , Yemen had been engulfed in anti-Saleh protests . The agreement was brokered by the Gulf Cooperation Council and backed by the United States . Officials with Hadi 's office confirmed Saleh will depart Yemen this week , but would not divulge his destination . There have been discussions about Saleh settling in either Oman or Ethiopia , but the former president has not made a decision , according to a Yemeni government official who asked for anonymity as the official is not authorized to speak to the media . Saleh expressed his support for Hadi at the ceremony Monday . "  I would like to congratulate my brother and colleague , His Excellency President Abdurabbu Mansur Hadi , for being elected as president of the republic . " Hadi spoke next , saying , "  Today , we welcome and bid farewell . ... Welcome a new leadership and we bid farewell to the leadership . ... This means that we lay new rules for the exchange of peaceful transfer of power in Yemen , because security and stability is the basis of development . " Acknowledging the numerous challenges faced by Yemen , Hadi added , "  We are in front of a difficult and complex time and the Yemeni people , who in millions participated in the early elections , gave a clear message for standing with security and stability in order for better change . " At the end of the ceremony , Saleh handed a Yemeni flag to Hadi . While the handover was taking place , and in a sign of just how much anger is still directed at Saleh , more than 1,000 protesters marched from Change Square toward Hadi 's house , demanding Saleh 's prosecution and condemning Hadi 's appearance with the former president . On Saturday , Hadi promised to continue the fight against al Qaeda , calling it "  a religious and national duty " for citizens of his nation . But as he was being sworn in , a deadly car bomb killed more than 20 security force members in another part of the country . The explosion occurred near the presidential palace in Mukalla , the provincial seat of Hadramout province , a senior security official and an eyewitness said . The Mukalla palace is one of several presidential palaces throughout the country . Hadramout province is in the country 's east ; Sanaa is in the west . "  Yemen is a country where such attacks take place , so this is not a surprise , " said Ali Saeed Obaid , a government official . No one immediately claimed responsibility . Speaking about the fight against al Qaeda , Hadi said he hoped an effort to eradicate militants would lead to the return of displaced persons to their towns and villages . "  The country does not need additional crises to deepen its wounds , as the next period requires serious dialogue and clear outlines through a new constitution that meets the national expectations , " Hadi said . U.S. President Barack Obama called Hadi to congratulate him and to say that the United States "  will stand with the people of Yemen as they continue their efforts to forge a brighter future for their country , " according to a White House statement . "  Under President Hadi 's leadership , Yemen has the potential to serve as a model for how peaceful transitions can occur when people resist violence and unite under a common cause , " Obama said , noting that much work still lies ahead . Hadi received 99.8 % of the 6.6 million votes cast in Tuesday 's election , according to Mohmmad Hassan al-Hakimi , chairman of the Supreme Committee for Elections and Referendum . Saleh , who led Yemen for 33 years , was wounded in a June assassination attempt at his presidential palace during battles between government troops and tribal fighters . "  Saleh has the option to continue involvement in politics , and the power transfer deal will not force him to step aside , " said Abdu Ganadi , his senior aide . "  He is the leader of the GPC , and his voice and support will continue being heard in the GPC . " But the U.N. envoy to Yemen , Jamal bin Omar , said the Arab nation "  is turning the page . " He said a coming "  national dialogue conference " will be an "  opportunity to draft a new constitution that will be a new social pact among the Yemenis . " Human Rights Watch has called on Hadi to make changes without delay . "  Yemen 's potentially historic transition will be off to a shaky start unless Hadi makes an immediate break with the abuses of the past , " said Letta Tayler , the group 's Yemen researcher . "  Yemen 's new leader needs to move decisively to usher in promised reforms that uphold human rights and the rule of law . " The 65-year-old Hadi is a British - , Egyptian - and Soviet-trained army officer , recently promoted to field marshal . He had been vice president since 1994 and ran for a two-year term as president on pledges of improving security and creating jobs . But he 's never had much of a power base , and Yemen 's problems are expected to take longer than two years to fix . Yemen is the poorest country in the Middle East , with a severe shortage of water and rising levels of malnutrition among its population of about 25 million . Saleh faced a separatist movement in the south , sectarian tensions in the north and the growing presence of what Western officials describe as al Qaeda 's most dangerous affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Kindah Shair contributed to this report .	Ali Abdullah Saleh is headed to Ethiopia , officials say Abdurabu Mansur Hadi is Yemen 's new president Saleh led the country for 33 years Obama : Yemen could "  serve as a model for how peaceful transitions can occur "
It 's a sunny afternoon at Modern Sky , one of China 's most popular outdoor music festivals , and 21-year-old rapper Yu Jialang is making his first appearance . Hands held high , excited fans crowd the stage to cheer for Yu , who describes himself as "  the baddest boy " from his neighborhood , as he busts rhymes in Chinese . "  I make good stuff but I never imitate . Let me tell you a lil ' something about the hood I come from . Listen up . " Yu is a Beijing university student majoring in drama and film literature , but his true passion is hip-hop . He wants to become one of China 's few professional rappers . "  Everyone I know , who 's really into rap music , will try to be a rapper , " he says . "  It just feels natural for us to start rapping , to have the urge to make our own music . " Yu grew up in Dingfuzhuang , a small village that has become part of Beijing 's urban sprawl -- a topic that informs his lyrics . "  Where I come from , there ai n't no kind elderly playing chess in  the  cool shade , " he rhymes in one song . "  Only gamblers playing poker and bag-snatching thieves . " Growing fan base Yu has been playing gigs at local clubs since beginning of the year and has built up a fan base among young Beijingers . He also volunteers for a popular hip-hop radio show , "  Xi Ha Gong Yuan "  the park  , where he make occasional appearances , and promotes his music through Chinese social media platforms like Weibo and Wechat . Started by DJs Kong Lingqi ` Def Jef ' and Wes Chen in 2006 , the radio show has been actively promoting hip-hop culture in China and holds gigs to provide stages for local rappers to perform . This year , they teamed up with the organizers of Modern Sky to set up a stage especially for hip-hop artists . China 's music festivals are usually dominated by rock bands and folk singers . U.S. rappers like Eminem and 50 Cent have been popular since early 2000s but it was only after the Beijing Olympics in 2008 that home-grown hip-hop found a fan base . In 2008 , Beijing-based rap group In3 brought hip-hop to public attention with their "  Beijing Welcomes You Back , " a song dedicated to the Olympics . With its catchy rhymes and lyrics , the song went viral online soon after it was released . Individuality College student Wang Dazhe , 20 , has been fan of hip-hop music since high school and was Yu 's back-up act at the festival . Wang says rap has become more popular among Chinese youth in recent years because his generation has been raised to pursue individuality . The genre allows them to express their emotions more directly than their elders . "  When I was in high school , I wanted to be different , " says Wang . "  And hip-hop music is stimulating , it made me feel excited though I did n't understand much of the lyrics . " He first listened to legendary U.S. rapper Tupac Shakur . Now his latest favorite is Los Angeles-based Kendrick Lamar . But compared to U.S. rappers , Wang says he prefers Chinese artists . "  Chinese rap shares a similar form with hip-hop in the U.S. , but they 're quite different . Hip-hop in the U.S. now is more about entertainment . " "  Chinese rappers tend to tell stories of their everyday life , which I 'm more emotionally attached to . " At the festival , crowd favorites were about city life -- the demolition of a historic building to a traditional local cuisine . In cities like Chengdu in China 's southwest , where residents prefer to use dialect rather than standard Mandarin , rappers use their local tongue . Underground genre Kong believes hip-hop is getting bigger in China , with rap communities forming in cities across the country : "  It 's very much like hip-hop in the early 90s in the States where you have a lot of people that like the music and a lot of people that are making the music . " But unlike Chinese rock music , which enjoys tremendous mainstream popularity and huge commercial success , hip-hop still remains very much an underground genre . As Kong points out , its popularity has n't really translated into record deals and profits , especially for young artists like Yu . "  Record companies  and  music festivals , they do n't know hip-hop and they 're not ready to gamble on hip-hop , " Chen says , "  Because of that , the artists struggle . " Yu , who 's in his last year of college , is willing to take a chance that the market for Chinese rap will blossom . "  While mainstream rappers , like Eminem , have a huge fan base . Underground rappers can also make a good living , " he says . But he also knows it 's going to be an uphill battle . "  I can just focus on making music and leave the rest to time and destiny . " Likewise , Kong and Chen are optimistic about the future of Chinese hip-hop . They believe there will be more opportunities for rappers and more people to enjoy the music , with the new stage at the Modern Sky festival just the start . "  We had the smallest stage , with the biggest crowd . "	Yu Jialang is one of China 's emerging home-grown rappers Fans say hip-hop allows a younger generation to express their individuality Lyrics are often about social problems and city life An underground genre , there is little money to be made
CNN  -- In her first televised appearance since Cory Monteith 's death , Lea Michele took the stage at the Teen Choice Awards on Sunday night and dedicated her Choice TV Actress -- Comedy prize to her late "  Glee " co-star and real-life boyfriend . "  I wanted to dedicate this award to Cory , " she said while fighting back tears . "  For all of you out there who loved and admired Cory as much as I did , I promise that , with your love , we 're going to get through this together . "  Glee " central : See full coverage "  He was very special to me , and also to the world , and we were very lucky to witness his incredible talent , his handsome smile , and his beautiful , beautiful heart , " she continued . "  So whether you knew him personally or just as Finn Hudson , Cory reached out and he became a part of all of our hearts â $ " and that 's where he 'll stay forever , so thank you guys so much . " Lea Michele back to work after Monteith 's death Before Michele collected her prize , the whole "  Glee " cast accepted the Choice TV Comedy award , also paying tribute to Monteith . After Michele 's emotional acceptance speech , a picture of Monteith was displayed on the screen with the text "  Cory Monteith : 1982-2013 . " "  Glee " returns to Fox on Thursday , Sept. 26 , and the third episode of season 5 will address Monteith 's untimely death . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lea Michele of "  Glee " won a Teen Choice Award for TV Actress -- Comedy Michele dedicated the win to her late boyfriend and co-star Cory Monteith "  He became a part of all of our hearts , and that 's where he 'll stay forever , " she said .
CNN  -- In what the U.S. State Department is calling a "  historic step , " the U.N. Human Rights Council passed a resolution Friday supporting equal rights for all , regardless of sexual orientation . The resolution , introduced by South Africa , is the first-ever U.N. resolution on the human rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered persons . It passed with 23 votes in favor , 19 opposed and three abstentions amid strong criticism of South Africa by some African nations . Suzanne Nossel , deputy assistant secretary of state for international organizations , told CNN , "  It really is a key part in setting a new norm that gay rights are human rights and that that has to be accepted globally . " "  It talks about the violence and discrimination that people of LGBT persuasion experience around the world , " she said , "  and that those issues ... need to be taken seriously . It calls for reporting on what 's going on , where people are being discriminated against , the violence that is taking place , and it really puts the issue squarely on the U.N. 's agenda going forward . " Divided opinion continues among some countries about whether the time has come to take up gay rights in the U.N. forum , Nossel said , "  so this resolution is really significant as far as gaining widespread support for doing just that . " The State Department lobbied intensively for the resolution , and Nossel said the United States was pleased to see African leadership , from South Africa in particular , as well as strong support from South America , Colombia and Brazil . The resolution also will commission the first-ever U.N. report on the challenges that lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered people face around the globe . Nossel said the Obama administration hopes it will "  open a broader international discussion on how to best promote and protect the human rights of LGBT persons . " In March the U.N. Human Rights Council adopted a statement , supported by 85 countries , on gay rights called "  Ending Violence Based on Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity . " Friday 's vote "  marks a victory for defenders of human rights , " said Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . "  It sends a clear message that abuses based on sexual orientation and gender identity must end . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has made gay rights a key focus of the State Department 's human rights agenda , expressing her view that "  gay rights are human rights and human rights are gay rights . " At a gay pride event this month at the State Department , Clinton said , "  Men and women are harassed , beaten , subjected to sexual violence , even killed , because of who they are and whom they love . Some are driven from their homes or countries , and many who become refugees confront new threats in their countries of asylum . In some places , violence against the LGBT community is permitted by law and inflamed by public calls to violence ; in others , it persists insidiously behind closed doors . " Nossel told CNN , "  it 's not like discrimination or violence are going to end overnight " because of the U.N. resolution , "  but now ... when there are proposals in parliaments or legislatures around the world to illegalize gay activity or repress people because of their sexual orientation , opponents can point to this and say , ` Hey , the U.N. has spoken out , there is a resolution that rejects this squarely . ' "  That is the way these international norms are built , " she said . "  It 's not from scratch . On women 's rights , on minority rights , it builds up over time . So this is really a critical beginning of a universal recognition of a new set of rights that forms part of the international system . " .	U.N. Human Rights Council resolution passes 23-19 , with three abstentions Some African nations criticize South Africa , which introduced the gay rights measure The move "  puts the issue squarely on the U.N. 's agenda , " a U.S. official says "  This is really a critical beginning of a universal recognition of a new set of rights , " she says
CNN  -- If you view a tablet as a guilty pleasure , like I do , then buying the Kindle Fire should make you feel a little less guilty . Amazon 's new device does n't replace a computer for doing e-mail or composing documents , but it 's a fun hub for personal entertainment . And at $ 199 , Amazon has managed to greatly undercut the price of Apple 's iPad , the dominant tablet , and still churn out a good product . Apple calls its iPad "  a magical and revolutionary product at an unbelievable price . " Consider now that for the iPad 's $ 499 price tag , I could buy two Kindle Fire tablets and still have cash left over for downloading apps and movies . However , except for price the Kindle Fire falls short of the iPad in just about every category . The iPad 's processor is faster ; its software is more abundant , capable and polished ; its storage space is larger ; its screen is bigger ; and its body is more slender . Still , the Kindle Fire is a good Wi-Fi tablet , and the price is fantastic . After testing the device this week , I found the Kindle Fire is the most impressive iPad rival among the dozens of tablets that have flooded the market this year . Other iPad competitors have not sold well , but the new Kindle will likely have a different fate . The Nook Tablet , which also came out this week but which I have not tested at length , costs $ 50 more and has weaker multimedia offerings . Amazon and Barnes & Noble are squaring off with a new line of inexpensive black-and-white e-readers , too . Yes , those are still around , and bookworms love them . Size , components and features Many tablets are much faster and have more bells and whistles than the Kindle Fire , which does n't have cameras , GPS or a microphone .  The latter is especially strange because even the year-old black-and-white Kindle has a microphone .  Unlike other tablets and e-readers , there also is no version of the Kindle Fire with cellular-data connectivity , meaning that would-be Web surfers are limited to areas with Wi-Fi . Forgetting for a moment about the guts inside , the Kindle Fire does not feel cheap . The back is rubbery and does n't slip out of my hands . It 's not ultra thin , but it 's girth and weight makes it comfortable to hold for long periods of time , like a paperback book . Because the Kindle is significantly smaller than the iPad -- with a 7-inch-wide screen versus the iPad 's 9.7-inch more boxy display -- it weighs about a third less . The built-in speakers sound OK and get about as loud as an alarm clock . There is also a place to plug in headphones . But the Kindle 's battery loses a charger much faster than the iPad . I was able to surf the Web and play videos for several hours , but I found myself frequently searching for a charger after that . That Amazon skimped on some of the components becomes evident when swiping through menus , switching the screen 's orientation or playing games , which can all be jerky at times . The split-second delays are even present when turning pages on a Kindle e-book , which should be the pride of an Amazon device . The lack of a microphone means no Skype or other Internet telephony programs . Browser and OS Amazon 's Silk Web browser has the features I 'd expect and can play most videos found online . Amazon touts the browser 's unique speed enhancements , but probably due to the device 's lower-end components , it does n't show . Web pages generally take a few seconds longer to load than on computers or other tablets . Also , I am somewhat uncomfortable with the idea that Silk , as a means of speeding up load times , sends information from every page I visit to Amazon 's servers . This Kindle 's operating system is based on Google 's Android , but Amazon has changed it so extensively that I barely noticed the similarities . A setback to this approach is that Amazon did not include some basic features , like the ability to copy and paste text , or to quickly switch between running applications . But overall , the interface is attractive and neatly laid out . On the home screen , the top bar allows me to search for content on the device or search the Web with Google . Below that is a list of categories like news , books , music and apps . In the main area , I have a bookshelf that includes recently opened items or apps organized in a carousel , plus other shelves full of my favorites . Movies and e-books Amazon 's multimedia offerings are pretty extensive and have been available on other platforms for some time . The company runs the biggest e-bookstore and the second-biggest music download store . Many publishers offer their newspapers and magazines in the Kindle newsstand , but the Kindle Fire 's small screen size is not ideal for reading , say , an issue of Bloomberg Businessweek or the New York Times front page . The built-in Amazon shopping app is well designed . Each Kindle Fire comes with a free 30-day subscription to Amazon Prime , whose primary perk  for $ 79 a year  is free two-day shipping on every item the company sells . The Prime membership also gives new Kindle Fire owners a taste of its Instant Videos service , which has 13,000 movies and TV shows available for streaming on demand . Tens of thousands more are available for purchase . For those who prefer Netflix , that company released a new version this week for the Kindle Fire and other Android tablets . But overall , Amazon 's Appstore carries far fewer apps than Apple 's online store and even Google 's own Android Market . Developers are required to list their Android apps separately with Amazon .  Yes , the Kindle Fire does have "  Angry Birds . " A few bugs The bare-bones e-mail client that comes with the Kindle Fire does not support Microsoft Exchange , which many companies use for their e-mail system . The app encourages users to download another e-mail program from the Appstore , but it does n't specify which one to get . Holding the tablet upright and typing with my thumbs is fairly efficient , but the system occasionally does n't register my taps right away if I type fast . I also ran into several bugs throughout the Kindle 's software . Sometimes my Fire would crash for no reason , and other times , images would not show up in the gallery . Some third-party developers apparently did not account for Amazon not including volume buttons on the hardware , and so I had to adjust the volume from the settings menu activated by tapping the menu bar . These are issues that I expect will get fixed over time through software updates . The bottom line The overall software experience is pleasant and integrated from top to bottom . I am never asked to punch in my credit card to buy things , which is convenient . When I first turned on the Kindle Fire , the software recognized who I am because it was already tied to my Amazon account . After a few clicks , I was set up without ever connecting to a computer to synchronize anything . The music I bought through the Amazon MP3 store and the books I 've gotten through the Kindle Store were all ready to go . The iPad remains the superior tablet , and it 's the closest I 've found to replacing a laptop . But I would n't discount a less capable competitor . The Kindle Fire is a good entertainment device at a price that 's truly unbelievable .	Amazon 's Kindle Fire is a multimedia-heavy touchscreen tablet computer It 's significantly cheaper than the iPad , the undisputed leader in the tablet market The Kindle Fire first went on sale this week Reviewer : Kindle Fire is a good entertainment device at a price that 's truly unbelievable
CNN  -- The Sinjar Mountains rise suddenly from the endless desert of northern Iraq , a ridge of craggy rock some 50 kilometers  30 miles  long , running east to west . Barren and windswept , some 1,400 meters  4,600 feet  high , they make a forbidding sight . But for centuries , they have been the refuge of the desperate and a place of mystical importance . Last week , the mountains saw another influx , as tens of thousands of people tried to escape the rapid advance of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , which now calls itself the Islamic State . Many of them were Yazidis , fleeing the town of Sinjar and surrounding villages in convoys of dozens of vehicles . The lucky ones used smuggling routes to cross into Syria and back into Kurdish-controlled areas of northern Iraq . The less fortunate were either seized by ISIS militants or headed into the mountains . The Yazidi are an ancient religious sect -- mainly ethnic Kurds -- that worship an angel figure held by many Muslims to be the devil . ISIS has executed Yazidis who refuse to convert to its extreme ideology . By Sunday , according to Iraqi and Kurdish sources , as many as 20,000 had been able to leave the mountains -- perhaps half of those who had been stranded for nearly a week . U.N. agencies estimated late last week there were as many as 50,000 people in the mountains . Kurdish peshmerga forces appear to have secured an escape route , but a hazardous one with ISIS militants still roaming the area . According to some accounts , Syrian Kurds also helped people use parts of northeastern Syria under their control to reach Kurdish areas of northern Iraq . U.S. airstrikes Saturday against several armored personnel carriers used by ISIS in the area may have helped the escape . But President Obama acknowledged Saturday that securing safe passage for those still stranded would be "  logistically complicated . " Donatella Rovera of Amnesty International , who is in the region , spoke Sunday of families that had escaped , arriving in the town of Fishkhabour after a circuitous trek through Syria "  in terrible condition , fainting from exhaustion . " Some had told her that ISIS had abducted women and girls . Unless food and water reach those remaining , mainly on the southern slopes , they have an impossible choice between dying of dehydration and giving themselves up to ISIS . Daytime temperatures exceed 30 degrees Celsius  86 Fahrenheit  . Video of a Kurdish relief mission showed a helicopter landing with supplies on a barren scarp . Hundreds of desperate people ran toward it . Twenty lucky ones were able to scramble aboard for the return flight , many of them hysterical . A few dozen more have been picked up by Iraqi helicopters , which have also been bringing aid to the mountains . Photographs from last week showed thousands of people abandoning their vehicles before trekking to higher altitudes , carrying what they could . On the northern side of the range , Christians were also fleeing , as ISIS fighters pushed toward the mountains from two directions . A few took refuge in caves , according to those who have escaped . Many more wandered the boulder-strewn slopes . The U.S. Air Force has carried out three relief drops on successive nights since Thursday , which have included some 50,000 ready-to-eat meals . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the Pentagon had "  pretty solid information " that of the 72 bundles dropped by C-17 and C-130 aircraft in the first mission , more than 60 had reached "  the people who were trapped up there . " Two more U.S. airdrops followed , the latest on Saturday night , as well as one by the Royal Air Force . The U.N. Children 's Fund -- UNICEF -- estimates that at least 20 flights would be needed to keep the thousands trapped alive for a week . France is also planning aid drops . Crossroads of conflict The Yazidis settled in the area around Sinjar in the 12th century . The mountains on which they now suffer had a special place in their beliefs . Yazidi tradition held that Noah 's Ark had come to rest on the summit . As a minority , they are no strangers to conflict and persecution . Through the ages , cultures , religions and ethnicities have competed and clashed in this part of Iraq . In the early 19th century , the Kurds , Arabs and Yazidis all had different names for Sinjar . Kurdish fighters invaded Yazidi lands , killing hundreds . Frederick Forbes , a British colonial officer who visited the area in 1838 , said the Yazidis had "  kept the whole of the country between Mosul and Nisibin in a state of alarm " until being "  pacified " by the Ottoman Empire . When he reached the town of Sinjar , Forbes found a fertile place fed by mountain streams , but the "  ruins of many Mohammedan buildings " recalled earlier battles . Another colonial visitor , Gertrude Bell , wrote in the 1920s that "  until a couple of years ago the Yezidis were ceaselessly at war with the Arabs and with everybody else . " Everybody else included the Turkish army , which had tried to force the Yazidis to convert to Islam in the last few years of the 19th century , a story told by the traveler Oswald Hutton Parry in his "  Six Months in a Syrian Monastery , " written in 1895 . After the Yazidis had been told to convert , Parry wrote , "  none responded . Christianity they were less unready to accept ; the Christians were their friends and fellow-sufferers . Islam had always cursed and persecuted them . " So the Sultan sent troops commanded by his son to Yazidi villages . "  The soldiers slew in all some five hundred men . ... The pretty women and girls he took captive , marrying them by force to his soldiers . " The Yazidis did indeed see Christians as fellow sufferers . A hundred years ago , they helped Armenian Christians fleeing Turkey to settle in the shadow of the Sinjar Mountains , along with Chaldean and Syriac Catholics . But in the spring of 1918 , Turkish forces arrived and destroyed the settlement as well as many Yazidi homes . For a while after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire , the Yazidis were unsure whether they would end up as part of Iraq or Syria . Eventually , in 1933 , an international commission placed Sinjar inside Iraq -- a decision by colonial overlords that would later haunt the Yazidis . During Saddam Hussein 's rule , many of their settlements were razed and their inhabitants forced into "  collective villages " as a buffer against the troublesome Kurds . As Matthew Barber writes in the blog Syria Comment , "  Saddam bulldozed countless Yazidi towns until there was nothing left but gravel , and then forcibly moved their former inhabitants into collectives situated in locations that served his strategic interests . " At least one of those collectives saw its population swell with refugees from Sinjar in recent days . Even after Hussein was overthrown , there was little peace for the Yazidis . Relations with Sunni Arabs remained tense , and after a 17-year old Yazidi girl in the town of Bashika was suspected of having a relationship with a Sunni teenager , extremists murdered more than 20 Yazidis . The girl was stoned to death by her own relatives for daring to have an "  impure relationship " -- a so-called honor killing . At the time , the region was a stronghold of al Qaeda in Iraq and a conduit for militants arriving from Syria to fight U.S. forces . Suicide bombings in August 2007 targeted Yazidi communities in and around the town of Qahataniya , killing nearly 200 people . One U.S. military raid near Sinjar in October of that year uncovered hundreds of al Qaeda documents listing foreign fighters who had passed through the area . Now another -- much more powerful -- surge of Islamist militancy threatens the existence of one of the Middle East 's most vulnerable peoples .	Tens of thousands of people are trying to escape militants from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria Many of them are Yazidis , who fled into the Sinjar Mountains last week Members of the religious sect worship an angel figure held by many Muslims to be the devil Sources say as many as 20,000 have been able to leave the mountains , but many remain
PALMETTO , Georgia  CNN  -- The idea of investing in new home construction and high-end restaurant businesses would send most entrepreneurs running these days , but developers in a small community in rural Georgia say they 're still growing . The community of Serenbe in rural Georgia is surrounded by 40,000 acres of dense forest . At first glance Serenbe is a bucolic scene of horses and stables ringed by 40,000 acres of dense oak and pine forest , but as you drive around the first bend , a collection of look-alike white houses emerges , giving the distinct impression of a conventional high-end housing development . But a 21st century high-tech eco-village soon emerges from the mists . There are paths leading to water recycling facilities , composting , recycling , and 25 acres of organic-certified farmland , four of which are planted with anything from hops for beer making to sweet peas . A silver sign is prominently displayed in recognition of Serenbe 's ecologically sound construction , proving that Serenbe is not the average cookie-cutter housing development . Serenbe , a community founded on principles of farm-to-table cooking and environmentally conscious building techniques , has seen its fortunes rise while the rest of the country struggles . The development 's founders have sold four homes and five building lots at the development since January alone , and they believe that innovation may be just the thing the economy needs . Founders Marie and Steve Nygren say they 're running their business the old-fashioned way : looking back to what they call a "  village model , " where people shop and dine locally , helping to sustain each other 's business while also creating less waste . "  People are looking for what 's important , quality of life , for them and their children . Many of the residents want to know their neighbors , and we 're creating public spaces where they can interact , " Steve says . The community started small : the Nygrens bought a farmhouse and 90 acres of land back in 1991 . At first they used it as a weekend retreat from nearby Atlanta , but three years later they made it their permanent residence and workplace . Soon the 90 acres became 1000 , the farmhouse became an inn , and the Nygrens developed a vision of community . "  We 're intentional in the way that we respect the environment . It 's about the way you live , the way you interact , the way you eat , " says Marie . It has also been a business success : today Serenbe is a four-year-old upscale housing development , where the starting price for a house is $ 350,000 . In the last three years Serenbe has grown to a community of 160 residents , mostly young families who work in the Atlanta area , the self-employed or retired . So far , 102 freshly built environmentally friendly homes and business spaces have been rented and sold , a small collection of boutiques and galleries has popped up , and at the heart of the community , three restaurants are thriving . See photos of what the community looks like " Hilary White is the latest chef to join Serenbe 's community , and her 18-month-old restaurant , The Hil on the Hill , is now the centerpiece of the community 's small commercial block . White came to Serenbe for the four-acre organic farm that is now steps away from her kitchen . She gets her kale there in the winter , her fruit in summer , and for most of the year enough produce for all of her cooking at the restaurant . Not only does she save fuel and energy by minimizing the products she has to have shipped in , but diners near and far are drawn to the freshness of farm-to-table cuisine . "  The winter is a smaller menu , but in the summer it 's endless , " she says . Harvesting the last delicate bundles of this season 's spinach for tonight 's dinner , she already knows how to use them : "  We like these leaves , nice and crinkly , holds the vinaigrette really well , and it 's just got a real good flavor . " In colder months she makes her culinary creations with hearty winter vegetables like shitake mushrooms , cabbage and Kohlrabi , a water chestnut-textured turnip . But what 's driving the restaurant 's success in these cold economic climes ? Jim White , Hilary 's husband and business partner , says it 's the alternative nature of their business that has saved them from going under . "  We do n't have as much of a roller coaster ride , people are traveling to see us , and they come from the city because of the whole farm-to-table concept . " Watch a farm-to-table cooking demo " Hilary and Jim admit that the restaurant 's sales have slowed recently , but business is brisk enough that they have no plans to scale back . And Serenbe is also bucking some of the national trends , especially when it comes to real estate . According to the National Association of Realtors , new home sales in 2008 were down nearly 37 percent , and it is projected that in 2009 sales could fall another 39 percent . The figures have scared developers away from investing in new types of property , but Steve Nygren says that Serenbe is maintaining sales even now . "  We still have consistent movement , " Steve says , "  and considering the current environment we 're really pleased . " Shelton Stanfill was one of Serenbe 's first full-time residents . Before moving to the development in 2006 he ran Atlanta 's Woodruff Arts Center . He says he was attracted to Serenbe because he saw it as a "  poster child for the anti-sprawl mentality . " Like many other residents , Stanfill was also drawn to the communal feel of the development . "  We lived in Atlanta for 11 years and within four months of being at Serenbe I knew more people by first name than I ever did in my old neighborhood , " he says . When Steve Nygren started building his vision of an eco-community , conventional developers were skeptical about Serenbe , but now Steve says that "  a lot of those developers are coming out now with tape measures and cameras to see what we 're doing . They 're realizing that high-quality environmental developments sell . "	Serenbe founded on principles of farm-to-table cooking , green building techniques Rural Georgia community 's developers say they 're still growing High-tech eco-village is surrounded by oak and pine forest Homes , galleries , boutiques , restaurants all part of community
CNN  -- It was an election night like none other , in every sense of the phrase . In addition to the obvious -- the selection of the nation 's first black president -- Tuesday night 's coverage on CNN showcased groundbreaking technology . CNN 's Jessica Yellin appears live as a hologram before anchor Wolf Blitzer Tuesday night in New York . "  I want you to watch what we 're about to do , " CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer told viewers early in the evening 's coverage , "  because you 've never seen anything like this on television . " And he was right . Cue CNN political correspondent Jessica Yellin . "  Hi Wolf ! " said Yellin , waving to Blitzer as she stood a few feet in front of him in the network 's New York City studios . Or at least , that 's the way it appeared at first glance . In reality , Yellin -- a correspondent who had been covering Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign -- was at the now president-elect 's mega-rally along the lakefront in Chicago , Illinois , more than 700 miles away from CNN 's Election Center in New York . It looked like a scene straight out of "  Star Wars . " Here was Yellin , partially translucent with a glowing blue haze around her , appearing to materialize in thin air . She even referenced the classic movie on her own , saying , "  It 's like I follow in the tradition of Princess Leia . It 's something else . " Watch a behind-the-scenes look at CNN 's hologram project " Jay Leno has poked fun at the hologram , and mash-up spoofs that replace Yellin 's voice with Carrie Fisher 's lines from the movie already are making their way around the Internet . But the million-dollar question on everyone 's mind now : How 'd they do it ? CNN dubbed it a "  hologram " -- a three-dimensional image that 's been reproduced . And it 's the brainchild of a few people . A hologram creates an image using coherent light , such as lasers ; CNN 's technique used conventional cameras to capture multiple images from different angles . "  About a dozen years , I 've been trying to do it , " David Bohrman , CNN 's senior vice president and Washington bureau chief , said to Blitzer on "  The Situation Room " on Wednesday . "  I 've basically been a crazy mad scientist trying to get it done . " The technology involved placing a subject -- in this case Yellin , and later in the evening , musical artist Will.i.am -- in the middle of a bright-green circular room inside a large tent at Obama 's Grant Park victory celebration . The subject was then filmed with 35 high-definition video cameras , barely larger than average point-and-shoot cameras , which ringed the wall of the circular room . The video cameras were 6 inches apart and at eye level , 220 degrees around the subject . Chuck Hurley , the Washington bureau 's senior producer of video and the staffer tapped by Bohrman to manage the execution of the "  hologram , " called it simple chroma-key technology that 's been taken "  to the Nth degree . " Watch the hologram on air " "  Weathermen have been standing in front of green screens for years now , but that 's -LSB- with -RSB- one camera , " Hurley said . "  Now we can do that times 35 , so you can send all the way around the subject . " Hurley said the tiny cameras "  talk " to the New York studio 's cameras , meaning that when a New York camera moves , it "  tells " the cameras in the tent which direction it 's moving and keeps the subject in the correct proportions . On Tuesday night , Blitzer could only see Yellin on a TV monitor across the studio . Technicians placed a round piece of red laminate on the studio floor where she was "  beamed in " so that Blitzer would know where to look . The technology in play was originally developed by Israeli-based company SportVU  pronounced "  sport view "  as a new way of filming soccer games . Gal Oz , a SportVU designer who came to the United States to work with CNN on the endeavor , said it was originally designed "  to create a matrix effect in sports " -- in other words , to provide 360 degrees of perspective for instant replays . But it has n't been used for its intended purpose yet . Instead , for the past three months , the company has been perfecting it for CNN 's election coverage , Oz said . Tuesday night 's live interview of Yellin was essentially the technology 's world debut as well . Hurley and Oz agree that as good as the image looked on television Tuesday , it can look even more realistic . Hurley said the blue glow around Yellin and Will.i.am was added intentionally to avoid confusion . "  We could have had a much crisper , more realistic shot , almost to the extent where the viewer at home would have had no idea even that the person was n't really there , " Hurley said . "  You do n't want to have the effect where it looks so good that for every future live shot , you have people on the blogs saying , ` Oh they 're not really there -- they 're in a studio , faking the moon landing . ' " Hurley said considering it was CNN 's first real "  test launch " with the high-end gadgetry , they were "  beyond thrilled . " That 's not to say there were n't setbacks . For all the preparation that went into the tent and green room in Chicago -- a location CNN staffers dubbed "  Casper " after the friendly cartoon ghost -- there was an equally elaborate setup in Phoenix , Arizona , site of John McCain 's election night rally . CNN correspondent Dana Bash was ready there for her turn in the portal as well . But because the Arizona site did n't go through as much testing in the final hours , and because the election was called in Obama 's favor earlier in the evening than many expected , Chicago 's "  Casper " was the only "  hologram ' venue put to use . Hurley and Oz both said they could n't put a price tag on the total cost of such technology . But could this become a staple of future TV news ? "  We 'll see . It was a little ornament on the tree , " Bohrman said . "  But television evolves , and how we do things evolves , and at some point -- maybe it 's five years or 10 years or 20 years down the road -- I think there 's going to be a way that television does interviews like this because it allows for a much more intimate possibility for a remote interview . " The day after her virtual appearance in New York , Yellin said this kind of new technology is what keeps television news entertaining , even when it 's presenting important political stories . "  We do serious journalism , but we also have fun . This is fun . This is about what we can do , about pushing the envelope and pushing the boundaries , " she said . "  Someday when this is even more advanced , having a fuller visual field for interview subjects could give viewers even more of a sense of people . " Now , in hindsight , Yellin only wishes she could have come up with a better "  Star Wars " joke . "  I was thinking of making an Obi-Wan Kenobi joke -- Obi-Wolf Kenobi , " she said , laughing , "  but I could n't figure out the pun . "	CNN "  beamed " a correspondent from Chicago to its New York studios Tuesday Jessica Yellin appeared to be standing before anchor Wolf Blitzer , who queried her The trick was done with a round green-screen room and 35 high-def video cameras The never-before-seen image already is being spoofed on the Internet and TV
Explosions rocked the Syrian capital early Friday , hours before U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meets with her Russian counterpart to raise pressure on the crisis in the Middle East nation . Clinton meets Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in St. Petersburg amid their nations ' deep divisions over Syria . Their meeting is expected to include a discussion of Russian arm sales to the Syrian regime . Clinton will attend Saturday 's emergency meeting in Geneva , Switzerland , led by Kofi Annan , the United Nations ' and Arab League 's special envoy for Syria . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he hopes the meeting marks a "  turning point " in diplomatic efforts . The United States has advocated a political transition plan in Syria . Russia has opposed the idea that other countries dictate a political transition , insisting that it is a decision for the Syrians themselves . But Lavrov said in Moscow that a transitional period is "  necessary for settling the Syrian crisis and establishing stable and generally acceptable rules and norms , which will satisfy all the Syrian groups . " As diplomats prepared for the weekend talks , violence continued Thursday across Syria . Massive explosions shook the heart of Damascus near the Justice Ministry , state-run media said . Two blasts occurred in a parking lot Thursday outside the Palace of Justice , which houses the ministry , Syrian state TV said . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria said it occurred in the Marja neighborhood of central Damascus . At least three people were injured , and 20 cars were damaged , state TV said . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said more than 140 people , 46 of them government forces , died in violence Thursday . The Local Coordination Committees put the number at 139 , but it counts only civilians and soldiers who defected . Both opposition groups said many of the deaths occurred in Damascus suburbs , mostly in the town of Douma , and in Homs . CNN can not independently confirm the reports of casualties or violence because access by international journalists to Syria has been severely restricted . State media said an armed terrorist group assassinated a doctor and several members of her family in a Homs suburb . It said that "  competent authorities " fought the group , killing 10 and injuring 20 . On Wednesday , bombers killed at least seven people in the headquarters of the al-Ikhbaria television station near Damascus , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . Three journalists and four security guards died , and the attackers ransacked and destroyed studios , the news outlet said . There has been a flurry of attacks in Syria 's major cities of Damascus and Aleppo in recent months , strikes that opposition groups have said the government has orchestrated to discredit anti-regime forces . President Bashar al-Assad 's regime has blamed the attacks on terrorists . "  Terrorist operations of this nature could not be implemented without adequate financing and support in terms of providing money , weapons or persons or through media and political coverage , " Bashar Jaafari , Syrian ambassador to the United Nations , said Thursday . After more than 15 months , unrest in the Arab nation shows no sign of abating . Internationally , tension rose last week after Syria shot down a Turkish jet , an act deplored by NATO and many Western nations . The Geneva meeting will bring together top diplomats of the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- China , France , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States -- and Turkey . Envoys from the United Nations , the European Union and the Arab League also were invited . The meeting of the group , dubbed the Action Group for Syria , comes at a critical time for the country , which has been mired in an uprising since March 2011 that has pitted al-Assad 's forces against rebels calling for his ouster . A peace plan hammered out by Annan fell apart this month after both sides -- the Syrian government and the rebels -- accused the other of failing to abide by the terms to end the killing . Iran has not been invited to the meeting . The United States was against Tehran 's presence despite Annan 's and Russia 's positions that Iran must be involved in helping forge peace in Syria . Lavrov says Iran is an "  influential player in this situation , " and it 's a "  great mistake " to exclude that country . "  It has been said publicly in Washington that the U.S. is categorically against Iran 's participation , " Lavrov said . "  This is a manifestation of a double standard . When the Americans needed to settle some issues related to the security of their troops in Iraq and Afghanistan , they initiated contacts with Iran and agreed on something without any hesitations . " Annan also declined to invite Saudi Arabia , which backs the opposition . Russia did not want Saudi Arabia at the meeting . Russia has been under pressure to stop providing arms to the Syrian regime . A shipment of refurbished Russian helicopters headed for Syria had to turn around and return to Russia after its British insurance company dropped coverage on the ship carrying the aircraft . Russia and China , permanent members of the Security Council , have major trade deals with Syria . Both countries vetoed a U.N. resolution calling for an end to the violence and a transition of power . Photos : In Syrian hospital , no escape from war Former U.S. soldier aids Syria 's wounded	Opposition groups release Thursday casualty figures A Damascus blast injured at least three people U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will attend a meeting on Syria , an official says Red Cross says its teams ca n't reach civilians trapped in Homs
CNN  -- Britain 's phone-hacking scandal has seen former tabloid editor Andy Coulson move from the newsroom into the full glare of its spotlight . Coulson was editor of the News of the World when evidence of illegal eavesdropping at the newspaper first emerged in 2005 . As the fallout worsened , accusations of Coulson 's involvement put even Britain 's Prime Minister David Cameron - for whom Coulson later worked as communications director - on the defensive . On June 23 , Coulson was found guilty of conspiracy to hack phones in a trial that opened last October at the Old Bailey in London , the UK 's Press Association news agency reported . The trial saw prosecutors sift through Coulson 's personal life as well as his professional career , with allegations , by prosecutors , that he and co-defendant Rebekah Brooks carried out a six-year affair being cited as evidence of their level of trust . Coulson began his career in journalism at The Basildon Echo in 1986 , moving to the Sun in 1989 and the Daily Mail in 1993 . In 1994 , Coulson returned to The Sun , editing its "  Bizarre " section , which focuses on showbiz news and gossip . Four years later he was promoted to the position of Associate Editor . He joined News of the World as its Deputy Editor in 2000 , rising to the position of editor when Rebekah Brooks took the role of Chief Executive at News International . In January 2007 , Coulson resigned from the News of the World after its then-royal editor , Clive Goodman , and a private investigator , Glenn Mulcaire , were jailed for hacking into voice-mail messages left for royal aides . Coulson said he knew nothing about the hacking but resigned because he was editor of the paper at the time . In July of that year , then-opposition leader Cameron hired Coulson as his director of communications . Cameron became British prime minister in 2010 , and Coulson moved with him to Downing Street . In January 2011 , Coulson resigned as Downing Street spin doctor as coverage of the phone hacking scandal broadened . He insisted he was innocent but said he had become a distraction for the government . The original police investigation into phone-hacking had ended with Goodman and Mulcaire 's convictions , but reports had continued to surface of the "  dark arts " of the tabloid newsroom and a "  culture of phone hacking . " Police reopened their investigation the same month Coulson stepped down . In April 2011 News of the World officially apologized for hacking into voice mails from 2004 to 2006 . The scandal exploded in July with the revelation that one of the hacking victims was Milly Dowler , a 13-year-old British girl whose phone was hacked after she disappeared in 2002 . She was later found murdered . Arrest Days later , Coulson was arrested in connection with allegations of phone hacking and corruption . "  I came in today voluntarily as I have been offering to do in the last few months , " Coulson told reporters outside Lewisham Police station at the time . "  There is an awful lot I would like to say but I ca n't . " The scandal prompted questions over the British Prime Minister David Cameron 's judgment in hiring Coulson . Cameron went on the defensive at a Downing Street news conference saying : "  The decision to hire him was mine , and mine alone . " He said he gave Coulson a second chance after receiving assurances that he had not been involved in wrongdoing at the newspaper . Questioned at the Leveson Inquiry into media ethics the following May , Coulson said Goodman and Mulcaire 's phone-hacking convictions did come up in discussions with senior party members before he was offered the job . He told the inquiry he had told them and Prime Minister Cameron that he knew nothing about the practice of hacking under his leadership of the paper . He also denied he was hired because of his links to News International -LSB- since rebranded News UK -RSB- , the British arm of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , which runs the UK 's biggest selling daily tabloid , The Sun . Coulson said he had explained to Cameron and then-shadow chancellor George Osborne that his connections would not guarantee the backing of Murdoch 's papers , and that they should reach out to a wide range of news outlets . The Sun switched its allegiance from the Labour Party to Cameron 's Conservatives ahead of the 2010 election , which resulted in the formation of a Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government . Coulson said he never witnessed a conversation that was "  inappropriate " between members of the government and News International . Cameron at Leveson The following month , Cameron also told the inquiry Coulson had given him and others assurances that he knew nothing of the phone hacking while he was editor . Cameron said he knew that Coulson 's appointment would be "  controversial " but that the party felt his experience as a tabloid editor meant he was tough enough for the high-pressure role . The prime minister said he thought Coulson had done "  the honorable thing " in resigning . Asked if he regretted the appointment , Cameron acknowledged it had come back to haunt both him and Coulson . "  You do n't make decisions with 20/20 hindsight , " he said . "  I made the decision I made , " he said . "  I do n't try to run away from it , I just try to explain why I made it . " While in the role , Coulson performed well and behaved entirely properly , he added . In July , 2012 , the Crown Prosecution Service announced that eight people - including Coulson - would face charges related to phone hacking . Charges against one of the eight were later dropped . Coulson said he would fight the charges , stressing that he "  would n't and , more importantly , that I did n't , do anything to damage the Milly Dowler investigation . " He said his tabloid , quote "  worked on behalf of the victims of crime , particularly violent crime , and the idea that I would then sit in my office dreaming up schemes to undermine investigations is simply untrue . " Phone-hacking trial The trial opened in October 2013 . In November , prosecutors alleged that Coulson had a clandestine affair with co-accused Rebekah Brooks from 1998-2004 , which they argued showed the pair 's level of trust . Referring to a letter she had written to Coulson and which was produced in court , Brooks -- who was later cleared of all charges against her -- said : "  Andy and I were incredibly close at the time . He was my best friend . I think that comes across . " She denied there had been a long-standing affair but acknowledged there had been periods of physical intimacy . The alleged affair was seized on by UK media covering the case , with one newspaper - The Independent -- headlining its story "  The affair they did n't expose , " a reference to the tabloid newspapers ' history of revealing other people 's cheating . The BBC and Guardian newspaper reported that when Coulson gave evidence in April - with his wife watching from the public gallery - he said the affair "  should n't have happened . " But he denied that it meant he and Brooks had shared sensitive stories , the outlets said . In January , a former News of the World journalist told the trial that his phone hacking skills were the main reason Coulson had hired him . Dan Evans testified that even "  the office cat " knew about phone hacking at the tabloid . "  Coulson knew it , " he claimed . However , Coulson has consistently denied any knowledge of phone-hacking . He claims he never heard the name of Glenn Mulcaire , the previously convicted private investigator , until Mulcaire 's 2006 arrest for phone-hacking for News of the World . Coulson took the stand at the hacking trial in April . The Guardian reported that Coulson testified that "  with hindsight " he had displayed some carelessness . " Having being presented with all of this -LSB- as a result -RSB- of this very long investigation , I accept that I did not do enough . It does n't mean I was party to -LSB- illegal activity at the tabloid -RSB- , " the Guardian quoted him as saying . Jurors disagreed , finding Coulson guilty of conspiracy to hack phones between 2000 and 2006 . However , they were unable to reach a decision on charges of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office and he will face a retrial on those charges .	Andy Coulson left News of The World after its then-royal editor was jailed for phone hacking Coulson said he knew nothing about the hacking but resigned because he had been editor Then-opposition leader David Cameron later hired Coulson as his director of communications Coulson went on trial in October 2013 . He was found guilty of conspiracy to hack phones
CNN  -- Authorities in the Tamaulipas state attorney general 's office gave conflicting information Monday over whether authorities are pursuing a pair of suspects in the case of a U.S. citizen who disappeared during a sightseeing trip on the U.S.-Mexican border in South Texas . While Luis Homero Uvalle , a spokesman for the office , told CNN the suspects are two brothers who are "  well known to this area " -- identifying them only as "  El 27 " and "  El 31 " -- Ruben Dario-Rios , the chief spokesman for the attorney general said , "  We have nothing official about suspects in the disappearance of David Hartley . I do not know where that is coming from . " Dario-Rios said the lead investigator , Rolando Flores , has not indicated that there are suspects . David Michael Hartley went missing September 30 . His wife , Tiffany , told authorities her husband was shot and killed during a sightseeing trip on Falcon Lake , which bisects the international border . On Monday , Tiffany Hartley , along with David Hartley 's mother , Pam , appeared on several morning talk shows asking for information that will help investigators find those responsible for David 's death and find his body . "  Until we have him back , it 's not final , " Tiffany Hartley said on NBC 's "  The Today Show . " On Sunday , the U.S. Border Patrol , the Coast Guard , and Parks and Wildlife officials were back on the U.S. side of the lake searching for new evidence in the case , Gonzales said . Mexican authorities were searching their side of the lake as well , he said . Authorities from both nations are conducting separate searches and are coordinating and holding regular meetings , State Department spokeswoman Virginia Staab said . But because the disappearance happened on the Mexican side of the border , the United States can not prosecute or make arrests in the case , the sheriff said . Tiffany Hartley was on several CNN shows Thursday recounting what happened on Falcon Lake . She also talked about her feelings about people doubting her account of the alleged attack . Hartley said on HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell ' that "  I know what I know . " "  As long as I know the truth , God knows the truth , " she added . "  And other than that , it almost does n't really matter to me , because I know what happened that day . " Falcon Lake is on the Rio Grande in Zapata and Starr counties in South Texas . The U.S.-Mexican border runs through the middle of the lake . Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , says 60 Mexican personnel , three boats and a helicopter have taken part in the search . Despite the dangers on the Mexican side of the lake , Texas officials on Thursday said that the U.S. side of the body of water remains safe . "  It 's is just as safe now as any other time . However , there is a threat , " said Rep. Ruben Hinojosa D-Texas . CNN 's Justine Redman , Nick Valencia , Dave Alsup and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico authorities give conflicting accounts over suspects Tiffany and Pam Hartley appear on several talk shows Monday David Michael Hartley disappeared September 30 after pirate attack , wife says
CNN  -- As Natalie Portman and Darren Aronofsky 's controversial ballet-horror film "  Black Swan " rolls out internationally , CNN 's arts and culture show icon steps into the world of pointe shoes and tutus . Monita Rajpal travels to St Petersburg , where iconic figures such as Nureyev , Ballanchine and Baryshnikov honed their art . The city is home to the famous Kirov Theatre and its lesser known rival the Mikhailovsky . And its here that a Russian Revolution is taking place as the renowned Spanish choreographer becomes the first non-Russian for more than a century to take command of a major Russian ballet company . He says he plans to brush the cobwebs off the old masters and drag Russian ballet into the 21st century . London is the home of the Royal Ballet and the famous ballet shoe manufacturer "  Freed of London " which supplies 250,000 pairs of pointe shoes each year to ballet companies across the world . icon explores the relationship between shoe maker and ballerina in the company of one of the Royal 's principal dancers . George Ballanchine left St Petersburg to join Diaghalev 's famous Ballets Russes in France , but ended up in the U.S. where he formed the New York City Ballet and created scores of new works which have themselves become classics . Ballanchine himself appointed the brilliant Danish dancer and choreographer Peter Martins , who became the company 's Chief Ballet Master . Martins guides us through the development of one of the world 's most iconic ballet companies . Watch the show at the times  GMT  below : Thursday 27 January : 1230 , 1830 Saturday 29 January : 0730 , 1600 , 2330 , 0430 Sunday 30 January : 0830,1930	The first non-Russian for more than a century to take command of a major Russian company Icon explores the relationship between shoemaker and ballerina Icon is guided through the New York City Ballet by the company 's Chief Ballet Master
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- "  Always you have to run for your life , " says Boo Htoo , who grew up in a refugee camp in Thailand just across the border from Myanmar . Boo Htoo and his family lived at the Maela Refugee Camp before being resettled in Phoenix , Arizona . Ethnic minorities still flee the repressive military regime in Myanmar , formerly Burma . Some 111,000 Myanmar refugees live in nine camps in Thailand , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . Htoo , now 29 , recalls making the long trek with his parents to cross the border when he was about 5 . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a very long way , " he says . "  We do n't have a car , a plane . We do n't have a bicycle to ride . My parents just take what they can carry , and then we started walking across the jungle , sleeping in the jungle . " Htoo and his family are now resettled in Phoenix , Arizona . Thanks to Carolyn Manning and her Welcome to America Project , they got a warm welcome to the big city , complete with furnishings and household items for their first apartment and toys for his two young children . "  That day that I have a lot of American friends in my apartment , " recalls Htoo , "  this is the day that I feel very happy . " For Htoo , it was a remarkable transition from "  a really hard life in the refugee camp . " "  They have a wire fence around the camp ; they put soldiers around the fence , " Htoo says . "  You are not allowed to go outside to work . You do n't have a chance to go to university even if you are willing to go . I can not express the feeling of how difficult it is . " Watch Htoo tell his story " According to the International Rescue Committee , about 2.7 million refugees have been resettled in the United States since 1975 , and 52,000 of those have been relocated to Arizona . Through her Welcome to America Project , Manning helps legal refugees being resettled to Phoenix by the United Nations . Since 2001 , she and volunteers have provided furniture , clothing and support to more than 550 refugee families . Nominate your Hero at CNN.com / Heroes The first family Manning welcomed came to her attention in a local newspaper . Manning 's brother-in-law Terence had died in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in New York . The family in the newspaper was from Afghanistan and had lost a relative to the Taliban . Manning immediately saw a parallel . "  Knowing that Terence was killed innocently and then seeing the Afghan family who had someone killed in their family , I started to make a connection between myself and that family , " Manning recalls . "  We lost a family member , too . The difference was we had a safe place that we lived -- and they had to flee their country . " At a time when many Americans were putting up walls and shunning foreigners , Manning reached out to them . She and her family took up a collection of furniture for them -- and The Welcome to America Project was born . "  They 've been invited here , " says Manning . "  Everybody has a right to find a place where they belong . I want the refugees to feel that this is their home . " The families assisted by The Welcome to America Project typically have languished in refugee camps for 10-12 years , says Manning , and come from countries including Iraq , Myanmar , Liberia , Somalia , Sudan , Nigeria and Bhutan -- places where they were often persecuted because of their race , religion or political views . "  There are a number of different things they have to learn how to do when they first arrive , " Manning says . "  They 've never seen buildings built like ours . They 've lived in huts literally made out of bamboo , with leaves on top . There 's a lot of transition for them . " Watch Manning describe the refugees ' strikingly different backgrounds " Over the last seven years , Manning says , she 's learned a lot from the refugees and finds herself looking at American customs from a new perspective . "  We brought a toaster into a family from Africa and they did n't know what it was , " recalls Manning . "  The woman was very dutiful in watching -LSB- when -RSB- we tried to show them how to toast bread . But then through a translator her response was , ` Why would you want to ruin bread ? ' " Manning says the refugees are resourceful and eager to start a new life , developing strong ties to their new communities , making active contributions , working hard and paying taxes . "  It 's not an ` us and them , ' " she says . "  We 're all part of one humanity . And we 're trying to do what 's right , and what is fair . " Watch The Welcome to America Project in action " As word continues to spread -- the project is currently bigger than ever , says Manning -- The Welcome to America Project is nearing its 600th family donation . Manning says she is n't surprised the project has taken off . "  That 's how Terrance 's life was , " she says . "  Every time he had an idea it was big and bold . He was a very , very generous person . I guess that 's the legacy we 're passing on with the project . " Want to get involved ? Check out The Welcome to America Project and see how to help .	Welcome to America Project helps refugees being resettled in Phoenix , Arizona Carolyn Manning founded the group after relative died in September 11 attacks Myanmar refugee Boo Htoo among 550-plus families the project has helped Nominate your Hero at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- Ricky Gervais says he 's not sure if the lead in "  Ghost Town " -- an anti-social , cynical dentist named Bertram Pincus -- was written for him . Ricky Gervais has established a career playing characters with an abrasive edge . And he 's not sure if he wants to know . "  I 'm scared to ask , " he says in a phone interview from Los Angeles , California . " -LSB- Writer-director David Koepp -RSB- says that when they first had the idea , that it should be played by me , -LSB- and -RSB- they never looked back . Now I do n't know whether that was as they were coming up with it , or whether it was because they found out no one else was available . Steve Carell had said no , Will Ferrell had said no , Jack Black had said no , Ben Stiller had said no ... everyone had said no , and they went , ` Oh , is there no one ... I wonder if HE 'S available . ' "  I do n't know which is closer . I 'd like to think the first one 's closer . " But , he adds , he was more than happy to take the role . "  When I read it , I thought , ` This is me , ' " he says . "  It was my voice ; it 's something I could have written . Even the lines sounded like that grumpy misanthrope I often play . And then they made it even more me . " Watch a clip from "  Ghost Town " with Mr. Moviefone " Indeed , Gervais , 47 , has risen to fame playing characters who are , let us say , less than friendly . On the original UK version of "  The Office , " which he created with longtime writing partner Stephen Merchant , he played David Brent , the socially tone-deaf general manager of a paper company branch office who continually shocked co-workers with his immature jokes and patronizing attitude . He followed that as Andy Millman in "  Extras , " a borderline performer always angling for the main chance . And in "  Ghost Town , " which came out on DVD Sunday , Gervais ' Dr. Pincus ca n't stand to communicate with the ghosts he starts meeting after a near-death experience . He does have a bit of redemption . He strikes up a romance with Gwen  Tea Leoni  , an antiquities expert , and ends up helping out a few of his late comrades . But in Gervais ' portrayal , Pincus retains his abrasive edge . The movie earned generally good reviews and a decent box office upon its late-summer release , with the Boston Globe 's Ty Burr comparing Gervais to a Hollywood legend . "  Someone once said about W.C. Fields that he had the rare ability to despise amusingly . I can imagine no greater compliment than to say that Ricky Gervais seems , at his best , like a young Fields , " Burr wrote . That kind of misanthrope is the furthest thing from the Gervais of the phone interview , an engaging man who answers questions with patience and thoughtfulness . Asked why British actors play socially unpleasant roles so well , he ponders the question , makes asides to how often British actors play villains and "  bumbling fops " and soon offers a disquisition on the differences between British and American culture . Watch more insight on interviewing Ricky Gervais " "  I think we play the loser well because England 's full of them , " he says . "  We celebrate our losers , we celebrate our underdogs , we celebrate those people -- -LSB- and then -RSB- we build them up and then we do n't like them anymore . Whereas Americans celebrate success . Americans are brought up to believe they can be the next president of the United States . British people are told it wo n't happen to you . It sounds like a generalization , but it 's true . " He adds that he just finished writing a film with Merchant called "  The Man from the Pru , " set in early - '70s England . "  It 's about class , and it 's about can you escape being born living , growing up and dying in the same street , " he says . "  I know that 's the same the world over ... but it 's because Britain is so small and so diverse . "  You really could n't get out of your class before celebrity came along . The American class system always seemed a bit fairer to me , because it was built on achievement as opposed to blood . " Since Gervais likes to write his own material , he 's careful about the roles he takes , even with Hollywood beckoning . "  Ghost Town " was a good fit , he says , because he and Koepp hit it off so well . "  The whole thing was really collaborative , " he says . "  I 'm not usually an actor for hire , but this was great . " Indeed , it 's the collaboration that made it , he says . He welcomes that kind of bouncing ideas back and forth , and says he 'd love to do something with Steve Carell , who plays the American version of Brent , Michael Scott , on the U.S. version of "  Office . " The two had a memorably hilarious exchange at this year 's often unfunny Emmy show . "  I would love to host anything with Steve Carell , " he says . "  I would do a cat show with Steve Carell . I would do Computer Nerds ' Mr. Universe with Steve Carell . So if anyone asks me if I will host a show with Steve Carell , the answer 's yes . " Perhaps that could happen soon : Gervais ' name is often bandied about in rumors about awards show hosting duties . However , he adds , he remains in the dark about it all . "  I 'm on a list , " he says . "  But I do n't know what that means . "	Ricky Gervais plays misanthropic dentist in "  Ghost Town , " now out on DVD Role was "  me , " he says , "  something I could have written " Gervais rose to fame with UK "  Office , " "  Extras "
CNN  -- A veteran detective and the murder suspect he was interviewing were killed Thursday in a shooting inside the Jackson , Mississippi , police headquarters . Detective Eric Smith , 40 , was talking with suspect Jeremy Powell , 23 , when the shots were fired , Jackson police said . Other law enforcement officers overheard the gunshots and rushed into the room , said a shaken Chris Mims , a spokesman for Mayor Harvey Johnson . They found both people dead . The incident occurred around 6 p.m.  7 p.m. ET  . One hour later , the situation was contained , according to Othor Cain , a spokesman for the Hinds County Sheriff 's Department , . The Mississippi Bureau of Investigation is leading the investigation into what happened , Mims said . Jackson , a city of about 175,000 residents , is the capital of Mississippi . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Two killed are Detective Eric Smith and murder suspect Jeremy Powell , police say He was interviewing a murder suspect inside police headquarters Detectives overheard gunshots , went into the room and found the suspect and detective dead Mississippi Bureau of Investigation is leading the probe into what happened
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama 's newly revamped Office of Faith Based Initiatives is reigniting a contentious debate across the ideological spectrum over whether religious organizations that accept funds from the government should be allowed to discriminate when hiring . On the campaign trail , President Obama 's views on federal money and discrimination seemed clear . In one corner is a string of religion-backed organizations that have accepted federal funds from the 8-year-old program to advance their secular charity work . President Bush issued an executive order in 2002 that allowed these groups to continue their practice of discrimination with respect to hiring . Specifically , many of the organizations carry policies against hiring outside their religion or hiring homosexuals whose lifestyles conflict with church doctrines . In the other corner are separation-of-church-and-state advocates and human-rights organizations that say the government must constitutionally compel these organizations to follow nondiscrimination laws if they accept federal funding . Anything less , they say , would at best be a violation of church-state separation and at worst an implicit endorsement of discrimination . " -LSB- President Obama -RSB- is under heavy pressure from those who support faith-based hiring in these enterprises to not just eliminate it , " said Ira C. Lupu , a professor at The George Washington University Law School . "  Others say that hiring on the basis of religion is discriminatory and that the government should never subsidize that . As a political matter , there is a lot of pressure from both sides . " Obama himself waded into the debate during the presidential campaign , delivering a widely viewed speech in Zanesville , Ohio , during which he endorsed faith-based programs , but said the beneficiaries of such government aid should be forced to cease discriminatory practices . "  If you get a federal grant , you ca n't use that grant money to proselytize to the people you help and you ca n't discriminate against them -- or against the people you hire -- on the basis of their religion , " Obama said in the July 1 speech at the East Side Community Ministry . But since Election Day , the president and his aides have been far less clear on whether the new faith-based initiatives office will significantly depart from the Bush administration 's policy . In an executive order to be announced on Thursday , Obama does not rescind Bush 's provision to allow faith-based groups to discriminate in their hiring practices , but does provide a legal process for organizations to go through in order to that ensure hiring is legal and non-discriminatory . Administration sources say the new legal safeguard is a "  key step forward " in addressing the thorny issue of faith-based hiring . But Dr. Joel Hunter , a senior pastor at Northland Church in Longwood , Florida , who will be part of a 25-member council of religious leaders in the faith-based office , said the issue is a particularly tricky one for religious leaders . "  We 're going to have to work that out , because on the one hand , you do n't want to use federal funds to discriminate . But on the other hand , we ca n't have religious organizations taking money on the condition that they will hire people who live a lifestyle contrary to what they teach , " he said . If the Obama administration moves slowly on resolving the issue , the new president risks alienating a large bloc of his supporters , many of whom are already wary of faith-based funding from the federal government . "  In an ideal world , there would be no faith-based office , " said the Rev. Barry W. Lynn , executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State . "  But if we must have this office , certain steps must be taken to bring it into line with the commands of the Constitution . " For the faith-based groups , the issue is not so clear-cut . Under the Civil Rights act of 1964 , faith-based organizations have a right to discriminate in hiring with respect to religion . Many of these organizations argue they risk losing their fundamental identity if the government forces them to hire individuals outside their faith . "  To us , it 's not a matter of discrimination , it 's a matter of our faith ethos , " said Samuel Rodriguez , the president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference . "  What they are telling us is to negate who we are in order to acquire federal grants . ... That 's just unacceptable . " Rodriguez , whose organization represents more than 19,000 churches , said he and other religious leaders have directly communicated their concerns to the Obama administration and are confident the president will not seek to rescind the policy . "  President Obama understands he 's at risk of alienating the vast majority of the evangelical community , " Rodriguez said . But opponents argue organizations use the right to hire within their religion as an excuse to implicitly discriminate against gays and lesbians -- many of whom may share the same faith as the organization but are deemed not good practitioners of it . "  The Bush administration 's policies and initiatives that have allowed religious institutions to discriminate against -LSB- lesbian , gay , bisexual and transsexual -RSB- Americans with public money are not consistent with the values espoused by President Obama and his Administration , " Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign said . "  We are hopeful that the new administration will take the necessary steps to address this critical issue of fairness expeditiously . " At Pastor Rick Warren 's presidential forum in August , then-presidential candidate Obama said a distinction should be made between how federally funded groups hire within their own mission and how they hire when it comes to secular charitable work . "  The devil 's in the details , " he said then . "  What we do want to make sure of is that as a general principle we 're not using federal funding to discriminate , but that is only when it comes to the narrow program that is being funded by the federal government . That does not affect any of the other ministries that are being taken , that are taking place . "	Bush faith office allowed religious groups to discriminate in hiring During campaign , Obama said federal money should n't go to discriminatory groups Obama faith office 's position on the issue is unclear so far Religious , secular groups take stands on both sides
Rome  CNN  Italian authorities said they had launched a "  vast anti-terrorism operation " Friday , going after suspects associated with al Qaeda who had discussed a range of targets , including the Vatican . Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden before his death in Pakistan in 2011 , wiretaps showed , Italy 's state-run ANSA news agency reported . And wiretaps and other intelligence revealed that the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in Afghanistan and Pakistan as well as in Italy , according to Caligari Chief Prosecutor Mauro Mura . Some evidence indicated the Vatican was among the targets considered , police said . Talk of this took place March 2010 , around the time a possible suicide bomber from Afghanistan entered Italy , Mura said . Police said , too , that some of the suspects were involved in a Pakistani market bombing in 2009 in which more than 300 people were killed and injured The suspects had been under surveillance for years , some as far back as 2005 , police said . On Friday , Italian State Police closed in , carrying out raids in seven provinces in what they called a first-of-its-kind operation . One of the raids targeted the alleged terrorist cell 's headquarters on the island of Sardinia . The operation , which is still going on , is expected to result in the arrest of 18 people , most of them from Pakistan , said spokesman Paolo Meloni , who represents the police in Sassari , Sardinia , where the investigation is being coordinated . Some suspects had an abundance of weapons and moved cash around the world , police said . One was apprehended on a flight from Italy to Pakistan while carrying 55,000 euros , or nearly $ 60,000 , police said . Meloni said the provinces in which the raids were being carried out included Frosinone and Macerata , which are in central Italy , as well as Bergamo , in the north . Some of those expected to be arrested are suspected of having been involved in the 2009 car bombing in Pakistan , Meloni said . In that bombing , in a bazaar in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar , 137 people were killed and more than 200 were injured . Still other suspects are suspected of involvement in migrant trafficking , he said . Police said the group tried to recruit to its cause the migrants it transported . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome , CNN 's Don Melvin reported and wrote from London and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Police : Some suspects involved in Pakistan blast that killed , injured more than 300 Evidence suggests Vatican was discussed as a possible target in March 2010 , police say State news : Some members of alleged terrorist cell had direct contact with Osama bin Laden
CNN  -- Somalia 's president has spoken out against Kenya 's military incursion into his country , saying his nation 's African neighbor has overstepped its bounds by pursuing Islamic militants beyond its borders . Somali President Sharif Ahmed said Monday that the strike degrades the trust built up between the two countries over the past few decades , and called Kenya 's actions "  not good . " His comments contradict a joint Somali-Kenyan communique issued three days after the Kenyan incursion . In that statement , both countries declared the Islamic extremist group Al-Shabaab "  a common enemy to both countries " and pledged to work together to stabilize Somalia and cooperate in security and military operations . Kenyan forces entered Somalia on October 15 in a strike on Al-Shabaab , a Somali militant group that Kenya blames for the recent kidnappings of foreigners from northern Kenya . The Kenyan forces are ultimately seeking to take the Somali port city of Kismayo , described by the United Nations as a key stronghold and source of cash for Al-Shabaab . The United Nations estimates the group collects up to $ 50 million a year from businesses in Kismayo , about half of its annual income . Somali 's frail Transitional Federal Government , aided by forces from the African Union , has itself been fighting Al-Shabaab militants in the capital , Mogadishu , and reported last week that they had largely pushed the group out of that city . On Monday , the state-run Kenya Broadcasting Corporation reported that Kenyan troops were gearing up for an assault of Afmadow in south central Somalia , a key location in the effort to capture Kismayo . Kenyan forces had pushed 35 kilometers  about 22 miles  north into Somalia as of Monday , KBC reported , and were conducting aerial assaults against Al-Shabaab positions in Kismayo . Kenyan officials declared self-defense justifies crossing the border with Somalia , saying the recent spate of kidnappings threatened its security and constituted an attack . "  If you are attacked by an enemy , you have to pursue that enemy through hot pursuit and to try  to  hit wherever that enemy is , " Kenyan Defense Minister Yusuf Haji said in a news conference Sunday . Al-Shabaab warned Kenya that it would face repercussions if it did not withdraw its troops immediately . Days later , twin explosions in Nairobi killed at least one person . In response to suggestions that the United States might be aiding the Kenyan assault , a U.S. Defense Department spokesman said Monday that it is not providing any advice or assistance to Kenya . Victoria Nuland , a State Department spokeswoman , reiterated that point Tuesday , saying , "  The United States is not participating in Kenya 's current operation in Somalia . " The kidnappings that sparked the Kenyan attack raised the ire of Kenyans and Westerners alike . On September 11 , armed bandits broke into a beachfront cottage where Britons Judith and David Tebbutt , both in their 50s , were staying . David Tebbutt was shot dead while trying to resist the attack . His wife was grabbed and spirited away aboard the pirates ' speedboat . She is believed to have been taken into Somalia . On October 1 , pirates made another cross-border raid , this time snatching a French woman in her 60s from the holiday home on Manda Island , where she lived for part of the year . That woman , Marie Dedieu , reportedly died after her capture . And last week , gunmen abducted two Spaniards working for the medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  from the Dadaab refugee complex , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  from the Somali border .	The Somali president calls Kenya 's incursion to chase down a militant group "  not good " His statement contradicts a joint statement issued by Somalia and Kenya days after the move In the statement , the countries called Al-Shabaab a "  common enemy " Kenyan troops are preparing to battle for a key city on their way to the port of Kismayo
I 'm a quitter and proud of it . November 20 -- the 37th anniversary of the Great American Smokeout -- marks my 28th anniversary without a "  cancer stick . " It was 1986 ; I was 28 at the time and had smoked a pack a day since I was 15 . That 's about 95,000 cigarettes ! All these years later , writing that figure still makes me feel sick to my stomach .  Or should I say , lungs ? The last cigarette : Nine ex-smokers who quit the habit for good Like a lot of teenagers in my day , I started smoking in high school . At the time , 1973 , it was the cool thing to do and if there was anything I aspired to , cool was it . Sucked into the rip tide of popular culture , my juvenile-delinquent brain gravitated toward anything that questioned authority or was anti-establishmentarian , just like my heroes . Too young to go to Woodstock , I could still bang out a Joan Baez tune on my guitar , recite enough lines of Allen Ginsberg 's "  Howl " to prove I was cooler than cool and buy cigarettes . Nobody stopped me . A cigarette dangling from these radical lips was part of the image I had carefully crafted for myself . Cancer ? Did n't give it a thought . And nobody at home mentioned it either . This , despite the fact that neither my mother nor my grandmother , with whom we lived , smoked . The war in Vietnam , the protests against it , the music , Rowan & Martin 's Laugh-In , the psychedelic drug scene , feminism and the whole counter-culture movement was way more intriguing than President Nixon 's war on cancer . Only old people got cancer . Like my dear Uncle Frank , who died at 48 -- an astonishingly young age , I later realized -- of throat cancer , when I was in eighth grade . He started smoking at an even younger age than me . My high school in the suburbs of Baltimore had a smoking lounge my junior year , 1975 . It was outside the cafeteria , so students could smoke before school and during lunch break . Regardless , smoking did n't stop in the bathrooms , and I have plenty of suspensions on my record to prove it . I was addicted . Still , I had a responsible side . I worked like a dog at a pizza joint in town and felt I had earned the right to spend my money the way I saw fit . Heck , I was bringing home $ 52 a week and spending less than $ 3 on my nicotine habit , with cigarettes costing 35 cents a pack . You know you 're hooked when , despite being bedridden with a terrible case of strep throat at 17 , you 're craving a cigarette . Or when it 's 2 in the morning and you 're too tired to drive to 7-11 , so you scrounge through all your ashtrays , fishing for a butt with a modicum of tobacco left . Or you 're with friends and they light up , so you light up because that 's just good social courtesy , right ? It was pathetic . I started coughing my junior year of college , especially in the morning . I was an English major spending all my free time writing poetry and song lyrics . Those Marlboros got me through many all-nighters , typing papers on Sylvia Plath , John Berryman , Edgar Allen Poe . The drinking age at the time was 18 and the college bar scene was hopping . Hell , we were just having fun , were young and invincible and had plenty of time to do "  the adult thing " after graduation . I 'd quit then . But I did n't . It was 1982 and I had moved to Vermont . I netted about $ 100 a week working at a department store , as the demand for poetry and song writers was n't what I had hoped . Depression and cigarettes made comfortable bedfellows . Compared to a lot of things I could be spending my money on , cigarettes were tame and cheaper , I kept telling myself . But a major change was taking place . When I heard that secondhand smoke could harm the people around me , it was hard to swallow . More than two-thirds of nonsmokers and half of all smokers believed smoking was hazardous to the health of nonsmokers , according to a 1978 Tobacco Institute report . I was hurting myself and innocent bystanders . Sadly , it did n't matter enough . By 26 , I was waking up regularly in a cold sweat , my pulse racing so fast I thought I was having a heart attack . Subsequent medical attention ruled out cardiac issues , but a chest X-ray revealed some significant "  shadows " for a person my age . The doctor clicked his tongue annoyed , "  You should give up smoking . It 's just not cool . " For two years , I lived with the horrible burden of panic attacks , not knowing what caused them or how to stop them . Then one day , in a brilliant moment of clarity , I realized that I was scared to die . I was scared to die from the effects of smoking cigarettes . It was all so clear -- I had to quit smoking . I had read about the Great American Smokeout in the local newspaper . It was the following Thursday , November 20 , 1986 . My mother 's birthday . It was the nicest present I could give her -- she did n't think smoking was very ladylike -- and the present I had to give myself . I quit cold turkey and never looked back . Sometimes that first year I would wake up with nightmares that I had started smoking again . I had to shake myself until I realized that I had n't and embrace , once again , my victory over dependence . Twenty eight years later , I 've lived a second life with a wonderful marriage , two beautiful daughters , and many incredible adventures . I 've never once craved another cigarette or had a panic attack . At 56 , I 'm still finding out just how cool life really is . Did you grow up when cigarettes were "  cool " ? Share your story in the comments . If you have a comment or a question for the author , she 'll be joining the comments throughout the day .	November 20 marks the 37th Great American Smokeout Carolyn Choate started smoking at age 12 At 28 , she quit smoking cold turkey Have a personal essay of your own to share ? Submit at CNN iReport
Washington  CNN  -- The burst of enthusiasm for the "  Gang of Six " debt reduction plan as a way out of the debt ceiling crisis has appeared to fade as Democratic and Republican lawmakers studied and found fault with the details of the proposal . Most notably , both sides highlighted well-worn party-line divisions : conservatives complained the plan would raise taxes while liberals warned it would cut entitlement benefits . "  It would be irresponsible for us to try to rush through such a complex package without time for meaningful review , " said Sen. Jeff Sessions , the top Republican on the Budget Committee who said his staff has already identified "  serious flaws " with the proposal . "  This great ` Gang of Six ' would save $ 4 trillion over 10 years , " Rep. Peter DeFazio , a liberal Democrat from Oregon , said sarcastically . "  Seniors will pay more . Working people will pay more . Veterans will pay more . Rich people not so much . But it would save $ 4 trillion over 10 years . " Despite some strong pushback from liberal groups and labor unions to the proposed changes to entitlement programs , House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi seemed to leave the door open to the plan , telling reporters , "  We have n't seen it but it has some good principles in it . " House GOP aides acknowledged some of the ideas for tax reform and spending cuts are similar to Republican-backed plans . But the aides privately cringed when President Barack Obama endorsed the proposal on Tuesday , because his very public embrace makes it even tougher to sell to House conservatives . Ohio Republican Jim Jordan , leader of a large block of House conservatives , dismissed the proposal . He pointed to House passage of the "  cut , cap , and balance " bill , which would make raising the debt ceiling contingent on congressional passage of a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution . "  Forget the ` Gang of Six , ' let 's go with the ` Gang of 234 , ' " Jordan said , referring to the winning number of votes for the measure . He said the "  Gang of Six " plan was a nonstarter for him and for the members of the Republican Study Committee . "  In simple terms : Our guys do n't like it , " he said . With growing signs that the monthslong work would not provide the key to avoiding default , Democratic and Republican leadership aides in the Senate sought to turn attention back to a last-ditch plan developed by Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid . That plan , which is still not finalized , would allow the president to seek an increase in the $ 14.3 trillion debt limit without the approval of Congress , set up a special committee to recommend ways to reduce the debt and possibly include a trillion dollars or more in immediate spending cuts . However , as the August 2 deadline approaches , even that backup proposal appeared in trouble as Republicans continued to say it would not get the votes needed to pass the GOP-controlled House . House Speaker John Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor met Wednesday with the top two House Democrats , Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer . Congressional aides said the leaders talked about the McConnell-Reid plan , among other proposals . While House leaders met to consider next steps in the debt impasse , Republican freshmen continued to insist they were in no mood to compromise . South Carolina Republican Trey Gowdy said he and others want to pass something that 's "  transformative , " not something that kicks the can down the road to another committee to study how to reduce the debt . Asked about the McConnell-Reid plan 's prospects in the House , Gowdy told reporters bluntly , "  If there a state or condition worse than death , that 's what it is . I ca n't think of one , so we 'll just go with death for now . " Some senators said they would like to tie elements of the "  Gang of Six " proposal to the McConnell-Reid measure as a way to salvage the group 's work and to keep open the possibility of deeper reductions in the debt . Conrad said one idea is to allow a vote on the gang 's work if the special committee set up under the McConnell-Reid bill fails to reach agreement on ways to reduce the debt . "  What I would like to see is that this plan gets a vote , " Conrad said . Maryland Democratic Sen. Ben Cardin said it makes sense to tie the McConnell-Reid plan with elements from the "  Gang of Six " proposal . "  That seems to be the most likely formula for a successful completion , " Cardin said . Rep. Steve LaTourette , a moderate Republican from Ohio , said he was encouraged by the "  Gang of Six " proposal but has concerns about how parts of it would work . Joking with reporters , he said both Senate compromises are n't exactly being embraced by House Republicans . "  The McConnell plan is less popular than the "  Gang of Six " plan , but both of them come in at about the approval rating of the United States Congress , " he said .	Conservatives do n't like plan 's tax increases , while liberals do n't like proposed entitlement cuts Democrats , Republicans sought to turn attention back to the McConnell-Reid plan Some want to tie elements of "  Gang of Six " proposal to McConnell-Reid measure
Washington  CNN  -- A former high-ranking CIA official who was involved in the Iran-Contra scandal has worked on an alleged ad hoc spy program that the Pentagon is investigating , CNN has learned . Duane "  Dewey " Clarridge -- who was pardoned for his alleged role in the Reagan-era scandal by President George H. W. Bush in the waning hours of his presidency in 1992 -- is using contacts in Afghanistan and Pakistan to obtain information for the Pentagon , according to former government officials familiar with the current program . They declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue . The Pentagon has launched an assessment of the roles of at least three contractor companies with more than $ 20 million in contracts , according to Pentagon officials Defense Secretary Robert Gates wants to know if bounds were overstepped . He needs "  a factual baseline from which to determine whether or not systemic problems exist , " and how to fix them if they do , Defense Department spokesman Geoff Morrell said Tuesday . The two-week survey will be led by a small team of senior military and Defense Department officials , he said . The assessment was prompted by an investigation -- currently under way -- into a program led by Michael Furlong , a Defense Department official who oversaw contracts aimed at gathering information about Afghanistan and Pakistan . The program was meant to be limited to gathering what is known as "  open-source information , " in which publicly available facts are gathered from , for example , local media and public events . Some of the contractors with the program -- retired CIA officers and former military commandos -- may have instead hired local agents to gather information on the specific locations and movements of particular individuals and passed it along to military officials for possible lethal strikes , according to government officials and private-sector businessmen familiar with the investigation . Federal laws and regulations generally prohibit contractors from directly engaging in intelligence collection because it is considered a crucial government function . The Pentagon is seeking to find out both whether the law was violated and whether funds were inappropriately diverted to conduct these alleged operations . Furlong has denied wrongdoing . "  This is something that I need to know more about , but we do have reviews and investigations going on to find out what the story is here , find out what the facts are , and if it 's necessary to make some changes , I 'll do that , " Gates said Monday . Documents provided to CNN detail sensitive information that contractors gathered , including word of a meeting between Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's brother and Mullah Baradar , a top Taliban leader who was arrested weeks later in Pakistan . At another meeting with Taliban commanders , an audio message from the reclusive leader Mullah Omar was played , in which he directed who would lead operations after a key member was captured . Another document details the comings and goings at a safe house in Kabul , Afghanistan , used by suspected members of the Haqqani insurgent network . Concern within the Central Intelligence Agency about the contract played a role in prompting the investigation , according to officials . Rear Adm. Gregory Smith , a spokesman for the U.S.-led force in Afghanistan , told CNN last week that elements of Furlong 's project were not clear . "  There was ambiguity about how they were going to collect information , " he said , and about whether Afghans were to be used to do the work , and how the information might be used . "  None of us were comfortable with what this contract meant . We wanted to know how they were going to glean information , " Smith said . Smith said he subsequently terminated Furlong 's effort last year because of his concerns . He estimates $ 6 million to $ 7 million of the funds allocated were spent and does not know what happened to the balance of the contract money . Clarridge , the former CIA official allegedly involved in the ad hoc spy ring , worked for the agency for 33 years , heading the agency 's Latin American and European divisions and setting up its Counterterrorist Center in 1986 , according to a Publisher 's Weekly review of his book "  A Spy For All Seasons . " He was indicted in 1991 on federal charges of lying to Congress and the Tower Commission , which investigated the Iran-Contra affair , the review says . Investigators said Clarridge was the man who put then-Marine Col. Oliver North in charge of sending money and weapons to anti-Communist fighters in Nicaragua in the 1980s , in contravention of congressional mandates . Clarridge always maintained he was innocent , referring to the scandal as "  the Iran-Contra nonsense , " Publisher 's Weekly said .	Program used contractors to gather publicly available info in Pakistan and Afghanistan Pentagon investigating whether contractors also hired local operatives to spy Former officials tell CNN ex-CIA agent Duane Clarridge has worked on the program Clarridge was involved in Iran-Contra scandal , was pardoned by first President Bush
CNN  -- Water testing by a private environmental engineering firm has discovered toxic chemicals in wells in a township in Susquehanna County , Pennsylvania . Victoria Switzer , a resident of the northeastern Pennsylvania township of Dimock , revealed the results of the water tests from her well this week at an Environmental Protection Agency hearing on hydraulic fracturing in Binghamton , New York . Hydraulic fracturing , or "  fracking , " is a controversial process used to extract natural gas from deep underground . Critics say chemicals used in the process can be injected into groundwater . How fracking works Farnham & Associates confirmed that ethylene glycol , propylene glycol and toluene were present in her water , Switzer said . "  I 'm fighting for my home , " Switzer said Thursday . "  Has n't this proven that -LSB- fracking -RSB- has n't been done safely ? " The contaminated Dimock wells are in the Marcellus shale formation underneath parts of Pennsylvania , New York , West Virginia and Ohio , one of the largest natural gas deposits in the nation . The profitable natural gas reserve is attracting a flurry of gas companies wanting to drill . Fracking yields fuel , fear in Northeast The tests , which were verified by three certified laboratories , found chemicals in the majority of samples taken from water wells in Dimock , said Daniel Farnham , president of Farnham & Associates , based in Scranton , Pennsylvania . "  For anybody to say this was occurring prior to drilling is ludicrous , " Farnham said Friday . "  The water was not like this before . " In 2008 , Farnham was contracted by Cabot Oil and Gas Corp. , the company working in the Dimock area , to perform pre-drilling tests on numerous wells in Susquehanna County , he said , adding that he did not test for nor discover ethylene glycol , propylene glycol and toluene . Despite his latest findings , however , Farnham said he can not reach any conclusions about the source of the chemical compounds found in the drinking water wells . "  Unfortunately no one can say that right now , until there is a way to track frac fluids , " he said . "  And I think the gas companies know that . " Ethylene glycol , propylene glycol and toluene are on the list posted on the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection 's website of chemicals used by hydraulic fracturing companies in the state . But George Stark , a spokesman for Cabot Oil and Gas Corp. , said his company does not use the chemicals discovered by Farnham & Associates . "  When we look at the ingredients we use in fracking and completing of wells , these chemicals are not found . Toluene is not at all used , " Stark said . "  If you look at what Dan said , he found these and he ca n't trace these to fracking . "  The fact is that we do n't use these chemicals , " Stark said . The chemicals have a number of common applications and appear in products ranging from toothpaste to antifreeze , Farnham said . But they can be toxic in higher concentrations . The Department of Environmental Protection is conducting its own water tests across Dimock , spokesman Tom Rathbun said . "  We want to see if our findings agree with Farnham , " Rathbun said . "  We want to see if we can duplicate it . " Department water tests in April across Dimock for ethylene glycol and propylene glycol were negative , and the agency is testing for "  toluene and a host of other constituents , " he said . On Friday , Rathbun said that Department of Environmental Protection Secretary John Hanger plans to make a "  major announcement " regarding water supplies in Dimock at the end of September . He would not elaborate about the details of the announcement . The Environmental Protection Agency concluded its final hydraulic fracturing hearing on Wednesday in Binghamton . The EPA plans to begin a study in January and release initial results by late 2012 . Switzer is among a group of Dimock residents who sued Houston-based Cabot Oil and Gas in November , alleging that the company contaminated their well water with methane gas and other contaminates . In hydraulic fracturing , drillers pump large amounts of water mixed with sand and chemicals into the shale formation thousands of feet underground under high pressure . Fracturing the shale around the well then allows the natural gas to flow freely . "  This industry is cradle-to-grave , " Switzer said . "  And this baby has teeth . "	Tests show toxic chemicals in water wells in northeastern Pennsylvania Resident says it shows controversial hydraulic fracturing is not safe Drilling company says it does not use those chemicals
EW.com  -- NBC is going to the White House for laughs this fall . The broadcaster has given the family sitcom pilot "  1600 Penn " a series order for 13 episodes . The project is created by "  Book of Mormon " star Josh Gad , former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett and "  Modern Family " director Jason Winer . Bill Pullman  "  Independence Day "  stars as the POTUS  again !  and Jenna Elfman  "  Dharma & Greg "  is the First Lady and stepmother to the president 's children . Gad also co-stars as the president 's out-of-control oldest son . NBC 's new comedy might benefit from the increased interest in politics thanks to the presidential election . The network had years of success with its White House-set drama "  The West Wing . " The order follows several NBC series pickups for fall that have broken recently as the broadcast networks prepare for their upfront presentations to advertisers next week . The network has greenlit a Matthew Perry comedy , "  Go On , " about a charming sportscaster who attends therapy after a personal tragedy , J.J. Abrams ' apocalyptic drama project "  Revolution , " "  Glee " creator Ryan Murphy 's gay family comedy "  The New Normal " and an Anne Heche comedy called "  Save Me . " UPDATE : The network also just picked up a comedy , "  Animal Practice "  previously titled "  Animal Kingdom "  , which is "  centered on a ` House ' - like veterinarian , who loves animals but usually hates their owners . " Justin Kirk and Tyler Labine star . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC has given the family sitcom pilot "  1600 Penn " a series order for 13 episodes Bill Pullman stars as the POTUS and Josh Gad stars as the president 's out-of-control son NBC 's new comedy might benefit from the increased interest in politics
CNN  -- The attorney for the family of slain Ferguson , Missouri , teenager Michael Brown is coming down hard a local newspaper , accusing the St. Louis Post-Dispatch of reporting "  gossip and racist speculation " instead of news surrounding the 18-year-old 's death . Attorney Benjamin Crump is upset about the newspaper 's pursuit of juvenile records on Brown , accusing its reporters of failing to apply the same zeal to obtaining background information on the police officer who killed Brown , Darren Wilson . "  In this new age , where there is a war being waged for clicks and eyeballs , it appears the Post-Dispatch has chosen to forgo its duty to report facts and provide meaningful context and has instead opted to pursue gossip and racist speculation , " Crump said in an open letter to the newspaper 's editor . "  This is deeply disappointing . " Telephone messages and emails from CNN to the newspaper 's public relations office and editor were not immediately returned Friday afternoon . Brown died on August 9 in an encounter with Wilson that set off days of sometimes violent protests in the St. Louis suburb . The Brown family believes the teenager was unfairly killed . Wilson has not publicly given a statement , but police have said the two struggled over the officer 's gun . Race has been at the heart of the case . Brown was black , like two-thirds of his neighbors in Ferguson . Wilson is white , like most of the city 's police department . Michael Brown shooting : Is new video a ` game changer ' ? Crump 's letter follows a decision Tuesday by a St. Louis County Family Court judge to deny the newspaper 's request to obtain any juvenile court records related to Brown . Judge Ellen Levy Siwak did not explain her decision , the newspaper reported . A juvenile court official later told reporters that Brown had never been found delinquent on juvenile charges that would equate to the state 's most serious felonies and was not facing any such charges at the time of his death . That revelation , the Post-Dispatch said Tuesday , "  put to rest claims by a California-based blog and others that Brown was facing a murder charge at the time he was shot to death . " However , Crump said the newspaper continued to press the case despite statements by police and in court that Brown was facing no charges . After Brown 's death , police controversially issued documents alleging that he was a suspect in the theft of cigars from a convenience store shortly before he died , but he was not charged in that incident . Meanwhile , Crump said , the Post-Dispatch "  has n't offered us a single new fact on Darren Wilson 's behavior as a police officer . " "  Where is the petition for his employment records ? Why stop there ? Where are the lawsuits in pursuit of his employment records , police reports , memos and e-mails for the city and county police ? " Crump wrote .	Attorney Benjamin Crump says the newspaper has been biased in its quest for records Crump says the St. Louis Post-Dispatch has n't dug into Officer Darren Wilson 's past But it has chased Michael Brown 's juvenile records , he says He accuses the newspaper of pursuing "  gossip and racist speculation "
CNN  -- The English Premier League has retained its place as European football 's most lucrative competition after revenues for the 2010/11 season increased by 12 % to top # 2.27 billion  $ 3.5 bn  , according to a new report . But more than 80 % of that increase was swallowed up by wages , which rose to # 1.6 billion  $ 2.47 bn  and now make up 70 % of the overall revenue , accountancy firm Deloitte said . The German Bundesliga remained the continent 's most profitable league as operating profits rose to # 154m  $ 238m  , an increase of nearly a quarter on the previous year . In comparison , the Premier League 's operating profits dropped by # 16m  $ 24.8 m  to # 68m  $ 105m  . Big-spending Man City top Premier League value table Dan Jones , from the Sports Business Group at Deloitte , said : "  Top clubs in English football have continued to show impressive revenue growth despite a difficult economic climate . "  Premier League clubs ' revenues increased by 12 % in 2010/11 , driven by broadcast revenue increasing by 13 % to # 1,17 bn  $ 1.8 bn  in the first year of a new three year broadcast cycle . "  This uplift was primarily due to an increase in overseas broadcast deal values , demonstrating once again the Premier League 's unrivaled global popularity . " Hugely popular it may be but with the Premier League again breaking a new record for spending on transfer fees , it will soon have to confront UEFA 's Financial Fair Play  FFP  regulations . Soccer 's European governing body introduced FFP , which began its monitoring phase last season , to break the cycle of huge debts and force clubs to spend no more than they earn . The rules are also designed to prevent wealthy owners writing off big debts through their personal fortunes , like at Chelsea , where Russian owner Roman Abramovich has pumped in # 819m  $ 1.2 bn  , according to Deloitte . Adam Bull from Deloitte , said : "  Despite the increase in revenue generated by Premier League clubs , operating profits reduced by # 16m  $ 24.8 m  to # 68m  $ 105m  in 2010/11 and combined pre-tax losses were # 380m  $ 588m  . "  Gross transfer spending by Premier League clubs increased by 38 % , from # 210m  $ 325m  to a record level of # 769m  $ 1.1 bn  . The challenge for clubs remains converting impressive revenue growth into sustainable profits . "  This will become even more important for a number of clubs as the financial results for 2011/12 will , for the first time , count towards their UEFA Financial Fair Play break-even calculation . " Although the net debt of Premier League clubs did fall to its lowest level since 2006 , half of the 20 teams reported an increase in losses . Brand power : Football 's most valuable clubs unveiled But thanks to a large upgrade in facilities over the past decade the Premier League 's clubs recorded an increase in their fixed assets to almost # 1.9 billion  $ 2.9 bn  . Paul Rawnsley , director in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte , said many Premier League clubs would have to make significant adjustments to meet FFP . "  This is the cornerstone of UEFA 's financial fair play regulations which aim to help clubs across Europe achieve a more sustainable balance between their costs and revenues and encourages investment for the longer term benefit of football . "  A significant number of clubs around Europe have some distance to travel on the road towards compliance . "  For many clubs there is a renewed focus on increasing revenues and the cost-side of the business model of some clubs also needs adapting . "  Overall , we expect the effective implementation of these measures , at both domestic and international levels , will help deliver a better balance between clubs ' costs and revenues . "	Report from accountancy firm Deloitte shows Premier League revenues rising rapidly But wages have also risen at a sharp rate accounting for 70 % of that bumper revenue The German Bundesliga remains the continent 's most profitable competition UEFA 's Financial Fair Play regulations soon to alter finances , Deloitte say
New York  CNN  -- Kerry Kennedy , the daughter of the late Robert F. Kennedy and ex-wife to New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , was involved in a hit-and-run incident Friday morning while under the influence of drugs , according to the New York State Police . "  911 calls reported a white vehicle operating in an erratic manner ... that collided with a tractor-trailer , " a state police press release said . "  The vehicle sustained damage and a flat tire . " Kennedy , 52 , was found by state police behind the wheel of her damaged Lexus SUV . "  A subsequent investigation found Kennedy to be operating the motor vehicle while her ability was impaired by drugs , " police said in announcing the charge against her . Ken Sunshine , a spokesman for Kennedy , denied that she was on drugs , noting Kennedy "  voluntarily took breathalyzer , blood and urine tests -- all of which showed no drugs or alcohol whatsoever in her system . The charges were filed before the test results were available . " Kennedy was issued several traffic tickets and is scheduled to appear in court in North Castle on Tuesday . Mary Kennedy : ` Green ' designer , wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. . Mary Kennedy 's family blasts stories on her death	NEW : She was charged with operating a motor vehicle while her ability was impaired by drugs Her spokesman says tests showed no substances in her system She is scheduled to appear in court Tuesday New York State Police she was driving under the influence of drugs
CNN  -- Each spring brings major medical meetings from the likes of the American Association for Cancer Research , the American Urological Association and the American Society for Clinical Oncology , to name a few . These meetings began as forums for scientists to meet and discuss findings and generate ideas . They offer opportunities for physicians to learn about new studies and possible new treatments , and for those interested in medicine , the meetings are fascinating and enjoyable . But over the past several decades , these gatherings have more and more become venues for drug companies and medical device manufacturers to tell physicians about their drugs and medical hardware . Today , much of the presented research is sponsored by industry , and these medical meetings are increasingly an opportunity for companies to make a name for themselves by promoting their products . Doctors find themselves asking when promotion of a product or a company stops being education and becomes a naked attempt at advertising . Companies have found that the investors watch these meetings like a hawk , looking for the earliest bit of data that may show promising results for a new drug . Successful promotion of positive findings through meeting abstracts and press releases can double or triple a small company 's share price . But observers note a troubling trend . It is a shame that the desire to pump up a stock price often leads to over-promotion and exaggeration of paltry scientific findings . Recently , the economic crisis in the media has led to the disappearance , through layoffs or by choice , of some wonderful , skilled and seasoned science writers . And with that comes genuine concern . The veterans have been replaced by mostly young , inexperienced writers who suddenly find themselves under pressure to turn out compelling stories about difficult scientific medical studies that are all too easy to oversimplify and misinterpret . Meanwhile , to bolster readership or numbers of viewers , the media reward reporters whose stories can lead to the most eye-grabbing headline . These reporters are well-meaning , but if they do not understand medicine and the scientific process , these articles can truly harm public health . And , in my experience , that is happening more and more often . And even more important : Reporters must understand that the motivation of every scientific report must be questioned as part of routine due diligence . The caveats from each report must also be clearly detailed in each story . From where I sit , all too often , that is not happening . This combination of scientists and businessmen enthusiastically promoting products or themselves with sales pitches , and inexperienced reporters struggling to make sense of their claims , has led to some unfortunate articles . I was motivated to write this after reading articles in reputable newspapers in the United States and Europe that a cure for breast cancer was on the horizon and a blood test was coming to market that could detect lung cancer early and save lives . Truth be told , a lab cured breast cancer in six mice . But translating these findings to humans is difficult , and experience has taught us that it likely will never happen . Some of these articles also failed to say that this is a very early piece of scientific progress at best -- and may not even be progress . As for the blood tests , I have read reports of some that are somewhat effective in finding lung cancer . But the articles failed to point out that any test will require years of more development to determine whether it 's useful . They also failed to report that the study showed that the test was no more accurate than X-rays , which are not recommended by any major medical organization . Unfortunately , by the time measured voices put these stories into perspective , the media have moved on to a new story . The end result of all this is very harmful . The nonscientific public gets misled , and some of those folks who have an interest in a specific disease get their hopes up , only to be disappointed . I was taught by a wise physician that the worst thing we in medicine can do is deceive our patients . Another event that motivated me to write this opinion piece : One of the good , smart medical writers who toil in this field every day , unheralded and woefully underpaid , asked me a really good question . I realized that these good hard questions are less frequent as the good medical and scientific writers , most of whom I 've had the privilege of enjoyed working with over the years , are becoming an endangered species . This decline of the professional medical and science writer is a threat to the public health as important as the latest scare story in the headlines -- perhaps even more so . Unfortunately , this is one health threat that has received little attention . Maybe it 's time to change that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Otis Brawley .	Otis Brawley : Each spring , medical associations meet to discuss research , ideas Brawley says drug and medical companies increasingly come to promote products He says seasoned medical writers have been replaced by gullible , inexperienced reporters Their stories often overpromote claims , he writes , exaggerate benefits , harm public health
Thirty soldiers until recently stationed in West Africa will be quarantined in Italy when they arrive Wednesday after leaving the Ebola-stricken region this morning , Army officials tell CNN . The soldier will join Army Major General Darryl A. Williams , commander of U.S. Army Africa , and approximately 10 other personnel who are now in "  controlled monitoring " in Italy after returning there from West Africa over the weekend , according to multiple U.S. military officials . The American personnel are effectively under quarantine , but Pentagon officials declined to use that terminology . Williams ' plane was met on the ground by Italian authorities "  in full CDC gear , " the official said , referring to the type of protective equipment worn by U.S. health care workers . There is no indication at this time any of the team have symptoms of Ebola . Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed with the latest developments They will be monitored for 21 days at a "  separate location " at the U.S. military installation at Vicenza Italy , according to U.S. military officials . Senior Pentagon officials say it is not a "  quarantine , " but rather "  controlled monitoring . " However , the troops are being housed in an access controlled location on base , and are not allowed to go home for the 21 day period while they undergo twice daily temperature checks . It is not clear yet if they will be allowed visits from family members . 4 issues raised at the House Ebola hearing Williams and his team have been in West Africa for 30 days , to set up the initial U.S. military assistance there and have traveled extensively around Liberia . The team was in treatment and testing areas during their travels . Speaking to reporters two weeks ago while he was still overseas in Liberia , Williams spoke of the extensive monitoring that he was given . "  We measure , while we 're here -- twice a day , are monitoring as required by the recent guidance that was put out while we 're here in Liberia . I -- yesterday , I had my temperature taken , I think , eight times , before I got on and off aircraft , before I went in and out of the embassy , before I went out of my place where I 'm staying , " William said during the October 16 press conference . Boy under evaluation in New York ; nurse ordered released "  As long as you exercise basic sanitation and cleanliness sort of protocols using the chlorine wash on your hands and your feet , get your temperature taken , limiting the exposure , the -- no handshaking , those sorts of protocols , I think the risk is relatively low . " Officials could not explain why the group was being put under into controlled monitoring , which is counter to the Pentagon policy . The current DOD policy on monitoring returning troops says "  as long as individuals remain asymptomatic , they may return to work and routine daily activities with family members . " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday that the Defense Department "  has not issued a policy related to their workers that have spent time in West Africa . " "  I know that there was this decision that was made by one commanding officer in the Department of Defense , but it does not reflect a department-wide policy that I understand is still under development , " Earnest said . The Pentagon has , though , published plans that detail how it will handle troops who are deployed to the region -- including potential quarantines . Jessica L. Wright , the undersecretary of Defense for personnel and readiness , issued an Oct. 10 memo that said troops who have faced an elevated risk of exposure to Ebola will be quarantined for 21 days -- and that those who have n't faced any known exposure will be monitored for three weeks . Wright 's memo also lays out the Pentagon 's plans to train troops before they 're sent to West Africa and to monitor them during their deployment to the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak . Pressed again during his briefing Monday , Earnest said it 's up to the Defense Department to announce its policies for troops that return from the region . "  We are seeing this administration put in place the policies that we believe are necessary to protect the American people and to protect the American troops , " he said . "  And we 're going to let science drive that process . And as soon as we have a policy to announce on this , we 'll let you know . " A senior military officials described the living quarters as one building with rooms equipped for between one and four people . The quarantined personnel will eat in a dining tent . They have a gym and they have access to both unclassified and classified means of communication , according to the official . The quarantined personnel are supposed to be getting access to chaplains soonest for worship services in the near future .	30 U.S. soldiers will join a group of approximately 10 in Italy already under quarantine . The Pentagon is using the term "  controlled monitoring , " which effectively a quarantine . There 's no indication that anyone on the team has symptoms of Ebola . It 's unclear why they 're undergoing this kind of monitoring , which is not Pentagon policy .
London  CNN  -- Senior business figures and other VIP travelers face a new type of scrutiny when flying , with BA 's move to search Google Images to identify high-profile frequent fliers . The measure is part of the British Airways "  Know Me " program , which aims to provide a more personalized service to the airline 's frequent fliers . In the words of BA 's head of customer analysis , Jo Boswell , the airline is aiming "  to recreate the feeling of recognition you get in a favorite restaurant when you 're welcomed there , but in our case it will be delivered by thousands of staff to millions of customers . " The program works by pulling together information on frequent travelers -- including seating location , previous flights and meal choices -- into a streamlined database which , along with Google Images , is accessed on iPads issued to staff on all BA flights and in the airline 's lounges . The idea is that BA staff will be able to offer a more tailored service to customers . If , for example , a connecting flight has been delayed , stewards or lounge staff can use the database to see which passengers are most affected , then identify them by seat number or by Google searching their image to address them personally . The airline says it will also allow staff to provide better service by greeting travelers with an apology if there have been issues with their previous flights , for example . The new approach has concerned some privacy watchdogs , who label it an unnecessary intrusion . "  Since when has buying a flight ticket meant giving your airline permission to start hunting for information about you on the internet ? " said Emma Carr , deputy director of privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch . "  Fundamentally , British Airways have not asked their passengers ' permission to take part in this scheme . Surely , if they want to search Google to find pictures and any other information all they have to do is ask ? " Read more : Meet Elvis -- the virtual border official who knows if you 're lying But BA spokesman Philip Allport said staff would only search for images of high profile , VIP travelers -- most of whom would appreciate the more attentive , personalized service it provided . "  Let 's the say you 're the chairman of HSBC and you 're traveling in first class with us and we need to convey a message to you , " he said . "  They can approach him discretely . " That approach was preferable to calling VIPs via a public announcement over the speakers in the lounge -- "  not necessarily what people want when they 're high profile and they 're traveling , " he said . "  There would be no reason why we would want to search for an average passenger . " Privacy campaigners have expressed concern about the amount of information held by airlines , particularly when that data is shared with other agencies . But Allport said he was unaware of any complaints about Know Me in the 18 months since it had first been trialled . "  It collects information on passengers that we have anyway , " he said . "  The information 's already there -- this is just a way of drawing it together . " What do you think about BA searching Google for images of its passengers ?	BA customer-service program involves staff searching Google for images of VIP passengers The airline says its Know Me program will allow for more personalized , friendly service Privacy groups say the airline should not be searching the internet for customer information BA says it will only be used for VIPs , and it has had no complaints
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea apparently test-launched three short-range missiles this week , the South Korean Defense Ministry said Friday , an indication that the reclusive state 's military is operating normally after a leadership transition . "  We understand that North Korea test-fired three short-range missiles earlier this week , " a spokesman for the Defense Ministry said Friday , speaking on condition of anonymity as is customary for South Korean military officials . He declined to comment further on the matter . North Korea often fires short-range missiles during military drills . They cause less concern in the region than longer-range missiles . The report of the test firings came nearly a month after the death of the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , who had made the nation 's military the focal point of his 17 years in power . Pyongyang fired a short-range missile over the East Sea on December 19 , the day it announced Kim 's death to the world . The regime has since anointed Kim 's youngest son and chosen successor , Kim Jong Un , as its new "  supreme leader . " State-run television aired video last weekend showing the younger Kim in a tank and on horseback , continuing efforts to build up his image as the rightful successor to his father . Kim Jong Un had received little attention from the North Korean state media until he emerged as the likely successor to his father in September 2010 . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Seoul says it believes North Korea fired three short-range missiles earlier this week Short-range missile tests are common and cause less concern than longer-range ones The tests come nearly a month after the death of the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il His youngest son and designated successor , Kim Jong Un , has become the new leader
Alexandria , Virginia  CNN  -- A Moroccan man who admitted to a plot to bomb the U.S. Capitol was sentenced Friday to 30 years in prison . "  I just want to say that I love Allah . That 's it , " Amine El Khalifi said before his sentencing at U.S. District Court in Alexandria , Virginia . El Khalifi , 29 , agreed to plead guilty in June to attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction against government property . Prosecutors and defense lawyers agreed to a sentencing range of 25 to 30 years as part of a plea agreement . El Khalifi was arrested in an FBI sting last February after authorities said he donned a suicide vest and accepted an automatic weapon in a parking garage near the Capitol complex . The vest and the gun had been rendered inoperable by law enforcement . "  This case is the first suicide bomber in America , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney Gordon Kromberg in arguing for the higher sentence to send a message . "  We can not wait until there are real dead victims . " Kromberg also referred to the attack on Tuesday by armed militants on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans on the anniversary of the al Qaeda attacks of September 11 , 2001 . "  We just had an ambassador killed in Libya , " said Kromberg . "  These things ca n't be tolerated . " El Khalifi 's lawyer , Kenneth Troccoli , argued his client should get the lower range of the sentence . "  His motive was to do what he thought God had told him to do , " Troccoli said . El Khalifi has no ill will toward Americans and was relieved his plot was thwarted and no one was injured , Troccoli said , adding that his client admitted culpability to a serious offense but was "  enabled " in the plot by two men who he did n't know were working for the FBI . Lawyers : FBI agents promised payments to family of attempted bomber Kromberg stressed at the sentencing hearing that El Khalifi was driving the plot and was not pushed into it by undercover officers . But Troccoli said the undercover agents offered to send martyrdom payments to El Khalifi 's parents in Morocco and also paid off his debts . El Khalifi 's religion would not allow him to give up his life while in debt or leave his family in financial trouble , Troccoli said . The attorney also described his client as a young man who came to the United States at 16 as a visitor and liked it so much he stayed . El Khalifi overstayed his visa and was in the country illegally at the time of his arrest . Troccoli said El Khalifi 's main interest was in mixing music but that led him to a lifestyle that included spending time in night clubs and using drugs . At his mother 's urging , El Khalifi became more religious and started regularly attending a mosque and reading the Quran , the attorney said . According toTroccoli , his client thought his religion required him to mount his attack but it did n't matter if it was successful . "  He has no desire to ever do this again , " said Troccoli . But U.S. District Judge James Cacheris asked : "  What if God tells him to do this again when he gets out ? " Troccoli said El Khalifi believed he had "  satisfied his faith " and also noted the plea agreement called for his client to be deported to Morroco after he serves his time . Cacheris nevertheless imposed the maximum sentence under the plea agreement . According to a statement of facts in the case , El Khalifi changed his mind about what to target and at various times considered a restaurant , a military installation and a synagogue . He eventually decided to try to blow himself up in the Capitol , according to the court document , and said "  he would be happy killing 30 people . " El Khalifi admitted performing surveillance at the Capitol and asking an associate , who was secretly part of the FBI sting , to remotely detonate the bomb if he ran into problems with security .	Moroccan man was arrested in sting and later pleaded guilty to bombing charges Prosecutors said Amine El Khalifi had donned suicide vest , which was disabled Lawyer said El Khalifi has no ill will toward Americans , was relieved plot was thwarted
MONTEVIDEO , Uruguay  CNN  -- Uruguay became the first Latin American country to allow same-sex couples to adopt children after the Senate voted to approve a bill modifying the country 's adoption statute . "  It is a right for the boys and the girls , not a right for the adults , " Sen. Margarita Percovich said after the vote on Wednesday . "  It streamlines the adoption process and does not discriminate . " The expected Senate approval followed the lower chamber of Congress ' passage of the bill last month . The law will pave the way for gays and lesbians to start a family , Daniel Alonso , a resident of the Uruguayan capital of Montevideo , told CNN . "  You have plans to form a family , to adopt . When you have a law that protects you , it makes you want to have a child , " he said . "  You feel part of society . " The adoption measure would be the most recent of progressive laws passed with the backing of President Tabare Vazquez . Last year , lawmakers approved a measure allowing children aged 12 or older to change their names , a measure aimed at transgender or transsexual youths . Uruguay also authorized same-sex civil unions last year , setting the stage for the current adoption law . The measure was not without opponents among conservatives and the clergy . Last month , Archbishop Nicolas Cotugno of Montevideo , released a statement warning of consequences for society should the law pass , the Catholic News Agency reported . "  The adoption of children by homosexual couples is not a question of religion , philosophy or sociology . It has to do with respect for human nature itself , " he said , according to CNA . "  To accept the adoption of children by homosexual couples is to go against human nature itself , and consequently , it is to go against the fundamental rights of the human being as a person . " Journalist Dario Klein contributed to this report .	NEW : Expected Senate approval follows passage of bill by the lower chamber NEW : Law paves way for gays , lesbians to start a family , Montevideo resident says Lawmakers already approved measure letting children 12 or older to change names Measure was not without opponents from conservatives and clergy
CNN  -- China 's top soccer official has been sacked after being questioned by police as part of an investigation into match-fixing . Nan Yong has been replaced by former water sports chief Wei Di , state-run news agency Xinhua reported on Friday , having been appointed head of the Chinese Soccer Administrative Center early last year . Deputy director Yang Yimin and head of referees Zhang Jianqiang were also questioned by police , Xinhua said . China 's General Administration of Sport  GASC  made the decision to replace Nan with Chinese football in disarray following a series of scandals and with the national team having failed to qualify for the 2006 and 2010 World Cups . "  The GASC has decided to appoint Wei Di as the new director of China 's Soccer Administrative Center , " its vice-minister Cui Dalin told reporters , according to Xinhua . "  The decision to remove Nan Yong as director and Yang Yimin as deputy director has also been made since both of them are now helping the police in investigations into the commercial bribery and match-fixing cases . " Wei Di , who was head of China 's Water Sports Administration , has little experience in football , having also been in charge of Chinese boxing and weightlifting . Nan , Yang and Zhang were summoned by police in the northeastern province of Liaoning to help with a probe into several cases of gambling and match-fixing in domestic league games , Xinhua reported The Chinese Ministry of Public Security  MPS  is continuing investigations which saw four people detained for suspected bribery in November . More arrests were made in December , including two leading officials from the Chengdu Blades club , Xinhua said . China began its clean-up campaign in March last year with the creation of a high-profile committee charged with stamping out corruption in the sport .	China 's top soccer official sacked after being questioned by police in match-fix probe Nan Yong replaced at Soccer Administrative Center by former water sports chief Wei Di Police also question deputy director Yang Yimin , head of referees Zhang Jianqiang China has been clamping down on corruption in football since March last year
InStyle  -- Need some Halloween costume inspiration ? See how your favorite celebrities celebrate the most frightful night of the year : Kim Kardashian "  Poisonous !!! " the reality star Tweeted of her Poison Ivy outfit . Stacy Keibler With jewelry by Graziela and Dana Rebecca Designs , Keibler looked boo-tiful as the host of a Halloween masquerade at the Hyde Bellagio in Las Vegas . Christina Aguilera Christina Aguilera toted boyfriend Matthew Rutler as the knight to her queen for their festivities in Los Angeles . Alyson Hannigan The actress played the role of a scarecrow , while daughter Satyana dressed as a pumpkin . Halloween 2012 : Best celebrity-inspired halloween costumes AnnaLynne McCord The actress channeled the Victorian era to host the Haunted Seduction Halloween party held at Pure Nightclub in Las Vegas . Michelle Trachtenberg The actress brought Tim Burton 's "  Blue Girl With Wine " piece of artwork to life in New York . Halloween 2012 : Cupcakes from the bakeries stars love Fergie With teddy bear , trophy , sash , and tiara in hand , the singer played the perfect toddler beauty queen at Heidi Klum 's Halloween bash at PH-D at Dream Downtown in New York . Dita Von Teese The burlesque star pulled a piece out of her closet for Maroon 5 's Hollywood Halloween . "  Last minute decision to go out for Halloween ... Scraping through my wardrobe for something that resembles a costume . No problem ! " she Tweeted of her emergency costume . Leona Lewis The singer represented a tragic pageant queen , sash and all . Lauren Conrad The reality-star-turned-fashion-designer reworked a cute red and white polka dot dress into a Minnie Mouse costume . Miranda Kerr The Victoria 's Secret Angel stepped into the ring at Catch Rooftop in New York City to host a bash as a circus ringmaster . See 51 more celebrities in Halloween costumes ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	AnnaLynne McCord channeled the Victorian era to host a Halloween party in Las Vegas Michelle Trachtenberg brought Tim Burton 's "  Blue Girl With Wine " artwork to life Christina Aguilera played a pirate at Maroon 5 's Hollywood bash
Some of the biggest names in publishing and many of the most eagerly anticipated titles of the year are hitting bookstore shelves just in time for the holiday shopping season . So if you 're searching for a gift for a loved one or just looking for a good book to curl up with on the couch , here are four novels out this week for anyone looking for a page load of thrills . Michael Connelly , "  The Black Box "  Michael Connelly has been a favorite among crime fiction fans for two decades . His books have sold 45 million copies worldwide , and he 's won every award given to mystery writers . This year , he celebrates a major milestone : the publication of his 25th novel in 20 years . "  The Black Box " features Connelly 's best known character , LAPD Detective Harry Bosch , back on the case . This time out , Bosch is tracking down a killer in a 20-year-old unsolved murder . The victim is a young female photojournalist shot during the infamous 1992 Los Angeles riots . At first , Bosch has little to go on beyond a shell casing from the missing murder weapon . But the determined detective continues to dig , searching for the so-called black box of the title , the one piece of evidence that brings the crime into focus and pulls the case together . Connelly 's plot is packed with procedural detail but moves quickly , taking several unexpected turns along the way . And while he 's grown older , Bosch has n't slowed down ; he continues to grow more interesting and reveal new levels of depth behind his badge . With the case coming to a climax , Bosch is forced to battle the bureaucracy of the LAPD as well as the bad guys , but readers wo n't be disappointed as Connelly proves again that neither he nor Bosch has lost his touch . Read an excerpt from "  The Black Box " Eliot Pattison , "  Mandarin Gate "  At first glance , Inspector Shan Tao Yun of Eliot Pattison 's latest , "  Mandarin Gate , " could n't be more different from Harry Bosch . He 's a former police inspector from Beijing who lost his job , his family and his freedom after pursuing a case that implicated high-ranking members of China 's communist regime . As punishment , Shan was sentenced to years of hard labor in a Tibetan work camp . Now , in Pattison 's seventh novel featuring Shan , the former inspector has been unofficially released but is still unable to return to his former home . A man without a country and no official identity , he 's forced to take shelter with a group of outlawed Buddhist monks in the remote mountains . Working a menial job as a ditch inspector , he stumbles across a gruesome crime scene : Three people , including a Tibetan nun , have been murdered at an old Buddhist temple . Like Harry Bosch , Shan is a man of passion and principle ; the murders reignite old instincts , and Shan begins a dangerous search for the truth . His investigation quickly uncovers what could be a coverup by Chinese authorities , and Shan knows that solving the case could land him right back in prison . The Edgar award-winning Pattison portrays the oppression of the Tibetan people with dramatic delicacy and rich insight . While "  Mandarin Gate " is set in a locale farther away than most readers will ever dare venture , this mystery brings the plight of Tibet into sharp focus , weaving the region 's cultural , social and political conflict into a compelling narrative . Read an excerpt from "  Mandarin Gate " "  City of Dark Magic " by Magnus FlyteThe genre-bending "  City of Dark Magic " is difficult to describe , and that 's a good thing . An entertaining mix of magic , mystery and romance , it 's one of the most original novels released this year . Musicologist and Beethoven expert Sarah Weston receives an unexpected invitation to travel to Prague , where she spends the summer working for a wealthy family , researching and cataloging the world-famous composer 's manuscripts at their private museum . Soon after she arrives , strange things start to happen . Weston discovers that her academic mentor may have been murdered , and she uncovers a mystery that reaches all the way back to the 16th century . To reveal much more would spoil the fun , but author Magnus Flyte , a pseudonym for authors Meg Howrey and Christina Lynch , has taken the "  kitchen sink " approach to the plot . The authors packed their debut novel with page after page of unexpected twists . There 's an ex-CIA agent , a handsome prince , a Cold War-era plot , time travel , hell portals and a 400-year-old dwarf with an attitude . Prague , with its rich , mysterious history , is the perfect backdrop for the story . Fans of classical music will appreciate the trivia-like detail on Beethoven and the search for his "  Immortal Beloved . " This all may sound a bit scattered , but Weston is an appealing heroine , and the over-the-top story does n't take itself too seriously . Howrey and Lynch say they wrote the book via e-mail , alternating chapters , and it certainly reads like they had a good time putting it together , even leaving the door open for a sequel . Read an excerpt from "  City of Dark Magic " "  Cold Days " by Jim ButcherThere 's much more magic in Jim Butcher 's newest , "  Cold Days . " This is his 14th novel featuring the immensely popular Harry Dresden , Chicago 's only professional wizard and private investigator . Equal parts Sam Spade and Gandalf the Grey , Harry is dead at the beginning of the book -- mostly , anyway . Wait , what ? Fans need n't worry . Although Harry was murdered in the last installment of the best-selling series , he is brought back to life by a powerful being called Mab , Queen of Air and Darkness . Now , Harry is no longer a mere mortal ; he has become the Winter Knight , with a slew of newfound powers . The catch ? Harry is indebted to Mab , eternally . Her word is his command , literally , and what she has planned for him makes death look like a holiday . While the story could be classified as pure fantasy , written from Harry 's wisecracking point of view , the book is thrilling fun and , like "  City of Dark Magic , " not too self-important . For readers searching for something different , "  Cold Days " will cast a spell over many who might not typically opt for a fantasy title . Read an excerpt from "  Cold Days " Like CNN Living on Facebook	Michael Connelly brings back hard-boiled detective Harry Bosch in "  The Black Box " Eliot Pattison chronicles mysterious investigator Shan Tao Yun in "  Mandarin Gate " "  City of Dark Magic " by Magnus Flyte is a genre-busting novel of magic and mystery "  Cold Days " is Jim Butcher 's 14th novel featuring the popular Harry Dresden character
PORT ST. LUCIE , Florida  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Fay , stalled near Cape Canaveral , Florida , soaked portions of east-central Florida late Wednesday , and the National Hurricane Center said it could dump 30 inches of rain in some areas of the state . Streets are flooded Wednesday in Port St. Lucie , Florida , in a photo from iReporter Bethany Schulstrom . As of 11 p.m. ET , the storm was just off the coast of central Florida about 35 miles southeast of Daytona Beach , the National Hurricane Center said . The storm was moving slowly but could make landfall again in northern Florida Thursday , the hurricane center said . It would be the fourth time the storm makes landfall . Fay has come ashore in Florida twice after making landfall in Cuba . NASA reported receiving 21 inches of rain from the storm Wednesday , said Craig Fugate , Florida 's emergency management director . Forecasters said they received an unofficial report of 22 inches northwest of Melbourne , Florida . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist has asked President Bush to declare an emergency in the state to free up federal funding . The storm "  is producing historic flooding across a large portion of Brevard County , " Crist wrote in a letter to Bush . "  Fay has and will continue to produce copious amounts of rain over a large portion of northeast Florida as the storm turns westward on August 21 . "  Fay remains a significant threat , " Crist continued , noting that tornadoes have touched down in seven counties . The governor pre-emptively declared a state of emergency last week . As of 11 p.m. ET , Fay the storm had maximum sustained winds of 60 mph  95 km/h  , and it was expected to move slowly toward the northwest overnight , according to a hurricane center advisory . "  This general motion is expected tonight with a gradual turn to the northwest and west-northwest on Thursday , " the National Hurricane Center said . "  On this track , Fay is forecast to move very slowly across northern Florida on Thursday . " Fay could make its fourth landfall Thursday along the Florida coast , possibly in the Jacksonville-Daytona Beach area , forecasters said . "  The storm continues to be a threat to this community , " Jacksonville Mayor John Peyton said . "  Looks like the worst is still ahead . " Peyton said Jacksonville had set up shelters should people need them . Storm tides of 1 to 3 feet above normal are possible along the Florida 's east coast , to the north of the center of Fay , the hurricane center said , adding that isolated tornadoes are possible over portions of northeastern Florida and southeast Georgia . The storm forced NASA to close for a second day because of "  potential wind threat , " NASA said on its Web site . The agency was to announce Wednesday night whether it would also be shut Thursday . The U.S. Navy announced Wednesday afternoon that it was moving several ships and aircraft in anticipation of Fay 's arrival in northeast Florida . Naval Air Station Jacksonville has evacuated 24 P-3 Orion aircraft to bases in Maine and Ohio . On the southeast coast of Florida , Fay flooded hundreds of homes in St. Lucie County , authorities said . Rescuers were using airboats and other means Wednesday to pick up stranded residents . Earlier in the day , the county 's Public Safety Department said that as many as 8,000 homes might be affected in two low-lying areas but later scaled the number back . Crist announced the first known storm-related death . A 54-year-old man died from carbon monoxide fumes as he tested two gasoline-powered generators in his home in Highlands County , northwest of Lake Okeechobee in eastern Florida , Crist said , quoting the county 's medical examiner . Crist said he was n't sure when the man died , but the medical examiner received the body Monday . The severe flooding in St. Lucie County took authorities by surprise . Meg Defore said that the first floor of her home was 14 feet above ground but that water had reached the top of her doors . She left in a small boat . Near the north fork of the St. Lucie River , water gushed down streets and lapped at the doors of parked cars . iReporter Bethany Schulstrom , 16 , said water was up to people 's knees in the streets of Port St. Lucie . "  They sent a warning to everyone not to leave -LSB- their homes -RSB- because the snakes are coming out of their holes and there 's fish everywhere , " she said . A tropical storm warning , meaning that tropical conditions and winds of 39 to 73 mph are expected within a day , was in effect from Fort Pierce in St. Lucie County north to Altamaha Sound in Georgia . A tropical storm watch , meaning that those conditions are expected within 36 hours , remained in effect from north of Altamaha Sound to the Savannah River . In Melbourne , where a 50-year-old rainfall record was shattered , residents have been warned of an alligator swimming in the streets , according to CNN affiliate WKMG-TV in Orlando . CNN 's John Zarrella and Barbara Starr contributed to this report	Rainfall could reach 30 inches in some areas , forecast says Airboats help rescue people in flooded homes in St. Lucie County Kennedy Space Center will remain closed for a second day Track Fay with CNN 's Hurricane Tracker
CNN  -- More than 17,000 women and girls from Nepal become sex slaves every year . Many end up in India , China or other Southeast Asian countries , and roughly half of them are children . Anuradha Koirala -- the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year -- has been fighting to end this sex trafficking for nearly two decades . Since 1993 , she and her organization , Maiti Nepal , have helped rescue and rehabilitate more than 12,000 women and girls . Recently , Koirala partnered with actress Demi Moore on "  Nepal 's Stolen Children : A CNN Freedom Project Documentary . " For the film , which premieres Sunday at 8 p.m. ET , Moore traveled to Nepal to meet Koirala and some of the people rescued by her group . CNN 's Kathleen Toner recently spoke with Koirala , 62 , about how her life has changed since being honored as Hero of the Year and what work remains to be done . Kathleen Toner : How did you feel when you were named Hero of the Year in November ? Anuradha Koirala : There were so many other people doing very good things who were being honored , so I was n't expecting it . I was shocked . I first thought of all of my girls at Maiti Nepal . I wished I was in front of them . I wished I was in my country . But I knew it was a chance to draw attention to the problem of sex trafficking . When I returned home , they had a big rally with thousands of youths . I realized that the whole country was eager to work hard to make Nepal trafficking-free . It was wonderful . Toner : How have things changed for you ? Koirala : I now feel that there is extra responsibility on me . I feel I must be even more committed since people around the globe are depending on me . I need to work even harder to get to the end . We are working so hard . Our work is the same as before ... but  we want  to monitor more of the border crossings . The border with Tibet is a very important area . ... It 's very difficult . People easily take a one-day pass to go across to Nepal , and no one monitors . We 've found many girls being taken across the border and being used in different entertainment sectors and brothels , so now  we 're considering  working there . At this point , the most important thing we have to do is surveillance and stop , stop , stop girls from being exploited . Toner : What was it like to work with Demi Moore on "  Nepal 's Stolen Children " ? Koirala : She was superb . I have seen artists , film stars , musicians and all kinds of celebrities , but often they look very snobbish , very superior . She was very down-to-Earth . She knew the issue and was really committed . When we were working on the documentary , we had to go to the home of a girl who 'd been trafficked , but it was very difficult . Her village was in the mountains , and her home was on a very steep hill . It was a very hard walk for half an hour . Moore  is very determined  to help  . When she came to Maiti and met the girls , she was so good with the children . She really is committed to this issue . If more people like her come into this field , then maybe we will succeed someday . Toner : What do people need to know about this issue ? Koirala : This problem of trafficking children and women needs to be addressed , because HIV and trafficking are synonymous with each other . The fundamental human rights of the girl child are being seriously violated . It is a heinous crime , and it harms the girls physically and psychologically . It 's also increasing the transmission of HIV to a larger population . We have to make more awareness , and everyone should be involved : NGOs , government ministries , police , media , community activists and the entire community .  We  ca n't reach every affected individual ; families and communities need to be assisted and encouraged to take responsibility . ... At the end , the whole theme is sensitizing and increasing awareness of the public on a large scale . Toner : It 's such a widespread problem . Do you think that you are making progress ? Koirala : Yes . If not , I would not have been chosen  as CNN Hero of the Year  . But more sensitizing and awareness is needed . Nothing is impossible if the whole world collaborates . If CNN supports us , if the U.S. government supports us , if all of the world supports us , why ca n't we  end sex trafficking  ? But I think I have to live also for another 20 years . See the full story on CNN Hero Anuradha Koirala : Rescuing girls from sex slavery	Anuradha Koirala , the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year , is saving Nepalese from sex trafficking Koirala and actress Demi Moore featured in "  Nepal 's Stolen Children , " a CNN documentary The documentary , part of the CNN Freedom Project , premieres Sunday at 8 p.m. ET
CNN  -- Throughout its tumultuous history , Berlin has seen strife and triumph unfold in its streets , from weathering the dark days of the Cold War to emerging as a unified city in 1989 . So to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall , we asked readers to share their favorite things about Berlin . From hip cafes and urban landmarks , to serene green spaces in the middle of the city , the list above shows just some of the things that draw millions of people to visit Berlin each year . See all submissions for the best things about the city in English and German via CNN iReport and German newspaper Tagesspiegel .	View readers ' 25 favorite things about Berlin above Add to the list via CNN iReport
U.S. officials held a "  positive " meeting Monday with a North Korean delegation in an effort to restart talks with the reclusive nation over ending Pyongyang 's nuclear program , the U.S. special representative for North Korea policy said . The decision by the United States to launch the two days of discussions in Geneva , Switzerland , stems in part from recent meetings between North Korea and South Korea , a senior State Department official told reporters traveling with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Afghanistan last week . "  We are moving in a positive direction , " U.S. Ambassador Stephen Bosworth said from the Kempinski Hotel in Geneva after the meeting concluded . "  We have narrowed some differences but we still have differences that we have to resolve . " The day started with both nations presenting their positions on the resumption of talks . Clifford Hart , U.S. special envoy to the six-party talks on North Korea , called the presentations "  useful . " The groups also dined together for dinner before adjourning for the night , said Bosworth , who is leading the U.S. delegation . The North Korean delegation is led by First Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye-gwan , Hart said . Discussions will continue Tuesday . "  As you know our goal is to find a solid foundation on which to launch a resumption of discussions both bilateral and multilateral and we will continue to work hard to bring that about , " Bosworth said . At a previous meeting between the two countries in July , Washington laid out a list of things it was looking for from Pyongyang to demonstrate its seriousness about abandoning its nuclear ambitions , the State Department official told reporters last week . One of the things the United States was seeking is North Korean engagement with South Korea , the official said , adding that a recent "  constructive meeting " between the two countries helped get the parties to this point . The official said there is concern that if the United States or South Korea do not engage with North Korea , it could lead to miscalculation or provocations on the part of North Korea . The official said the meeting in Geneva would give the United States an opportunity to see how the North Koreans absorbed what the Americans laid out in July , and what North Korea 's intentions are . Deputy State Department spokesman Mark Toner called the meetings "  exploratory " in nature . "  We are not seeking to have talks for talks ' sake , " Toner said . It 's "  safe to say we are looking for concrete actions " by North Korea before resuming the six-party talks , which have been dormant since 2008 , Toner said . The six-party talks are a vehicle launched under former President George W. Bush to negotiate an end to Pyongyang 's nuclear program . They involve both Koreas , the United States , China , Japan and Russia . At various points , progress seemed to be made , only to have North Korea either pull out over disagreements on verifiable declarations of their nuclear program or engage in what some U.S. officials described as belligerent behavior that scuttled the talks . The United States has been in contact on a regular basis with all sides involved in the six-party talks , Toner said . Washington has called repeatedly for Pyongyang to undertake a series of prerequisite steps , such as halting missile and nuclear tests , and further development of nuclear weapons , to show it is interested in coming back to talks . At a news conference this month with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak , U.S. President Barack Obama said , "  If Pyongyang continues to ignore its international obligations , it will invite even more pressure and isolation . If the North abandons its quest for nuclear weapons and moves towards denuclearization , it will enjoy greater security and opportunity for its people . " After taking office in 2009 , Obama was met with a set of provocations . North Korea test-fired missiles and conducted a new round of nuclear tests . A small opening toward the resumption of talks was reversed after North Korea was accused of sinking a South Korean naval vessel in the Yellow Sea , followed by their artillery shelling of a South Korean island in November 2010 in which two civilians were killed . Bosworth will step down from his position after the meetings and will be succeeded by Glyn Davies , the U.S. ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency , the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog , diplomatic sources said . The State Department did not give a specific reason for Bosworth 's decision to step down , but Toner said he believes it is a "  personal " decision . In addition to his role at the State Department , Bosworth has also maintained his position on the faculty at the Fletcher School of Diplomacy at Tufts University outside Boston . Hart , a foreign policy adviser to the U.S. Navy and an expert on China and Taiwan , will become the new chief U.S. negotiator to the six-party talks and will report to Davies in his new role .	"  We are moving in a positive direction , " U.S. special representative says The decision to have talks stems in part from North-South meetings The last full round of six-party talks was in 2008 Glyn Davies will replace Stephen Bosworth as special envoy
