CNN  -- Saving the Arabian Oryx The Arabian Oryx has roamed the deserts of the Middle East for centuries , a symbol of endurance and an inspiration to the region 's poets . In recent years however , over-hunting has seen Oryx numbers fall to near unsustainable levels . IME visits the Dubai Desert Conservation Reserve to learn more about efforts to save the endangered animals . Cedars Eco-tourism High in the mountains of Lebanon grow the country 's ancient cedar trees . Prized for their fragrant wood , they are considered a national symbol and feature prominently on the Lebanese flag . IME visits the Al Chouf Cedar Reserve to learn how local conservationists are using eco-tourism to preserve the much cherished trees . Green Awareness in the Gulf ? The UAE entered into the green spotlight earlier this year when it was announced that Abu Dhabi would become the permanent hub for the International Renewable Energy Agency  IRENA  . But just how much do people in the oil rich Gulf state know about the environment ? IME investigates . Fast Food into fast fuel A slick new initiative in the UAE is turning used cooking oil from French fries and chicken McNuggets into bio-diesel -- an organic fuel . A specially equipped factory gathers used oils from McDonald 's kitchens and transforms them into a renewable fuel for the fast food restaurant 's logistic trucks . IME tells the story of kitchens and carbon reductions . Watch the August show from Abu Dhabi at the following times : Wednesday 3 August : 0730 Saturday 6 August : 1230 , 1930 Sunday 7 August : 0530 , 1730 Monday 8 August : 0330  all times GMT	IME investigates efforts to preserve the Arabian Oryx Conservationists are using eco-tourism to help maintain Lebanon 's cedar tree population An initiative in the UAE is transforming used cooking oils from McDonald 's into bio-fuels
CNN  -- War widows , "  motel kids " and the working poor are among the many people who have been helped by this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes . The top 10 -- remarkable everyday people changing the world -- were revealed Thursday by CNN 's Anderson Cooper . All were nominated by CNN viewers inspired by their hard work and commitment . Each of the top 10 will receive a $ 50,000 grant and be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " a globally broadcast event that airs December 11 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT . One of the top 10 will be voted CNN Hero of the Year by the public and receive an additional $ 250,000 . The live tribute show , hosted by Cooper at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , will culminate in the announcement of the CNN Hero of the Year . Through December 7 , people can vote for their favorite Hero at CNNHeroes.com . They can also vote from mobile devices . This is the fifth year CNN has conducted its annual search for CNN Heroes . In those five years , the campaign has profiled more than 160 people on CNN and CNN.com . And there have been roughly 40,000 nominations received from more than 100 countries . Here are the top 10 Heroes of 2011 , in alphabetical order : Eddie Canales Eddie Canales ' son was paralyzed during a high school football game in 2001 . Today , Canales ' nonprofit , Gridiron Heroes , provides emotional and financial support to high school football players who 've sustained life-changing spinal cord injuries . Taryn Davis Taryn Davis was just 21 when her husband , an Army corporal , was killed in Iraq . In 2007 , she created the American Widow Project . To date , her nonprofit has provided a community of support to more than 900 young military widows . Sal Dimiceli Sal Dimiceli has spent decades helping people get back on their feet . Through a local newspaper column and his nonprofit , The Time Is Now To Help , Dimiceli assists about 500 people a year with food , rent , utilities and other necessities . Derreck Kayongo Derreck Kayongo 's Global Soap Project collects partially used hotel soap and reprocesses it to save lives . Since 2009 , the Atlanta-based nonprofit has provided about 150,000 bars of soap for communities in 10 countries . Diane Latiker Surrounded by gang violence in her Chicago neighborhood , Diane Latiker opened her home to area youth and started a community program called Kids Off the Block . Since 2003 , her program has helped more than 1,500 young people . Robin Lim Robin Lim became a midwife after her sister died from complications during pregnancy . Since 2003 , she and her team in Indonesia have helped thousands of low-income women have a healthy pregnancies and births . Patrice Millet After being stricken with cancer , Patrice Millet dedicated his life to helping children in his native Haiti . His nonprofit youth soccer program provides free equipment , coaching and food to hundreds of participants from the slums and teaches them to become responsible citizens . Bruno Serato Since 2005 , chef Bruno Serato has been serving free pasta dinners to children , many of whom are poor and live in motels with their families . Today , Serato provides dinner seven days a week to more than 300 children at the Boys & Girls Club in Anaheim , California . Richard St. Denis Since 2008 , Richard St. Denis and his organization , World Access Project , have provided hundreds of wheelchairs and mobility aids to people living with disabilities in rural Mexico . Amy Stokes Amy Stokes is redefining "  family " for South African children affected by HIV/AIDS and poverty . Her organization , Infinite Family , has connected almost 500 teenage "  Net Buddies " with nearly 300 volunteer mentors from all over the world via the Internet . Note : Elena Durón Miranda was initially chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes , but she later asked to withdraw . CNN honored her request .	The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 have been revealed by CNN 's Anderson Cooper They will be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which airs live December 11 The annual tribute show will be hosted by Cooper and reveal the CNN Hero of the Year
CNN  -- No one may ever know for sure whether Ohio 's execution of Dennis McGuire -- in a procedure during which he reportedly gasped , snorted and struggled -- was inhumane , but his family and medical and legal experts said Friday the ordeal points out fundamental flaws in the use of lethal injection . McGuire , 53 , was convicted in 1994 for the rape and murder of 22-year-old Joy Stewart , who was seven months pregnant . He was executed Thursday morning at the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility in Lucasville with an injection of midazolam , a sedative , and hydromorphone , an analgesic . Columbus Dispatch reporter Alan Johnson witnessed the event , his 19th . "  This one was different , " he said in a posting on the newspaper 's website . "  After three to four minutes , Dennis McGuire began gasping for breath , his stomach and chest were compressing deeply , he was making a snorting sound , almost a choking sound at times . "  And I did n't notice it at first , but his left hand -- which had been waving at his kids -- had clenched into a fist . " For about 10 minutes , McGuire appeared to be straining against his restraints , Johnson recalled . "  Obviously , he could n't get up , but he appeared to be trying to get up or at least raise up in some fashion . " Such a response should never have happened , according to Jon Paul Rion , a lawyer representing the killer 's family . McGuire 's children , Dennis Ray McGuire and Amber McGuire , were among the witnesses . Controversial execution in Ohio uses new drug combination "  Before the execution , there was a series of experts who testified in federal court that this is a possible to likely outcome to that procedure , " Rion told reporters . He said the family plans to file a lawsuit next week in federal court seeking an injunction against the state 's use of the drug combination , alleging that it represents cruel and unusual punishment and , as such , violates the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution . "  The family will be satisfied if this process stops , " Rion said . "  That is their goal . " Douglas Berman , a professor at The Ohio State University and the Moritz College of Law , said in a telephone interview that such a suit would be "  groundbreaking . " But , he added , the family did not appear to have the standing needed to file it . The family 's concern that other people should not have to endure such treatment makes "  a nice political statement , " Berman said , but may not be enough to file a claim related to the fait accompli . "  It 's done , " he noted . "  There 's nothing to enjoin . " Deborah Denno , an expert on the death penalty at Fordham University Law School , was sympathetic to the family . "  What happened to Dennis McGuire is consistent with what a number of prominent medical experts said would happen , " she said . But lawyers for McGuire 's relatives need not prove he suffered to show cruel and unusual punishment , she said . Knowledge that there was a risk the procedure could have been faulty might suffice , she said . Also , autopsy results might show evidence he did not receive enough sedative to render him unconscious , she said . "  Ohio will have to review this new procedure they 've put in place , " said Richard Dieter , executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center , about the drug combination that was used for the first time on McGuire . "  I think , now , the judges are going to ask more of the state and not just assume that they have it right . " Dieter , who opposes the death penalty , called the event "  an embarrassment " for Ohio , but acknowledged it was not clear whether the movements witnessed by Johnson and McGuire 's relatives as well as relatives of the murdered woman were involuntary physical responses or a response to suffering . Previously , Ohio used a single drug , pentobarbital , for many of its executions , but the manufacturer has said it did not want its product to be used in executions and the state 's stockpiles of the drug had expired , Dieter said . The backup two-drug alternative was originally intended for use only in cases where a vein could not be found , he said . A similar response came from the maker of propofol when Missouri considered using the drug linked to the death of Michael Jackson in an execution . Missouri gave back its supply . As different states begin to use different drug combinations , "  some of this is a bit of an experiment , " Dieter said . But what happened Thursday was no experiment , a word that has a specific meaning among scientists , said Dr. Joel Zivot , assistant professor of anesthesiology and surgery at Emory University School of Medicine , who pointed out that he was not speaking for his employer . "  There is no monitoring Institutional Review Board , no ethical oversight , no gathering of data , " he said in a telephone interview . "  This is just the state -- with the decision that it 's going to execute someone -- taking compounds and giving them to people and then seeing what happens . And then that 's all . " He said he was puzzled over how the court -- "  with a shrug of its shoulder " -- could allow the possibility of cruelty taking place . Though he , too , acknowledged that no one can be certain whether the execution caused pain and suffering , "  we can only surmise . " The description of McGuire 's final moments "  sounds like suffering to me , " he said . "  All you have is how it looks and this one did n't look very good , by all accounts . " Zivot accused the state of "  playing doctor , and playing it poorly . " The problem had nothing to do with what drugs may have been used and everything to do with how they were used . "  None of these compounds are intended for the purpose of executing people , " he said . "  They are medicine . " The compounds used by Ohio are in short supply , and their diversion from use in treating people to use in execution is questionable , he said . "  It 's hard to imagine that that 's ethically justifiable , " he said . Dr. Jonathan Groner , who has studied lethal injections , agreed that executions have been medicalized . "  We 've turned executions into outpatient surgery , " said the pediatric surgeon in Columbus , Ohio . But the medicalization of the procedure has been perfunctory , he said in a telephone interview , noting that neither of the two drugs used on McGuire appears to have been tested in animals for lethality . "  Thomas Edison tested the electric chair on all sorts of animals " before it was used on people , he said . The answer may be to return to the firing squad , which remains a legal way of execution and works surely and quickly . "  I think they take about 10 seconds , " he said . "  And prison guards are actually trained to shoot guns ; they 're not trained to shoot drugs -- and the equipment is cheaper , too . " But lethal injection is called for by all 32 states that have the death penalty . Opinion : End secrecy in lethal injections	"  This one was different , " says witness to execution McGuire was convicted in 1994 for the rape and murder of 22-year-old Joy Stewart Killer 's family say they will file suit next week to stop any such executions in the future Lawyer questions whether they have the standing to do so
CNN  -- Erick Munoz wants to see his wife 's wish fulfilled this holiday season , but it 's one that carries ethical and legal challenges : To be taken off of life support . Marlise Munoz , 33 , is in serious condition in the intensive care unit at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth , Texas , hospital officials said . She is unconscious and on a ventilator , her husband told CNN affiliate WFAA , but she would n't have wanted her life sustained by a machine . "  We talked about it . We 're both paramedics , " he told WFAA . "  We 've seen things out in the field . We both knew that we both did n't want to be on life support . " Complicating an already difficult situation is that Munoz is also pregnant , about 18 weeks along , WFAA reported . Texas state law prohibits withdrawing or withholding life-sustaining treatment from a pregnant patient , regardless of her wishes . Patients can indicate their future wishes about medical treatment , in the event that they are unable to communicate them , through forms called advance directives . But in Texas , under the Health and Safety Code , such a form includes the provision "  I understand that under Texas law this Directive has no effect if I have been diagnosed as pregnant . " Erick Munoz told WFAA doctors said his wife may have suffered a pulmonary embolism , which happens when blood clots travel to the lungs from elsewhere in the body . They do not know how long the baby went without nutrients and oxygen . The hospital would not release specific details about Marlise Munoz 's condition , but officials said the hospital would follow Texas law regarding care during pregnancy . Christmas Eve battle over girl on life support "  We have a responsibility as a good corporate citizen here in Tarrant County to also provide the highest quality care we can for all of our patients , " said J.R. Labbe , vice president of communications and community affairs for JPS Health Network , in a statement . "  But at all times , we will follow the law as it is applicable to health care in the state of Texas . And state law here says you can not withhold or withdraw life sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient . It 's that clear . " The husband and wife , both paramedics in the Tarrant County area , have a 14-month-old son named Mateo . Erick Munoz and Marlise Munoz 's mother did not immediately respond to requests for comment from CNN . Erick Munoz found his wife unconscious on November 26 , around 2 a.m. . He performed CPR on her and then called 911 , WFAA reported . Since that day , the pregnant woman has been on life support , her husband said . Tests have shown that the fetus has a normal heart beat , he said . At 24 weeks , doctors may know more about when the fetus can be taken out , Munoz 's family told WFAA . Doctors have also discussed the possibility of taking the fetus to full term . He told WFAA that his wife had said she would not want to be kept alive by machine , and said he has reached "  the point where you wish that your wife 's body would stop . " Munoz wears his wife 's pink and blue bracelets on his wrist , WFAA reported . Her wedding ring is on his pinkie . When Munoz walks in the door , he said his son Mateo is waiting for his mother to show up . "  You can see it in his eyes , " Munoz said .	Marlise Munoz fell unconscious on November 26 Her husband said she would not want to be on life support Texas law prohibits withdrawing life-sustaining treatment from a pregnant patient
CNN  -- Sure , serious-minded folks from the White House on down have taken to Tumblr , the popular blogging platform that Yahoo announced it had purchased this week . When you host 105 million blogs , you 're bound to have all types . But since hitting the Web in 2007 , the blogs that have emerged as hits on Tumblr have tended to be silly , snarky or both . Photos : Big acquisitions in the tech world With its quick and easy tools for posting and image-friendly layouts , Tumblr has become a natural landing spot for folks in the entertain-me-now world of the Web . CNNMoney : Tumblr 's David Karp on Marissa Mayer and dropping out of school With lots of folks giving the site a look for the first time since news of the $ 1.1 billion deal was announced , here are 10 fun Tumblr blogs you might want to check out : Reasons My Son Is Crying This one will probably resonate the most with parents who will likely recognize those moments where frustration meets hilarity . Greg Pembroke of Rochester , New York , started the blog to find the humor in those out-of-left field toddler meltdowns , as practiced by his sons William and Charlie . Among the captions on his photos of weeping wee ones : "  He ca n't climb into the sea lion tank . " "  I touched his foot with my foot . " "  We helped him put on the boots he loves to wear . " He 's since opened the blog up to reader submissions -- meaning there are now daughters crying , too . Kim Jong Il Looking at Things This blog , like the Dear Leader himself , is no longer active . But scrolling back through its hundreds of photos is still pretty hilarious . Say what you will about his anti-West rhetoric and dictatorial tendencies . Kim Jong Il knew how to rock a pair of giant sunglasses . And he loved looking at things . Among the North Korean propaganda shots are images of Kim stoically examining such items as fish , snack food , pizza dough , soy sauce and a juice box . "  Why is it so funny ? " wrote Joao Rocha , who ran the blog from Lisbon , Portugal . "  I have no idea either . " Once you 've inspected Kim 's inspections , do n't give up hope . As a self-described "  shameless knock-off " shows , his successor , Kim Jong Un , likes to look at things too . How Do I Put This Gently ? Even if you do n't follow the blog , you 've probably seen some of its posts crop up on Facebook , Twitter and other sites . Tumblr probably played the biggest role on the Internet in reviving the animated GIF -- those looping snippets of video that , when done right , are strangely entrancing . This one takes scenes from movies and TV and uses them to describe everyday situations . Humans of New York If most of these are silly , HONY is captivating and , at times , poignant . In 2010 , having just lost his job in finance , Brandon Stanton set out to create a sort of photographic census of New York City . Three years later , he 's approached more than 10,000 people , taken 5,000 photos and , in the process , showcased the diversity of a city and a world . He interviews each subject and usually captions the photos with a choice quote or detail from that interview . Actresses Without Teeth It 's actresses . Photoshopped . Without teeth .  Warning : Once these images are seen , they can not be unseen . Literally Unbelievable OK , folks . "  Literally , " according to Merriam-Webster , means "  in a literal sense or manner ; actually . " So when you say something is literally unbelievable , it means no one should believe it . If only some folks on Facebook could take their own advice . This blog rounds up public Facebook posts in which people share articles from The Onion , a satire site , thinking they 're real . Its name comes from one reaction to "  news " of Planned Parenthood 's "  $ 8 billion Abortionplex , " complete with coffee shops , bars and a 10-screen movie theater . "  My favorite posts are the ones that express complete shock but not an ounce of doubt , " Hongo told CNN in 2011 . " ' I ca n't believe this ! ' is a pretty funny response to something you should not believe . " Rich Kids of Instagram "  They have more money than you , and this is what they do . " This round-up of shots from the Facebook-owned photo app is enough to get even the biggest supply-side economist a little steamed . Posing in front of their yachts . Partying in The Hamptons . Showing off their birthday-present Porsches or sipping Dom Perignon through a straw . Each of those , and so much more , is on display for all the propaganda your class-warfare inclinations will ever need . Awesome People Hanging Out Together If you want to see famous people on the Internet , there are millions of places to find them . But there 's something cool about the often-surprising meetings chronicled here that makes you wish you could be listening in . Like President Gerald Ford kicking a soccer ball with Pele . Or Jack Nicholson listening to The Monkees warm up . Or CNN 's own Anthony Bourdain cooking something with a lot of tentacles while a horrified Christopher Walken watches . From vintage images to glossy publicity shots , these are guaranteed to draw you in . White Men Wearing Google Glass A new entry to the Tumblr-scape , this one highlights , without words , an issue Google will face while pushing its innovative new piece of wearable tech . If you looked a little dorky before , you 'll look a lot dorky with these things strapped around your head . Bun B 's Jumbo Coloring and Rap Activity Tumblr Who among us has never wanted to color a picture of Vanilla Ice ? Or do a connect-the-dots to put a crown on The Notorious B.I.G. 's head ? Or pencil their way through a maze to help Humpty Hump find the Burger King bathroom  to get busy , obviously  . Almost all of us , I 'm betting . But that 's what you get on this Tumblr , from the wonderfully twisted mind of rapper Bun B . The mashup of childhood memories and hip-hop stars does n't make any sense . Which , in its way , makes perfect sense . In other words , it 's perfect for Tumblr .	On Tumblr , the random and humorous win the day Top blogs include pictures of kids crying for silly reasons , actresses with no teeth "  Humans of New York " is more poignant , creating a sort of photo census Then there 's a coloring and activity book -- of rappers
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Puzzled zookeepers in northern Japan have discovered the reason why their attempts to mate two polar bears kept failing : Both are female . A 4-year-old polar bear sent to impregnate a female polar bear at a zoo in Kushiro was found to be female as well . The municipal zoo in the city of Kushiro in Hokkaido brought in a polar bear cub three years ago . They named it Tsuyoshi , after the popular baseball outfielder Tsuyoshi Shinjo , and waited until it reached reproductive age . In June , the zoo introduced Tsuyoshi to its resident bear , an 11-year-old female named Kurumi , and waited for sparks to fly . But much to the disappointment of zookeepers , Tsuyoshi never made any amorous advances toward Kurumi . Earlier this month , zookeepers put Tsuyoshi under anesthesia to get to the bottom of the matter . That 's when they made their discovery : Tsuyoshi is a female . Still , the Kushiro zoo plans to keep Tsuyoshi because he -- or rather , she -- has become immensely popular with visitors . "  I have rather mixed feelings , given the need for breeding , but Tsuyoshi is an idol for Kushiro , " Yoshio Yamaguchi , head of the Kushiro zoo , told Japan 's Kyodo news agency . Tsuyoshi will even keep her name . "  We will not be changing it to ` Tsuyoko ' since it is loved by citizens  by the current name  , " Yamaguchi said . "  Ko " is a common suffix for a Japanese female name . Meanwhile , Tsuyoshi 's "  brother , " who was adopted by another zoo , has also turned out to be female , Kyodo reported . -- CNN 's Chie Kobayashi contributed to this report	Zoo introduced polar bear cub to its resident bear and waited for sparks to fly And it waited and waited : Tsuyoshi never made amorous advances toward Kurumi Months later , the zoo makes key discovery : both bears are female
CNN  -- To a friend of more than 20 years , Manssor Arbabsiar was a man who liked to be called "  Jack " and did n't seem to have strong views on politics or religion . To U.S. authorities , the 56-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen is a suspect in an alleged Iranian plot to assassinate Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the United States . "  It was shocking because it did n't seem like he would be the type of person to do something like that , " said Mitchel Hamauei , who said he met Arbabsiar through mutual Iranian friends . "  He was a happy go lucky guy , always joked around , " Hamauei said . "  He had a really happy demeanor . " Hamauei , who runs a gyro and kebab restaurant in Corpus Christi , Texas , said the two were close enough that he attended the graduation of Arbabsiar 's son . "  I know his wife and his son . They 're very down-to-earth people , " Hamauei said . The two kept in touch even after Arbabsiar moved to Austin about four or five years ago . "  I saw him about a year ago . He came by the store to eat a sandwich . " Arbabsiar was a used car salesman , Hamauei said . Their conversations would be about "  life in general , " he said . "  Nothing religious . Nothing political . " "  He would go out and party , " Hamauei said . "  As far as I know he never practiced religion . " Martha Guerrero , Arbabsiar 's estranged wife , told the Austin , Texas , station KVUE Tuesday that they 've "  been separated for a long time " and she does n't know anything about his affairs . However , she believes he is innocent . "  I may not be living with him , being separated , but I can not for the life of me think that he would be capable of doing that , " said Guerrero . "  He was at the wrong place at the wrong time , I 'm sure of that , and I know that his innocence is going to come out . " She said she and her children "  are under a lot of stress right now " and want the ordeal to end . She said they have nothing to do with the situation . David Tomscha , another friend of Arbabsiar 's in Corpus Christi , told CNN Arbabsiar traveled to Iran once a year and owns property in Iran . Arbabsiar and Gholam Shakuri , an Iran-based member of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , are accused of a conspiracy to murder a foreign official , conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism , the FBI said Tuesday . Arbabsiar was arrested in September . Shakuri remains at large , the bureau said . The two were in a group that began planning this spring to kill Saudi Ambassador Adel Al-Jubeir , the FBI said . Arbabsiar has had prior brushes with the law , but for minor infractions . Public records show three arrests for Arbabsiar over the last 25 years . He was sentenced to 90 days in jail for evading arrest in 1987 , and he pleaded "  no contest " to a lesser charge in 2004 after he was arrested for driving on a suspended license . Arbabsiar also received a speeding ticket in 2007 for going more than 10 mph over the limit . A 2001 theft charge against Arbabsiar was dismissed , CNN affiliate KIII-TV reported . According to the allegations he now faces , Arbabsiar and an undercover informant discussed using explosives to kill the Saudi ambassador and possibly attacking a crowded restaurant , according to an FBI affidavit released Tuesday . The informant named $ 1.5 million as his price , it said . Arbabsiar allegedly sent $ 100,000 intended as a down payment , telling the informant his "  cousin " had deep pockets , court documents said . "  This is out of character , " Hamauei said . "  Whether he would actually carry it out ? I do n't believe so . " CNN 's Nick Valencia , Tracy Sabo and Maryam Ayromlou contributed to this report	NEW : The suspect 's estranged wife doubts his guilt Mitchel Hamauei knew Manssor Arbabsiar for 20 years Charges sound "  out of character , " the friend says Public records show Arbabsiar has three previous arrests
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The death toll from an outbreak of hepatitis B in India 's western Gujarat state reached 38 on Sunday as authorities prepared to begin a vaccination drive against the disease . Hepatitis-B patient Mahir Husain , center , is comforted at a hospital in Ahmedabad . Malayappan Thennarasa , the top administrator of the affected Sabarkantha district , told CNN the toll had climbed to 38 and that shots would be administered free of cost starting Monday . Health officials have recorded 125 cases of the infection in two weeks . Authorities were carrying out raids at medical stores for bogus drugs and recycled syringes . Police have so far arrested five medical practitioners . One of them was charged Sunday with attempted murder . The doctor is accused of reusing syringes , Thennarasa said . Hepatitis B is a contagious liver disease resulting from infection with the hepatitis B virus , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It usually spreads through blood , semen , or other bodily fluids , often through sexual contact or sharing needles or syringes with an infected person . The disease can range from a mild illness lasting a few weeks to a serious , chronic illness resulting in long-term health problems or death , the CDC said .	An outbreak of contagious liver disease hepatitis B kills 38 people in India The victims died in the state of Gujarat in western India in the past two weeks Officials have recorded 125 cases of the infection Doctor is facing attempted murder charge
CNN  -- The leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council will hold a meeting Monday in Saudi Arabia to discuss transforming their six nations into a union , similar to the European Union . The idea of the GCC nations to integrate into one entity -- and replace what exists now as simply a cooperative -- was first floated by Saudi Arabia in December . Monday 's meeting in Riyadh will lay out the timetable for it . The GCC is comprised of Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , and the United Arab Emirates . "  The threats of all kinds require the hard works of the GCC countries to shift from a current formula of cooperation to a union formula acceptable to the six countries , " Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal said last month . He did n't specify what threats he was referring to . But some analysts have said the GCC move could be an effort to counter the growing influence of Shiite Iran . The GCC was formed in 1981 , soon after Iran instituted a Shiite theocracy and went to war with primarily Sunni Iraq . Iran and Iraq have enjoyed closer ties in recent years , especially as Iraq 's Shia Muslim majority has solidified its power in the absence of former leader Saddam Hussein , a Sunni Muslim . After U.S. forces pulled out of Iraq last year , Tehran has expanded military and security cooperation with Baghdad . Also , GCC member Bahrain blames Iran for fueling the anti-government unrest that continues to roil the country . Tehran has denied involvement . Bahrain is a predominantly Shiite country , ruled by a Sunni royal family . Last year , at the height of the protests , Bahrain called it troops from member nations Saudi Arabia and the UAE and cracked down . Iran is also engaged in a longtime border dispute with the UAE over three Persian Gulf islands ; Abu Mousa , and the Greater and Lesser Tunbs . The UAE says Iran has illegally occupied the islands . Iran views them as part of its territory . In this climate , comes the GCC move to form a union . "  Such strategic vision would include common approaches to defense , security , political and economic long-term interests , " said GCC Assistant Secretary General Abdel Aziz Aluwaisheg in an opinion piece Sunday in the Saudi English-language daily , Arab News . Already , Al Wefaq , Bahrain 's main Shiite opposition party , has demanded that the Bahraini government put the idea to a popular vote before it agrees . "  The people of the states of the European Union voted on the union decision before the union was announced . The people of the Gulf should also have their say , " he said .	"  Threats of all kinds " require such a union , the Saudi foreign minister says The GCC move could be an effort to counter the influence of Shiite Iran Bahrain blames Iran for the anti-government protests The UAE and Iran are engaged in a longtime border dispute
CNN  -- Rapper Lil ' Wayne may avoid jail time on an Arizona drug charge , according to a plea deal that was announced Monday . The only problem is the rapper is already in jail . Lil ' Wayne is currently serving a year in prison in New York for gun charges . But he appeared in an Arizona court Monday via video . The rapper , whose legal name is Dwayne Carter , could receive 36 months probation in the plea deal , according to court documents from Yuma County Superior Court in Arizona . Carter was facing a maximum sentence of three-plus years in prison if convicted in the Arizona case , according to court documents . The charges stem from a January 2008 bust on his tour bus where the drug ecstasy was allegedly found in his backpack . The plea deal is a recommendation and needs to be confirmed when Carter goes in front of a judge at a later date . Lil ' Wayne is a multiplatinum-selling and Grammy-winning rap artist . His hits include "  The Block is Hot " and "  Lollipop . " His album "  Tha Carter III " was the top selling disc of 2008 . His latest album , "  Rebirth , " was released earlier this year . The New York charges stem from his arrest in 2007 outside New York City 's Beacon Theater . According to police , Carter had a .40 - caliber pistol on his tour bus . His attorney said it belonged to someone else .	Lil Wayne pleads guilty to drug charge Already in jail for drug charge Rapper may get 36 months probation for Arizona case
CNN  -- Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid were both held in La Liga as they battled to unconvincing draws . Real Madrid failed to score for a second consecutive game as they were held 0-0 by Racing Santander . Coach Jose Mourinho could do little to inject some life into his team as they struggled to break down a spirited Racing defense . In fact it was Racing who could have taken the lead after Oscar Serrano 's superb strike was only kept out by a stunning finger-tip save by goalkeeper Iker Casillas . The draw followed Real 's 1-0 defeat to Levante and leaves them seventh in the league . "  This was a different match to that against Levante as here it felt as though there was only one side looking to win the game , " Mourinho told AFP . "  It is a worrying situation as we have now lost five points from two games away from home . It would be wrong to say one player has n't scored or another one has failed but as a team we were n't at our best although we tried . " Meanwhile Barcelona were lucky to grab a 2-2 draw with Valencia , La Liga 's early , surprise pace-setters . In a chaotic 11 first half minutes Eric Abidal gifted Valencia the lead when he deflected a low cross from the left into his own net . Pedro soon equalized for Barcelona but a few moments later Pablo Hernandez tapped in to restore Valencia 's well-deserved advantage . But the match turned on what may well be the miss of the season when Roberto Soldado , totally unmarked and in the middle of an empty net , somehow slid in and diverted the ball past the left hand post . In the second half Barcelona probed in their typically patient fashion before Cesc Fabregas scored his fourth goal of the season . The match finished 2-2 . Elsewhere Atletico Madrid won 4-0 win against Sporting Gijon . Big money summer signing Falcao scored twice , taking his tally to five goals in two games . Qatar-owned Malaga beat Athletic Bilbao 1-0 whilst Levante followed their impressive victory over Real Madrid with all three points against Rayo Vallecano , beating them 2-1 . In Italy AC Milan needed a 63rd minute goal from teenage substitute Stephan el Shaarawy to earn a 1-1 draw against Udinese . The result means that both Milan clubs have yet to record a win this season . Tuesday night saw Inter Milan lose 3-1 to newly-promoted Novara and coach Gian Piero Gasperini lose his job . But AC Milan coach Massimilano Allegri insisted that he was happy with his team 's performance . "  We played well right up until the end and only risked conceding on the counter , " he told AFP . "  It 's normal that it 's not nice looking at the table but the important thing is how you play . I 'm happy because the lads played well and took risks by trying to score . " Genoa currently lead Serie A on goals scored after beating Catania 3-0 .	Both Barcelona and Real Madrid draw in La Liga Real Madrid held to a dull 0-0 draw against Racing Santander Barcelona came from behind to draw 2-2 with Valencia In Serie A , AC Milan also draw
CNN  -- The son of a man who died from intestinal problems says he now wonders whether his father 's wife might have poisoned him . Betty Johnson Neumar is shown at her booking . She is charged with hiring a hit man to kill her husband . Betty Neumar , 76 , was charged by North Carolina authorities last month with one count of solicitation of murder in the July 1986 death of Harold Gentry , one of her five dead spouses since the 1950s . Since the arrest , authorities have launched an investigation into the deaths of her previous husbands , including John Neumar Sr. , her fifth husband . Neumar 's son appeared on "  Nancy Grace " on Wednesday along with Jay Almond , a news editor with the Stanly News and Press in North Carolina . "  It was n't long after my father married her that he started being sick , " Neumar said . He said he learned of his father 's death when he read it in a local newspaper . Betty Neumar has not been charged in connection with that death or her other three husbands . "  She has only been charged in one state , " her attorney Charles Parnell said . "  I want to remind everybody she has only been charged in North Carolina , and obviously , she is presumed to be innocent . There is nothing with the other states because there are no charges at this particular time . " Here is an edited transcript of the show : Neumar : You know , actually , murder almost never crossed my mind until the Gentry case came up . In fact , we did not know she was married all this time . We just thought that she was married one time and she was a widow lady who married my father . Well , it was n't long after my father married her that he started being sick and everything . And he was never sick a day in his life -LSB- before then -RSB- . And I figured something was wrong because he put -- such a wedge became between our families that should n't have existed . We were so close . And the longer she was married to him , the less we had to do with him and the more time it seemed like he was sick but she would n't let us know about it . In fact , when he did die , I read about it in the newspaper and did n't even know he was dead . And when I went to the funeral home , she already had him cremated . Grace : Had him cremated ? Neumar : Correct . Grace : Mr. Neumar , what was the cause of death of your father ? Neumar : Well , it 's a complicated thing , and I 'm not very good with these technical terms and all . But from what the doctors say , it was some type of stomach and bowel and , you know , intestine problem and everything , which I 've been told later by some people that the symptoms that he had could be caused by arsenic poisoning . Grace : John , when you first met her , did n't you tell me you believed at that time she was a widow , a one-time widow that married your father ? Neumar : Right . That was correct . We were told that her husband just passed away , and my mother had passed away a couple years before that . And we -- you know , we just figured it was a widow and a widower getting married . Grace : How did she meet your father ? Neumar : A friend of his went up there to where she had a salon to get haircutting . My father , he went to go up there and get his haircut because I think his barber had retired . So he went up there to get his haircut , and that 's where he met her . Grace : And how long after they met did they marry ? Neumar : You know , I 'm bad with time frame , but I 'd say , I think within a year or something like that -LSB- 1989 -RSB- . Grace : Quick courtship . Neumar : Right . ... Jay Almond , news editor : The information I have is based on an investigation that the Stanly County Sheriff 's Office is running , and information there is that the D.A. 's office and the Stanly County sheriff have gathered evidence from witnesses saying that Betty Neumar solicited to commit murder to her husband , Harold . Thomas Harold Gentry was shot to death in Norwood home near the back door inside the home . He was found by friends or family members -- I believe friendly members sent there by his employers . He did n't report to work . ... And -LSB- they -RSB- discover him there dead , and then the investigation there ensues but did not lead to anything enough to press charges against anyone . Grace : . . Jay , what can you tell me about this woman ? What is her background ? Almond : She 's a 76-year-old widow ... and she 's been married four other times . She initially was inviting to family members , but then sort of became more of a wedge in the family and has gone from there , got colder and -- with previous family members .	Son says his dad got sick shortly after he married wife two decades ago Authorities launch probe into deaths of five husbands of Betty Neumar Son says he learned of his dad 's death in newspaper , body was cremated
Along a pastoral lane at George Washington 's Mount Vernon estate sits a sizable wooden pen built specifically to house the two turkeys that will be "  pardoned " at the White House on Wednesday . The well-appointed pen includes a small coop to protect them from weather and foxes , and an area for them to strut their stuff for camera-toting tourists . But there is one thing that is missing : other turkeys . That 's because all the turkeys ever pardoned at the White House are dead , including the six already given a pass from the roasting pan by President Barack Obama in previous years . John Boehner , king of the turkey brine ? "  The bird is bred for the table , not for longevity , " said Dean Norton , the director at Mount Vernon in charge of livestock . "  Some of -LSB- the pardoned turkeys -RSB- have been pretty short lived . " Compared to domesticated animals , turkeys bred for consumption are usually plump and slaughtered after a period of months , and would n't be expected to live much longer on their own . So , a pardon really can extend their lives a lot , relatively speaking . The two turkeys pardoned in 2012 - Cobbler and Gobbler - died within a year of their White House appearance , despite what a spokeswoman at Mount Vernon said was diligent veterinary care . Gobbler died on February 5 , 2013 , of natural causes . Cobbler lived a bit longer , dying on August 22 , 2013 , after he fell ill and had to be euthanized . Both are buried at Mount Vernon . In the two years prior , three of the four pardoned turkeys died less than five months after their pardon . The other turkey - Peace , who was pardoned in 2011 - lived 16 months after arriving at Mount Vernon . So why do those birds -- and others bred to be eaten -- die faster than their wild brethren ? "  The birds are fed in such a way to increase their weight , " Norton , who has worked at Mount Vernon since 1969 , said . " -LSB- Americans -RSB- want a nice big breasted turkey and so they are fed high protein diet and they get quite large . The organs , though , that are in this bird are meant for a smaller bird . They just ca n't handle the extra weight , so they end up living not as long -LSB- as wild turkeys -RSB- . " The differences extend beyond life expectancy , too . "  Your native bird can fly beautifully and roost in trees , " Norton said , while the type that receive pardons "  does not fly , has very short stubbly legs and typically last right up to Thanksgiving . " How to defrost your turkey Final years ? Figuratively In 2012 , when Obama announced the pardons for Cobbler and Gobbler , he hinted the birds were in their final years , telling the audience that they were headed to Mount Vernon "  where they will spend their twilight years in the storied home of George Washington . " The word "  years , " however , seems to be an exaggeration . The National Turkey Federation , a group that lobbies for the turkey industry and selects those to be honored each year at the White House , disagrees with any notion that the lives of these birds are cut short . They are bred for consumption have a "  life expectancy of about 18 weeks , " said Keith Williams , spokesman for the turkey federation . "  They are not raised as pets and animals are not pets . " Their short lives , Williams points out , says more about Americans taste for turkey and breeding practices than mistreatment or short lives . Thanksgiving tips and recipes Bred to be stuffed Starting in 1960 , farmers specifically started breeding plump turkeys that had large amounts of white breast meat -- a response to American demand . The differences between wild and bred turkeys , Williams said , stems mostly from diet . "  A turkey that is bred exclusively for eating , eats corn and soybean that have minerals in them , " Williams said . According to the federation , a whopping 219 million turkeys were consumed in the United States in 2011 . On Thanksgiving that year , the group estimates 46 million were gobbled up . Since 1970 , around the time breeding practices changed , turkey consumption has increased 104 percent , according to the federation . The practice of pardoning a turkey at the White House dates to Abraham Lincoln . The story goes that around Thanksgiving , turkeys were brought to the White House and Lincoln 's son , Tad , grew attached to one particular bird and begged his chief executive father to spare the fowl from the table . Lincoln agreed and the turkey lived . It is unclear if the practice continued for the next 100 years . But in 1963 , President John F. Kennedy decided to send his turkey back to the farm it came from , telling the National Turkey Federation they should "  just let this one grow " instead . Bush "  41 " sent them to Frying Pan Park The tradition became official in 1989 , under President George H.W. Bush . On November 14 , weeks before Thanksgiving , Bush pardoned a turkey and the White House shipped him off to live his twilight year at -- Frying Pan Park -- in Herndon , Virginia . Since then , a President has pardoned a turkey each year . All of Obama 's turkeys were sent to Mount Vernon . The birds spent the holidays in the public pen and then were moved to a livestock area out of view because they were not "  historically accurate " to Washington 's time period . According to Norton , the turkey federation wanted the birds to be more prominently displayed . So this year , they will head to Morven Park , a historic estate in Leesburg , Virginia , on January 7 . The estate was home to Former Virginia Gov. Westmoreland Davis , who ran it from 1918 to 1922 . Davis was a prodigious turkey farmer , according to Teresa Davenport , a spokeswoman for Morven Park . As for the near certainty that the turkeys will soon die , Davenport said they "  are going to do everything -LSB- they -RSB- can to make that not happen . " "  These turkeys were raised in Minnesota , so they are used to cold winters , " Davenport said . "  A lot of the employees here are already on turkey duty . "	Each year , an American president "  pardons " a turkey or two just before Thanksgiving President Barack Obama has sent his turkeys to Mt. Vernon for their "  twilight years " But a pardon just means the birds are n't stuffed and eaten ; they 're not expected to live long American turkeys are bred to be consumed , many of them at Thanksgiving
CNN  -- Luis Suarez , a player of unquestionable talent but with an unfortunate tendency to bite , now faces disciplinary action from soccer 's governing body after he appeared to sink his teeth into an opponent yet again . FIFA said Wednesday that it has begun proceedings after the Uruguay striker was accused of biting another player during his team 's World Cup victory over Italy a day earlier . Television pictures showed Suarez dipping his head toward Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini , sending both men tumbling to the ground . When the Italian defender eventually got up , he pulled down his shirt and furiously indicated he had been bitten on the shoulder . Suarez , 27 , has already been banned twice in his career for his wayward teeth . But those offenses happened in club-level games . Tuesday 's incident was during soccer 's biggest spectacle , in front of an audience of millions . And whether he 's ultimately found guilty , Suarez 's teeth baring now takes its place in the annals of World Cup controversy , along with Diego Maradona 's "  hand of God " goal and Zinedine Zidane 's headbutt . Suarez and the Uruguayan Football Association have until 5 p.m. Brasilia time  4 p.m. ET  Wednesday "  to provide their position and any documentary evidence they deem relevant " to the disciplinary proceedings , FIFA said . Suarez , a mercurial player who has earned both accolades and ignominy in his career , could face a maximum ban of 24 matches or two years . It will probably be much less . Former Italian international Mauro Tassotti was given an eight-match ban in 1994 , the longest suspension in World Cup history , after breaking the nose of Spain 's Luis Enrique . And Zidane , the former France midfielder , was handed a three-match ban for headbutting Marco Materazzi in the 2006 final . After the game , which Uruguay won 1-0 , Suarez said he simply collided with Chiellini 's shoulder . "  The only thing I know , " he said , "  is that those are occurrences that happen on the pitch . " ` Suarez is a sneak ' To a large extent , Uruguay 's fate at the World Cup rests on Suarez . Forced to undergo surgery , he missed Uruguay 's opening game against Costa Rica . His team lost . He made a dramatic return in time to face England just five weeks after his operation -- and scored both goals in the South American side 's 2-1 win . Then came Tuesday 's faceoff with Italy . The two teams were scoreless in the first half . Then came the controversial tussle . Moments later , Uruguay 's Diego Godin scored the match 's only goal . Despite vigorous objection from the Italian players , the Mexican referee refused to look at Chiellini 's shoulder , or penalize Suarez .  In yet another bizarre coincidence , the Mexican referee Marco Antonio Rodriguez is known as "  Dracula " for his apparent resemblance to the actor who plays the character in a TV show there  . "  Suarez is a sneak and he gets away with it because FIFA want their stars to play in the World Cup , " Chiellini told Sky Sports Italia afterward . "  I 'd love to see if they have the courage to use video evidence against him . The referee saw the bite mark too , but he did nothing about it . " Facing criticism again FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce , who also presides as head of the organization 's referees committee , said he had serious concerns over Suarez 's actions . "  I have watched the incident several times on television , " he said . "  There is no doubt Luis Suarez is a fantastic footballer but , once again , his actions have left him open to severe criticism . " Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez said he did n't spot the incident but would like to see images of it . "  And if it happened , the referee probably did n't see it , " he said . "  So no , I do n't have any more comments to make . We had more important things than this in a football match . " But he suggested that Suarez was being singled out by the media . "  There seems there is animosity against this football player , " Tabarez said . "  He just came out of a difficult moment and he has been penalized . There are people hiding behind the tree waiting for something to happen . " Defended by captain The Uruguay team captain , Diego Lugano , blamed Chiellini for exaggerating the episode . When asked by reporters about the incident , he said , "  You saw this , really ? "  You need to show me because I did n't see anything . "  Did you see it today or did you see what happened in other years . You could n't have seen it today because nothing happened . "  The worst of everything is the attitude of Chiellini . He 's a great player , with an enormous status . It does n't correspond with Italian football . As sportsmen leaving the field , crying and appealing against a rival . As a man he disappointed me totally . " Previous bites The Uruguayan , who plays his club football with Liverpool , was banned for 10 games in April 2013 after being found guilty of biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . He was also guilty of biting during his time in the Netherlands with Ajax where he was banned for seven games after leaving a scar on the collarbone of Otman Bakkal . Suarez 's rap sheet is lengthy . At the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , he deliberately handled the ball on the goal-line to deny Ghana a place in the semifinals of the World Cup . He was sent off for his troubles but Ghana missed the penalty and Uruguay went on to finish third in the tournament . The following year after his move to Liverpool , Suarez was found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . He was fined $ 63,000 and banned for eight matches . Dazzling season Last week , after scoring both goals in the game against England , Suarez hit out at the British media after claiming he had been unfairly treated over his transgressions . "  Before the game people in England laughed about my attitude over the last few years , " he said . "  I want to see what they think now . I have dreamed of this moment . " Suarez enjoyed a sensational season with Liverpool -- scoring 31 league goals to help his club qualify for the Champions League . He was voted Player of the Year by his fellow colleagues and also named as the journalists ' Player of the Year too -- awards that reflected a feeling that Suarez had put his troubled past behind him . But all those controversies came rushing back to haunt him Tuesday . His tangle with Chiellini appears to have put his participation in the rest of the World Cup in serious doubt . In this case , he may have bitten off more than he can chew . How social media chewed up Luis Suarez Reality bites , but Uruguay have their hero 's back Smitten or bitten ? Some adore Uruguay 's Luis Suarez , others cry foul CNN 's James Masters , Greg Botelho and Chris Eldergill contributed to this report .	NEW : FIFA says it has opened disciplinary proceedings against Suarez He is accused of biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini during a World Cup game Suarez and Uruguay have until Wednesday evening to give their position , FIFA says The striker says he just collided with the defender 's shoulder
CNN  -- The robbers , police say , were "  well informed " and had carefully chosen the time and place of their heist . As police officers were busy keeping an eye on areas popular with New Year revelers , four armed and masked robbers forced their way into an Apple store in central Paris and made off with as much as $ 1.3 million worth of iPhones , iPads and other devices . The robbers entered through a service entrance into the store , which had closed for the day , using violence to intimidate store employees , said Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre , a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutors office . They then "  calmly " went through boxes full of Apple products in the basement storeroom , seeking out iPhones , iPads and laptops , said Christophe Crepin , spokesman for UNSA Police , a national police trade union . Read more : Is Apple starting to lose its bite ? "  They knew exactly what they were taking , " he said , noting that the robbery focused on the merchandise in the storeroom and left the devices on display inside the store untouched . They loaded the stolen goods , estimated to have a retail value of around one million euros  $ 1.3 million  , into a Mercedes van parked nearby and sped off , he said . Thibault-Lecuivre declined to confirm the value of the robbers ' haul , saying that Apple managers were still working out how much had been taken . Housed in an elegant Haussmann-style building in a popular shopping district , the store Apple Store at Opera is one of two in central Paris . The other is in an underground mall connected to the Louvre . Read more : Tech trends for 2013 : Five things to watch	The theft takes place as police are busy supervising New Year revelers The armed robbers force their way in and seek out iPhones and iPads "  They knew exactly what they were taking , " a police union official says The masked intruders assaulted store employees during the robbery
CNN  -- Dr Yves Jean-Bart , President of the Haiti Football Federation , tells CNN about the day that the earthquake struck , the devastating aftermath and his hope for the future of soccer in the country . What happened on the day of the earthquake ? I went to the federation around 1pm to meet the President of the Women 's league and the members of the commission of the league - we had to discuss a lot of matters . Also present at the meeting were Hancy Lescouflair  wife of the Minister of Sports and the Women 's League President  and the national head coach Jean Yves Labaze . The meeting was over and I was getting ready to leave when I felt the house shaking . I ran towards the back exit of the house . While going downstairs it was shaking really badly , I lost my balance and fell and blocks of debris fell on my hand . I got up and fell again with a huge amount of debris falling on my body . I was scared but I got up again to move away from the house that I then saw collapse in a white cloud . With the few that were able to escape this tragedy , and also the friends of the football family , we started helping people trapped under the rubble . During the whole night , even in darkness and with their lives in danger , those young friends of football saved and removed a few injured colleagues under the rubble . Unfortunately , more than 30 perished and even more saddening , we were not able to recover their body for days . Every day we go to the ruins of our office , and we had a memorial ceremony for all our colleagues that perished . We were helpless , beside three cases , to remove their bodies and return them to their families . What was going through your mind after the earthquake ? I had many thoughts going through my head for many days after and not having communication , we were unable to obtain information . When some friends were able to recover my Blackberry , I started working and trying to reorganize . I started by contacting the parents of the young boys and girls , miraculously saved because they were practicing at the National Stadium , and helped those that were in need . I was also deeply in pain with my injuries and the loss of some of my family . Psychologically , I had a lot of questions . I was terribly choked . What was left of the Haiti Football Federation ? From the headquarters there was nothing left . All our office equipment , all of what we were able to acquire throughout the years in order to put together a decent office - our efforts to have a nice archive , our trophies and distinctions during the last years - we lost everything . But most of all we lost a lot of colleagues including our best coach for the past years , all the equipment of our national teams , thousands of balls recently purchased everything ... everything . How did you cope in those days after the earthquake ? It 's hard to adapt yourself to this , it 's a whole different ball game . I did not have any meds and my injured fingers started to get infected . We were sleeping on the ground with the mosquitoes , the wind , the cold and the loud noises of airplanes coming in and out of the airport . Fortunately some colleagues were able to recover my Blackberry -- it was damaged but functional . We were able to get together , us members of the federation , and we all did our best to get back to work progressively . My kids were fabulous - they were able to send me meds , tents , sleeping bags and some money to cover every day expenses . Physically things got better but it has been a horrible misery up to now . What help did you receive from your neighboring countries and from FIFA itself ? The support we received was the most comforting . Less than four days after the earthquake , Captain Burrell , the President of the Jamaican Football Federation , arrived in two helicopters sent by the Presidents of FIFA & CONCACAF . We accompanied him on a small tour of the town and met leaders in the stadium and on the ruins of our headquarters . The very emotional report that he wrote touched the world football family even more on the hugeness of the tragedy . The president of the Dominican Football Federation sent colleagues to check on us and find out about our needs . He also sent me some meds that were very precious . President Blatter and a lot of his colleagues called me and assured me that we were not alone . About two weeks ago , with a lot of difficulties , FIFA Vice-President Jack Warner made it to Port-au-Prince in a private plane and brought us meds , foods and water . He promised to motivate the FIFA committee about our needs , promised that FIFA would help our national teams to keep competing , all in all helping us rebuild our soccer . At FIFA , last Tuesday , during the meeting of the associations , a lot of Presidents of Federations were present . A minute 's silence was observed for all the victims of the earthquake and during a special meeting , President Blatter announced to me that a special fund was created for the reconstruction of our football . FIFA experts will come to Haiti soon to evaluate our needs , build projects that FIFA will finance from this newly created fund . This is a big solidarity move . On February 26 with the help of the Venezuelan government we will play a charity game in Caracas . On March 7th , with the help of a German TV station , our men 's national team will play a game to raise funds that will be used to rebuild the stadium of Leogane that was completely destroyed . Some former world athletes have agreed to participate in this game . The Germans have already visited this stadium and plan to help us for a while with this project . Soccer federations of the whole world - Qatar , Switzerland , Honduras , Nicaragua and Mexico -- offered their help and we are deeply touched by this move . How many of Haiti 's players were affected by the earthquake ? The number of dead and injured announced , is really , really far from reality . The very bad construction of the country , the lack of organization in general , the fact that the first response help got on the ground days after , will make the final numbers very high , higher than the official numbers given . Fortunately with the fact the earthquake happened at 4:53 pm , the players of Divisions 1 and 2 were unharmed . The players lost immediate families : parents , wives , children . A lot of young players are orphans . When communication is fully restored and obviously when teams start training again , we will have an idea but the numbers will never be exact . How does Haiti as a country feel about football ? There is not one Haitian that has not touched a soccer ball . Football is part of the everyday life of Haiti , even with the scary living conditions in Port-au-Prince , even with the fields being occupied , they still play soccer . It is the only entertainment reserved for everybody . At the federation we had the great idea of distributing in the temporary shelters the few soccer balls we were able to recover and it was an explosion of joy . I think it is necessary and mandatory , to help with the psychological recovery of a major part of the population , to free the fields and allow the people to release some stress . In times of crisis like this does it help having something like football help to focus you ? It is a big challenge that motivates us better , gives us the desire to live . My biggest objective is for the soccer family to become more united every day , because until recently the soccer family was disunited . We feel that we have more responsibility than before . With all this solidarity coming from all around the world , with the situation of the youth , with this cruel misery and this sudden loss for everybody , we feel that soccer has an important role to play in the reconstruction of this country . How will you rebuild the federation and how long will it take ? It will be difficult - the conditions are impossible for us . My colleagues at the federation are aware that every time we try to restart the soccer world in Haiti an unfortunate situation puts us back to square one . In 2003 we had to stop everything during a political crisis . In 2003 we had Hurricane Jeanne . In 2005 there was the security crisis with the departure of President Aristide . In 2008 there were the four hurricanes of the summer . Every time it is an exodus of talent , the loss of the buying power of the population and each time we have to start from scratch . Fortunately with new players , the work that we maintain with the young players , with the heavy support of FIFA , we climbed back up the ladder because in all age categories our teams are some of the best in the region . Do you think the federation will grow strong again in the future ? I want to talk about construction and reconstruction at the same time . Haitian soccer has existed for more than 100 years . Soccer is a tradition deeply involved in the culture , the life of the country . The misery of the country affected its international evolvement but not its creativity , its popularity , its power and national weight . In this domain , with no doubt , everything exists , we will have to motivate - sensibly , because the human factor exists - in order to create an elite of players , to allow young talents to use soccer to get out of the misery , with the goal of obtaining a major professional contract and bringing money back to the country , or attending school abroad . We need to take charge of the most talented and ask for the resources that we need . We ask for infrastructures in the reconstruction process that the government will start to put at the service of these young talents and sports associations . The Latin American countries insisted on sports infrastructures that did n't exist for the youth . FIFA will help to rebuild our headquarters . It should be a reality before the end of this year . For the destroyed fields at Leoganea and Petit Goave , this should not take time . Destroyed or not by the earthquake , all the soccer fields are only by name , all of them need to be rebuilt because they were n't really existent before . With the lack of resources we had in the past we were able to accomplish so much , now with all the support that we will get , we will come back stronger than before .	January 's earthquake killed 30 of Haiti 's Football Federation officials Haiti 's Football President Dr Yves Jean-Bart was injured in the quake Dr Jean-Bart is trying to rebuild the federation with help from FIFA He tells CNN about the earthquake and the enormous challenges ahead
John XXIII and John Paul II were canonized Sunday by Pope Francis in an unprecedented ceremony witnessed by huge crowds gathered in St. Peter 's Square in Vatican City . Millions more around the world watched as two former pontiffs were for the first time installed as saints in a dual canonization . The faithful and the curious packed the streets of Rome around the Vatican before dawn , hoping to gain entry to St. Peter 's Square and catch a direct glimpse of church history in the making . Vatican Radio put the crowds at some 800,000 in the St. Peter 's area , including the square and the roads and gardens around it . Another 500,000 followed the proceedings on giant screens set up around Rome , according to estimates based on police aerial shots . In another first on a historic day , two living popes were present for the ceremony . Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI , who resigned from the papacy a year ago citing health reasons , was not at the altar but was greeted warmly by Francis both before and after the event . Many of those gathered in the square for the solemn open-air ceremony carried flags and banners . The red and white Polish flag was prominent among them , a reflection of the affection felt for John Paul II in his homeland , Poland . Another read simply , "  Thank you . " With the canonization , a holy relic for each of the popes was formally presented to the altar before the crowds . Giant banners showing the faces of the two late popes hung on the facade of St. Peter 's Basilica . In his homily , Francis described the pair as "  men of courage " who bore witness to God 's mercy . "  They were priests , bishops and popes of the 20th century , " he said . "  They lived through the tragic events of that century , but they were not overwhelmed by them . For them , God was more powerful , faith was more powerful . " He paid tribute to the efforts of John XXIII and John Paul II to renew and strengthen the church . The landmark Second Vatican Council called by John XXIII was of great service to the church , he said . That council helped to bring the church to the people , for example by allowing languages other than Latin to be used for Mass. . John Paul II , who served for nearly 27 years , is seen as the "  pope of the family " and wanted to be remembered that way , Francis added . Popemobile progress After greeting visiting dignitaries , Pope Francis climbed into the Popemobile , a chance for him to get closer to some of the many faithful who have flocked to Rome . The joyful crowds waved and screamed as he passed through their midst in the open-sided vehicle , with Francis waving and smiling back . One American pilgrim , Hector Alicea of Maryland , told CNN it was "  a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity " for him and his two children to be there for the event . "  It was very exciting , " he said . "  We did n't get a lot of sleep and it 's very , very crowded , but all in all it was an incredibly cheerful environment . " The event has a special significance for him because his faith was revitalized after he heard John Paul II preach a sermon in Baltimore in 1994 , he said . "  What we are seeing today is the kind of youth who grew up in the John Paul generation . " He was impressed by the diversity of the crowds , he said , as well as the numbers of young and old among them . Applause greets Benedict Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said beforehand that as many as 150 cardinals and 1,000 bishops would attend the canonization ceremony , as well as some 6,000 priests . Benedict , looking frail in his white robes , was greeted with applause as he took his place among the bishops and cardinals . Delegations from more than 100 countries around the world were expected to be present , the Vatican said , including at least 24 heads of state . A large Jewish delegation was also to attend , reflecting the efforts of both popes to reach out to the Jewish faith . Sunday evening also marks the beginning of Holocaust Remembrance Day . The two popes canonized are : John XXIII  1881-1963  -- known as Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli before he became pope -- was one of 13 children born into a family of Italian peasants , farmers from a tiny village in the country 's north . He was sent away to study for the priesthood at age 11 . John Paul II  1920-2005  , born Karol Jozef Wojtyla , was brought up in a grimy industrial town in Poland and raised by his soldier father after his mother died when he was just 8 years old . He spent his formative years living under first Nazis , then Communists . His beatification is the quickest in modern times , made possible because Benedict -- who succeeded John Paul in 2005 -- waived the normal five-year waiting period after death to get someone 's beatification rolling . Tomb visits Vatican observers see the decision to canonize both popes together as a masterstroke designed to invite unity within the Roman Catholic Church , since it brings together a conservative and a reformer . The day chosen for the ceremony , the first Sunday after Easter , is significant because in the church calendar it is Divine Mercy Sunday . Mercy was a theme important to both popes -- and to Francis . After the Mass , the Basilica of St. Peter will be open into the evening to allow pilgrims the opportunity to visit the tombs of the two new saints , Vatican Radio said . John Paul II 's relic , a vial containing his blood , is the same one used for his beatification ceremony in 2011 . John XXIII 's relic is a piece of skin removed from his body when it was exhumed -- in order to move his body from the crypt under St Peter 's Basilica to the main Basilica -- for his 2000 beatification ceremony . After the Eucharistic service , their names were included for the first time in the chanting of the litany of the saints . The huge crowds present in Rome reflect the fact that both men were popular in life and known for their efforts to reach out to ordinary people , a path which Francis also seems determined to follow . The event is the biggest in Vatican City since the election of Pope Francis last year . The Vatican 's official website said civil security forces were prepared and the subway system would run nonstop through the weekend to accommodate the influx of pilgrims for the ceremony .	Estimated 800,000 watch ceremony in St. Peter 's area , 500,000 more around Rome Pope Francis hails John XXIII and John Paul II as "  men of courage " in his homily "  They were priests , bishops and popes of the 20th century , " Francis says The presence of two living popes for a canonization ceremony is historic
CNN  -- Manchester United has been named as the world 's most valuable football club for the seventh year in a row by Forbes , while its former star David Beckham is once again the highest-paid player . The U.S. business magazine 's Forbes 2011 Soccer Valuation survey ranked the English club at $ 1.86 billion ahead of Spain 's Real Madrid  $ 1.45 billion  . Fellow Premier League club Arsenal came in third at $ 1.19 billion , with Germany 's Bayern Munich at $ 1.1 billion and Spain 's Barcelona down one place to fifth on $ 975 million . Forbes , which will release the full list in its May 9 issue , said the average value of the top 20 clubs increased by 1.3 % to $ 640 million , while average operating income rose 25 % to $ 40 million . It based its ratings on earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . Manchester United owners report huge financial losses United 's parent company posted record pre-tax losses of $ 178 million last month , due to the huge debts the Glazer family incurred in buying the club for almost # 800 million  $ 1.33 billion  in 2005 , but it has consistently posted healthy operating profits . Forbes cited United 's "  powerful global brand with 333 million supporters worldwide , including 193 million in Asia , and 9.5 million Facebook fans . " It said United 's value had risen 12.5 % in local currency , with commercial revenue of $ 122 million growing at a double-digit annual rate following new deals with Turkish Airlines , Betfair and several telecommunications companies . Real Madrid 's income of $ 537 million last year was the second-highest of any sports team in the world , behind the New York Yankees baseball franchise , and $ 109 million more than United 's . President Florentino Perez has sanctioned huge spending sprees on players since taking over for a second time , including a world-record $ 130 million on Cristiano Ronaldo . Arsenal , which is in the middle of a takeover bid by American Stan Kroenke , has a more conservative financial model . Forbes said it had boosted its worldwide appeal by agreeing a deal with the largest regional sports channel in U.S. , YES Network . Barcelona is on course for a third successive Spanish title , but its increasing debt problems have diminished its value . Forbes also pointed to doubts over Barca 's lucrative broadcasting deal with "  financially distressed " MidiaPro . Italy 's AC Milan was rated sixth on $ 838 million , but suffered from a drop in average attendances of 15,000 per home game last season which meant that match-day revenue reduced by 6 % . English club Chelsea was ranked seventh on $ 658 million as Forbes considered the $ 726 million  $ 1 billion  loan from owner Roman Abramovich that the club converted to equity two years ago is still repayable to the Russian . Former England captain Beckham 's career is in its final stages as he plays out his five-year contract with Los Angeles Galaxy , but he still earned $ 40 million last season according to Forbes . It said the 35-year-old former United and Real midfielder added Pepsi and Electronic Arts to his list of endorsements , which is headed by his deal with Adidas -- which Forbes described as the biggest in world soccer . Real Madrid 's Ronaldo , the most popular athlete on Facebook with more than 24 million followers , was second on $ 38 million thanks to his contracts with sponsors such as Nike , Armani , Coca-Cola and Castrol . Barcelona 's two-time world player of the year Lionel Messi was third on $ 32 million . The Argentina star has deals with Adidas , Lay 's , Konami , Audemars Piguet , Chery and AirEuropa worth half of his total income . They were followed by Brazilian duo Kaka  $ 25 million  and Ronaldinho  $ 24 million  . Thierry Henry , like Beckham now based in the United States , was sixth on $ 21 million . Forbes said the Frenchman Henry bought a $ 14.9 million New York City apartment after joining Major League Soccer 's Red Bulls team last year . However , his earnings will be down this year as his lucrative Gillette deal has now ended . United 's Wayne Rooney was seventh on $ 20 million , but while he still endorses Nike and Electronic Arts the England striker 's $ 1 million-a-year deal with Coca-Cola has ended . Samuel Eto'o is the only African on the list , with the Inter Milan striker ranked 10th by Forbes with earnings of $ 15 million behind Chelsea 's Frank Lampard and AC Milan 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic  both $ 17 million  . A four-time African player of the year , the Cameroon international has deals with Puma and Ford .	Manchester United tops Forbes ' football rich list for seventh year in a row English team heads off Real Madrid and Arsenal as most valuable in the world Its American owners have large debts but the club is otherwise highly profitable David Beckham again tops highest-paid player list ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo
CNN  -- In normal times , Lake E.V. Spence is a teeming 14,600-acre reservoir with a maximum depth of 108 feet , just west of the town of Robert Lee , Texas . In normal times , the reservoir serves not only the 1,000 or so people who live in Robert Lee , but also Midland , Odessa and Big Spring -- cities with a combined population over 230,000 . But these are not normal times . In the past eight months this area has received 1 inch of rain . Only 3 inches have fallen in the past 12 months , and even though Robert Lee is now the reservoir 's only customer , if the rains do n't come , it will be dry by late winter . Texas is suffering from the third-worst drought in the state 's history , according to state Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples . More than 2 million acres of farmland have been abandoned due to the exceptional dryness , he said , and the weather has been "  excruciatingly painful " for producers , affecting the harvest of cotton , corn and grain . Tropical Storm Don teased Texas last weekend , making landfall between Beaumont and Corpus Christi , but it petered out into a tropical depression far , far away from West Texas and shriveling water sources like Lake Spence , some 250 miles west of Dallas . Photos posted online by CNN affiliate KWES in Midland showed parts of the reservoir that have been reduced to the basics -- the river that feeds it surrounded by acres of crackled , dried-out lake bed , some of it already being reclaimed by vegetation . "  I 'll be 65 tomorrow and I 've never seen anything like it , " Mayor John Jacobs of Robert Lee said of the situation . The bigger cities , which have other water sources , are no longer allowed to pull from Lake Spence , but even with only Robert Lee pumping water , if it does n't rain the town can expect to run dry "  around the first of the year or March , maybe , " he said . The town is down to less than 1 % of its water supply , and residents are under Phase 3 drought contingency plan , meaning no outdoor watering at all , he told KWES . Already , to try to achieve a 35 % reduction in daily usage , officials are encouraging residents to find multiple uses for bathwater and other spent water . Right around the corner lies the prospect of rationing , or as Jacobs described it to the TV station , "  a pro-rated deal where everyone gets so much water per family member . " The only option for getting the water from somewhere other than Lake Spence is by pipeline or truck . Jacobs said the town still has an emergency plan to lay a 12-mile pipeline to Bronte , the nearest water supply , but not a foot of pipe has been laid yet . "  We 're trying to jump through hoops with the state to get the permits , " he said . And , it 's not as though anyone in West Texas is doing much better . "  I do n't know where you go to find someone who has excess water , " Jacobs told KWES . "  We 'd probably use the National Guard and I have no idea where they would get the water to truck in . " Llano , to the south , gets its water from the Llano River , which is drying up , and San Angelo , 32 miles to the south , is down to a two-year supply . San Angelo also is home to the nearest operating car wash -- a luxury by Robert Lee standards these days , the mayor said . "  You can see lots of pretty nasty cars around here . " CNN 's Chelsea Bailey , Gustavo Valdes and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The town of Robert Lee , Texas , relies on Lake Spence as its only water source The area has received only 3 inches of rain in the past 12 months The town is down to less than 1 % of its water supply , and could be dry by late winter Texas is suffering the third-worst drought in its history
New Delhi  CNN  -- India on Wednesday invited the Prime Minister of its archrival Pakistan to the swearing-in of its new leader , Narendra Modi . Invitations were extended to the heads of all eight countries in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation , which includes Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , the Indian external affairs ministry said . "  This is the first time that India has invited all SAARC members to attend a swearing-in ceremony of a prime minister , " ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said . Asked whether the move marked the start of a better relationship with Pakistan , he remarked , "  Let 's take one step at a time . "  At this stage , the invitations have gone . Let 's take responses on this and we will take it from there , rather than jump to conclusions on the basis of our first step . " The swearing-in is set to take place Monday .	India invites the PM of its archrival Pakistan to the swearing-in of its new leader Invitations were extended to the heads of all eight countries in the SAARC The swearing-in is set to take place Monday
Southern Living  -- Just a minute ago I was sailing down a Texas Panhandle highway , level as a tabletop . Then I dropped off the face of the High Plains into the heart of a wild place called Caprock Canyons . It 's the rough-and-tumble centerpiece of a 15,000-acre state park , 100 miles southeast of Amarillo . Caprock Canyons is about 100 miles southeast of Amarillo . If you hanker to break away from the herd , you ought to see it in the quiet of an early morning when shades of red and yellow streak canyon walls like melted sunshine and you can hear the haunting bellow of bison bulls grazing in the grass . Off the beaten path Hidden in the midst of sprawling ranches , Caprock Canyons does n't lure as many visitors as its famous neighbor , Palo Duro Canyon  93 miles northwest  . That 's the way C.L. Hawkins , caretaker for the official Texas bison herd , likes it . It means you can still find quiet times to catch a vision of the land not greatly changed from the way it was when millions of bison roamed the High Plains and wintered in hidden canyons . When you look at these mighty creatures in the state herd , you 're seeing the direct descendants of wild bison once "  as numerous as grains on the seashore , " according to one traveler 's report . SouthernLiving.com : Wide open in West Texas You can see the bison from viewing platforms and through telescopes at an overlook near the new visitors center , but Hawkins keeps them separated from people for safety . "  You do n't push bison , " he says . "  You work them on their own terms . I still consider them wild animals . " SouthernLiving.com : Climbing in West Texas Hit the trail There are many ways to explore the scenic canyon -- hiking , mountain biking , on horseback , or by car on a 5-mile loop . Even on the drive , you get a close-up look at multicolored sandstone cliffs and rugged arroyos carved by tributaries of the Red River . The long narrow Caprock Escarpment stands as high as 1,000 feet in places . Coronado passed this way . So did roving Comanche bands and prehistoric canyon dwellers as long as 12,000 years ago . Tomas Hinojosa , owner of Quitaque Riding Stables  -LSB- 806 -RSB- 269-1209 or -LSB- 806 -RSB- 455-1208 ; rides start at $ 35 per hour  in the nearby town of Quitaque  pronounced "  kitty-quay "  follows in the footsteps of explorers when he takes riders out to sections of the 64-mile-long path , which is part of Caprock Canyons State Park & Trailway . SouthernLiving.com : 40 things I love about Texas You do n't need to be experienced to ride , but if it 's your first time you should start with an hour-long trip . Try to schedule it for early morning . "  That 's when we see most of the wildlife , " Hinojosa points out . Whether you explore it from the saddle or behind a steering wheel , it 's a piece of untamed Texas you wo n't see anywhere else . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2009 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	Caprock Canyons is the centerpiece of a 15,000-acre state park View the official Texas bison herd from platforms near the visitors center Explore the scenic canyon on foot , by bike , on horseback or by car
CNN  The FBI is asking detectives across the country to dust off their cold case murder files and see whether millionaire heir Robert Durst could be connected to any other unsolved crimes . Durst , the focus of HBO 's true crime documentary series "  The Jinx , " was charged with first-degree murder last week in the 2000 killing of his longtime confidante , Susan Berman . Now the FBI is putting out a call to local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where Durst lived over the past five decades , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Unsolved cases in Vermont , upstate New York , the San Francisco Bay area and Southern California are among those getting a new look , the official said . Durst 's attorney , Dick DeGuerin , said it 's a sign that authorities are desperate . "  They seem to be going to such great lengths to pin something else on him , " DeGuerin said . "  They must not have much of a case to begin with . " Durst , who authorities believe has a net worth of $ 100 million , has lived in numerous places and owned property in at least four states , according to court documents and public records . In "  The Jinx , " Durst describes the time he spent living in Vermont with his first wife , Kathleen , running a health food store in the 1970s . In 1982 , Kathleen McCormack Durst went missing . Durst says he last saw her when he dropped her off at a train station in Katonah , New York , and she headed to their Manhattan apartment . Her family members say they believe she 's dead and that Durst is the one to blame . The case has never been solved . He 's also lived in Galveston , Texas , where he admitted to shooting a neighbor and dismembering the body in 2001 . He was acquitted in a 2003 murder trial after arguing he 'd acted in self-defense . Last week , police searched condos Durst owns in Houston as part of the investigation into Berman 's death . She was shot dead in December 2000 in her Beverly Hills , California , home . Investigators know Durst was in California the week Berman died . It 's a detail Durst shrugs off in the HBO documentary , in which he denied he had anything to do with Berman 's death and said , "  California 's a big state . " Authorities investigating a decades-old cold case in Vermont said Monday that there 's a connection between Durst and the case of Lynne Schulze , a college student who disappeared from Middlebury College in 1971 . "  We are aware of the connection between the disappearance of Lynne Schulze and Robert Durst , " Middlebury Police Capt. Tom Hanley said . "  We have been aware of this connection for several years and have been working with various outside agencies as we follow this lead . " Hanley elaborated Tuesday on the nature of the connection , saying Durst owned a health food store where Schulze shopped the day she disappeared . But there is no evidence the two had met , Hanley said . DeGuerin 's attorney brushed off the accusation Monday . "  You know , he may have been in Chicago when Jimmy Hoffa disappeared , " he said . "  He 's an easy target . " The name of the health food store , "  All Good Things , " was also the title of a 2010 film starring Ryan Gosling and Kirsten Dunst that was a thinly veiled fictional take on the Durst case . After seeing the film , Durst reached out to director Andrew Jarecki and said he wanted to be interviewed . The interviews with Durst became the basis for "  The Jinx . " Durst says in the documentary that he had traveled during the week of Berman 's death to Trinidad , California , a small coastal city in northern California . "  It was very rural , very pretty , " he says . And it was a place , Durst says , where he lived "  off and on . " In Eureka , about 20 miles south , Durst has been part of another investigation . Authorities there say they have n't ruled out the possibility he could be connected to the disappearance of Karen Mitchell , who went missing in November 1997 when she was 16 years old . The police chief said investigators were interested in learning what Durst has to say about that case now that he 's behind bars . "  We are certainly interested in any information that may or may not come out of interviews with Mr. Durst , " Police Chief Andy Mills said . "  If information comes to us that allows us to further our investigation , then we will certainly take the opportunity to do that . " According to local news reports at the time of Mitchell 's disappearance , she was last seen leaning into a light blue car that she might have gotten into . A witness gave police a description of the man behind the wheel , which resulted in a sketch of a gray-haired man with glasses -- a drawing that journalist Matt Birkbeck says looks remarkably like Durst . "  He wears these wide-rim glasses . He was wearing those glasses back in the day and it 's also in the composite , " said Birkbeck , whose book , "  A Deadly Secret , " chronicles Durst 's life and run-ins with the law . "  Durst apparently knew Karen Mitchell . Karen had volunteered at a homeless shelter in Eureka , which Durst had frequented , which he had a habit of doing in different cities , " Birkbeck said . He 'd also gone to a shoe store that Mitchell 's aunt ran at a mall in Eureka , Birkbeck said . The former lead investigator on the case , Dave Parris , retired several years ago and could not be reached for comment . In 2003 , he told The Journal News that there were similarities between Durst and the composite sketch . "  He 's a lead we 're following , " Parris told the newspaper , "  and with all the information we 've learned about him , I 'm not fully comfortable that I can eliminate him from our investigation at this point . " Investigators looking at other cases across the country have their work cut out for them , Birkbeck said . "  In 2002 , when my book was first published , we reported that police found six addresses in the San Francisco Bay area alone . Some of them were properties , some of them were post offices , some of them were warehouse facilities . There were other address in Northern California , Southern California , as well as other parts of the country , " he told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett : Outfront . " But the investigation is nothing new , he said . "  They 've been looking at this for several years now , " he said . "  I guess with recent events , they 've really expanded their scope . " CNN 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Police say Robert Durst owned a store in Vermont at time college student disappeared FBI asks local authorities to examine cold cases in areas where Robert Durst has lived Millionaire heir 's attorney says it 's a sign investigators "  must not have much of a case "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Roger Clemens said Wednesday he received only vitamin shots from Brian McNamee , but the ex-trainer insisted before a House panel that every injection contained steroids or other performance enhancers . Clemens sat mere feet from his chief accuser as the two men , both under oath , offered lawmakers starkly conflicting accounts about the injections McNamee administered years ago . The committee 's chairman , Rep. Henry Waxman , said , "  Someone is n't telling the truth . " "  If Mr. McNamee is lying , then he has acted inexcusably and he has made Mr. Clemens an innocent victim , " Waxman said . "  If Mr. Clemens is n't telling the truth , then he has acted shamefully and he has smeared Mr. McNamee . I do n't think there is anything in between . " Clemens told reporters afterward that he was "  very thankful and very grateful " for the chance to answer the allegations . In a nearly direct exchange with McNamee , Clemens told the House panel that McNamee injected him with vitamin B-12 on three occasions , but never with steroids or other illegal substances . McNamee -- who served as Clemens ' trainer until 2007 -- countered that he injected Clemens with only testosterone , the steroid Winstrol or human growth hormone . "  I 've never given Roger B-12 , " McNamee told the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . Clemens ' testimony to the panel examining performance-enhancing drug use in America 's pastime also failed to jibe with an affidavit provided by fellow New York Yankees ace Andy Pettitte , who has told the committee that in 1999 or 2000 Clemens "  told me he had taken HGH . " Saying Pettitte was and will remain a close friend , Clemens said he believes Pettitte made a mistake . "  I believe Andy has misheard , Mr. Congressman , on his comment about myself using HGH , which never happened , " Clemens said . Insisting he 's never taken "  shortcuts , " a clearly miffed Clemens opened Wednesday 's testimony saying he resented accusations that have forever tainted his legacy , which includes a record seven Cy Young Awards . "  No matter what we discuss here today , I am never going to have my name restored , but I 've got to try and set the record straight , " Clemens said . McNamee flatly challenged Clemens ' remarks , saying , "  I injected those drugs into the body of Roger Clemens at his direction . Unfortunately , Roger has denied this and has led a full-court attack on my credibility . " Watch McNamee apologize for "  tainting our national pastime " " McNamee defended his credibility and told lawmakers he was promised no special treatment "  for fingering star players . " "  I have no reason to lie , and every reason not to . If I do lie I will be prosecuted , " he said . "  All that I was ever told was to tell the truth to the best of my ability , and that is what I have done . I told the investigators that I injected three people , two of whom , I believe , confirm my account . The third is sitting at this table . " McNamee said he believes he stopped giving baseball players performance-enhancing substances in 2002 . He called steroid usage "  pretty prevalent " among players at the time . Watch Clemens explain how he treated McNamee " Grilled on why he provided players with such substances , McNamee replied , "  I just accepted it as the norm , and it was part of the culture in baseball . " Missing from Wednesday 's hearing was Pettitte . He had been named along with Clemens and other players in ex-Sen . George Mitchell 's scathing report alleging widespread steroid use in baseball . Pettitte previously acknowledged using human growth hormone in 2002 . The House panel revealed Wednesday that Pettitte admitted using it again in 2004 shortly before having season-ending elbow surgery . Watch Clemens say Pettitte "  misheard " a remark several years ago " Pettitte initially withheld details of the second incident because he got the HGH from his father , who had obtained it to help overcome health problems , Pettitte 's attorneys said . Pettitte "  sought to shield him from publicity , " read a statement . Pettitte , who has played with Clemens for the Yankees or Houston Astros since 1999 , was excused by the committee Tuesday , along with former Yankee Chuck Knoblauch . McNamee told the panel he injected both men with performance-enhancing substances . See the key players in the case " "  Mr. Knoblauch and Mr. Pettitte have answered all the committee 's questions and their testimony at the hearing is not needed , " read a statement from the panel . Waxman said Pettitte 's and Knoblauch 's testimony backed up McNamee 's account . Read Sports Illustrated analysis of the latest developments Clemens ' attorneys have steadfastly denied their client used performance-enhancing substances . Clemens was careful in his remarks to attack McNamee 's credibility , rather than the Mitchell report 's integrity . "  If I am guilty of anything , it is of being too trusting of everyone , wanting to see the best in everyone and being too nice to everyone , " Clemens said . Clemens ' legal team has filed a lawsuit against McNamee , saying his allegations "  fueled rampant speculation and irreparably tainted the reputation of one of baseball 's hardest working and most talented pitchers . " McNamee 's attorneys last week , however , showed reporters photos of needles and gauze that McNamee said were used to inject Clemens with steroids and human growth hormone . They said they turned the items over to federal investigators in January . McNamee , a former New York City police officer , kept the items because he was nervous that Clemens ' drug use would become public and Clemens would turn against him , said Richard Emery , who is representing the former trainer . Rusty Hardin , Clemens ' lawyer , dismissed the purported evidence as "  the desperate Hail Mary of a man who wants to ruin Roger . " Hardin would not indicate whether Clemens would voluntarily provide a DNA sample but said , "  Any time any legitimate law enforcement agency asks a reasonable inquiry of us , we 'll be glad to respond . " Waxman said Wednesday that McNamee has acknowledged he was not forthcoming with investigators in past statements . Rep. Dan Burton questioned why the panel should believe McNamee when he has lied repeatedly to investigators and the media . McNamee acknowledged lying when he previously said he 'd never had dealings with steroids and that Clemens and Pettitte had never asked for any . "  You 're here under oath , and yet we have lie after lie after lie , " Burton alleged . McNamee did not get a chance to respond . McNamee previously told the panel he withheld information about Clemens because he was "  trying not to hurt the guy , " Waxman said . Watch McNamee tell the panel , "  I did tell the truth " " The chairman also said that Clemens ' past remarks included "  conflicts and inconsistencies " on whether he had discussions about human growth hormone with McNamee . Clemens met individually Thursday with House lawmakers , including Waxman . Wednesday 's hearing comes a day after the House committee took testimony from four doctors who testified on "  the myths and facts about performance-enhancing substances such as human growth hormone , B-12 and other substances . " E-mail to a friend	Congressman blasts ex-trainer Brian McNamee for telling "  lie after lie after lie " Disputing Clemens ' account , ex-trainer says , "  I have never given Roger B-12 " McNamee further says that drugs "  were part of the culture in baseball " McNamee says he injected Clemens "  at his direction " ; Clemens denies claim
CNN  -- When Sen. John McCain 's running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , announced that her 17-year-old unmarried daughter was pregnant , the news prompted a big response from the iReport.com community . iReporter Darla Jones , who had a child at a young age , said she sympathizes with the Palin family . Palin revealed Monday that her daughter Bristol is pregnant and plans to marry the father . The announcement followed Internet rumors that Sarah Palin 's 4-month-old baby was actually Bristol 's . iReport.com users posted dozens of stories and hundreds of comments in response to the news . Many iReporters said that the issue is a personal matter , while others believed that the pregnancy deserves public attention . Republican presidential candidate McCain was aware of Bristol 's pregnancy before he chose Palin as his running mate , a top adviser to the Arizona senator said . Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama said that families should be off-limits in presidential campaigns after learning of the news . "  Let me be as clear as possible , " Obama said . "  I think people 's families are off-limits , and people 's children are especially off-limits . " iReporter Darla Jones of Roseburg , Oregon , who supports McCain , agrees that the media and public should leave Bristol and the Palin family alone . iReport.com : Were you married at a young age ? "  I had a daughter very young , " Jones wrote on iReport.com , explaining that being a young mother made it difficult to get jobs and complete her education . "  This should not affect the presidency in any way . " Sabrina Lee also had a child at a young age , but believes that the news of Bristol Palin 's pregnancy merits attention . "  Personally , I have a right to know anything and everything about the next president and vice president , " she wrote on iReport.com . "  I want to know the truth , " Lee said . "  I feel as a voter I have the right to know everything about each nominee . This is just my opinion , but it 's also my vote and it 's precious . " The Laveen , Arizona , resident said that she plans to vote for Obama . Although Lee said she was previously undecided , she decided to vote for Obama after McCain announced his running mate . "  Family values are a Republican platform , " she said , describing the news of Bristol 's pregnancy as "  a travesty . " Alicia Summers of El Mirage , Arizona , agrees that the vice presidential candidate and her family deserve scrutiny . "  Did Palin really think she could come into a race at the 23rd hour and not be subjected to questions ? " she asked . iReport.com : See , share your thoughts on Sarah Palin Summers , an Obama supporter , noted , "  the press only has two months to find out info about you that they took years to get on everyone else . " She suggested that Palin drop out of the race out of respect for the privacy of her family . Graduate student Kristine Phillips also believes that Palin should withdraw . "  An unmarried 17-year-old pregnant daughter is not consistent with conservative principles , " she wrote on iReport.com . Phillips , who describes herself as politically moderate , said conservatives ' support of Palin is "  absolutely hypocritical . " "  While I understand that Palin 's role as a mother may or may not be debated here for the political sphere , this situation does call into question some of her policies during her role as governor and her character as a person , " Phillips said . iReport.com : Read more from Phillips Mark Swiger of Jonesboro , Georgia , urged iReporters to "  be professional and ethical by not bringing Sarah Palin 's teenage daughter into politics . " Swiger cited Obama and senior McCain adviser Steve Schmidt , who both asked the media and public to leave politicians ' children out of the spotlight . Swiger , who is leaning toward McCain , said he usually votes based on moral issues . He believes that Bristol 's pregnancy should have no bearing on her mother 's political career . "  This is a moral line of decency that must not be crossed by Democrats , Republicans or human beings , " he said .	iReporters react to news that Gov. Sarah Palin 's daughter is pregnant Sabrina Lee questions McCain 's judgment in picking Palin Darla Jones sympathizes with the Palin family iReport.com : Share your thoughts on McCain 's running mate
London  CNN  -- Spain 's Prime Minister , Mariano Rajoy , may not seem a natural performer but he appears all too familiar with the waltz ; a typically slow dance , usually partnered , often mournful , with little room for improvement . As his country faces the prospect of a bailout , Rajoy 's gentle glides may mark him as a natural on the political dance floor . But to others , his moves are far too predictable . In recent weeks , Rajoy has measured his steps carefully . He has been balancing political tactics with the need to stabilize the economy . He wants to avoid the fate of Greece , Ireland and Portugal , which have been left at the mercy of foreign creditors . Gliding sideways But his steps are being read like an open book . Spaniards no longer believe he can keep up the tempo . Media speculation is centered on a European Union summit on October 18 and 19 , and the potential for Rajoy to seek a bailout at that time . But this gloomy conservative has built a career on digging in his heels , and some suggest Rajoy will wait until after regional elections in the Basque country and in his home state of Galicia on October 21 before asking for any help . It 's all tactics of course . By withholding unpopular news until after the election , Rajoy may have a better chance of winning a full majority in the local parliament . But playing politics with the budget may not be a good idea . Rajoy delayed announcing the 2012 budget in March until after a regional ballot in Andalucia -- the Spanish region with the highest unemployment in the country at 32.8 % -- but the move did not pay off . His center-right party , Partido Popular , failed to oust the Socialists . In harmony with the partner Rajoy 's political moves have , to a certain extent , been in harmony with the European Central Bank . The ECB this month outlined its plan to save the euro by offering to make unlimited purchases of short-term government bonds . The announcement eased pressure on Spain -- and Rajoy -- and the country 's borrowing costs fell . Last week , Rajoy had yet another reason to continue his slow dance . The Spanish Treasury sold $ 6.3 billion of three-year and 10-year government bonds , more that it had planned . But , despite the optimism , some suggest Rajoy should request aid now , when market conditions are more favorable . Delays in acknowledging Spain needs a support package may be more costly for it in the long run . According to Nicholas Spiro , managing director of Spiro Sovereign Strategy , there 's a "  surreal air " to Spanish debt auctions . Spiro , in a note , wrote the bond sales are well received because investors are pricing in an eventual request from Madrid for an ECB-backed bond-buying program . Staying steady Rajoy has often said he sees little point in asking for aid . This month , in his first TV interview since being elected , he said he will not accept outside conditions over a possible bailout . Speaking to Spain 's national broadcaster TVE , Rajoy said : "  We have to study any conditions imposed on the bailout package and then we will see . But of course , I would not like it if they told us where we had to cut or where not . " Spaniards taking to the streets in protest do n't care about the politics as long as they can get a job , pay their mortgage and eat . Only a week ago , tens of thousands of demonstrators from across Spain took to the streets of Madrid in a large anti-austerity protest . The last dance ? Meanwhile , on the streets of Barcelona , Rajoy faces a domestic challenge that could make seeking a bailout even more complicated . Last week , Rajoy rejected Catalonia 's demand for greater economic independence . As the most economically powerful region , Catalonia argues it can do without Madrid . Madrid disagrees . Fears of separatism are so acute that Spain 's King Juan Carlos -- in an unusual move -- has spoken out . The king released an open letter on the Royal Palace 's website calling for national unity and lamenting the country 's economic pain . "  The worst thing we can do is to divide our forces , encourage dissension , chase illusions , deepen wounds , " the king wrote . Many believe Rajoy will continue his slow dance despite the political discord . But it seems , no matter the delays , Spain is slowly stepping toward a bailout . As such , this could be Rajoy 's last political dance .	Spain 's Prime Minister , Mariano Rajoy , may not seem a natural performer but he appears all too familiar with the waltz As his country faces the prospect of a bailout , Rajoy 's gentle glides may mark him as a natural on political dance floor Rajoy has been measuring his steps carefully , balancing political tactics with the need to stabilize the economy But there are complicating factors in this slow dance toward a possible bailout
CNN  -- We 're a little suspicious of Jimmy Kimmel now thanks to his numerous hoaxes , but he would n't joke about a baby , right ? On a pre-taped episode of "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show , " ABC 's host of "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " revealed that he and his wife of close to a year , Molly McNearney , are expecting their first baby together . Even DeGeneres was a little skeptical when Kimmel confirmed his wife is pregnant , but Kimmel assured her that he was being serious -- "  unless she 's kidding , " he quipped . The late-night host , who married McNearney in 2013 , has two kids from a prior marriage that lasted from 1988 to 2003 . With two-thirds of his brood already into adulthood , Kimmel , 46 , admits it 's going to be a little awkward to start again . "  I do n't know where they are , but I hear they 're doing great , " Kimmel joked . "  No , I have a 20-year-old son , and a 22-year-old daughter , and I 've really forgotten everything . I was just with friends who just had a baby , and there are new ways to do things ; you hold them by the front of the neck now ! "  Those friends happen to be John Krasinski and Emily Blunt , who welcomed their first child , daughter Hazel , on February 16 . Kimmel claims that when he broke the news of the impending arrival to his daughter , he said , "  Listen , there 's only so much love I have to give , and you 're going to have to split it up with the new kid . There 's a finite amount of love , and that 's that . So they 're dealing with it . " While the star might think it 's "  very weird " to have a kid at his age -- "  I 'm going to be one of those old dads ! " he told DeGeneres -- his age has nothing on the baby names he 's thinking of . "  I like the name Karate , " he said . "  I think Karate Kimmel has a great ring to it . ...  And  I would like the baby 's middle name to be ` Effin . ' " To catch DeGeneres ' full interview with Kimmel , tune in to her show on Wednesday .	Jimmy Kimmel and his wife Molly are expecting their first child together The actor says this is no prank , unless his wife is kidding He has two children from a prior marriage Kimmel : "  I 'm going to be one of those old dads ! "
CHEGUTU , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Farmers are implicating a close ally of President Robert Mugabe 's in the latest round of farm seizures in Zimbabwe in which Mugabe loyalists take over white-owned farms . Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , left , and President Robert Mugabe have a power-sharing agreement . The accusations against Senate President Edna Madzongwe came as Deputy Prime Minister Arthur Mutambara on Friday toured farms that Mugabe followers had taken over . On many of those farms , production has fallen under the new owners . Mutambara is heading a government commission investigating the farm seizures . "  Black people who acquired farms must produce , " he said . Mutambara said the government is taking the matter seriously . "  There will be no holy cows ; the ax will fall where it may , " he added . "  We will not tolerate any government official who is promoting lawlessness in our country . " Reports of violence on white-owned farms have increased since a power-sharing government in February between Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , leader of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change . One death was reported Sunday on the Stockdale Farm in Chegutu , 75 miles  about 120 kilometers  southwest of Zimbabwe 's capital , Harare . Peter Etheridge , who previously owned that farm , said Madzongwe had illegally claimed his property . But the daughter of the Senate president denied the allegation . "  We got this farm legally . In fact , they -LSB- Etheridge -RSB- opened the gates for us , and we moved in , " said Farai Madzongwe , adding that her mother is "  a law-abiding citizen . " She said she would n't comment on the violence and the reported death , saying , "  That is for police and courts . " Local media reported the Senate president has four farms . Etheridge denied he had handed over Stockdale Farm , saying that Edna Madzongwe pushed him out . "  They forced us out , and production on farms has stopped since last month , " he said . "  This madness has to stop since the country needs food and foreign currency . " The Stockdale Farm was among those the government commission visited Friday . When journalists approached the farm before government officials arrived , a police officer on the property cocked his gun to scare them off . The journalists refused to leave , and the police officer called Farai Madzongwe to report them as intruders . Etheridge criticized the police presence at his former farm . "  They are giving protection to her but not us who want to feed the nation , " he said . At other farms , militia armed with guns tried unsuccessfully to prevent the government delegation from entering .	Zimbabwe Senate president -- a Robert Mugabe ally -- accused of farm seizure Production has fallen on many farms under new owners Government commission investigating farm seizures Daughter of Senate president says , "  We got this farm legally "
CNN  -- A Connecticut woman pleaded for police to "  please hurry " to save a friend from an attack by a pet chimpanzee , according to emotional 911 recordings released Tuesday by Stamford police . Police say Travis , seen here as a younger chimp , was like a child to his owner , Sandra Herold . "  He 's ripping her apart , " Sandra Herold , 70 , tells dispatchers about her pet , Travis . With the chimp squealing in the background , Herold cries out , "  He 's killed my friend ! " The victim , Charla Nash , 55 , remains hospitalized with life-threatening injuries after the chimp , once featured in television commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy , attacked her Monday afternoon , police said . Nash had just arrived at Herold 's house when Travis jumped on her and began biting and mauling her , causing serious injuries to her face , neck and hands , according to Stamford Police Capt. Rich Conklin . Conklin said the attack was unprovoked , but he described it as "  brutal and lengthy . " Watch how owner made frantic call to police " Herold had called Nash to her house to help get 14-year-old Travis back inside after he used a key to escape . While her friend was being attacked , Herold was unable to pull the primate off . She then called 911 before stabbing the chimp with a butcher knife and hitting him with a shovel . Neither fazed Travis , who police said had been like a child to Herold . A Stamford police officer later shot the chimp multiple times after the primate went after him inside a police cruiser , Conklin said . Travis returned to the house , where police found him dead . Conklin estimated that Travis weighed close to 200 pounds . Conklin could n't confirm media reports that the chimp had Lyme disease , though he did say investigators were taking their time with the case to determine what may have provoked Travis to attack Nash . Animals often do not exhibit symptoms of Lyme disease , caused by the bite of certain types of ticks , although aggression is a possible symptom , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Conklin said Nash had recently gotten a haircut that changed her appearance significantly . Conklin said the chimp had been acting "  rambunctious " earlier , prompting Herold to put Xanax in a cup of tea for him to drink . He did not know if the animal had been prescribed the medicine or if Herold had ever given her pet such a mixture before . Watch wildlife biologist Jeff Corwin talk about the dangers of chimps " Conklin added that his department is not used to dealing with cases such as this , and they were trying to familiarize themselves with laws and regulations before deciding if charges will be filed . Conklin said this is n't the first interaction his officers have had with Travis . The chimp , who was well known and liked in the community , escaped in 2003 and "  wreaked havoc " on the streets of Stamford for a couple of hours , Conklin said . Travis ' body was removed from the home and taken to two locations : His head was taken to the state lab for a rabies test and the body was taken to the University of Connecticut for an animal autopsy . Conklin said this is standard procedure . The chimp , who was known to walk around town , sometimes without a leash , also liked to surf on the Internet and was able to change the TV channel with a remote , according to a Stamford Advocate article . The paper also reported that Travis watered plants , was able to feed hay to his owner 's horses , ate at a table with the rest of the family and sometimes drank wine from a stemmed glass .	Chimp squeals on 911 tape as owner cries out , "  He 's killed my friend ! " Pet was acting strange throughout the day , woman gave him Xanax in tea Owner had called friend to get chimp inside after he escaped using key Charla Nash , 55 , remains hospitalized with life-threatening injuries
Feng Xiaofeng moves down an alleyway toward her home in Wuli , an ordinary village in eastern China 's Zhejiang province , with an extraordinary problem . Feng slides open the doors with a quick thrust . But before she says a word , she begins to cry and points at two identically framed photos side by side on her wall . They show an older and younger man . They look like blown up passport pictures or perhaps faded formal portraits . These photographs haunt Feng . "  I do n't want to stay in this house . I do n't want to sleep here at night , " she says . "  My husband was the pillar of the family and when he died it was like the pillar of our house collapsing . Then my son was taken too . " Taken 10 years apart by cancer . The sound of crying draws villagers to Feng 's small courtyard . They have stories of their own . Promised riches They say Wuli was once famed for wooded hills and fertile soil . Government officials came in the 1990s and promised riches . "  All the local officials did was fill their pockets with money , " says an older woman angrily . During this period , a number of textile companies moved into Wuli , building their plants across town . "  All these factories should be moved , because they have caused the cancer , " says one man , as others nod . "  All of these factories should be removed from here . " They tell us that Wuli is now a "  cancer village . " Can china breathe life into ` ghost towns ' ? Rural exposure The term surfaced a few years ago , when trailblazing Chinese journalists and activists like Deng Fei unearthed evidence of unnaturally high rates of cancer across China , mostly in rural areas dominated by industry . Deng , who was working for a Hong Kong based magazine at the time , focused on the impact of water pollution in rural China . "  Since water is so important to people , the pollution has a more significant impact on people 's health , " he says . "  China is suffering from the negative impact of improper economic growth patterns . And the country will continue to pay the price for heavy pollutants in the future . " This year , facing public pressure , the government admitted that cancer villages exist . "  China has been producing and utilizing toxic chemical products . Many places experienced a drinking water crisis and pollution caused serious social issues like the emergence of cancer villages , " stated a document published in the wake of the cancer villages revelation . Deng calls it a ` very significant step . " "  Only by acknowledging the problem can we put real efforts in dealing with this issue " he says . But for activists like Wei Donying in Wuli Village , the acknowledgment is n't enough . She rolls out a fraying map on her living room floor . On her hands and knees , she places photos on different parts of map . "  Look at all these dead fish on the shore , " she says , "  and here , the canal turned red . " Wei has charted the build up of toxic pollution for decades . In 2002 she had her own cancer scare , she says , when a tumor was removed . It was benign , she says . She has complained , petitioned , and become a thorn in the local government 's side . She says she has been harassed and threatened for her activism . Even on the day of our interview , what we believe is a state security officer took surreptitious photographs of us talking . She said they came to ask questions when we left . She takes us on a walking tour past dyeing factories , textile mills , and weaving plants . "  This factory just took ` chemical ' off their name when we complained , " she says . "  We picketed outside this one recently . " Security guards look nervously through the gate . "  They know me well , " she says . "  All I wish for is to breathe clean air , drink safe water and use uncontaminated soil . That 's all I ask for , but I guess that is just too much to ask . " Accountability Wei is convinced that that individual plants caused the cancer , but all of the factories dump their water , treated or not , into the same rivers , so it 's nearly impossible to sort the polluters from the non-polluters . Greenpeace calls the lack of accountability "  the perfect smokescreen . " In a recent study called "  Toxic Threads , " they contracted scientists to test water in the region and say they found at least a dozen toxic chemicals . An official with the local government in charge of Wuli , who did not wish to be named , told us , "  we are aware of the situation and we have been trying our best to combat the problems . It is our responsibility . " They did not give any details of those plans . Zhejiang province is the center of China 's textile industry , the largest in the world . One way or another , this region services the majority of the world 's famous clothing brands . Greenpeace has called for full transparency between suppliers and brands . They want factories to clean up their act or close . But the relationship with industry here is more complex . In the past 50 years this region has gone from subsistence farming to heavy industry . "  We complain and petition , but it is pointless , ordinary people can never fight officials and win , " a farmer tells us near Binhai Industrial park . So , like many others here , he works in a dyeing mill at night . He says it 's a dilemma that they have to learn to live with . High price It may be the contradiction of Chinese growth , but for Feng Xaiofeng it is far simpler . She says that that industrial expansion in Wuli village has come at too high a price . She says there is no way she can be sure , but she is convinced that the factories caused the cancer of her husband and son . She hopes that the government moves her from her empty house . "  No one from the government ever bothered to come and see me or check on me . " "  I am so sad . I have no more tears to shed , " she says .	Residents of Wuli village in eastern China refer to home as ` cancer village ' Journalists , activists find evidence of extremely high rates of cancer across China Greenpeace , activists point to toxic pollution emitted from textile plants They say many factories dump their water , treated or not , into local rivers
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- The children in their party outfits on the red carpet were in full agreement with the woman in the middle of the slum : "  It 's unbelievable ! " Azharuddin Ismail and Rubina Ali got to leave their homes in Mumbai to go to Hollywood for the Oscars . Nine-year-old Rubina Ali and Azharuddin Ismail , 10 , were living a very different life and apparently loving every minute of it . The two , some of the child stars of the Oscar-winning "  Slumdog Millionaire " movie , know the Indian slum well . It 's where they 've grown up , and it 's where they will return at the end of their Hollywood dream trip . But before that , there was the red carpet and an interview with E! host Ryan Seacrest , where they grinned and repeated their disbelief at what was happening to them . "  Unbelievable . I never thought it would be an Oscar , this movie , " said another of the children , Ayush Mahesh Khedekar . Then it was to the awards show itself , where their movie won first for its cinematography , script and music . Toward the end of the evening , Danny Boyle picked up best director , and then Rubina , Azharuddin and many of the movie 's other stars got to storm the stage with producer Christian Colson to collect the best picture award . By that time , it was late morning in the children 's home city of Mumbai , where family , friends and many fellow residents of the slum watched the results from Hollywood . Watch how Mumbai celebrated " "  I do n't really know what the Oscars are , " Rubina 's mom said . "  I 'm just glad my daughter looks happy , though she told me she misses Indian food . " The Oscar success of "  Slumdog " distracted some from the drudgery of their daily lives . But the poverty and lack of opportunity that 's a central theme of the film is always all around . "  Our children lead a dog 's life , " Rubina 's mother said , pointing out garbage everywhere , the open drains and the lack of education opportunities . That at least may change for Rubina and Azharuddin . In a few days they will be back in Mumbai and back in the slums that are their home . Watch how ` Slumdog Millionaire ' dominated at the Academy Awards " But , according to media reports , Boyle has promised to help the children he plucked from the obscurity of the slum and see that they will now get to go to a proper school .	Two child stars of "  Slumdog Millionaire " come from the slum featured in the movie They traveled from Mumbai to Hollywood for Academy Awards Disbelief , joy echoed amid the red carpet glamour and in the squalor of the slums
CNN  -- A Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , pet store expecting a shipment of exotic fish this week found itself with a man 's dead body instead . The man 's widow told CNN that it might have been her husband 's "  last practical joke . " The body of Jon Kenoyer , a California man who suffered from Alzheimer 's disease , was being donated to an Allentown , Pennsylvania , research group , Life Quest Anatomical . The shipment was handled by US Airways , which also has delivered imported fish from throughout the world to Pets Plus Pet Center for more than a decade , store manager Mike Mullarkey said . On Tuesday , Mullarkey said , he received what he thought was an expected shipment of seahorses , anemones and corals from Vietnam via California . Before opening it , however , he discovered that the box 's label indicated that it contained the remains of a man who had died four days before . The Pets Plus people were "  shocked to see that , " he said . Mary Kenoyer , Jon Kenoyer 's widow , told CNN that she was initially startled by the news , but was able to see the comic side of it . "  At first , of course , you 're upset and shocked . But then I realized it was just a mistake , " she said . Noting her husband had been afraid of flying during his life , she said , "  He 's just playing the last practical joke on me for putting him on a plane . " Kenoyer said she hopes news of the mistake wo n't discourage others from donating their bodies to science . "  The casket was n't opened and was treated with respect , " she said . Mullarkey said police supervised the return of the shipment to US Airways , which rerouted it to Life Quest . "  In all the years , I can understand a mixup , " Mullarkey said . "  But something like that , I think , should be handled a little more delicately . " US Airways issued a statement of apology : "  Regrettably , there was an unfortunate mixup yesterday at the US Airways Cargo facility near Philadelphia International Airport . The mixup occurred due to a verbal miscommunication between a delivery driver and the cargo representative . We are working to rectify the situation and are deeply sorry for the inconvenience this has caused . " A spokeswoman at Life Quest Anatomical declined to comment .	Body of Jon Kenoyer delivered to Pets Plus in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Intended for delivery to Life Quest Anatomical in Allentown , Pennsylvania Pet store expected shipment of seahorses , anemones , and corals "  He 's just playing the last practical joke on me , " says widow
Paris  CNN  -- You may have been surprised by the about-face by French President Francois Hollande who -- after initially stressing the need for urgent action on Syria while insisting there was no need to wait for the United Nations inspectors ' report on the August 21 attack -- said on Friday that he now wants to wait for their findings . Then , Saturday in Lithuania after four hours of talks with Secretary of State John Kerry , the European Union foreign ministers issued a statement blaming Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for the chemical weapons attack , calling it a "  blatant violation of international law , a war crime and a crime against humanity " and calling for a "  clear and strong " international response . But the statement said U.N. inspectors investigating the incident should report their initial findings before any action is taken . What 's going on ? It is all about European politics . European diplomats say Hollande seemed to be left hanging when President Barack Obama decided to seek authorization for strikes from Congress . He is facing pressure from the French public and Parliament for a stronger international backing and U.N. imprint before taking military action in Syria . European diplomats tell CNN that Hollande struck a deal with the European Union . In exchange for more European political support for action , he would wait for the U.N. inspectors ' report . That was the genesis of the E.U. statement , which now has all 28 countries on record . Until now , just a few countries were even expressing support for such action , as evident by the fact only 10 countries joined the United States in signing onto the G-20 statement  France , the U.K. and Spain were the only European nations  . EU urges strong response , as Kerry seeks support for military action You may note Germany did not initially sign onto the G-20 statement Friday . But on Saturday , the Germans publicly endorsed it . Senior U.S. and other officials in the E.U. meeting with Kerry said the Germans were the ones that called for the European Union to issue this statement . Although the statement does not explicitly endorse military action , European diplomats tell CNN it is interpreted as tacit approval and political cover for strikes -- once the U.N. inspectors present their findings -- although it is important to note the European Union does remain divided and some countries will never publicly endorse military action , even with the U.N. report . Diplomats say waiting for the report does n't really slow up military action for several more weeks -- because the E.U. statement refers to a "  preliminary report " , which it said should be presented "  as soon as possible . " And as CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh has reported , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon has instructed the inspectors to speed this up . So the debate in Congress and a U.N. report should come to a head around the same time . ` Constructive ' talks , but little headway on Syrian crisis Many E.U. nations need the U.N. stamp as a legitimacy for supporting action in Syria , even politically . It does n't have to be a U.N. Security Council resolution . It could be something less formal ; it just has to have some U.N. imprimatur . So this let 's everyone get a little of what they want . Hollande gets European political cover . The Europeans get a U.N. address and Obama gets more international consensus . Kerry told the E.U. no decision has been made to wait , but he appreciated the statement and would take it back to the president 's national security team . Officials traveling with Kerry naturally trying to put a positive spin on this : they did n't expect a statement and see this as a clear show of European support for action . Obama may say he does n't have to wait for the U.N. report -- but Hollande does , so Obama is going to have to deal with it if he wants any European support , especially from France .	Leaders decide they want inspectors ' report first Officials want signal of backing from U.N. It 's a sign of European politics
CNN  -- There is mounting evidence that the electoral threat from the tea party is fading . In the power struggle between the tea party faction of the GOP and the "  establishment , " the establishment is winning . Party primaries are an imperfect way to measure the direction in politics . The news from one week can be overshadowed by what happens a few weeks later . Primaries are just snapshots of the political landscape at a given moment . But at least this week the news for tea party advocates was not good . The primaries are providing evidence as to how much of a threat the Republican leadership really faces when opponents attempt to unseat them for moving too far to the center . House Speaker John Boehner faced a twin tea party challenge from Republicans who claim he has been too willing to compromise . The tea party campaign in his district picked up some steam after the speaker made disparaging remarks about colleagues who were holding up the immigration bill . Tea party candidates J.D. Winteregg and Eric Gurr both went after him . But Boehner enjoyed an easy victory Tuesday , putting aside speculation that discontent with his recent statements about immigration and the budget might cause him problems . There was never a genuine threat that he would be unseated , but a strong showing by his opponents would have been enough to send some shock waves to Washington . It did n't happen . A more serious contest is taking place in Kentucky , where on May 20 , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell faces off against tea party Republican Matt Bevin . Thus far , all the evidence suggests that McConnell will do just fine in the primary . The primaries are also telling us something about the status of immigration as an issue in the GOP . The immigration reform legislation that passed the Senate has been held up by a faction of House tea party Republicans , equaling about 30 to 40 members , who have been steadfast in their refusal to let a bill pass . The opposition as well as threats of political harm made against anyone who dares speak in favor of reform has been a major barrier to passing legislation . Yet the evidence is still thin that taking a hard-line , anti-immigration stance is the only way for a Republican to survive . As Politico recently noted , Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg 's pro-reform group FWD.us has argued that the threat has been exaggerated , pointing out that few Republicans who have supported immigration reform have lost . GOP establishment 1 , tea party 0 after NC Senate primary "  Purely from a quantitative standpoint , the percentage of GOP primary voters who are hostile to what we might call ... all manner of immigration reform is pretty low , " said Jon Lerner , a pollster working for Zuckerberg 's organization . Two Texas Republicans , Sam Johnson and John Carter , survived their primaries despite working on the immigration bill in the House . In his primary in March , Johnson won with more than 80 % of the vote . This week in North Carolina , Rep. Renee Ellmers defeated Frank Roche , a former currency trader , who targeted her for support for more liberal policies toward immigrants . "  If an individual wants to come to this country to work , to provide for his family and to contribute to his community , he should be allowed to do so , " she wrote . Roche attacked her for supporting "  de facto amnesty . " Ellmers won . The victory provides more evidence that proponents of immigration reform , and there are many , can move forward with legislation and survive . As one expert at Cornell Law School told CNN , "  If the primaries in spring and summer show immigration is not that big an issue with activists , then Republicans will feel they can go out on the limb and support reform . " The final lesson Tuesday has to do with the organizational and financial muscle of the tea party . Is it mostly bark , but no bite ? This has been an issue that has dogged the tea party since it emerged in 2010 . Can these activists really match the money and resources of the establishment ? In certain campaigns , establishment organizations , allied with business , have been putting substantial amounts of money to shape the outcome . They spent big to support conservative candidates who would be viable in the general election against Democrats . In North Carolina , the primary between Thom Tillis , Mark Harris and Greg Brannon for the Republican candidacy in the race for the Senate seat currently held by Kay Hagan has been the center of attention . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky traveled to North Carolina to announce his support for Brannon . Groups such as American Crossroads -- Karl Rove 's organization -- have invested millions to back their candidate , Tillis . Once again , the establishment won . Tillis secured well over the 40 % threshold he needed to avoid some kind of runoff . His victory offers more fodder for those who have argued that tea party organizations such as the Tea Party Patriots and the Madison Project have been ineffective , squandering resources by spending more on fund-raising and direct mail than on their candidates . Brian Walsh , who had worked for the National Republican Senatorial Committee , even downplayed their ability to shape the grass roots . "  Their influence in terms of on-the-ground activity and spending money is greatly overstated . ... Their influence has generally been in the echo chamber , with talk radio and blogs . " It 's important that this trend should not be seen as a victory of "  moderate " Republicans over "  far right " Republicans . The truth is that the entire GOP has shifted to the right , and these are all contests between different factions of conservative Republicanism rather than a true ideological war within the party . The tea party still has a lot to prove . This week 's primaries only made its case that much harder . There are still opportunities for tea party Republicans to show they can deliver a punch on the campaign trail . But more poor showings at the polls will continue to strengthen the Republican establishment in its effort to quash the tea party as a political power in its caucus .	Julian Zelizer : In battle between tea party and establishment , the tea party is losing He says mainstream candidates such as Boehner , McConnell not in danger of being unseated Zelizer says Tuesday 's vote showed the power of establishment GOP groups He says the results could help tip the balance toward immigration reform legislation
CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum 's "  Google problem " is well documented . Now , the former U.S. senator 's chief political rival , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , appears to be joining him . On Friday , a Google search for Romney 's name was delivering a site called "  Spreading Romney " as one of its top results . The spoof site  which , as will soon become apparent , is in no way associated with the Republican candidate or his campaign  is a twist on a site that caused Santorum to ask Google to bury it . "  Spreading Santorum " popped up on the Web after the then-senator angered gay-rights advocates in 2003 with a comment that compared homosexuality to bestiality and pedophilia . A podcast host and sex columnist created the site , which "  defines " Santorum 's name with an explicit and lewd term we wo n't repeat here . As the site was shared around the Web , it gained in Google 's search algorithm until it became the top search result for Santorum 's name . On Friday , it remained second after his official campaign site . The Romney site also offers a fake definition for his name , one that 's not quite as foul as Santorum 's but still profane and far from complimentary . The site is registered to Ayokay LLC , a web design company based in Indianapolis , Indiana . Ayokay CEO Jack Shepler confirmed in an e-mail that he is the site 's owner . He said the "  definition " he chose for Romney  and this will make sense if you visit the site  is a reference to a years-old Boston Globe report about Romney and his family traveling to Canada with the family dog in a crate on the roof of his car . The dog relieved itself in the crate , according to the story , leading Romney to hose him down at a gas station and continue the trip . Shepler said the Santorum site obviously inspired his creation . "  While many consider both of the sites to be crude , I consider them to be a comedic way to bring attention to important issues , much in line with how Jon Stewart might bring attention to an important issue , " he said in an e-mail . Some of Santorum 's other rivals are getting similar treatment . At "  Spreading Gingrich , " a contest is under way to create a definition for the former House speaker 's name . That site , however , does n't rank very high in a search for "  Gingrich . " At least not yet . As sites get more traffic and are linked from other sites , they gain traction in Google searches , rising closer to the coveted first page of results . The Web snark has also crossed the political aisle . With a little bit of tinfoil-hat flair , "  Spreading Obama "  which , interestingly , bears the . org reserved for nonprofits  , defines the Democratic president 's name as "  A puppet of the New World Order Architects . " Say what you will , but at least we could print that one . In September , Santorum asked Google to remove the offensive site from its search results , going so far as to suggest the company would probably do so for a Democrat . Google refused , saying it "  very rarely " removes content , and only when it is illegal or explicitly violates Google 's terms of service . For the record , there 's also a "  Spreading Ron Paul " site , which appears to be a sincere endorsement of the U.S. congressman and fellow GOP presidential candidate .	Mitt Romney joins GOP rival Rick Santorum with a Google search-results problem New site , "  Spreading Romney , " gives a profane , fake definition of candidate 's name Sites for Newt Gingrich , President Obama also exist , but have less traction
CNN  -- Less than an hour before her mastectomy was scheduled to begin , Eve Wallinga 's surgeon gave her the bad news : Because of unforeseen complications , doctors would n't be able to reconstruct a new breast for her immediately after removing her cancerous breast as planned . She was told she 'd have to wait another day for the plastic surgery . According to one expert , the median time from breast cancer diagnosis to surgery is two weeks : "  way too fast . " Wallinga wept openly ; she 'd dreaded waking up from surgery without a breast , and now she had no choice . "  I was devastated , " says the 53-year-old writer from St. Cloud , Minnesota , whose breast cancer was diagnosed three years ago . "  I felt like the rug had been pulled out from under me . " Today Wallinga considers that delay one of the luckiest moments of her life . She says it gave her the time to investigate other procedures to reconstruct her breast besides the two her surgeon had recommended . With that time , she ultimately made a very different decision . Wallinga 's experience highlights an emerging issue in breast cancer care : With so many choices to make -- Mastectomy or lumpectomy ? What type of reconstruction ? To get chemotherapy or not ? -- there 's concern women are n't being properly informed about all the treatment options available to them . "  People are typically presented with ` Here 's how it 's going to go , ' " says Nancy Nixon , director of the Contact Center at the Breast Cancer Network of Strength , which receives more than 45,000 calls a year from people with breast cancer and their families and friends . "  Once we explain to them there are other options , the callers say , ` Oh , I did n't even know that was available . ' " According to a recent report from the American Society of Plastic Surgeons , 70 percent of breast cancer patients who are eligible for breast reconstruction procedures were not informed of the reconstructive options available to them . Nixon says sometimes doctors ' hectic schedules prevent them from laying out all the options . Other times , she thinks a doctor might fail to mention or discourage a procedure if he or she does n't have the training to perform it . Wallinga 's surgeon recommended two reconstruction techniques , both of which she says could have possibly harmed healthy tissue and muscle . Disappointed , but thinking she had no other choice , she agreed to one of them . Then the delay that had initially so upset Wallinga provided her the chance to look into other options . "  It gave me the extra time to seek out objective information with a clearer head , " she says . "  I read books and surfed the Internet and looked at studies and before and after photos and researched surgeons ' credentials . " Three months after her mastectomy , Wallinga chose a relatively new procedure she says had been discouraged by her original surgeon , but one that she feels was less invasive , less painful and a better choice for her . Now she counsels women on Internet breast cancer chat boards to investigate all options on their own . "  I hear over and over again from women who are not told the whole story , " she says . "  It really angers me . " To get the whole story about your options , breast cancer experts recommend that first of all , you try to slow down the process . Watch more on breast cancer and treatment options " The median time from breast cancer diagnosis to surgery is two weeks , according to Dr. Steven Katz , professor in the departments of medicine and health management and policy at the University of Michigan Health System . "  That 's way too fast , " he says . "  Breast cancer is not a medical emergency . You have a period of time , certainly weeks , to make decisions . " Katz tells patients to weigh all options and get second opinions . "  Make no decisions in the first visit to the doctor . Let me repeat : Make no decisions in the first visit , " he says . The sometimes hasty journey from diagnosis to surgery is often initiated by the patients themselves , says Dr. Jennifer Griggs , a breast oncologist at the University of Michigan . "  Many women have the reaction , ` Get this cancer out before it kills me ! ' They do n't realize it 's been there for years , " she says . Sometimes even doctors make this mistake , says Griggs , who is also director of the university 's Breast Cancer Survivorship Program . "  I had two patients who were physicians and they jumped the queue and had their mastectomies very quickly , " she remembers . "  They did n't wait for all the tests to come back , and when they did , the tests showed these women could have kept their breasts , but they had that operating room booked . " Griggs also recommends going beyond your surgeon , who is often the first person a patient consults , for advice . For example , she says too many times women will take a surgeon 's advice not to have chemotherapy , without meeting with a medical oncologist , who specializes in chemotherapy . "  You really need a multidisciplinary team . Big academic centers have them , but if your hospital does n't , create one of your own , " she advises . CNN 's Sharisse Scineaux contributed to this report .	Women are n't getting all breast cancer treatment options , some advocates say Expert : Weigh all options ; get second opinion ; make no decisions in the first visit There 's time to explore options : "  Breast cancer is not a medical emergency " Organizations like Breast Cancer Network of Strength can help educate patients
CNN  One small crowdfunding investment online , one giant leap for South Africa ? At least that 's the intention behind the Africa2Moon Mission which aims to muster enough money through internet donations to send a probe to the lunar surface within a decade . The project has been proposed by the Foundation for Space Development South Africa , a non-profit based in Cape Town that seeks to increase awareness around space education and research . By reaching for the stars  or moon , in this case  , the idea is to energize the youth of South Africa and beyond and to boldly take the continent where its never gone before . "  We aim to inspire , to educate and then once the mission has started up , to do research and science , " the organization 's chief executive , Jonathan Weltman , told CNN . The mission 's website proudly states that the probe could even be programmed to beam pictures of the experiments it undertakes to classrooms all across Africa . Online campaign But how will these ambitious plans be turned into reality and how likely are they to succeed ? Weltman concedes that most people still regard an African nation going to the moon as a remote prospect . However , Afirca2Moon has the backing of a number of South African universities and the South African Space Association among others . Funds have been rolling in via an online donation page over the last month and the target is to reach $ 150,000 by the end of January to ensure the first stage goes ahead . As of publication , the mission has raised $ 21,600 . If succesful , this initial cash will be used to develop a full lunar program as well as undertake an associated feasibility study . Outreach and public participation events to garner publicity and create engagement will also be arranged . Beyond this stage , suggestions from the scientific community around the world will be considered as to what experiments the probe should be designed to carry out . For example , should it orbit the moon or should it take the shape of a vehicle that can land on the surface and take samples ? "  Our research must fit in with the rest of the world in terms of making a contribution of getting a better understanding of the moon and the needs that the global community has , " Weltman said . Educational prospects While the ultimate goal is to follow the likes of the U.S. , the USSR , India and China in getting up close to the lunar landscape , it 's the journey to that point that most interests Weltman and the FSDSA given their focus on education . Studies have shown that countries like South Africa lag behind those in Europe and Asia in terms of the number of higher education graduates and PhD students they produce . According to an article penned by Weltman on the Africa2Moon website , meanwhile , one in nine African graduates also leaves the continent after completing their studies . This has a damaging long-term impact on the continent 's development and economic prospects . But an eye-catching mission to the moon could help reverse these trends , Weltman believes . "  The benefits wo n't only come in a decades time when the data starts to come through , " he said . "  If we can get somebody into science , if we can get somebody to ask how are they going to get to the moon and somehow get them interested in any of the sciences and engineering , that 's our job done . " The great African space race A number of African nations have invested in space programs in recent years . South Africa , Nigeria , Morocco , Tunisia , Algeria and Egypt have all launched satellites to aid the likes of communications technology , navigation technology , agriculture , disaster management and mining . The likes of Ghana , Uganda , Angola , Ethiopia and Kenya have also voiced their commitment to follow suit with space programs of their own . On top of this , the Square Kilometer Array project in South Africa 's Karoo desert will be the largest and most powerful radio telescope on earth when it comes online . Construction on SKA -- which some have compared to CERN 's Large Hadron Collider -- is set to begin in 2018 . In a December interview with CNN , Harvard University professor and co-chair of the African Union 's High-Level Panel on Science , Technology and Innovation , Calestous Juma , told CNN that such projects were vital to creating valuable and highly skilled workforces on the continent . Others , however , have asked whether space programs or complex science projects are where African countries should be placing their focus given the many other problems facing the continent . This is not a point of view Weltman has much sympathy for . Removing the plaster "  There 's no denying there 's poverty , " he said . "  There 's Ebola in western Africa , there 's religious unrest , there are a lot of trials and tribulations facing our continent and they do need to be dealt with . " "  But if we pool everything into aid , it 's just a plaster or a band aid that does n't fix the problem . " Instead , Weltman suggests a more ambitious and joined up strategy that includes space ambitions will prove more fruitful in the long term . "  We have to have education . Education leads to opportunity and opportunity will lead to economic empowerment , " he explained . "  Beyond education you have to have skill retention . Its no good creating an educated group who then migrate to better shores . Then you lose that skillset and you lose those future leaders because you 're not providing for them . " "  If we do n't do that what chance do we ever have of standing shoulder to shoulder so that one day people saying ` Africa goes to Mars ' is as normal as saying ` America goes to Mars , ' he said . More from Marketplace Africa Robotics revolution hits classrooms	Non-profit aims to start process for African lunar probe Aim of the project is educational as well as scientific Increasing number of African nations are investing in space programs
CNN  -- While officials have provided few details about the U.S. Army soldier accused of killing 16 Afghan men , women and children in a house-to-house shooting rampage in two villages , one psychiatrist speculated the incident may have stemmed from mental illness , but not necessarily post-traumatic stress disorder . "  Post-traumatic stress disorder has a cluster of symptoms , and violence , or violence against , others is not usually considered part of that diagnosis , " said Paul Newhouse , a professor of psychiatry at Vanderbilt University and a former Army psychiatrist . "  So I think it 's more likely that we 're going to discover that there was some either psychotic illness or delusional condition or some evidence that this person was more seriously deranged or impaired than we would typically see in PTSD . " An Afghan soldier at the combat outpost spotted the staff sergeant leaving about 3 a.m. Sunday and notified American commanders , said Gen. John Allen , commander of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . A head count verified the solder was missing , and a search party was assembled , but "  it was as that search party was forming that we began to have indications of the outcome of his departure . " Afghans approached the gate to the outpost , saying there had been a shooting and carrying their wounded , according to a senior Defense Department official . The death toll included nine children , three women and four men . Officials have not identified the suspect or provided many details about him . The suspect "  basically turned himself in and told individuals what had happened , " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday . However , the Defense Department official said the suspect has invoked his right to remain silent and has given no indication of his motive . The soldier was assigned to the 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team , 2nd Infantry Division , stationed at Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma , Washington , according to a congressional source not authorized to speak publicly . He is in his mid-30s , with a wife and children , officials said . An infantry sniper , he was trained to hit to kill at about 800 meters , according to the defense official . He was assigned to an outpost near the southern Afghan city of Kandahar to support a Special Forces unit , according to a military official who asked not to be named because of the pending investigation . He served three tours in Iraq , but this was his first deployment to Afghanistan , Allen said . A U.S. military official said he arrived in Afghanistan in January . During his last deployment in Iraq , in 2010 , he was riding in a vehicle that overturned in a crash , and was diagnosed with a traumatic brain injury , according to the defense official . However , after treatment he was determined to be fit for duty . Newhouse discounted the possibility that the injury could have played a role in the incident . "  I think that his injury was probably not very significant and thus he was judged to be fit for duty , " he said . "  I think we 're going to learn over the next few weeks or months that this was probably unrelated to this incident . " He also deemed it unlikely that the soldier suffers from a personality disorder . "  A sociopath or a psychopath is somebody who is n't going to fit into the rules of something like the U.S. military , and that kind of person would have been likely drummed out or released from the military many years ago , " he said . "  I understand this individual was , had been , in the Army for quite some time , so I think a better likelihood is that this person suffered from some severe illness or mental illness that may have come on more recently and perhaps is linked to this terrible incident . " The soldier was put in pretrial confinement in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar , about 15 miles from the outpost where he was stationed , said the congressional source . He has not been charged , but Panetta said he could face the death penalty . Military officials have said evidence indicates the suspect acted alone . After the shooting , the suspect 's family was moved onto Joint Base Lewis-McChord for their safety , the defense official said . The soldier 's medical history will be part of the investigation , which is being handled by U.S. military authorities , Allen said . Newhouse compared the shootings to mass killings seen in the United States , at Virginia Tech and in Tucson , Arizona . Individuals accused in those incidents "  turn out to have given off a lot of signals of mental illness or severe disturbance before the incident , and I think that 's where I would be starting my investigation or my inquiry , " he said . "  I think we are in a new situation for the U.S. Army over the last few years , because we are now having a professional army with multiple deployments , multiple tours in the combat zones , and this is something the Army has really not had a lot of experience with until the last decade or so , " Newhouse said . In previous engagements , soldiers typically had a single deployment , he said , adding that military officials are attempting to figure out appropriate mental health services for troops after multiple deployments . A handful of soldiers from Joint Base Lewis-McChord have been involved in violent incidents in the past few years , including four soldiers convicted of killing Afghan civilians in 2010 as part of a "  kill squad . " The forensic psychiatric review process at the base 's Madigan Army Medical Center is being reviewed . Western Regional Medical Command said last week that some 285 soldiers who were evaluated at Madigan since 2007 will be asked to undergo a second evaluation . In December 2010 , the Stars and Stripes military newspaper said Lewis-McChord had gained a reputation as "  the most troubled base in the military . " It also reported that year that multiple investigations were under way into the conduct of troops at the base and the adequacy of the mental health and medical care soldiers were receiving upon their return home . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Officials say the suspect was on his fourth deployment He suffered a traumatic brain injury in 2010 in Iraq but was cleared for duty Psychiatrist : It 's unlikely the solder was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder
CNN  -- A web video featuring former special forces officers accuses President Barack Obama of taking too much credit for the killing of Osama bin Laden and allowing classified information about the raid to become public . The ad also includes former Navy SEALs . The organization behind the ad , the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund , has posted the 22-minute web video on its website . A spokeswoman says the group has raised about $ 1 million toward an advertising campaign in some key swing states . Over a picture of Obama , the video 's narrator says that the group 's mission is to stop politicians from using sensitive intelligence about the bin Laden raid and other clandestine programs for political benefit . In a series of interviews , former military and intelligence officers accuse Obama of seeking political gain by disclosing successful secret operations . Opinion : To fix leaks , fix culture of secrecy "  As a citizen , it is my civic duty to tell the president to stop leaking information to the enemy , " says Benjamin Smith , identified in the video as a former Navy SEAL . "  It will get Americans killed . " Another former Navy SEAL in the video , Scott Taylor , says of the bin Laden raid : "  If you disclose how we got there , how we took down the building , what we did , how many people were there , that it 's going to hinder future operations , and certainly hurt the success of those future operations . " Smith also criticizes the president for taking too much credit for the SEALs ' raid . "  Mr. President , you did not kill Osama bin Laden . America did , " he says . "  We have become a political weapon . We are not . " Defense officials : Leaks did n't come from Pentagon Smith said the ad campaign pays no heed to political affiliation , and the organization describes itself as nonpartisan and says its focus isÂ on protecting intelligence agents and special operations officers , not on politics . But it shares an office with two Republican political consulting firms in Alexandria , Virginia . Its spokesman Chad Kolton worked for the Bush administration as a spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence . Taylor has run for the Republican nomination for Congress in Virginia ; Smith said he is a registered Republican but votes independently . As to who is funding the attack , which was first reported by Reuters , a spokeswoman for the organization would not disclose its donors . Darrell West of the Brookings Institution says it is too soon to say whether this campaign could become as successful as the 2004 "  Swift Boat " advertising campaign , which mounted a barrage of negative attacks on John Kerry 's standing as a Vietnam war hero . Video : Obama calls leaks "  offensive " "  Obama 's strong suit actually is on national security . He 's the guy who got bin Laden , and that 's been a central claim of his campaign . So there 's always a risk of the opposition coming in with this type of ad to try to undermine the president 's credibility and take away what is really his strong suit , " he said . West said the video blames Obama for leaks without providing any evidence the leaks are his fault . But still , West said , "  national security is a very sensitive issue for many people , that 's an issue that swing voters take very seriously . " In recent campaign speeches , Obama has cited the killing of bin Laden as one of the campaign pledges he has fulfilled . "  I promised to go after al Qaeda and bin Laden , and we did it , " he told an applauding audience Thursday . The Obama campaign has even produced an ad called "  One Chance " in which former President Bill Clinton praises Obama for ordering the secret raid to proceed . Toobin : Obama 's been "  tough " on leakers But Vice President Joe Biden made an effort to share the credit Tuesday as he was offering the crowd a list of the administration 's accomplishments . "  The man here pointed out , ` we also got bin Laden , ' " Biden said . "  Let me correct that . The president of the United States and the special forces got bin Laden . " And the head of special operations , Admiral Bill McRaven , a former SEAL himself , recently told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that credit was due to the president . "  At the end of the day , " he said , "  make no mistake about it : it was the president of the United States that shouldered the burden for this operation , that made the hard decisions . " But like other top officials , including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates , McRaven was highly critical of the recent leaks about clandestine operations . "  Are lives at risk ? Absolutely , " he said . The White House has denied leaking secret information about clandestine operations , and two federal prosecutors have been assigned to investigate recent leaks about the Stuxnet virus and drone strike operations . But in a recent speech in Reno , Nevada , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney called the leaks "  contemptible " and said they occurred on Obama 's watch .	The ad also includes former Navy SEALs Former military officers accuse Obama of disclosing successful secret operations Group behind ad shares an office with two GOP political consulting firms in Virginia
CNN  -- Bank of America CEO and Chairman Kenneth Lewis has been issued a subpoena by the New York State Attorney General 's Office , which is investigating whether the bank violated state law by withholding information from investors , a source familiar with the investigation told CNN . Kenneth Lewis is the CEO and chairman of Bank of America , the nation 's largest bank . Attorney General Andrew Cuomo has been highly critical of Wall Street firms in general and Merrill Lynch in particular for the way they have conducted themselves in the midst of a financial crisis . Last week , he accused Merrill Lynch , which was acquired by Bank of America late last year , of secretly doling out big bonuses before reporting a huge quarterly loss . "  Merrill Lynch 's decision to secretly and prematurely award approximately $ 3.6 billion in bonuses , and Bank of America 's apparent complicity in it , raise serious and disturbing questions , " Cuomo wrote in a letter to Rep. Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts , chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services . In his letter to Frank , Cuomo said Merrill gave bonuses of at least $ 1 million each to 696 employees , with a combined $ 121 million going to the top four recipients . The next four recipients were awarded a total of $ 62 million , and the next six received $ 66 million , he said . In all , the bonuses for 2008 totaled $ 3.6 billion . "  While more than 39,000 Merrill employees received bonuses from the pool , the vast majority of these funds were disproportionately distributed to a small number of individuals , " Cuomo wrote . "  Indeed , Merrill chose to make millionaires out of a select group of 700 employees . " The attorney general said Merrill "  awarded an even smaller group of top executives what can only be described as gigantic bonuses . " Cuomo also claimed Merrill handed out the bonuses ahead of its federally funded acquisition by Bank of America , which was announced in mid-September and closed by year 's end . It "  appears that , instead of disclosing their bonus plans in a transparent way as requested by my office , Merrill Lynch secretly moved up the planned date to allocate bonuses and then richly rewarded their failed executives , " Cuomo wrote . Bank of America has received $ 45 billion in federal bailout money , including $ 20 billion to support its takeover of Merrill . Bank of America reported a net loss of $ 1.79 billion for the fourth quarter . Merrill reported a net loss of $ 15.31 billion for the fourth quarter . Bank of America spokesman Scott Silvestri that Merrill was "  an independent company " when the bonuses were awarded . "  Bank of America did urge the bonuses be reduced , including those at the high end , " Silvestri wrote . "  Although we had a right of consultation , it was their ultimate decision to make . " Silvestri said the top executives for Bank of America "  took no incentive compensation for 2008 , " with an 80 percent reduction for the "  next level " of executives . Top executives from Bank of America -- as well as Bank of New York Mellon , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase , Morgan Stanley , State Street and Wells Fargo -- appeared before the Financial Services Committee last week to explain how they spent the $ 165 billion they received from the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP . In the testimony , Lewis said he received no bonus for 2008 and was paid a salary of $ 1.5 million . Bank of America 's stock , which traded higher than $ 40 a share in the past year , closed at a fresh 52-week low of $ 3.93 a share Thursday . It 's the largest bank in terms of assets in the United States and is headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina . CNNMoney.com contributed to this report .	New York State Attorney General 's Office issues the subpoena It 's investigating whether Bank of America withheld information from investors Bank purchased Merrill Lynch , which is accused of secretly doling out huge bonuses Bank says Merrill was "  independent company " when the bonuses were given
CNN  -- A lot gets carried in a plane 's cargo hold , but US Airways is still against people , especially those still on the clock . A baggage handler at Reagan National Airport in Washington was found locked in a US Airways plane 's cargo hold before takeoff Monday , said Laura J. Brown with the Federal Aviation Administration . Employees were searching for their co-worker when banging was heard outside the fuselage , she said . While loading a departing flight , the employee watched from inside the cargo hold as a co-worker closed the forward bin door from outside . According to the FAA , within "  a matter of minutes , " a third employee arrived and questioned where the baggage handler was , because the handler also was expected to tug the plane away from the gate . Upon opening his window , the first officer reportedly heard banging coming from inside the plane . The worker was released and went on to operate the tug . The plane departed ahead of schedule . Republic Airlines Flight 3336 , listed as a US Airways flight , had 29 passengers on board and very few checked bags , Brown said . Liz Landau , a spokeswoman for US Airways said , "  The engines never started and  the plane  never left the gate . " It is not uncommon for baggage handlers to enter a cargo hold as part of their job , Landau said . An investigation by US Airways is under way . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	US Airways worker is trapped in plane 's cargo hold in Washington He is discovered and freed before plane takes off Republic Airlines Flight 3336 not delayed by incident
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Royal Air Force scrambled jets Monday to escort a passenger plane in for landing after a man made threats on an Etihad Airways flight , authorities said . The British national , 37 , was arrested on arrival , police in the county of Essex said . The flight was bound for London 's Heathrow Airport from Abu Dhabi , but was diverted to nearby Stansted Airport . The plane landed safely and the airports are operating normally , officials said . There were no injuries . CNN 's Carol Jordan and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	A passenger makes threats on a plane heading for Heathrow , officials say The plane lands safely and the man is arrested
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British police are reviewing the death of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones , 40 years after the hard-living rocker was found dead in a swimming pool . An autographed photo of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones who was found dead in July 1969 Police in Sussex , in southern England , have confirmed they are examining documents given to them by an investigative journalist who has been researching events surrounding Jones ' death . Scott Jones , who is not related to the musician , has spent four years reviewing the evidence and speaking to key witnesses in the case . In an article published in the Daily Mail in November 2008 , Jones wrote , "  I 'm convinced Brian Jones ' death was not fully investigated . The only question that remains is why ? " Brian Jones ' body was found in the swimming pool after a party at his home in Cotchford Farm , East Sussex in July 1969 . He was 27 . An inquest returned a verdict of death by misadventure , despite post mortem results showing he had not taken illegal drugs and had only consumed the alcoholic equivalent of three and a half pints of beer . One of the most popular conspiracy theories that followed was that Jones was murdered by his builder , Frank Thorogood . The theory gained credence after Thorogood allegedly confessed to the killing before his death in 1993 . The storyline formed the basis of the 2005 film "  Stoned . " Sussex police told CNN they could not say how long it would take to review the new material , nor whether it could lead to a full investigation . There have been repeated calls for closer examination of the case since Jones ' death , which came just three weeks after he left the Rolling Stones . His drinking and drug-taking had taken a toll on his health and the band , and in 1969 Jones announced he was leaving . In a statement he said , "  I no longer see eye-to-eye with the others over the discs we are cutting . " Last year , Scott Jones published an article containing contents of an interview he conducted with one of the people present at Jones ' home on the night of his death . In the article , published in the Daily Mail , Jones ' said Janet Lawson , the girlfriend of Rolling Stones tour manager Tom Keylock , gave him a version of events that contradicted her official police statement . She is reported to have called her original statement , "  a pack of lies ... total rubbish . " Lawson 's revised version of events is among the documents Jones has supplied to Sussex police . It is also believed to include previously unseen files released by the Public Records Office . Lawson died of cancer soon after telling Scott Jones her new sworn testimony .	Sussex police confirm they are reviewing information on Brian Jones ' death Rolling Stones founder was found dead in his swimming pool in July 1969 Inquest found "  death by misadventure , " although questions remained Investigative journalist has handed documents , other material to police
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Fethiye Cetin was 25 years old when she discovered her beloved grandmother 's secret . Fethiye Cetin , with her grandmother , said she felt deceived when she learned her origins . The little old lady in the white headscarf was Armenian . Her real name was not Seher , but Heranus Gadarian . Cetin says at the age of nine , a Turkish gendarme captain ripped Heranus from the arms of her mother while they were on a brutal death march into the desert . A Turkish couple later adopted the Armenian girl , and gave her a Muslim name . When Cetin first learned about her grandmother 's Armenian origins , she was shocked . "  I felt deceived , " she says . "  I felt like going out into the street and screaming ` they are lying to us . ' " Instead Cetin , a Turkish human rights lawyer , wrote a book titled my "  My Grandmother . " It describes the atrocities that Cetin 's grandmother witnessed and suppressed since childhood . It also recounts Cetin 's reunion , after her grandmother died , with Armenian relatives in the United States . The book , which has been translated into six languages , is helping chip away at a taboo in modern-day Turkey about what happened to the Armenians in the final days of the Ottoman Empire . According to the Armenian Patriarchate in Istanbul , in 1914 there were more then 2,000 Armenian churches scattered across what is now Turkey . Today , there are fewer then 50 . Between 1915 and 1918 , as Europe and the Middle East plunged head-long into World War I , Ottoman authorities organized mass deportations that led to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Armenians living in eastern and central Anatolia . Watch more on this story " Every April 24 , Armenians around the world commemorate the anniversary of what they call the "  Armenian genocide . " They say more then a million Armenians were killed in the massacres . The Turkish government vehemently rejects the figure . "  The people of Turkey do not believe that their ancestors were criminals , were killers , " says Onur Oymen , a former ambassador who is now a member of the Turkish parliament . "  The historical fact says that the Armenians killed during this period more then 500,000 Ottoman citizens , Turkish citizens . " "  Regardless of whether 1,000 people were killed or one person was killed , it was still a human " says Cetin . "  I wrote this book to say that people felt pain , people suffered in 1915 -- to look at the events from a humanitarian perspective . " The battle over history continues to claim victims . On January 19 , 2007 , Cetin 's friend and client , Armenian newspaper editor Hrant Dink , stepped out of his office on to a busy boulevard in Istanbul to go to a nearby bank . He was gunned down in broad daylight by a 17-year-old Turkish ultra nationalist . Television cameras filmed Dink 's body that afternoon , lying on the sidewalk covered with newspapers . "  Hrant Dink was defending democratization . Hrant Dink was supporting dialogue . And at the same time Hrant Dink was destroying the taboos of the system , " Cetin said . "  Therefore Hrant Dink was dangerous for them and he was an important target . " Before his murder , Dink received a six-month suspended jail sentence for "  insulting Turkishness , " after he wrote an essay urging Armenians and Turks to overcome their mutual distrust . He was battling another court case at the time of his death , after he labeled the massacres of 1915 "  genocide " in an interview . He was quoted by the Reuters news agency saying : "  Of course I 'm saying it 's a genocide , because its consequences show it to be true and label it so . We see that people who had lived on this soil for 4,000 years were exterminated by these events . " An estimated 100,000 Istanbul residents poured into the streets in solidarity after Dink 's murder , some of them chanting "  We are all Hrant Dink . " But today , his surviving son is still defending himself in court for his father 's genocide comments . During his visit to Turkey this month , President Obama was asked whether he would follow through on a campaign pledge to recognize what happened to the Armenians nearly a century ago as genocide . Obama said his views had not changed on the subject , but added : "  What I want to do is not focus on my views right now but focus on the views of the Turkish and the Armenian people . If they can move forward and deal with a difficult and tragic history , then I think the entire world should encourage them . " Twenty-eight-year-old Aris Nalci , one of the new generation of Armenian journalists in Turkey inspired by Hrant Dink , said he opposed a proposed resolution in the U.S. Congress to formally recognize the Armenian genocide , arguing it would only hurt U.S.-Turkish relations . "  People and politicians in other countries are using this in a political way , " says Nalci . "  It will not change the minds of the people walking in the streets and the people living here . " But there is one area where the tiny -- and shrinking -- community of some 70,000 Armenians still living in Turkey is praying for American help . During a short meeting with Obama , Armenian Orthodox Archbishop Aram Atesyan urged him to do everything in his power to help Turkey and its northern neighbor Armenia normalize diplomatic relations . Borders between the two countries have been shut since 1993 , but the two countries have recently engaged in a diplomatic rapprochement . On April 16 , Turkey 's foreign minister traveled to the Armenian capital to attend a regional summit . "  Turkey is our motherland and Armenia is our fatherland , " Atesyan explained . "  And we are like orphans , stuck in between . "	Disagreement over events in 1915 continue to divide Turks and Armenians Armenians say one million were killed in genocide Turks reject claim that their forebears were involved in genocide
CNN  -- Bad news : Your Facebook page is likely about to slow down . Good news : The change will help keep online thieves away . According to a recent blog post , Facebook is in the process of moving all of its users in North America -- and soon the rest of the world -- to a type of Internet connection that is more secure but also tends to slow down Web browsing a bit . Called HTTPS , as opposed to less-secure HTTP , it 's the connection you see on online retail sites when you 're about to enter credit card information or a password . Sometimes a little lock icon appears in the browser window when you 're connected to a site with HTTPS .  The "  s , " by the way , stands for "  secure . " "  As the Web evolves , expectations around security change , " Facebook 's Alex Rice wrote last year when he announced that HTTPS would become an option on Facebook . "  For example , HTTPS -- once a technology used primarily on banking and e-commerce sites -- is now becoming the norm for any Web app that stores user information . " The new change is that Facebook is starting make HTTPS the default setting for all its 1 billion-plus users , so people who have n't selected that option soon will get added security -- and , potentially , slower browsing . "  People will be able to opt-out of HTTPS for maximum speed if that 's how they roll , " according to the blog TechCrunch . "  It is far from a simple task to build out this capability for the more than a billion people that use the site and retain the stability and speed we expect , " Facebook 's Frederic Wolens told that tech news site , "  but we are making progress daily towards this end . "  This may slow down connections only slightly , but we have deployed significant performance enhancements to our load balancing infrastructure to mitigate most of the impact of moving to HTTPS , and will be continuing this work as we deploy this feature . " How will you know whether you 're using HTTPS or HTTP ? Look at the top of your browser window , where you enter Internet addresses . If you go to Facebook and see https://facebook.com in that box , then you 're browsing on the more-secure connection , which scrambles data as it sends it back and forth to Facebook 's servers , making it more difficult for someone in the middle to nab your passwords or other sensitive data . "  Think of it like this : you 're having a private conversation with your new boyfriend or girlfriend , and your ex -- unbeknownst to you -- is a few tables over listening to every word , " the blog Lifehacker writes in a post titled "  WTF is HTTPS . " "  That 's the sort of risk HTTP poses , whereas HTTPS would be more like if you and your new romantic interest were speaking a new language that only the two of you understood . To your stalker of an ex , this information would sound like gibberish and s/he would n't get any value from listening if s/he tried . "  HTTPS is a way for you to exchange information with a web site securely so you do n't have to worry about anyone trying to listen in . " Other online services , including Gmail , already use HTTPS by default .	Facebook is moving to HTTPS connections by default That may result in slowed speeds for some users The switch is designed to offer additional security People who are unhappy with the change can opt out
CNN  You know it 's going to be bad when 0 degrees Fahrenheit  -17 Celsius  will be the high temperature . But that 's what parts of Minnesota will experience this week . And plenty of others will be freezing as well . "  We 're looking at 50 million people in 24 states that are going to see some of the coldest weather over the next several days that we have seen in quite some time , " CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis said . Here 's what to expect across the country : THE MIDWEST : Unfathomable chill If you want to know what 50 below zero  -45 degrees Celsius  feels like , just go to northern Wisconsin or Minnesota on Monday . Wind chills will dip to negative 25 to 50  -32 to -45 degrees Celsius  there and in parts of North Dakota . "  This arctic cold is potentially deadly and dangerous , " Maginnis said . "  And a second blast of cold air will reinforce the deep freeze on Tuesday . " By Monday night , Antarctica was downright balmy compared to the bone-chilling temperatures across the Midwest . A temperature of 37 degrees Fahrenheit  2.8 degrees Celsius  was recorded at McMurdo Station , a U.S. research center in Antarctica , while in Duluth , Wisconsin , it was a mere -2 degrees  -19 degrees Celsius  . Not much better was Green Bay , where a temperature of 1 degree  -17 degrees Celsius  was recorded , and 7 degrees  -14 degrees Celsius  in Chicago . Of course , it is summer in Antarctica . The Midwest is far from alone . "  About 70 % of the United States is going to feel very cold temperatures in the coming couple of days , " CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri said . No more snow days : School at home ? THE NORTHEAST : A cocktail of nasty precipitation Snow , sleet and freezing rain will pummel parts of upstate New York and New England . "  An Arctic airmass that already invaded the north central U.S. will spread southeastward , plunging temperatures from the Mississippi Valley to East Coast , " the National Weather Service said . New York City temperatures will dive to about 8 degrees  -13 degrees Celsius  Thursday morning . Oh , and there will be blustery winds to boot . THE WEST : Snow from Washington to the Grand Canyon Get ready for widespread precipitation across the Northwest early this week . "  Heavy rains are expected along the Washington coast while snowfall accumulations in excess of a foot will be possible in the Cascades and northern Rockies , " the National Weather Service said . Nearly 12 inches of rain was recorded in 24 hours on the southwest slopes of the Olympic Mountains , the National Weather Service in Seattle tweeted Monday . Residents in the Seattle region were keeping a wary eye on nearby rivers , rapidly rising with the heavy rain . "  We do n't know what is still yet to come , " said Mark Stewart , spokesman for the State Emergency Operations Center . In Hoquiam , 7 inches of rain over the past 24 hours triggered a mudslide that knocked at least three homes off their foundations , according to Lt. David Porter of the Grays Harbor County Sheriff 's Department . No one was injured . "  They heard the loud crashing of trees and were able to get out , " Porter said . Hoquiam residents were being urged to evacuate for at least 24 hours . Up to 300 people in the Beacon Hill area of the city were being escorted out of their neighborhood Monday evening because of a mudslide . Several other slides were reported elsewhere in the county , blocking roads . Farther south , snow has already blanketed Southern Californian mountains , cacti in the Southwest and parts of the Grand Canyon . THE SOUTHEAST : From tornadoes to bitter cold Fresh off a spate of weekend tornadoes , the Southeast will now have to deal with an onslaught of frigid air . Mississippi is cleaning up from four tornadoes Saturday , and two other twisters struck Alabama . Up next : A midweek freeze that will leave even Floridians shivering . Atlanta will get well below freezing , culminating in a dip to 16 degrees  -9 degrees Celsius  on Wednesday morning . The blast from the north could be strong enough to push not just to Florida , but also into the Caribbean . "  It staggers the imagination , " Sater said . "  There 's a change a-coming . " Are you there ? Share images , if you can safely CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Antarctica is warmer than much of the U.S. Midwest Heavy rains trigger mudslides in coastal region of Washington state A second blast of arctic air will push all the way down to Florida midweek
CNN  -- More than 2,700 CNN readers have shared what they think of Osama bin Laden 's letters which were released Thursday . Many who left comments said they were fascinated that bin Laden had apparently been strategizing about how to promote al Qaeda using media , and how his approach seems similar to any marketing agency or political party . Others carefully read the full documents CNN posted and responded with a variety of theories about them . The total pages released Thursday were a drop in the bucket compared to the trove the U.S. government says it confiscated from the Pakistan compound where bin Laden was killed in May 2011 . Thursday 's release included 17 letters totaling 175 pages . Officials said they would release the remaining documents later , but would not say when . Bin Laden 's marketing focus Bin Laden 's letters showed he was focused on how al Qaeda could use the media to attract more members . For example , he recommended to followers that al Qaeda consider reaching out to Al Jazeera and U.S. media to deliver the terror group 's message on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . Bin Laden 's writings also reveal he wanted to launch a publicity campaign to draw people to al Qaeda who "  have not yet revolted " during the Arab Spring uprisings . CNN reader Breck Archer said : "  Interesting to see how much emphasis bin Laden placed on the media campaign . Crafting messages to incite revolt for the 10th anniversery of 9/11 and during the Arab spring seemed to be a priority of his while holed up in his compound . Trying to implement the media as a weapons system while popping Viagra and dying his beard as the fledgling Al Qaeda network crumbled around him . " Poster tinwatchman weighed in : "  The war against al Qaeda has never really been just about the bombs and guns . It 's been fought inside people 's heads . We 're not just fighting Bin Laden , we 're fighting the story that he 's telling people : that this war is against Islam and Muslims , that it 's like the Crusades come all over again , and that any Muslim who wants dignity and freedom by definition must be against the United States , when the truth of the matter is -- at our best , anyway -- the United States really does n't * care * what religion you are ... " ZerkWerk , another reader , thought about who might be listening to bin Laden 's message . "  I felt like a filthy devil just reading what little I did . Makes me sick to think that people read that tripe and believed it . " Rebranding al Qaeda Other readers were intrigued by an al Qaeda memo discussing changing the group 's name which means "  The Base " and is associated with mujahedeen battles with the Russians in 1980s Afghanistan . Al Qaeda thought it might be better to go with , for example , "  Jihad Group . " "  Bin Laden was worried that the name made it too easy to disassociate Al-Qaeda from Islam -- and thus from Bin Laden 's self-appointed position as Islam 's representative . Doing so allowed Obama and the US to move away from the kind of ` cosmic war ' between Christianity and Islam that Bush wound up falling into during the Iraq war , " tinwatchman wrote . "  That holy war pattern is something that Bin Laden was entirely comfortable with -- something he thrived on . In a lot of ways , taking that story away from him is one of the most important moves Obama made . " Poster Payton Stone said it was "  jarring " to hear the word "  brand " used in reference to al Qaeda . "  On one level , one could consider it an abomination to use this word so casually . A terrorist organization is far different than a toothpaste . " "  I believe we should use language which draws distinctions between methods utilized by institutions of horrific violence and those deploying commonplace capitalist methodologies , " Stone wrote . "  While it may contribute to establishing a commentators cognoscenti credentials to re-purpose common words in this way , one should be ever vigilant in thinking carefully about how the use or words can positively or negatively impact our perceptions of the world . " Theorists and skeptics Several commenters suspected the U.S. government fabricated or manipulated the letters or parts of them . SamQuentin : "  Are we to believe that NO DOCUMENTS in this ` treasure trove ' have revealed exactly how OBL managed to end up hiding in that Pakistan compound , as well as EXACTLY WHO had been protecting him for all the time he was there ? " Where is the smoking gun , the poster asks . "  Or will that information be ` strategically released ' at an ` appropriate moment ' to confirm Pakistan 's complicity ? " Lt. Col. Liam Collins , director of the Combating Terrorism Center which published the documents , gave an advance quote to CNN prior to the Thursday release of the documents . The CTC published an analysis of the documents . "  As for Pakistan , the discussion in the documents is scarce and therefore inconclusive , " Collins said . "  There are no explicit references to any institutional Pakistani support for al-Qaeda or its operatives . " Europedude wrote : "  How do we know the documents are n't just another made up lie ? They 've lied about everything else . " Establisher posted : "  Obama has done well , at least tactically . Pulling out troops before further escalation of deaths , a successful raid or at least a drama that is convincing to many , except the Pakistanis themselves . And now the documents , even if forged , sends a clear message ... we are pulling out and our work is over . " "  People actually trust that these documents are genuine and not manipulated for political means ? Really ? Revoke their voting cards , " posted 55reasons . "  This is all such timely horse s **** . Obama flies to Afghanistan to tell the US stormtroopers their liberation is near . Suddenly we hear about Osama 's remorse for his failures and misdeeds . Give me a break . Those documents in US hands ... We are to believe that they are telling us HIS truth . Yeah , right the check is in the mail ... " Finding the humor Some readers found bin Laden 's letters simply amusing , if not downright funny . BBoy705 : I just read a bunch of the letters , I had no idea OBL was that us ! Boy that guy was on a holy terror ! His poetry was awful though ... no cadence . Anyway , I guess it really does n't mater now ... he 's dead . Phil : LOL these docs are so hilarious . They 're all about "  Oh dear Brother , God protect you , Allah loves you , In the name of Peace and God ... " and then "  rip out their eyes and let the blood from their tainted bodies flood the streets " . Puuuuuhlease . MartinOM : Laughed out loud at this comment from the letter from Gadahn about the anniversary of 9/11 , speaking about American news channels : "  From the professional point of view , they are all on one level -- except Fox News channel which falls into the abyss as you know , and lacks neutrality too . " Tinwatchman wrote that reading bin Laden 's letters recalls the everyday writing of Adolf Hitler or the Columbine shooters . "  We tend to mythologize people like Bin Laden -- be it as a hero , a villain , or a monster . In Bin Laden 's case , it seems to me that he deliberately tried to build up his own legend . But looking into these letters tends to reinforce just how ridiculously human he really was underneath it all .  What was it they said about Eichmann ? "  The banality of evil " ? "  It 's easier , in a lot of ways , to pretend that only a monster or a caricature could do the sort of things that Bin Laden did . To know and accept that actual feeling , thinking human beings can commit such acts ? That 's hard . " Drone strikes strike a chord The letters reveal that bin Laden was instructing his followers to be careful because U.S. drone strikes were hurting al Qaeda . "  The government needs to step up these drone strikes because from the documents it shows that those drones had Bin Laden all shook up , " understandingoverignorance wrote . Facepalm28 : "  Ten years after 9/11 , we still go about our daily lives without constantly worrying about when the next bomb will go off or next attack will come . The men who plotted that attack  those that are still alive  live in constant fear of when our drones or spec-ops teams will find them . THIS is how we should fight the war on terror ; THIS is how we will win it . " A poster claiming to be an Army sergeant deployed in Afghanistan wrote : "  Agreed ! It would be nice if they could take care of it with the use of Drones alone , but unfortunately we have to be on the ground in many situations , to guide our precise munitions . Too many years over here . " Bin Laden on Biden Bin Laden 's correspondence shows that he instructed his followers to try to kill President Barack Obama but to leave Vice President Joseph Biden alone . Biden is "  unprepared for that post , " according to one letter . If Obama were killed and Biden took control of the White House , bin Laden wrote , it would "  lead the US into a crisis . " KeninTexas posted about bin Laden : "  Well , I guess he was n't wrong about everything . " ThisGADude wrote : "  I love how OBL and his like believe the rest of the world is as black and white as theirs is .  If  Obama would have been assassinated , the US pop . would have rallied and united behind Biden and our military in a way that has n't been seen in the 1940 's . We disagree on policy -- there is no lack of nationhood . Stupid Terrorist . " If you have an opinion on the documents , tell us in the comments section . The comments were compiled by CNN.com 's moderation staff . Some have been edited for length and clarity .	Readers give fiery opinions about Osama bin Laden letters Comments cover media strategy , vanities , drone strikes On bin Laden 's Biden reference , readers defend and criticize the VP
Istanbul  CNN  -- "  Hurry up , " one of my rivals curtly warns me , as I clumsily try to decide which tile to add to my deck . Ali does n't seem to realize that part of my dawdling is because I 'm learning to play the Turkish game Okey for the very first time . Coached by my colleague , CNN producer Gul Tuysuz , I reach for a number . Then , in an effort to create some goodwill , I buy a glass of Turkish tea and send it over to Ali 's side of the table . "  Thanks , " he writes . But I still proceed to lose the game . Instead of playing Okey the traditional way , shuffling plastic numbered ties on a green-felt table in a smoky cafe , Gul and I are exploring the game digitally . This online version of Okey lets you win digital dollars and play with your friends via Facebook . It is definitely designed for a Turkish audience : Among the gifts you can send people are Turkish coffee , a nargila water pipe , and even a belly dancer . There is also a function called "  flÃ ¶ rt " that lets you flirt with other players . It is a fairly simple formula that the game 's online designers say has been wildly successful . Since Turkish start-up company Peak Games released Okey less than two years ago , the game has attracted more than 19 million users , with an average of more than 3 million players a month . "  We 're only 2 years old , " says Rina Onur , one of Peak Games ' founders . The Harvard-educated former investment banker then rattles off accomplishments that would make any entrepreneur jealous . "  We started with three people , and now we 're with 200 . Five offices around the world , 10 million daily and 30 million monthly active users , to be the third-largest gaming company in the world . " An intense work force Onur speaks in the company 's offices , which overlook Istanbul 's Bosphorus Strait . Ferry boats glide past the window , as employees stare intently at banks of computer monitors . The age of the work force here looks to be in the mid-20s , and the dress code is casual . But the atmosphere is pretty serious . I 'm struck by how clearly I can hear the sound of clicking mouse buttons . It is n't easy to independently confirm some of Peak Games ' claims . The young company does not reveal its revenues . As Rob Fahey , a British gaming industry consultant and columnist explains to me , there is a culture of secrecy within the online gaming industry . "  This is a very young market , and there are people who are treating it as a gold rush and there are others who are saying ` Listen , you have to build something sustainable , ' " Fahey says in a phone call from Britain . Regardless where Peak Games falls in this ongoing debate , it is clear that the Turkish start-up has quickly become a significant player in the online gaming industry . According to the application tracker AppData , Peak 's 23 games have a total of more than 22 million monthly active users . That puts Peak Games within the world 's Top 20 most popular application designers . Targeting an overlooked market Part of Peak 's successful strategy appears to be that it has focused on a region apparently overlooked by many of the world 's more established game designers . "  We just saw there were huge opportunities around the Turkish and Arabic speaking market , " explains Onur . "  We realized that there was so much demand , so much usage and Internet consumption , but not enough local content and local games . " With more than 31 million users , Turkey is the world 's seventh-largest Facebook country , according to Socialbakers , another social media tracking company . Peak Games first targeted this enormous Turkish market by "  localizing " games that had been designed for foreign audiences and converting some Turkish traditional games such as Okey to the digital realm . Statistically , Peak claims one in five Turkish Facebook users has now played Okey . Less than a year after its launch , Peak Games expanded its operations to the Arab world . The company established an office in Amman , Jordan , and this year acquired a Saudi Arabian online game designing company . Half of the company 's millions of consumers now log on from the Arabic speaking world . Bridging a cultural divide Fahey , who writes columns for Gamesindustry.biz , credits the ambitious Turkish start-up with getting a head start in Middle Eastern markets . "  The rest of the world does n't really engage with these markets because it 's hard . Selling games to American or British or German people is very easy , because it was figured out in the 1990s , " Fahey says . "  If you 've got a country that can organize a revolution over Twitter and one of the first things the government does when people get grumpy is it turns off the Internet , " Fahey adds , referring to the 2011 revolution in Egypt , "  that should have been a wake-up call for business people . " Onur agrees it is n't always easy to translate games designed for American teenagers for an audience in , say , Saudi Arabia . "  The Arabic region and Arabic culture is even more difficult than Turkey to understand and penetrate , because of the cultural differences , religious differences , even the way that the alphabet works and the language works is different , " she says . To avoid triggering religious taboos in Arab markets , for example , Peak Games had to transform a game character named Horus from an ancient Egyptian deity to a "  hero . " On the other hand , Peak Games has gambled that online gaming will likely grow in the Arab world , in part because it provides conservative Middle Eastern societies with an easy , alternative way to socialize . "  It 's not as easy in a lot of these countries to go up to a bar or a cafe and meet someone and have a meaningful conversation , " she says . "  These games provide a platform and a medium to talk to others without being shunned or looked down upon . " Barring linguistic divisions , the online gaming world effectively has no borders . As a result , designers at Peak 's Istanbul offices have made some cultural observations , while monitoring game play of participants from different countries . In the hard-core , empire-building strategy game New Battles , for example , designer Balkan Cilingir said German players tended to focus on teamwork within their alliances , whereas Arab players were "  the most competitive " and Turks were "  in the biggest rush to make the biggest army . " Peak is now in the process of designing a new strategy game , "  War of Mercenaries . " Its slightly cartoonish cast of warrior characters includes a Persian sapper , a Bedouin hunter , an Ottoman janissary and the legendary Ottoman aviator Hezarfen . Tailing James Bond : 007 locations Muslim for a month : Tourists take Islamic ` pray-cations ' Turning social activism into a game More on gaming at CNN.com 's Geek Out ! CNN 's Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report	Peak Games released Okey less than two years ago ; it has more than 19 million users Okey lets you win digital dollars and play with your friends via Facebook Peak Games is attempting to turn Turkey and Arab countries into a lucrative gaming market
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The new Bundesliga season kicked off on Friday when defending champions Wolfsburg beat Stuttgart 2-0 at the Volkswagen Arena -- Fanzone details what to expect from the new campaign : So what 's new ? No less than eight teams underwent a change of coach during the off season with Bayern Munich 's appointment of Louis van Gaal the most high profile after the disappointing reign of Jurgen Klinsmann and Jupp Heynckes ' spell as caretaker boss . Felix Magath has left champions Wolfsburg to help revive ailing Schalke , who finished eighth last time round , with former Stuttgart chief Armin Veh moving into the hot seat . Brazil playmaker Diego was the most significant player departure from the Bundesliga after he swapped Werder Bremen for Italian giants Juventus in a deal worth $ 35 million . Werder filled the void left by the influential midfielder with the $ 12 million signing of promising youngster Marko Marin from Borussia Monchengladbach . Striker Mario Gomez moved to Bayern Munich from Stuttgart for a Bundesliga record fee of $ 43 million while Wolfsburg increased their goal options with the capture of Nigeria forward Obafemi Martins . One change in the structure of the Bundesliga is the reduction of the winter break from six to three weeks to help ease fixture congestion and enable the national team longer to prepare for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . . Lukas Podolski is back at his former club Cologne Key players : Speculation over the future of Bayern Munich star Franck Ribery - who has been linked with Chelsea , Real Madrid and Manchester United - has been the main transfer topic that has filled column inches during the off season . If Ribery remains with the club he could prove to the difference between Bayern and the rest of the title contenders although the arrival of defensive midfielder Anatoliy Tymoschuk from Zenit St Petersburg will add some much-needed steel to their midfield . Brazil striker Grafite notched 28 goals in 25 Bundesliga matches last season and his form in the 2009/10 season could be key if Wolfsburg can hold onto their title . The battle for places in Joachim Low 's squad for the 2010 World Cup could also have a knock-on effect on the fortunes of several Bundesliga sides . Who will win the Bundesliga title ? Sound Off below . Bayer Leverkusen pair Stefan Kiessling and Patrick Helmes could well be vying for one place in Low 's squad , while Lukas Podolski in particular will be keen to be make up for lost time with Cologne following his emotional return to the club after a stop-start spell at Bayern . Wolfsburg won their first Bundesliga title last season Key clubs : Hoffenheim enjoyed a creditable first Bundesliga campaign and were top heading into the winter break before they faded in the second half of the season following a serious injury to leading striker Vedad Ibisevic . If the Bosnia international can rediscover his touch , and new signings Franco Zuculini and Maicosuel settle in quickly , then Ralf Rangnick 's men could again upset the established elite and this time stay in contention until the end of the season . Schalke supporters will hope that new boss Magath can repeat the heroics he achieved with Wolfsburg last time round . The 56-year-old steered the Wolves to their first Bundesliga title by improbably pipping Bayern Munich to the post , ending the season top of the division with a two point lead over the German giants at the top of the division after 34 games . Elsewhere , if Podolski can show the form he is capable of and finds the net regularly he may add the firepower Cologne need to move from perennial relegation strugglers to European hopefuls . All eyes will be on new Bayern Munich coach Louis van Gaal when the new season starts . Expert view : CNN 's Kate Giles - "  Well as much as I hate to say it , Bayern Munich are the favorites to do the business this season . By their high standards , last season was a flop . "  After similar disappointment in 2007 , they came back hard in 2008 and were little short of unstoppable . I would not expect anything different this time round . "  To add to an already star-studded squad , they have made top-class signings in Gomez , Tymoschuk and Ivica Olic . What 's more , they will be masterfully led by new coach van Gaal - who has the credentials and experience lacked by Klinsmann . "  Nonetheless , the past few years have proved the Bundesliga title is not necessarily a foregone conclusion , and there are a few other sides that can challenge the favorites . Watch the predictions of CNN 's Kate Giles for the coming campaign " "  Wolfsburg will be hoping for a repeat of last season 's glory . And after managing to hold on to strike duo Grafite and Dzeko , they are bound to get enough goals to present a solid challenge although the distraction of the Champions League could be their undoing . "  Stuttgart will also be looking to pick up where they left off and can not afford a slow start this time round . Consistency will be the key if they are to turn into title challengers , although the departure of Gomez to Bayern will leave a huge void . "  Bayer Leverkusen are worth keeping an eye on and have added the experience of Sami Hyypia to their talented young squad while veteran coach Heynckes could be the man to unlock their potential . "  At the wrong end of the table , Nuremberg will hope to improve on the unwanted Bundesliga record of being relegated seven times while fellow new boys Mainz and Freiburg must add to their squads to have any realistic hope of survival . "	Bundesliga champions Wolfsburg kick off the new season against Stuttgart Eight teams will have a new coach in charge for the forthcoming campaign Franck Ribery could be a key player for Bayern Munich if he stays at the club Have your say on who you think will win the Bundesliga in the Sound Off below
A 10-day Royal Caribbean cruise ship will return two days early after an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness , the cruise line said Sunday . According to Bernadette Burden , a spokeswoman with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , more than 600 people on the ship have become ill . Passengers and crew members reported vomiting and diarrhea . "  New reports of illness have decreased day-over-day , and many guests are again up and about . Nevertheless , the disruptions caused by the early wave of illness means that we were unable to deliver the vacation our guests were expecting , " the cruise line said in a statement . "  After consultation between our medical team and representatives of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , we think the right thing to do is to bring our guests home early , and use the extra time to sanitize the ship even more thoroughly , " the company said . Explorer of the Seas left January 21 from Cape Liberty , New Jersey , and it has been in the Caribbean . After returning to its home port on Wednesday , the cruise line said it would perform a "  thorough ` barrier ' sanitization program on the entire ship to make certain that any remaining traces of the illness are eliminated . " The cause of the illness was not immediately clear , though symptoms are consistent with norovirus , the cruise line said . Noroviruses spread easily and are a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea . According to Burden , the CDC spokeswoman , 577 of the 3,050 passengers and 49 of 1,165 crew members reported being ill . Joseph Angelillo was one such person . He said he thought , at first , he just had food poisoning . "  I started with upset stomach and vomiting , and that lasted all night and into the morning , " he told CNN by phone Sunday . He said some entertainers were sick and shows had to be canceled . "  If I can get off  the ship  , I will , " Angelillo said . What you need to know about kids and norovirus Five things we 've learned about cruising After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ?	577 passengers and 49 crew members report being ill , CDC spokeswoman says Cause is not clear , though symptoms are consistent with norovirus "  If I can get off  the ship  , I will , " says one passenger
LONDON , England  CNN  -- You might want to go green , but how do you know what you 're buying is truly ethical ? Greenwash -- the ignoble art of misleading consumers about a product 's true green worth -- is on the rise . But thanks to the work of increasingly vigilant regulators , some of the more curious and downright spurious claims are being weeded out . TerraChoice 's "  six sins of greenwashing " include vagueness , irrelevance and outright fibbing . TerraChoice , a Canadian environmental marketing agency , has devised a guide for consumers which they hope goes some way to eradicating greenwash . They 've called it "  the six sins of greenwashing . " Scott McDougall , President and CEO of TerraChoice told CNN : "  The regulatory initiatives in Canada , the U.S. , Australia and , I suspect , Europe are rather impenetrable bureaucratic documents , and are not very useful to the average consumer . So we developed it as a tool that would be memorable and useful to consumers . " The sins include "  Vagueness " -- terms like 100 percent natural and earth-friendly which do n't really mean anything , "  Hidden Trade Off " -- is a product truly sustainable ? And the "  Lesser of Two Evils " -- trying to make consumers feel green about products that have dubious environmental benefit . Set up in 1995 as part of the Canadian Federal Government 's program against greenwash , TerraChoice examines the entire life cycle of a product and the science of environmental claims with a view to awarding Canada 's environmental certification mark , the EcoLogo . "  Our position is to help genuine environmental leadership win market share , " McDougall said . TerraChoice is currently completing a 20-year study of green marketing claims . They have discovered that greenwash is more prevalent when public interest in environmental issues is greater , and that there 's been a gradual increase in claims over time . "  It 's a kind of a sawtooth curve , " McDougall said . This rise appears to be a global phenomenon . The UK Advertising Standards Authority  ASA  says that complaints about environmental claims "  increased dramatically " in 2007 -- 561 compared with just 117 the previous year . Car manufacturer Lexus ran into trouble in the UK with its "  High Performance . Low Emissions . Zero Guilt " advert . The ASA ruled that "  zero guilt " implied "  little or no damage to the environment . " British Gas was also found to have misled the public by claiming in a television ad that its green energy was "  carbon zero . " The regulator agreed with complainants that the phrase implied that no carbon dioxide was produced . In their 2007 report the ASA concluded that ; "  claims about carbon emissions and green tariffs were among those most likely to confuse consumers . " Australia is also clamping down on greenwash . In June 2008 , the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission  ACCC  demanded that tire manufacturer Goodyear compensate consumers after claiming that their Eagle LS2000 was eco-friendly and cut carbon emissions . The ACCC -- which is also taking Swedish car manufacturer Saab to court over inflated green claims -- has recorded a tenfold increase in complaints since October 2007 . So does McDougall think businesses are starting to get the message about greenwash ? "  Those sectors under particular scrutiny are educating themselves more quickly about what legitimate green marketing is , " he said . "  In particular , cleaning formulations and cleaning chemistry . I think there is a great deal of movement towards greening generally . " But should products which are inherently bad for the environment be allowed to promote their improving green status ? Well , Norway does n't think so . In October 2007 they banned all green references in automobile advertising . In TerraChoice 's "  six sins " many motorized forms of transport would fall into the "  Lesser of Two Evils " category . McDougall thinks that this is increasingly a problem area . "  It has been suggested to us that some of the claims about fuel efficiency and carbon issues are fundamentally deceiving , " he said . Inevitably , some products are going to fail the criteria needed to achieve an EcoLogo -- McDougall once had to politely reject a bid wanting organic cigarettes certified -- but he says in most cases that TerraChoice has studied there was not a malicious attempt to mislead . With such a barrage of eco-messages slapped on products these days even McDougall concedes that "  the six sins of greenwashing " might be too much for consumers to remember when out shopping . So , in a nutshell , what 's his advice ? "  The most essential guide I can offer consumers is ; choose the product that appears to be doing its best to educate you , to offer you information and in precise language . " Do you think greenwashing is a problem ? Do we need more or less regulation ? Have your say in the "  sound off " box below .	Consumers increasingly becoming aware of "  Greenwash " products Canadian marketing agency TerraChoice outlines the "  six sins of greenwashing " TerraChoice advise people to : "  choose products that appear to educate and inform "
CNN  -- The good news is that improving economies in developing nations is allowing more people to eat better , but the United Nations estimates that nearly 1 billion people will still face chronic hunger this year . The Food and Agriculture Organization and the World Food Programme estimated that 925 million people , almost three times the population of the United States , will go hungry . That 's down from 1.023 billion people in 2009 and the first decrease in 15 years . "  But with a child dying every six seconds because of undernourishment related problems , hunger remains the world 's largest tragedy and scandal , " said FAO Director-General Jacques Diouf in a statement . "  This is absolutely unacceptable . " More than 40 percent of the hungry live in the two largest nations , India and China . Only 19 million of the world 's undernourished live in developed countries . The United Nations attributed the lower number to renewed economic growth expected this year , particularly in developing nations , coupled with a drop in food prices since mid-2008 . However , recent spikes in food costs could hamper a further reduction of hunger , the FAO warned . Among the study 's key findings were : • Two thirds of undernourished people live in just seven countries -- India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Indonesia , China , the Democratic Republic of Congo and Ethiopia . • The region with the most undernourished people continues to be Asia and the Pacific , with 578 million . • But the proportion of undernourished people remains highest in sub-Saharan Africa -- at 30 percent in 2010 , or 239 million .	Global hunger declines for the first time in 15 years 925 million people will still go hungry , according to U.N. More than 40 percent of the world 's hungry live in India and China Improving economies and drop in food prices contributed to drop
CNN  -- An environmentally-friendly surfboard has taken to the waves after five years in development . Surf 's up : Mark Harris tries out the Eden eco-surfboard . British profession surfer Mark "  Egor " Harris was one of the first to try the British-made board at Fistral beach in Cornwall , England , giving its performance and eco-credentials the thumbs up . "  It felt good and I can see these boards being popular with surfers . We spend a lot of time on the beach and in the sea and surfers have been campaigning to clean up the oceans for years . This board goes hand-in-hand with that philosophy , " said Harris . The surfboard has been in development in the south west of England for five years and is the culmination of a collaboration between the Eden Project gardens and biosphere and three local companies . Chris Hines , former sustainability director of the Eden Project and a lifelong surfer and committed environmentalist came up with the idea for the board when a balsa tree had to be taken down in the rainforest biome . "  I said , well , let 's make a completely sustainable surfboard , because I knew people who could laminate in hemp cloth and plant-based resin , so we went for it . It was a eureka moment : we thought , let 's really have a go , let 's really see what we can do , " he told CNN . Hines and the Eden Project team soon realized that balsa and hemp cloth were too heavy for commercially viable surfboards , but desire remained to produce a surfboard that reduces the reliance on petroleum chemicals and uses more sustainable materials . The Eden team worked with local company Homeblown to create a new type of foam core for the eco-board , 15 to 20 percent of which is made from plant derived material . Another local Cornish company , Sustainable Composites , developed a resin made almost entirely from linseed oil instead of oil-derived coatings , meaning over 50 percent of the final finished surfboards are made from renewable materials . Completing the use of local companies , the boards are being manufactured by surfboard shapers , Laminations . Junior British surfing champion Tassy Swallow is set to compete at the International Surfing Association World Junior Championships in Ecuador on a new Eden surfboard . "  It 's a really good board , it worked really well , " said Swallow after her first outing on the board . "  It feels a lot more buoyant in the nose which makes it easier to catch waves . It will really catch on when people realize that it 's as good as a regular board . "	New eco-surfboard made with over 50 percent renewable materials Developed by Eden Project in England in tandem with local companies Manufacturers hope it will appeal to surfers who are traditionally eco-conscious
CNN  -- Syria 's failure to respond to Friday 's deadline for it to allow Arab League observers into the country to monitor the government 's response to civil unrest moves the country a step closer to economic sanctions from its neighbors , a senior Arab League diplomat said . "  The Syrians responded with more requests to amendments to the protocol ; they did not reject or accept , " he said . The finance and economic ministers of the Arab League will meet Saturday to draft economic sanctions that will be discussed Sunday by the Arab League 's foreign ministers , said the diplomat , who did not want to be identified because of the sensitivity of the negotiations . These could include halting dealings with Syria 's central bank and airlines , the official said . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Syria risked international isolation if it continued on its present path -- and , that the bloodshed resulting from its crackdown on pro-democracy protests could not be tolerated . "  Syria has to make a decision , " he said in Istanbul alongside his Italian counterpart , Giulio Terzi . "  It will either continue this crackdown policy against its people and become isolated more and more , or it will say yes to this well-intentioned Arab League proposal , sign this protocol and observers will monitor the situation on the ground by going to all Syrian cities . " In New York , a representative of Ban Ki-moon said the U.N. secretary-general "  welcomes the efforts of the League of Arab States to end the bloodshed and promote a political solution " and urged Syrian authorities to agree to the league 's proposal to send an observer mission to protect civilians in Syria . Since March , protesters in cities across the country have been demanding al-Assad 's ouster and democratic elections . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said the move by Arab League diplomats meeting in Cairo was unprecedented . The league was rejected by the Syrian people as "  a tool for foreign interference , " it said . "  The sanctions include stopping air flights , trade exchanges and monetary dealings with the Syrian government and freezing its assets , which harms the interests of the Syrian people , " it reported . The 22-country Arab League suspended Syria from its membership this month after President Bashar al-Assad 's regime ignored demands to end its crackdown on citizens . Adding to the pressure on Damascus , the United Nations Committee Against Torture said Friday it is "  deeply concerned about gross and pervasive human rights violations in Syria , " which are allegedly taking place "  in a context of impunity . " "  Of particular concern are reports referring to children who have suffered torture and mutilation while detained ; as well as cases of extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions ; arbitrary detention by police forces and the military ; and enforced and involuntary disappearances , " said Claudio Grossman , who heads the expert panel . Reliable sources indicate the abuses "  are allegedly conducted under direct orders from public authorities , at their instigation or with their consent or acquiescence , " Grossman said . The committee has asked Syria to provide a special report by early March indicating it is abiding by its obligations under the U.N. Convention against Torture , to which Syria is a signatory . Earlier Friday , Moscow -- a historic ally of Damascus -- warned against international military intervention in Syria and described it as an "  absolutely unacceptable " solution to ending the government crackdown against protesters . Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said the Syrian people must be left to decide their own fate . Human rights issues should not be used as a justification for action by the West , he said . "  Under no circumstances must human rights issues be used as a pretext for interfering in the internal affairs of a state , in this particular instance , Syria , " Lukashevich said , quoted by the Russian news agency Interfax . "  A scenario involving military intervention in Syrian affairs is absolutely unacceptable for us . " Russia , a major arms supplier to Damascus , blocked a U.N. Security Council resolution last month that would have condemned the Syrian response to the demonstrators and called for an immediate end to the government clampdown on the opposition . It abstained from voting on another resolution that was passed Tuesday by a humanitarian committee of the United Nations ' General Assembly . Al-Assad has resisted mounting calls for his resignation in recent weeks as international outcry over the Syrian violence has intensified . He says his government is battling armed terrorist groups . The United Nations says more than 3,500 people have died in the course of an eight-month government crackdown on protests . Twenty-seven people died Friday , one of them a child , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria activist group said . More than 20,000 anti-government protesters gathered in the city of Dael as a child 's funeral was held , said the opposition group , which organizes and documents anti-government protests . Power , water and communications to the city had been cut , it reported . Another opposition group , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said there was heavy gunfire in the streets of Hama from military and security forces . In Daraa , weapons were fired outside mosques to prevent people demonstrating after Friday prayers , the group said . The LCC said at least 35 people died Thursday in clashes with security forces . CNN can not independently verify the reports because the government has restricted access to Syria by international journalists . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko in Moscow and Yesim Comert in Istanbul , and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy in Cairo contributed to this report .	Sanctions considered by the Arab League would hurt the Syrian people -- state media U.N. Committee Against Torture says it is deeply concerned by reports of torture of children Turkey 's foreign minister says Syria must choose between cooperation and isolation An Arab League deadline passes without a response from Syria , a diplomat says
CNN  -- The runner-up in Honduras ' presidential election says she will not recognize the outcome and is demanding a vote-by-vote recount . The strong allegations of fraud by Xiomara Castro , the wife of ousted former President Manuel Zelaya , raise the possibility of political unrest in the Central American country . The leftist candidate says her political party has uncovered evidence of fraud and vows to challenge the triumph of ruling party candidate Juan Orlando Hernandez . With 80 % of votes counted , electoral officials declared Hernandez the winner with more than 35 % of the vote , placing him six percentage points ahead of Castro . Castro had been mostly quiet since election night . Friday was her first public appearance since the vote . "  I am here , once again before you , to reiterate that we have found countless evidence of the disgusting monstrosity with which they are robbing the presidency from our people , " she said . International election observers have said there were some irregularities , but in general agreed that the elections were transparent . The U.S. State Department noted that the Organization of American States and European Union observers reported a clean election . "  We support the ongoing work of  electoral officials  and the political parties to finalize the results and resolve inconsistencies in a transparent manner and urge the Honduran people to continue to demonstrate their respect for rule of law and peaceful , democratic processes , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Castro said she would not back down from her challenge and accused the ruling party of rigging the system to help their candidate . "  We reject the legitimacy of any government that is the product of this suffocating assault , " she said . Following her husband 's ouster in a 2009 coup , Castro founded the Liberty and Refoundation Party  LIBRE  on a platform that carried on her husband 's projects and found herself at the top of some polls . A victory by Castro would have been a remarkable comeback for Zelaya back to the presidential palace , even as a first husband .	Electoral officials declared ruling party candidate Juan Hernandez winner But opposition candidate Xiomara Castro alleges fraud She wants a full recount to look for irregularities
Washington  CNN  -- The director of the Puerto Rico office for the federal housing agency has been indicted on 40 counts of corruption , federal prosecutors announced Thursday . He is accused of spending his time shopping and running errands for his family restaurant instead of working , they said . Michael Colón , director of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development office based in San Juan , Puerto Rico , was supposed to have been supervising 79 employees in the Caribbean , including the Virgin Islands , according to the U.S. attorney 's office for Puerto Rico . However , according to the federal indictment returned by a San Juan grand jury , Colón was not doing his job . "  The defendant claimed to have been working , when in truth and in fact he was doing non-work-related errands , including , among other things , shopping at Sam 's Club , Costco , and Ralph 's Food Warehouse to purchase groceries , " said a statement issued by U.S. Attorney Rosa Emilia Rodriguez Velez . She said the indictment alleges that for more than a year Colón routinely shopped and unloaded the groceries at a restaurant he owned until he recently sold it to his daughter . If convicted , Colón could face up to 20 years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 .	Michael Colón indicted on 40 counts of corruption , federal prosecutors announced Colón accused of shopping and running errands instead of working He faces up to 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- Some 100 probable asylum seekers have died in the past few weeks off Australian shores . But there 's no way of knowing exact numbers because the vessels on which these people perish do n't carry passenger logs . Still , the boats keep sailing to Australia with desperate people believing that after a period of incarceration they 'll begin new lives . Safe lives . And still , there appears to be no end in sight to the political stalemate between the ruling Labor government and its coalition opponents on how to stop the boats and the people smuggling trade that parlays human misery into cold hard cash . Detention facilities on Christmas Island , in the Indian Ocean , 2,600 km  1,615 miles  north west of Perth , are bursting beyond capacity as smugglers eye new destinations for their human cargo . 162 ` asylum seekers ' rescued by Australian Navy Cocos Island , an Australian territory midway between the Australian mainland and Sri Lanka , has recently seen an upsurge on boat arrivals . This presents a new and more daunting prospect for the immigration and border authorities to deal with -- a significantly enlarged area of ocean that it must now keep under surveillance . Making the dilemma more acute , those who land on Cocos Island will be transported to Christmas Island for processing . So critical is the problem , the Australian government is now asking ordinary Australians to help out by housing asylum seekers who have received health and security clearances and have been issued a bridging visa . If they so choose , these asylum seekers are placed with a family to await final clearance and that all important visa which will allow them to establish themselves in Australia and begin a new life . Australian vote keeps question mark over asylum seekers Host families receive a small stipend for their efforts . That , however , is not what has Australians opening their homes to people from such faraway countries and cultures . At least not Ben , a Sydney truck driver . He lives in the outer suburbs of the city with his family and has opened his home to Ali , a 21-year-old Afghan asylum seeker . "  These are people 's lives and they are good people . I like to think people would do the same for me , " he said . Which countries take in most refugees ? Ali , who has been in Ben 's care for the past six weeks while immigration authorities determine whether he will be granted permanent asylum , is anxious . His 46-year-old mother and two brothers are marooned in Pakistan , themselves waiting for Ali 's case to be determined , hoping for asylum in Pakistan or Australia . But though Pakistan does its bit to take in asylum seekers , Ali tells me this is not a preferred option for his family . Too close to Afghanistan . Too close to the feared Taliban . Too precarious , lest Pakistan tires of them and sends them home . "  The Taliban have a long memory , " he said . Ali 's family hail , generations back , from Mongolia . And this he tells me was the source of the persecution his family faced in Afghanistan . "  We look a bit different , " he said . Back home , in a small village in eastern Afghanistan , Ali was a tiler . His family owned several businesses -- a grocery store and a restaurant . They flourished in that small window of time during which the Taliban appeared to have been contained . As the Taliban slowly reasserted itself , Ali 's family felt its racist wrath . In late 2010 , Ali 's father was shot and killed by forces the young son identified as Taliban . Not long after , the same men caught up with Ali . His passport and identification papers were confiscated as he was bundled into a jeep and driven away . Friends who were with Ali at the time , but were later freed , alerted Afghan national police who gave chase . In an ensuing gunfight , several of the Taliban fighters were shot dead . Ali , his jaw broken in two places , managed to escape the jeep and ran for his life . But the Taliban fighters caught up with him . He was shot in the leg and passed out . When Ali woke , he was in a Pakistani hospital , driven 10 hours across the border by Afghan police who had deemed this a safer place than an Afghan hospital where the Taliban might find him . "  Very big problem to stay in hospital in Afghanistan . There were Taliban , " he said . Ali knew he could not return to his family in Afghanistan . He knew he would be hunted down and killed . His brothers too , knew that they had to escape . Quickly , they sold all the family possessions and what remained of their businesses in Afghanistan and with the money they reaped , they too fled across the border to Pakistan . Within weeks of his release from hospital , Ali had made contact with people smugglers -- "  mafia , " as he called them . He needed to get as far away from Afghanistan as possible . The Pakistani people smugglers told him they could help -- for US$ 17,000 . One month or so after paying the "  mafia , " Ali was flying to Bangkok en route to Indonesia , via Malaysia . From a small town in Indonesia , Ali and a cohort of 14 other Afghans were shuttled onto a rickety bus , to make their way via Jakarta , to a southern port . He ca n't name the port . No-one told him where he was being taken . Within days of arriving in Indonesia , their journey to "  who knows where " began . "  It was a big boat , very fast , " recalled Ali . "  There were 185 people on the boat -- men , women and children . "  There was nowhere to sleep , nothing to eat . Ca n't go underneath the boat because of the bad smell ... so we stayed on top of the boat . " Uncomfortable and frightening as it no doubt was , this was one of the lucky journeys : there had been no sign the seas might engulf the travelers and inflict the cruelty it has on so many who have set out for Australia . A full day later , as the boatload of human cargo approached Christmas Island on calm seas , they finally discovered how far from Afghanistan they were . Intercepted by Australian authorities just before reaching Christmas Island , the bewildered and desperate travelers must nonetheless have breathed a sigh of relief . Ali was questioned , albeit periodically , over a period of 10 months as he languished in detention centers on Christmas Island , Tasmania and in the Northern Territory capital of Darwin . Still , he counts himself as lucky . Other asylum seekers have spent years in detention . But on June 12 this year , the Australian government granted Ali a health and security clearance along with a bridging visa and the right to work whilst he awaits final clearance . His was offered the choice of a homestay with an Australian family , or going it alone , perhaps with the support of the Afghan community . His mother and brothers are also waiting . Ali speaks with them regularly on Skype : his uncle , they told him , had recently been shot and killed by the Taliban . Pakistan might allow his family to remain there but that 's not of much comfort to Ali . Would he ever see them again ? "  I had a friend who got asylum here and went back to visit his family in Pakistan but he was killed , " he said . "  And I am a wanted person . " If Australia allows him to stay , reuniting with his mother and brothers would be the final lucky break . And little of it thanks to Australia 's politicians who continue their squabbling and point-scoring . * All names have been altered in this story at the request of the subjects . Ali fears for the safety of his family in Pakistan .	Hundreds of potential asylum seekers risk lives trying to reach Australian territory by boat Many are feeling poverty and repression in countries such as Afghanistan and Pakistan With detention facilities full , Australian citizens are being asked to house some cases Ali , 21 , from Afghanistan is being hosted by a family near Sydney until his case is heard
CNN  -- Compare and contrast the economic plan Mitt Romney released in September with the speech he delivered Friday in Detroit . The plan was published as a downloadable e-book , introduced by a former chair of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , Columbia business school dean Glenn Hubbard . It was the product of heavy research and careful thought . The plan rejected further early tax cuts for high-income individuals , saying instead : "  We need taxes to pay for the operations of government . But they should be collected by a system that is simple and fair , and that causes the least possible disruption to the productive economy . "  While the entire tax code is in dire need of a fundamental overhaul , Mitt Romney believes in holding the line against increases in marginal tax rates . The goals that President Bush pursued in bringing rates down to their current level -- to spur economic growth , encourage savings and investment , and help struggling Americans make ends meet -- are just as important today as they were a decade ago . Letting them lapse , as President Obama promises to do in 2012 , is a step in precisely the wrong direction . If anything , the lower rates established by President Bush should be regarded as a directional marker on the road to more fundamental reform . "  Italics added . By contrast , the Detroit speech seems to have been written on the back of an envelope . The only thought that went into it was : How do we rev up the base so that we can win the next primaries ? Romney said : "  First , I will make an across-the-board , 20 % reduction in marginal individual income tax rates -LSB- tax brackets -RSB- . By reducing the tax on the next dollar of income earned by all taxpayers , we will encourage hard work , risk-taking , and productivity by allowing Americans to keep more of what they earn . "  The businesses that pay taxes through the individual income tax system account for more than half of all private sector jobs in the United States . So this tax cut will encourage businesses to hire , raise wages , and grow the economy . " No effort is made to corroborate these claims for the economic benefits of a further 20 % tax cut . Corroboration is not needed in a speech intended narrowly for the pre-convinced . But wait -- wo n't such a big tax cut , piled atop the previous commitment to renew the Bush tax cuts when they expire in 2013 , greatly add to the deficit ? Especially when joined to new promises to permanently abolish the Alternative Minimum Tax and estate tax ? How will the federal budget be balanced ? Not with cuts to current Medicare beneficiaries , the speech hastens to assure . "  Tax hikes are off the table , and there will be no change for those at or near retirement . " Medicare and Social Security reform will not begin until 2022 . Yet the tax cuts are supposed to go into effect right away . How to close the gap ? Growth , of course , will help . But mostly , the speech suggests that the gap will be closed with big cuts to programs for the poor , such as "  food stamps , housing subsidies , and job training . " What about the social costs of imposing such big cuts on a population that has by no means recovered from the economic catastrophe of 2008-2009 ? Do the numbers even add up ? One might cynically answer : Who cares ? The speech is not intended as policy . It 's intended to corral Republican primary voters . If Romney wins the election in November , that will be the time to think seriously about economic plans . Yet cynicism is not always as sophisticated as it thinks it is . However short-term the motivations behind it , Romney 's speech in Michigan will have heavy consequences for at least four reasons : • Even if the speech does not strictly qualify as a flip-flop , it does continue the pattern of Romney yielding under pressure from the GOP base . Winning candidates look for ways to demonstrate independence from party dogma . In 2008 , Barack Obama did it by praising Ronald Reagan and preaching the importance of fathers . George W. Bush did it with his October 1999 speech repudiating claims that the U.S. was "  slouching toward Gomorrah . " Bill Clinton of course had his Sister Souljah speech . Romney instead is following the Walter Mondale approach of knuckling his forehead to every interest group in the party . Each succeeding act of submission makes him look weaker . • Romney has now wholly identified himself as the candidate of the rich and the old . Nothing is to be asked from those over 55 . Much is to be given to upper-income earners . All the burden of fiscal adjustment is to be piled on the poor and the young . When Republicans invoke the memory of Ronald Reagan , they ought to remember how powerfully Reagan spoke to the aspirations of young Americans -- and how the support of young Americans in turn made the oldest of American presidents appear exciting to voters in every age group . Today 's Republican party goes out of its way to show contempt and hostility to the young -- an attitude that will have consequences for a long time to come . • It 's not impossible that Romney may win this election . If he does , he 'll find that his speech in Detroit surrendered the initiative for his first year in office to the Republicans in the House . They will want to pass the tax cut first . Romney has now endorsed it , so how can he say no ? They will want to do some version of the Paul Ryan budget next . Ditto . And whoosh , there goes his first year -- and all the priorities that his September plan and his own book suggested he regards as more important : tax reform , trade , etc. . Anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist will be proved right : Romney will have reduced himself to a signing machine for a government whose real power is centered in Capitol Hill . • If Medicare , Social Security and defense are off the table -- and if the rest of the government is not to be obliterated entirely -- then hopes of deficit reduction after Romney 's big tax cut will rest on the country zooming to Chinese levels of economic growth . What if that growth does not appear ? It 's one thing to incur dreadful deficits during the worst economic collapse since the Great Depression . The Romney plan threatens to institutionalize those deficits even during the period of recovery ahead . Compassionate conservatism has been dead for a long time . Romney 's Detroit speech cremated the remains . As a man , Romney remains far and away the most capable of the presidential candidates seeking the Republican nomination . But he has now finally eliminated the policy differences separating him from the radical congressional wing . If Romney should win the Republican nomination , moderate and independent voters nationwide will be forced to decide : If they vote for Romney , who is it they 're truly voting for ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Mitt Romney 's Friday speech flies in face of his economic plan Romney 's promise of more tax cuts could tie his hands if he is elected president Frum : If Medicare , Social Security changes ruled out until 2022 , budget deficits will grow He says Romney 's new idea will hurt the young and those hit hard by the recession
CNN  -- The Dutch-based finance and insurance group ING is cutting up to 7,000 staff in an effort to help save $ 1.4 billion . The Dutch financial giant ING is cutting up to 7,000 jobs this year in an effort to save $ 1.4 billion . It also announced Monday that CEO , Michel Tilmant , was stepping down . Tilmant will continue to serve ING as an adviser until his retirement in August , ING said in a statement . His designated replacement is Jan Hommen , currently chairman of ING 's supervisory board . Shareholders must still approve Hommen 's transition to CEO . In October , the Dutch government injected $ 13.4 billion into ING to shore the company caught in the global financial crisis .	Dutch-based finance and insurance group ING is cutting up to 7,000 staff Move part of effort to help save $ 1.4 billion over the next year It also announced Monday that CEO , Michel Tilmant , was stepping down .
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince George is now safely back home and tucked-up behind palace walls after taking his first tentative steps into a lifetime of public duties . In the end , he only officially appeared twice during the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's tour of New Zealand and Australia . First , at a play date in Wellington , then at Taronga Zoo in Sydney , but we also caught glimpses of him getting on and off planes . So what did we learn about this little monarch-in-waiting ? Well for a start , he is n't little . The other babies invited to the play date were all born within a few weeks of George and he was by far the biggest , and he 's quick . "  Very strong , very mobile , very happy , very active , " said Peter Howe , who was one of the parents invited to the event . Another described the prince as "  intrepid . " Gorgeous George The world could n't resist those chubby cheeks and social media was awash with the pictures with the word "  cute . " The British photographer who captured the images was James Whatling , also part of the close-up team at the zoo where George met a bilby . "  You could tell he 's more playful at the bilby event , " said Whatling . "  He 's not afraid . He 's very happy to play . He 's obviously at the cruising stage . He pulled himself up at the bilby enclosure , just to get a closer look and to try and stroke him . He looks strong , and I ca n't believe it will be very long until he starts to walk . " This is exactly the age when I remember my babies starting to transform and I could see that in George over the course of the three-week tour as well . If I compare the boy arriving in Wellington and to the one leaving the tour in Canberra , his "  Mohican " hairstyle was more pronounced and he looked older . Whatling , who was next to me at both airports , said : "  He 's transformed from a baby to a toddler in the course of a royal tour . " Grumpy George ? Newspapers and websites have been having fun with some of George 's faces . So is he really grumpy ? "  No , " says Whatling . "  He 's got lovely chubby cheeks and he 's full of expression . He 's obviously teething and that 'll make any toddler a little fractious . " Toddler George So when the royals waved goodbye to Australia , we also waved goodbye to "  Baby George . " The next time we see him , it 'll be the all new "  Toddler George " -- and I bet he wo n't be hanging around for long . READ MORE : "  Kate Effect : " Australia feels force of fashion READ MORE : Three pivotal pictures from the royal tour	British royals return after a three-week tour of Australia and New Zealand Prince George appeared officially only twice during trip but was a big hit Down Under CNN 's Max Foster says we 've seen the last of Baby George
CNN  -- Driving a lorry or a truck across the country is n't easy . In the United States , by law truckers have to take a break after 11 consecutive hours . In Britain , the maximum driving time is nine hours per day . But imagine a world where trucks drive through the night without ever stopping . There 's no need for a coffee break or a nap , and yet there are never any accidents . That 's because these trucks do n't actually have any drivers . The age of the driverless vehicle is upon us . Some famous names have been developing and testing prototypes with the aim of making them commercially viable . Google , a pioneer in the field , started its self-driving car project in 2009 and its autonomous vehicles completed 100,000 miles  about 161,000 kilometers  on public roads 18 months later . The United Kingdom recently allowed the vehicles on the road , joining California , Florida and Nevada in the United States in changing the laws to accommodate the new technology . Businesses stand to benefit in a multitude of ways , whether they are waiting for delivery of goods or for executives to arrive for meetings or conferences . Smoother traffic flow will make journey times more predictable and scheduling simple . Maintenance of a steady speed will reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions . And the "  drivers " -- if vehicles have them -- may carry out other tasks while traveling and arrive fresher . And it 's not chump change . For example , in Europe , 76 % of total goods traffic in 2011 were transported by road , according to the European Union . Daimler , the German car giant , says that , despite European roads becoming over-congested as the highway network has hardly grown in recent years , goods traffic is set to increase substantially in the coming years . The company is developing the Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025 with the promise that in a decade drivers of the vehicle will be "  transport managers " rather than truck drivers . "  We are facing completely new models for freight traffic , " said Prof. Sabina Jeschke , director of the faculty of information management in mechanical engineering at RWTH Aachen University in Germany . These new intelligent cars "  are able to initiate and organize their collection , transport and delivery at their destination . They are thus able to react flexibly to spontaneous situations like traffic jams or increased cargo volumes by negotiating new delivery times with each other or customers . " Under Daimler 's system , once driving at 80 kph  around 50 mph  on a highway , the driver will be prompted to activate the Highway Pilot that puts the truck in autonomous mode , leaving him or her free to pivot the seat 45 degrees . The driver will then have access to a center console "  in the style of an office workstation " and will be able to use a removable tablet touchscreen computer for other tasks such as sending invoices or completing tax returns , according to Daimler . Nissan successfully carried out its first public road test of the technology using its Leaf electric vehicle on a highway southwest of Tokyo last November . Carlos Ghosn , the chief executive of Nissan , said recently that innovations to ease congestion and emissions are badly needed due to the increasing number of "  global mega-cities . " Nissan is making progress on an autonomous car in both Japan and France , where the government recently authorized testing with a view to opening French roads to the vehicles by 2020 . The Japanese carmaker has been working with universities including MIT , Stanford and Oxford . It says around 90 % of road accidents are currently caused by human error . Under its system , drivers remain at the wheel but the vehicle can automatically steer , brake , accelerate , change lanes , merge into traffic and maintain a safe distance from other vehicles . "  At the moment lorry drivers need to stop every four hours , " under British laws for rest breaks , said Prof. Will Stewart of the University of Southampton 's Optoelectronics Research Center , " but driverless trucks can go 24 hours a day . " Driverless technology could help companies reliant on the roads in much the same way as unmanned drones like those tested by Amazon and Google 's solar-powered Titan Aerospace unit hold the promise to speed up deliveries by air . But there are some other considerable obstacles to overcome , including extensive legal issues . For example , does a driver have to be in a driverless car -- just in case ? An amendment to the U.N. Convention on Road Traffic was agreed to allow a car to drive itself so long as the driver is present and able to take the wheel and the system "  can be overridden or switched off by the driver , " according to the consultancy SBD . A lack of standardized technology is a concern , as are issues of public and private responsibility . Britain 's Department for Transport review is currently inviting submissions up to September in order to establish regulatory , safety and social obstacles to the testing of self-driving cars on public roads -- and how they can be removed . Such consultations may help to clear up the ethical conundrum of whether man or machine is responsible for accidents . And if the technology is to realize its full potential , large numbers of vehicles must be able to communicate with each other and with computers integrated into the roads . But there is mounting evidence to suggest that within a decade or so , it will be commonplace for the average person to drive past a heavy-goods lorry with no-one at the wheel - and be perfectly comfortable with that . Market research company Frost & Sullivan reckons that by 2030 , more than 40 % of all vehicles in Europe are likely to be equipped with driverless car technology . Quite what this means for the humble roadside truck stop remains to be seen . WATCH : Driverless cars could let you sleep READ MORE : Google 's new car : no driver , and no steering wheel WATCH : Keeping up with the technology boom	Vehicles being developed that can automatically steer , brake , accelerate , and change lanes Google , Daimler and Nissan are a few of the firms testing this technology Driverless trucks could aid businesses by running around the clock
Tuesday is Election Day in the United States , and although the mostly state and local races wo n't stir the same passions as next year 's presidential contest , millions of people will cast ballots . They 'll do it in much the same way that Americans have for centuries : by showing up at a polling place and ticking off boxes for their candidates of choice . All of which raises the question : In an era when virtually every daily task can be done on the Internet , why ca n't we vote online , too ? The answer depends on whom you ask . Advocates say the time is right to seriously consider letting voters cast a ballot from the comfort of their homes or even on the screens of their mobile phones . "  We 've voted the way we have for the past 200 years because we could n't do any better than that , " said Rob Weber , a former IT professional at IBM who runs the blog Cyber the Vote . "  Now , we have this technology that has revolutionized the rest of our lives ...  and  can revolutionize our voting system and could revolutionize our political system . " A recipe for chaos ? But critics , many of them in the cybersecurity world , argue that letting people cast votes from their home computers is a recipe for chaos . "  My position has n't changed over the years , " said Avi Rubin , a professor of computer science at Johns Hopkins University who specializes in computer security . "  Which is that online voting is a very unsafe idea and a very bad idea and something I think no technological breakthrough I can foresee can ever change . " Rubin said that , in addition to politically motivated reasons for attempting to corrupt online votes , many hackers with no real political agenda could still see the challenge of tinkering with an election too attractive to pass up . "  People 's computers are not getting more secure , " Rubin said . "  They 're getting more infected with viruses . They 're getting more under the control of malware . " Canada and Estonia Other countries , though , have gone further down the road toward online voting than U.S. election officials have . Canada has been near the forefront . In all , 80 Canadian cities and towns have experimented with Internet voting in municipal elections . The town of Markham , in Ontario , has offered online ballots in local elections since 2003 . An independent report by digital-strategy firm Delvinia showed that early voting increased 300 % the first year Internet voting was allowed . Twenty-five percent of the people who voted online in 2003 said they did n't vote in the prior local election , and overall turnout rose nearly 10 % from 2006 to 2010 , according to the report . "  Not only is Markham a perfect example of how internet voting is being successfully implemented in a binding election ; with other municipalities following suit , Canada is becoming a global leader in the implementation of Internet voting , " the report read . Sweden , Latvia and Switzerland are among the countries that have tested Internet voting . But when it comes to national elections , Estonia is the clear leader . The tiny Baltic nation  its population of 1.3 million is roughly the size of San Diego  has allowed online voting for all of its citizens since 2007 . In this year 's election , nearly one in four votes was cast online , according to its elections commission . Risks and rewards Priit Vinkel , an adviser to Estonia 's National Electoral Committee , said security is of the utmost concern . "  Internet voting relies basically on a single factor : trust , " Vinkel said . "  Building and stabilizing this trust is the most important but also the most difficult task of the state . " In Estonia , that security includes a national ID card that can be used remotely and a voting system built to recognize unusual activity , Vrinkel said . He said security officials have detected no serious attempts to tamper with the votes . But , in Rubin 's mind , that 's not enough . He says the Internet 's known security risks alone could be enough to call an election 's results into question . "  In any election , it 's important that the public perceive that the election is held fairly , " Rubin said . "  If you allow online voting and you 're unable to detect any fraud , but it turns out later that many computers were compromised ... there 's no way to audit or backtrack or recount or do anything to figure out what actually happened . "  The real question is whether you 're interested in providing more questions about the outcome of an election or less . " Weber , who writes his blog from New York , acknowledges the difficulties but says they should n't be enough to stop progress on Internet voting -- which he and others believe will increase participation , particularly among younger voters . "  If there are concerns about any of this , the answer is to further work on those concerns , not declare that the Internet is entirely dangerous and will always be entirely dangerous , and you can never trust it , " he said . He notes that trillions of dollars have been moved around via online banking and that functions as sensitive as air-traffic control take place on the Internet . He also said that for critics to hold up the current U.S. voting system as a model of safety is laughable . "  Machines , memory cards , even things on paper " can be manipulated , he said . "  How many times in our history have we found a box of ballots in someone 's garage a couple of weeks after an election ? " Experimental efforts Experts do n't expect widespread voting by Internet to take hold in the U.S. anytime soon . But there have been some fledgling efforts at testing it . In the early 2000s , the U.S. military began testing the Secure Electronic Registration and Voting Experiment , which would have let service members stationed overseas vote online . But it was scrapped by the Pentagon after its studies suggested security risks . As recently as last year , West Virginia experimented with allowing a small number of military members from five counties to vote online , although that pilot program was criticized by some security experts . West Virginia 's Secretary of State Natalie Tennant has appeared to back away from pushing to make it statewide .	Online voting has been tested worldwide but not much in the United States Security analysts say too many risks exist on the Internet to make voting practical Advocates argue banking , bill-paying are already common online In Estonia , people have voted online since 2007 with no known security breaches
CNN  -- The latest piece in Banksy 's monthlong street art residency in New York went up for online auction Tuesday with a starting minimum bid of $ 74,000 . The famously anonymous British graffiti artist 's website describes it as "  The banality of the banality of evil , Oil on oil on canvas , 2013 , " and "  a thrift store painting vandalized then re-donated to the thrift store . " The painting depicts a countryside landscape featuring a large lake , trees with autumn colors , and snowy mountains in the background . The one outlier is an officer on a bench in the foreground with what appears to be a Nazi symbol stitched to his right sleeve . The painting was dropped off at the Housing Works auction shop in New York 's Gramercy area on Tuesday morning by an anonymous person , according to James Barnes , a Housing Works sales associate . "  It was by surprise , " Barnes said , "  We just found out a couple of hours ago that it was actually a Banksy painting . " Every day this month , Banksy has been unveiling new works of art around New York . The works are then announced on his website and posted to Instagram . Many of the surprise exhibits follow his signature street-art style : stencils spray-painted on streets , walls and under bridges . The online auction began on Tuesday and bidding will end at 8 p.m. on October 31 . As of Tuesday evening the leading bid was more than $ 157,000 from a total of 37 bids , according to the auction site . Banksy 's reputation was made on the streets of London , and he seems to have made his art all over , from New Orleans on the third anniversary of Hurricane Katrina to the West Bank . But until the end of the month , the politically charged , controversial graffiti artist is expected to remain in New York . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Banksy is British graffiti artist working in New York this month A painting of his appeared at a thrift shop on Tuesday morning Painting is being auctioned ; bidding was at $ 157,200 Tuesday night
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo as rebel troops attacked government forces in the area , the U.N. refugee agency said . Refugees move along a road Tuesday in Mugunga , near Goma , in the Democratic Republic of Congo . A press release from the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . Roads to Goma , about 10 miles from the camps , were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting , the UNHCR reported . Torrential rain made the movement even more difficult . "  The main road toward Sake was crowded with people ; we had difficulties getting through , " UNHCR field safety adviser Pierre Nazroo was quoted as saying in the agency 's release . "  Internally displaced people are moving from site to site , direction Goma . " UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond said , "  They have been living in extremely difficult conditions anyway . Now they have nothing but what they can carry . " Redmond added , "  These are people in poor health ; they are soaking wet because of the torrential downpours . They need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . " While the Congolese government accused troops under rebel general Laurent Nkunda of staging the attack , a Nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the Integrated Regional Information Networks , a U.N.-affiliated news service . The spokesman , Bwambale Kakolele , said Rwandan Hutu rebels who also operate in the area were behind the attack , that report said . A spokesman for the U.N. military mission in the Congo said it was uncertain which group attacked the Congo army outpost near the village of Kishangazi , according to the U.N.-affiliated news service . "  We think it could have been insurgents close to Nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -LSB- Rwandan rebels -RSB- , " spokesman Col. Pierre Cherayron was quoted as saying . The UNHCR identified the affected camps as Mugunga I , Mugunga II , Lac Vert and Bulengo , saying about 28,000 had abandoned the first three camps and about 2,000 had left Bulengo . The UNHCR said 375,000 Congolese in North Kivu province have been forced from their homes in the past year . In the past two months alone , 160,000 have fled their homes amid the fighting between renegade troops and government forces , the agency said . North Kivu is in eastern Congo near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda . Congolese President Joseph Kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under Nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the International Crisis Group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Congo rebels blame Rwandan Hutus for attack , report says Internally displaced Congolese flee as rebels attack government troops Torrential rain makes refugee movement difficult U.N. refugee agency : Some 375,000 have been forced from homes in past year
CNN  -- President Bush is "  a disgrace , frankly , " film director Oliver Stone said Wednesday , two days before the release of his biopic on the 43rd U.S. president . Director Oliver Stone says he believes the timing was right for his upcoming film , "  W. " Stone , who has endorsed Democratic Sen. Barack Obama for president , seems to thrive on controversy , and his latest foray into filmmaking , "  W. , " will likely hold true to form . In an interview with CNN 's Kiran Chetry , Stone discussed the rationale behind the release date , his troubles securing financing for the film , and why he thinks President Bush 's relationship with his father , President George H.W. Bush , played a role in the decision to invade Iraq . Kiran Chetry : We had a chance to see the screening of this movie and I want to ask you a little bit about the timing . This is coming out three weeks before our 2008 presidential election . Why did you want to it come out now ? Oliver Stone : Those events are beyond my control . We made the movie as fast as we could starting last May . If I could n't have completed it , it would have come out in January perhaps for the inauguration . It 's not about this election . It 's about the last eight years with one man , George W. Bush . It 's his story , how he became the man that he is , how we elected him -- basically , if you start to think about it , where we are now as a country . Watch Stone discuss why he finds Bush "  fascinating " " Chetry : Is it an anti-war movie ? Stone : Of course it 's an anti-war movie , because I happen to be an anti-war person . That 's not to say I 'm a pacifist . I believe you fight for the right reasons . This man has us in three wars right now -- Iraq , Afghanistan , and basically , the war on terror . We have a foreign policy which is a very preventive one , a pre-emptive one . It 's a Bush doctrine . It 's a very dangerous place . Whoever wins the election , Obama or McCain , I think is going to live in the shadow of the events of these last eight years . This man ... will be around , his influence will be felt for 20 years , 40 years . Chetry : What did you want viewers of your movie to come away with ? Stone : ... I ca n't control that . We made the movie to make people think , to make themselves feel , to walk in the shoes of George Bush and to understand him . This is not a job done with malice . This is a fair portrait of the man . I think it 's empathetic . You care for him and your feelings for him . An activist said , "  I never thought I could feel something for George Bush . I came out of this movie feeling compassionate for him , and even more important , feeling compassion for our country and where we are now . " Chetry : You had trouble getting financing because people felt it was too , I guess , sympathetic for the president . Stone : Not for that reason . No , I think that the issues that we had with the American corporations were essentially that it was an inconvenient subject . They thought , he 's gone from office , and they do n't want to know , and he 's controversial , and blah , blah , blah . These are corporations -- large corporations . They 're not going to take risks like this . So , the movie business you 've got to make movies with risks , and unfortunately , America 's moving away from that in all forms , not just movies . Chetry : It 's very interesting . You had a soliloquy , a great monologue , by the character playing Vice President Dick Cheney ... about the rationale for Iraq . It was very detailed and it 's safe to say you did n't have Dick Cheney 's cooperation . Where did you compile some of these scenes , some of these dialogues from those scenes ? Stone : -LSB- Writer -RSB- Stanley Weiser and myself did a lot of research . There 's not much known about the first -LSB- George W. -RSB- Bush administration , the first few years . It 's coming out gradually from -LSB- "  Price of Loyalty " author Ron -RSB- Suskind and -LSB- "  The Bush Tragedy " author Jacob -RSB- Weisburg , and it 's coming out gradually . We 're finding out about oil and the secret meeting . It is supposition . There are geopolitics involved . There are other issues at stake . We 're trying to do justice . We allowed Cheney to speak for himself and -LSB- former Defense Secretary Donald -RSB- Rumsfeld to speak for himself . And -LSB- former Secretary of State Colin -RSB- Powell , by the way , is the guy that argues with Cheney in that scene . iReport.com : Will you see ` W. ' ? Chetry : You say President Bush changed the world . Is it something you believe is permanent ? Stone : Put it this way : We have practically an $ 800 billion Pentagon budget every year . That 's a huge amount -- the amount of the bailout right there . Are we going to be in a state of reaction in force for everything that happens ? Is it an us-versus-them foreign policy ? Of course , I 'm very concerned about the Constitution and about the stripping of liberties , torture , Guantanamo . Do you want the whole list ? This guy ... he 's a disgrace , frankly . And his legacy is going to be a hard one to live down . But I hope we take steps in the positive direction . And I am an optimist . Chetry : Variety 's review said Oliver Stone 's "  W. " feels like a rough draft , that it may behoove to make in 10 or 15 years . They say it lacks an ending because we do n't have time as perspective . Did we need some more time ? Stone : I think the film is quite satisfying in that it shows you the marks for Iraq . It ends at the moment he goes to war . We know how things turn out . It 's not a film about those eight years . It 's a film about the character of a man . There 's a first act when he 's in his 20s , a second act in his 40s and the third act when he 's in his mid-50s . It 's a character study and we get to the place at which we know the way he 's going to behave . It 's a father-son story because a lot of his actions are motivated by , let 's call it , rivalry to be stronger than his father . And that 's part of the reason he goes to Iraq .	Director insists "  W. " presents "  a fair portrait of the man , " is empathetic Bush 's "  rivalry to be stronger than his father " helped prompt Iraq war , Stone says Stone says he is anti-war , has concerns about torture , "  stripping of liberties " "  W. , " a biopic of President Bush , hits theaters Friday
CNN  -- The FBI is mourning the deaths of two special agents killed Friday during a training exercise off the coast of Virginia Beach , Virginia . The agents , Christopher Lorek and Stephen Shaw , were assigned to the FBI 's Critical Incident Response Group . The FBI said the cause of the incident is under review . "  We mourn the loss of two brave and courageous men , " FBI Director Robert S. Mueller said in a statement issued Sunday . "  Like all who serve on the Hostage Rescue Team , they accept the highest risk each and every day , when training and on operational missions , to keep our nation safe . Our hearts are with their wives , children , and other loved ones who feel their loss most deeply . And they will always be part of the FBI Family . " A law enforcement official said the agents were killed while training to use a rope for landing on a ship from a helicopter . The official said the helicopter encountered weather difficulties and the agents fell into the water rather than making a landing on the ship . The official believed winds were a factor but did not know if it was raining at the time . The official said the agents died as a result of the impact rather than drowning . The accident took place about 12 nautical miles off shore , the official said . Special Agent Lorek , age 41 , joined the FBI in 1996 . He is survived by his wife and two daughters , ages 11 and 8 . Special Agent Shaw , 40 , joined the FBI in 2005 and is survived by his wife ; a daughter , age 3 ; and a son , age 1 . The Hostage Rescue Team is part of the Tactical Support Branch of the FBI 's Critical Incident Response Group . It is based at the FBI Academy in Quantico , Virginia . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : The two agents were training to use a rope for landing on a ship from helicopter NEW : The agents fell into the water during weather difficulties , the official says The agents were assigned to the Critical Incident Response Group The incident occurred off Virginia Beach , Virginia , on Friday
CNN  -- Could wild beach parties fueled by spring break tourism from the United States be in Cuba 's future ? They might be if Sen. Jeff Flake has anything to say about it . The Arizona Republican weighed in on the issue during Sen. John Kerry 's secretary of state confirmation hearing on Thursday . "  I 've often felt that if we want a real get-tough policy with the Castro brothers , " Flake said , "  we should force them to deal with spring break once or twice . " Flake said there was a serious message behind his quip . "  The best way to foster change and progress toward democracy is to allow travel , free travel of Americans , to let them go as they wish , " he said . Later in Thursday 's hearing , another lawmaker said U.S. policy toward Cuba is no laughing matter . "  To suggest that spring break is a form of torture to the Castro regime , unfortunately , they are experts of torture as evidenced by the increasing brutal crackdown on peaceful democracy advocates on the island , " said Sen. Robert Menendez , a New Jersey Democrat and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Human rights organizations have repeatedly criticized the Cuban government 's handling of dissidents . But Cuban officials told the United Nations last year that the revolution that brought Fidel Castro to power also put an end to authorities ' use of torture . After Castro took power in 1959 , Cuba went from being a favorite getaway for Americans to a forbidden destination . Diplomatic relations and direct travel between the United States and Cuba were cut off . U.S. citizens spending money on the island faced hefty fines for "  trading with the enemy . " While a decades-long trade embargo remains in place , travel is one part of the U.S. policy toward Cuba that has changed in recent years . The Obama administration has reinstituted legal travel to Cuba as a way to reach out to the Cuban people . Under the U.S. Treasury 's "  people to people " travel guidelines , tour operators have to plan nearly every moment of the trip , and "  people-to-people " travel , at least in theory , excludes relaxing by the pool with umbrella-topped beverages . The relaxed travel restrictions are a good step , said Flake , who has long opposed the U.S. trade embargo and limits on travel to Cuba . But he encouraged Kerry to push for more travel opportunities for Americans in the island nation . "  I do n't think that that 's a weakness or any capitulation at all , " he said . "  I think it 's a way to show strength . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	Sen. Jeff Flake : Dealing with spring break would be "  a real get-tough policy " for Cuba Travel is "  the best way to foster change and progress toward democracy " Sen. Robert Menendez says the U.S. policy toward Cuba is no laughing matter There is an "  increasing brutal crackdown on peaceful democracy advocates on the island , " he says
CNN  -- When South Africans open their wallets , they will be greeted by images of a smiling Nelson Mandela in various denominations . This week , the nation launched banknotes featuring a picture of the former president and anti-apartheid icon on the front . The back of the banknotes retains images of the Big Five animals . Big Five -- lion , buffalo , elephant , rhino and leopard -- refer to the most celebrated animals in African game reserves . "  Our currency is a unique symbol of our nationhood , with many of us handling banknotes every day , " said Gill Marcus , the Reserve Bank governor . "  The Reserve Bank is proud to be able to honor South Africa 's struggle icon and first democratically elected president in this way . " Before the launch , a public awareness campaign helped familiarize citizens with the new bills , Marcus said in a statement . Mandela , a Nobel peace laureate , spent 27 years in prison for fighting against racial segregation in South Africa . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed from prison . Though he has not appeared in public for years , he retains popularity for his role in reconciling a country torn apart by apartheid . The new 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 and 200 rand banknotes will co-exist with the current bills as legal tender .	Banknotes featuring a picture of the former president go into circulation The new banknotes will co-exist with the current bills as legal tender Mandela spent 27 years in prison for fighting against racial segregation
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Security forces patrolled the streets of the eastern Pakistan city of Gojra on Sunday , one day after seven people were killed and 20 injured when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , authorities said . Pakistani human rights activists in Lahore protest on Saturday over the anti-Christian violence in Gojra village . Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday , and held a rally to protest such an act . The Quran is the Muslim sacred text . Shehbaz Bhatti , federal minister for minorities , told CNN that four women , two men and a child , all Christians , were either killed when their houses were burned or were shot to death . Some 50 houses were burned down and more than 100 were looted by the protesters , Bhatti said . The incident occurred in Gojra City , 160 kilometers or around 100 miles southwest of Lahore . No violence was reported Sunday , Punjab Provisional Minister Rana Sana Ullah told CNN . There was a demonstration by about a thousand Christians who refused to bury their dead until the government registered a criminal case against those they alleged to have carried out the attacks . The government would register a criminal case , Sana Ullah said . Registering a case means a criminal investigation will be opened . Sana Ullah added that the government strongly condemned the incident . He said the attack was not a sectarian issue , but rather terrorism . He blamed the incident on attackers with ties to militants in Northwest Pakistan , where the government is carrying out an offensive against Taliban groups . On Thursday , 15 Christian houses in the region were also torched . Pakistan is predominantly Muslim but has a small Christian community . Meanwhile , police in Islamabad reported the Friday arrest of an al Qaeda member thought to be involved in several attacks . Bin Yamin , a senior police official in Islamabad , identified the militant as Rao Shakir Ali . He is suspected of being involved in strikes on several targets , such as the Danish Embassy , police and a hotel , and is also suspected of targeting a rally for Chief Justice Iftikhar Chauhdary , authorities said . The suspect is a resident of Sargodha , which is 165 kilometers  more than 100 miles  northwest of Lahore and has a house in Rawalpindi that has been used to facilitate insurgent acts , police said . CNN 's Tim Schwarz and Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Fighting broke out as Muslims torched 40 to 50 houses in Christian enclave Muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding Muslims burned 15 Christian homes on Thursday Pakistan predominantly Muslim , but has a small Christian community
Financial Times  -- The eastern Chinese city of Wenzhou produces more cigarette lighters and spectacles than anywhere on earth , and has long been seen as an economic trend-setter for the entire country . So reports that dozens of factory owners in the city have absconded in recent weeks , leaving workers unpaid and mountains of debt , are seen by some as an ominous sign for the national economy . Slowing global demand for cheap Chinese exports , rising production costs and unsustainable levels of debt have combined to crush some of the country 's most savvy entrepreneurs . In one tragic case , the owner of a Wenzhou shoe factory who owed more than Rmb400m  $ 63m  committed suicide three weeks ago . More than 90 other bosses have run away , according to state media . Trade fluctuations in China , the world 's leading exporter , are often seen as indicators of the health of the global economy -- and for some bearish investors , Wenzhou 's problems are a sign that a hard landing is imminent for the nation . This is a dire prospect for the global economy at a time when most of the developed world is facing the likelihood of renewed recession . In fact , the city 's troubles are un-likely to trigger a drastic nationwide crash any time soon ; most analysts believe China is on track for just a gradual slowdown in coming months . But events in that city do represent a crucial turning point for the nation . "  What 's happening in Wenzhou is a reflection of the current Chinese model coming to an end , " says Huang Yiping of Barclays Capital about the country 's export-led , investment-driven growth paradigm . "  China 's economic success over the last 30 years has been built on cheap capital , cheap labour , cheap energy and cheap land but this has now produced huge imbalances and inefficiencies that are causing more and more problems . " The change will affect not just inhabitants of the world 's most populous nation , where growth averaging 10 per cent a year for the past three decades has lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty . It also heralds a structural change that will affect western businesses and consumers long used to ever cheaper Chinese goods . In addition , the shift will hit exporters in both developed and emerging economies that are increasingly reliant on China 's appetite for raw materials to feed its investment and construction boom , which shows signs of running out of steam . China 's economic miracle began in 1978 , when the Communist party launched market-oriented reforms granting farmers limited property rights and permission to sell anything they produced in excess of state quotas . This led to soaring agricultural productivity and rural incomes . It was followed by reforms encouraging mass migration , industrialisation and investment in a manufacturing sector that became known as the workshop for the world . In 1990 , income per capita was 30 per cent lower than the average for sub-Saharan Africa . Today , at more than $ 4,000 , it is three times greater , according to World Bank data . The unbeatable "  China price " that attracted investors and buyers from all over the world was predicated on an endless supply of cheap , pliant labour ; virtually free land ; cheap and easy credit from state-owned banks ; and heavily suppressed costs for inputs such as power and water . But having drastically raised the living standards of almost a fifth of humanity , the formula is increasingly seen as defunct , and a contributor to serious problems including environmental degradation and rapidly rising social inequality . "  The drivers of China 's meteoric rise are on the wane , " says Robert Zoellick , World Bank president . "  Resources have largely shifted from agriculture to industry ; as the labour force shrinks and the population ages , there are fewer workers to support retirees ; and productivity increases are on the decline . " With its world-class infrastructure and existing domestic and international supply chains , China will remain a global manufacturing base for some time to come . But minimum wages are rising more than 20 per cent a year in many areas , and land is increasingly scarce and expensive . In addition , the government is reducing the supply of cheap credit and has moved to liberalise prices for energy and other utilities . Meanwhile , the flood of investment in new factories , roads , airports and housing estates that has been the main driver of growth looks increasingly unsustainable . Back in Wenzhou , Xu Chuan , general manager of Xinhua Soft Packing , says times are tough . The business , which makes products from plastic bottles to zips , has been squeezed by rising costs and a lack of workers willing to take wages considered generous just a couple of years ago . "  We are making much less money than before and in-put price rises are so serious it is hard to find many companies that are making money these days , " Mr Xu says . His predicament is partly a result of demographics . Many experts believe China 's working-age population has already peaked and will decline in coming years , a trend exacerbated by the three-decade-old one-child policy . It is also partly the price of success for the country 's meteoric economic rise , which is lifting the prices of almost everything and shrinking the pool of impoverished workers willing to toil in factories or on construction sites for a pittance . The country 's leadership is well aware of the distortions that have built up in the economy ; and freely acknowledges time is running out for a model that has served it so well . "  China suffers a serious lack of balance , co-ordination and sustainability in its development , " President Hu Jintao said in a recent speech . "  We must accelerate strategic adjustment of the economic structure , scientific and technological progress and innovation , and the building of a resource-conserving and environmentally friendly society . " Beijing 's latest five-year plan , which runs from 2011 until 2015 , is packed full of vows to increase domestic consumption and wean the economy off its reliance on exports and particularly investment . But leaders have been talking for more than a decade about achieving these goals , and in fact the reverse has occurred . Consumption fell from about 45 per cent of gross domestic product in the late 1990s to an unusually low 33 per cent last year . Investment has hit a global high of 50 per cent of GDP . "  When reforms began 30 years ago , the investment rate was around 25 per cent of GDP and the economy grew at around 10 per cent a year , but now we are investing half of GDP for the same rate of growth ; that tells you something about capital efficiency , " says Mr Huang of Barclays Capital . An involuntary shift from the old model appeared possible when the global financial crisis erupted in the west in 2008 , triggering a collapse in global demand for Chinese exports , which fell by more than a third in the year to March 2009 . Thousands of factories closed and more than 23m migrant workers poured out of cities such as Wenzhou . In response , Beijing launched an economic stimulus package described by some economists as the biggest monetary and fiscal easing in history as it sought to cushion the blow to exporters . State-controlled banks were ordered to flood the economy with cash and local officials told to ramp up investment to jump-start growth . The result was a surge in credit-fuelled investment , particularly in residential property . In cities across the country , the results can be seen in forests of half-built apartment blocks , stadiums and convention centres . To the rest of the world , the stimulus appeared an unqualified success , pushing headline GDP growth rates back up into double digits and stoking Chinese demand for imports , especially of natural resources . But the reliance on debt and investment accentuated all the distortions Beijing had already identified in its growth model -- and added the prospect of a serious property bubble . Most analysts agree China 's economy , now the second largest , is today less healthy and more imbalanced than before the crisis , and even more reliant on investment , particularly in property and infrastructure . "  It 's as if the economy ballooned in weight by eating too much in the way of resources and becoming obese , " says Derek Scissors of the Heritage Foundation , a Washington-based think-tank . While the model may be coming to an end , most economists believe China remains on track for a soft landing in coming months as growth moderates . GDP figures for the third quarter , due out on Tuesday , are likely to show annual growth that remains above 9 per cent . Even if a severe slump were to hit , Beijing would still have the option of loosening monetary policy to revive the economy in the short term , and re-versing steps to cool the red-hot property market and rein in credit made available by the stimulus package . But there is unlikely to be a return to the boom years of the previous decade , when inflation remained dormant as GDP rose . Instead , growth will probably be 8 per cent or less , accompanied by persistent price rises -- HSBC predicts average consumer inflation of 5 per cent from 2011 to 2015 , compared with 2 per cent from 2001 to 2010 . And now that China is the global production capital for so many of the world 's manufactured goods , enduring Chinese inflation will mean higher prices for consumers the world over . Beijing has identified the action it needs to take -- but many analysts believe it must do far more to hasten economic rebalancing towards consumption than its current efforts to provide better social services , build subsidised apartment blocks and encourage minimum wage increases . "  China has limited time to effect a radical political and economic shift , " according to George Magnus of UBS Investment Bank . "  If this shift does n't start in earnest soon , the Chinese economy will succumb to a credit and investment bust from which significantly slower growth would follow , and this will be especially sensitive in a China where incidents of social unrest are increasing significantly in number , intensity and breadth . " © The Financial Times Limited 2011	Manufacturing hurt by slowing demand for cheap Chinese goods , rising costs and debt "  China suffers a serious lack of balance , co-ordination and sustainability in its development , " said Hu Jintao Economists believe China remains on track for a soft landing as growth moderates There is unlikely to be a return to the boom years of the previous decade
RAMALLAH , West Bank  CNN  -- The harsh reality of life and death in Gaza is a common theme for Palestinian filmmakers . A still from "  Fatenah , " the first commerical animation to come out of the Palestinian Territories . But it was the 2004 death of a young Palestinian woman -- not at the hands of a militant attack or an Israeli incursion -- that struck a note with two filmmakers . Their animated film , "  Fatenah , " is inspired by her struggle with breast cancer , which is still a sensitive subject in the Palestinian territories . "  The amount of trouble she has to go to just to survive , you feel somehow committed to be part of that project , it is so strong and so emotional , " director Ahmad Habash told CNN . Fatenah , which tells the fictional story of a young seamstress from a Gaza refugee camp , is the first commercial Palestinian animation film ever made . The heart-wrenching tale follows Fatenah 's pain and humiliation as she struggles to leave Gaza for treatment after finding few Palestinian doctors willing to help . At first , one doctor suggests she loosen her bra , while another says her condition will probably go away once she marries . It takes six months for Palestinian doctors to treat her concerns seriously and diagnose her with breast cancer . Fatenah becomes tied up in Israeli and Palestinian bureaucracy , denied treatment until it is too late . It is a devastating tale that Habash said is not unique . "  The Shata refugee camp , which exists in Gaza ... represents any refugee camp and -LSB- Fatenah -RSB- could be any woman , " he said . "  The story could happen again . " The film 's executive producer Saed Andoni said it was a gamble telling such a tragic story using animation . But he believes that bet has paid off . "  I think the animation has softened the harshness of the topic , " he said . "  Breast cancer and illness and death and Gaza and the siege , it 's all heavy stuff , it 's all harsh stuff . Put it in an animation style , give it a new dimension , give it a new perspective . " At a screening in the West Bank city of Ramallah , audience members wept after hearing Fatenah 's story , saying they related to her plight . One scene shows Fatenah checking her breast for lumps . The filmmakers hope this will help to break down barriers around a subject that is still very hidden in the region . "  It 's very taboo to speak about the woman 's body in Palestinian society , but in the film it happens and nobody criticizes and nobody says anything about it , " Andoni said . "  They accept it . " The film breaks new ground by dealing with matters often swept under the carpet in Palestinian society . Andoni said the film 's greatest endorsement came from the father of the woman whose real-life story inspired the film . The woman 's father said he cried when he watched it . "  It 's a very human story and if it can touch the real family , it is a great moment , " Andoni said .	Young Palestinian 's death from breast cancer inspires first commercial animation "  Fatenah " is based on life of Gaza seamstress who died of the disease aged 28 It took doctors six months to diagnose cancer ; they told her to loosen her bra Filmmakers hope it will help break down barriers around subject taboo in the region
CNN  How do Republicans try to breathe new life into an old scandal ? We 've seen it time and time again . Here 's how it works : Step One : Republicans , with nothing in their arsenal to use against Hillary Clinton , selectively leak to reporters a "  scandalous " tidbit -- often one that has been previously reported . Step Two : The new media bites . Step Three : The media hyperventilates and suffocates the airwaves with repetition of the same story . Step Four : Upon further examination , the story falls apart . This is exactly how the latest media hype , this time over Hillary Clinton 's use of emails at the State Department , has played out . And it presents yet another chapter in the Benghazi hoax . The New York Times story about Hillary Clinton 's use of a private email account at the State Department is a perfect example of "  gotcha " journalism , where reporters will take any bait the Republicans give them without proper vetting . The New York Times has a history of this .  Whitewater , anyone ? The Times story suggests Secretary Clinton broke federal rules in relation to her email . But the Times ' main source for this allegation says Clinton violated no laws . Yes , Clinton used a private email account to communicate while she was secretary of state . But so did secretaries of state before her . According to the State Department spokesman Marie Harf , John Kerry is the first secretary of state ever to rely primarily on official State Department email . Clinton asks State to release emails : What you need to know In October 2014 , 18 months after Clinton left , the State Department was engaged in the process of updating its records preservation policies . The State Department asked every secretary of state dating back to Madeleine Albright to provide records , including emails , from their time in office . Clinton responded to the State Department 's request for emails , providing the department with over 55,000 pages of emails . She did so months ago . Clinton has been fully transparent and has asked the State Department for these emails to be made public . Republican investigators seeking to hype the current Benghazi investigation leaked the issue to keep a dying investigation alive . And once again , reporters bit . In the days since The New York Times posted its story , there have been dozens and dozens of stories written on the topic . Why ? Because the Clintons are held to a double standard when it comes to media scrutiny . Their perfectly usual , above board behavior is spun as secretive and unaccountable -- while Republicans are left relatively unscathed . Mitt Romney used his private email account to discuss political business , and when he left the governor 's office , his administration destroyed records rather than turn them over to state archives . Scott Walker 's County Executive 's office used a secret email system , which investigators determined was being used to engage in campaign work on county time and to avoid public records disclosure laws . Mike Huckabee 's office had files , including emails , cleaned and physically destroyed , including "  travel records , calendars , call logs , and emails . " Why has n't their behavior been scrutinized over and over again ? Because their last name is n't Clinton . In the end , all we are left with is the benign fact that Hillary Clinton used a personal email account at the State Department . This is n't even a revelation -- it has been known for years . Looks like the Republicans wasted their breath , once again , for nothing .	David Brock : The story is another example of GOP efforts to create a phony controversy Hillary Clinton 's email practices did n't break the law , he says
Mashable  -- Twitter 's role in the resignation of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is disputed . But nobody disputes that the microblogging platform helped tell the story of the revolution as it unfolded . Now , OR Books plans to use tweets posted during the protests to create a 160-page history of the event . "  Tweets from Tahrir , " which is set to hit bookshelves April 21 , will compile tweets and photos linked to in tweets to walk readers through every day of the revolution in 140-character-or-less snippets . "  Raw emotion bursts from their messages , whether frantic alarm at attacks from pro-government thugs or delirious happiness at the fall of the dictator , " reads a description of the book . "  To read these tweets is to embark a rollercoaster ride , from the surprise and excitement of the first demonstration , to the horror of the violence that claimed hundreds of lives , to the final ecstasy of victory . " This is quite a departure from existing tweet anthologies -- like "  Sh*t My Dad Says " -- which tend to cover less serious topics . As The New York Times points out , the editors might run into some interesting legal questions with the new approach , in particular the question of who owns the rights for others ' tweets . OR Books is in the process of contacting authors to get their permission . Whether the format will indeed capture the raw emotion , frantic alarm and timeline of the demonstrations is an another matter . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	OR Books plans to use tweets posted during protests to create 160-page book "  Tweets from Tahrir " which is set to hit bookshelves April 21 "  To read these tweets is to embark a rollercoaster ride , " description says
CNN  -- Hurricane Gordon churned across the eastern Azores early Monday after making landfall on the northern Atlantic islands , forecasters said . The center of the storm is expected to pass between Santa Maria Island and San Miguel Island on Monday morning , the National Hurricane Center in Miami said . The Azores are roughly 950 miles  1,529 kilometers  west of Lisbon , Portugal . "  Swells generated by Gordon will cause dangerous surf and rip current conditions in the central and eastern Azores , " the weather agency said . As of Monday morning , the hurricane was moving east-northeast at about 20 mph  32 kph  and carried maximum sustained winds of 75 mph  120 kph  . Gordon was expected to weaken after leaving the Azores . A projection map shows the hurricane weakening to a tropical depression between the Azores and mainland Europe .	The Azores are roughly 950 miles  1,529 kilometers  west of Lisbon , Portugal Hurricane Gordon is projected to weaken between the Azores and mainland Europe
El Paso County , Colorado  CNN  -- A man who dedicated his career to working in the prison system was gunned down in his Colorado home , and investigators are on a nonstop hunt for his killer . "  Tom Clements was someone who worked in a cold , dark world with a remarkably open and generous heart , " said an emotional Gov. John Hickenlooper . He appointed Clements in 2011 to lead Colorado 's prisons after Clements spent decades working to improve Missouri 's corrections system . Clements , 58 , answered the door at his Monument home Tuesday night and was shot dead , the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office said . Monument is about 50 miles south of Denver . Hickenlooper seemed broken up about Clements ' death as he spoke , and said he chose to go ahead with signing landmark gun control legislation the same day , as previously planned . The measures were pushed after 12 "  Batman " moviegoers were shot to death last summer in Aurora , Colorado . "  And I think it 's a coincidence , but an incredibly tragic and sad coincidence , that we have to process this all in a single day , " the governor told CNN affiliate KUSA . But Hickenlooper said he was "  all about carrying on . " Clements ' wife , Lisa , urged the governor not to even think about delaying the signing . "  He would have expected us to sign these bills and go forward today , " Hickenlooper said . "  That 's just the kind of man he was . " The new legislation includes a 15-round limit on magazines , universal background checks for prospective gun buyers and a requirement for gun purchasers to pay for their own background checks . It becomes effective July 1 . Asked about a possible motive , Lt. Jeff Kramer of the sheriff 's office said that authorities know that Clements ' position with the prison system "  opens a dynamic " in the investigation , meaning that someone related to the prisons may have wanted to harm him . "  Because of the fact that Mr. Clements served in the position that he did ... we 're sensitive to the fact that there could be any number of people who may have a motive for wanting to target him for a crime such as this . "  However , we also remain open-minded to all of the other possibilities as well because we do n't want to follow one particular trail and find ourselves perhaps missing something along the way , " Kramer said . Reporters asked the governor whether Clements was "  active " in his support for the new gun legislation , Hickenlooper replied : "  He was supportive but he was n't particularly active . " The lieutenant told CNN that Clements had not received any threats that authorities were aware of . As news cameras trained on the governor while he signed each gun measure , investigators combed Clements ' neighborhood , talking to neighbors and searching for clues . One of those clues is a car that was seen near Clements ' home at about the same time a 911 call was made by a relative in Clements ' home telling authorities about the shooting . A resident noticed a late-1990s model boxy vehicle , possibly a Lincoln , in the area , said Kramer of the sheriff 's office . The resident told investigators that the car was about 200 yards from Clements ' house on Colonial Park drive at about 8:30 p.m. and it was running but empty . The 911 call was made at 8:37 p.m. , Kramer said . The resident told investigators that a few minutes after seeing the empty car , the resident saw the car again , but someone was inside and driving away . The car was headed in the direction of a road that leads to an interstate highway , Kramer told CNN . Authorities said they are looking for a woman who may have information concerning that vehicle . She was described as a white female , between 35-50 years of age . She was wearing light pants , a dark windbreaker and a hat , and may have been speed walking on Clements ' street Tuesday night . Officials stressed she is not a suspect , but is just someone they want to speak to . They are not releasing the name of the relative who made the 911 call , but said the caller was the only other person home at the time . Kramer added that it 's unclear whether that relative was in the same room as Clements or in another part of the house . Wednesday morning , Hickenlooper ordered flags in the state lowered to half-staff between sunrise and sunset until after Clements ' funeral . Arrangements are still being made . The governor repeatedly praised Clements Wednesday afternoon , calling him a "  dedicated , committed , funny , caring expert at corrections " who tried to ensure that prisoners had adequate support before their release . "  In many ways , Clements helped define what a public servant is , " the governor said . "  He did his job quietly and intently . " In addition to his wife , Clements leaves two daughters , Rachel and Sara , the governor 's office said . Clements ' family released a statement through that office , thanking everyone for their support and concern . "  Our family has lost a devoted husband and a beloved father , " it read . "  There are no words at this time to describe our grief and loss . We thank our friends and those praying for us here and across the nation . Your well-wishes and prayers bring us strength . We appreciate your continued respect for our privacy during this terrible loss . " Hickenlooper appointed Clements as chief of the state 's prison system in January 2011 , according to Clements ' online state biography . Before that post , he worked for 31 years in the Missouri Department of Corrections . From October 2007 until January 2011 , Clements was the director of adult institutions for the department , the biography says , overseeing 21 adult prisons . CNN 's Jim Spellman reported from Colorado . Ashley Fantz wrote this story in Atlanta and Shawn Nottingham contributed .	NEW : Family of Tom Clements says it lost a devoted husband and father Authorities want to talk to a woman who may have been speed walking in the area Colorado governor signs gun control bill ; says Clements would have wanted that Investigators are looking for the driver of car seen in Clements ' neighborhood
CNN  -- One day after Thanksgiving last year , my mother , brother , cousin and I gathered in my 87-year-old grandmother 's room at the nursing home . We knew it would be one of the last times we would see her alive . She knew it , too . "  I do n't know when , I do n't know how , I do n't know why , " my grandmother Mary said that day . "  But I know one thing . God is going to take me home . He 's going to take me home . " Home is comfortable : warm like a hug and familiar like the smell of my grandmother 's seasoned greens . But so often the ease of intimacy slips into taking our loved ones for granted . It 's what crossed my mind as I listened to her that day . What did n't I know about her life ? What had I not said ? How much of this moment would I remember ? Grandmother Mary had not been able to sit at the Thanksgiving table that year , confined to a bed as she recovered after a medical procedure . We visited her on Thanksgiving and afterward to bring home to her . Two months later , she was dead . We knew that she knew how much we loved her . We made sure of it . But there is still the absence of an everyday presence that requires adjusting -- slippers found that bring back a story and smile , a song or smell that triggers a forgotten memory . For decades , our family had incorporated a friendly inquisition into our Thanksgiving gatherings , much to the amusement of guests . Friends , neighbors and travelers joined us , an ever-changing mosaic of characters . But a few traditions stayed the same . There would be an element of service -- volunteering at a soup kitchen , preparing meals to share , hosting those without homes , a visit to the less fortunate . And of course , delectable , savory food : sweet potato pie , yummy stuffing paired with cranberry sauce , gooey macaroni and cheese , luscious candied yams , soupy greens and warm , buttered rolls . I loved it all . But my favorite part of the meal had less to do with what we put in our mouths and more with what came out of them . We are a communicative family , but Thanksgiving always provided a special time to vocalize for what , and for whom we were grateful , and why . Around the table we went , naming the people , places and opportunities that we appreciated that year . It was an exercise in acknowledgment -- and patience . The lists could be long . My grandmother often had the longest list . She had a lot to be grateful for , and this year , these rituals will take on even more meaning as we hope to honor her life , and each other . Giving thanks We start the meal with a prayer of gratitude for blessings past and present . The affirmation sets the stage for the appreciation of what we have , where we are and who helped us get there . Tell loved ones why you love them It 's often taken for granted that those closest to us know that we love them . But it is always nice to be reminded why . No matter how old we are , my parents still get excited when their children return for a visit . We kids like to roll our eyes , and sure , it can be a little embarrassing , but we love it . To have accepting parents that are demonstrative of their love -- no matter their shortcomings -- never gets old . Let loved ones get to know you What 's great about family is that they know you . What 's frustrating about family is that they assume they know everything about you . It is the inevitable tension that comes with being known but still yearning to be discovered . In the past few years , our family added a new question to the Thanksgiving discussion : What 's on your bucket list ? My very grounded and sensible brother surprised us all when he shared that he wanted to skydive . Another mentioned a dream to write books , though they had worked in social work their entire life . The lovely surprise about this question is the novel things learned about those that are familiar : an opportunity to get to know who we think we know best all over again . Share how you want to be remembered After the loss of our grandmother , this ritual will resonate even more this year : we share how we would like to be remembered . Perhaps because how we perceive ourselves can be different than how others do , this tends to be the most revealing and a window to how we might experience one another . "  Where we aim is n't where we always hit , " my mother likes to say . Thus , those "  encouraging " reminders may be taken as nagging . "  Keeping it real " truth-telling can be experienced as criticism . Displays of affection can be seen as smothering . When all along , it might be that the intention was in the right place and simply misinterpreted . When we are gone , loved ones can only relive encounters with us via their memories . It can be hard to put into words , but sharing how you want to be remembered -- and living it -- is a gift to loved ones in the time we have together now . How would you like to be remembered ? "  As a family man , " my dad shared . Family , dear friends and cherished memories are what I will be remembering at Thanksgiving this year -- and what I hope to not soon forget .	The loss of a grandmother led to reflection on family and gratitude , Alicia Stewart writes Thanksgiving can be a time to honor family with new rituals Appreciate loved ones and share with them your love while they are alive , the author says
CNN  -- It began as horseplay , with two teenage stepbrothers chasing each other with blow guns and darts . But it soon escalated when one of the boys grabbed a knife . Michael Barton , Quantel Lotts ' stepbrother , was stabbed to death at age 17 . The older teen , Michael Barton , 17 , was dead by the time he reached the hospital , stabbed twice.The younger boy , Quantel Lotts , 14 , would eventually become one of Missouri 's youngest lifers . Lotts was sentenced in Missouri 's St. Francois County Circuit Court in 2002 to life in prison without parole for first-degree murder in his stepbrother 's stabbing death . It made no difference that at the time of the deadly scuffle , Lotts was barely old enough to watch PG-13 movie and too young to drive , vote or buy beer . "  They locked me up and threw away the keys , " Lotts , now 23 , said from prison . "  They took away all hope for the future . " His stepmother , the victim 's mother , has forgiven Lotts and is working with lawyers to gain his release . Lotts is one of at least 73 U.S. inmates -- most of them minorities -- who were sentenced to spend the rest of their lives in prison for crimes committed when they were 13 or 14 , according to the Equal Justice Initiative , a nonprofit organization in Alabama that defends indigent defendants and prisoners . The 73 are just a fraction of the more than 2,000 offenders serving life sentences for crimes they committed as minors under the age of 18 . Across the country , most juvenile offenders and many adults are given a second chance . Charles Manson , convicted in seven notorious murders committed when he was 27 , will be eligible for his 12th parole hearing in 2012 . He 's been denied parole 11 times . Even "  Son of Sam " killer David Berkowitz , who confessed to killing six people in the 1970s when he was in his 20s , has had four parole hearings , though he has said he does n't deserve parole and does n't want it . But Quantel Lotts has no hope for a parole hearing . At least not yet . See which states have sentenced minors to life without parole " Lotts is part of a trend that has developed over the past two decades . Numerous studies have shown that In the 1970s and 1980s , minors were rarely given life sentences , let alone life without parole , experts said . By the early 1990s , according to the Department of Justice , an alarming spike in juvenile homicides spawned a nationwide crackdown , including a movement to try kids in adult courts . "  Criminal court does n't care they are kids , " said Melissa Sickmund , chief of systems research at the National Center for Juvenile Justice in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . "  Once they are there , it 's just another case . " Today , there are only a handful of states -- including Alaska , Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico and Oregon -- that prohibit sentencing minors to life without parole , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Proponents of the strict sentencing laws said public safety should be top priority . They argued that judges give certain criminals , regardless of their age , life sentences because the crimes are so abhorrent . "  There are some people who are so fundamentally dangerous that they ca n't walk among us , " said Jennifer Jenkins , who co-founded the National Organization for Victims of Juvenile Lifers . The Illinois-based group has fought legislation in nine states that would remove sentences of life without parole . Jenkins has experienced the devastation of losing family members to a teen killer . In 1990 , her sister and her sister 's family , who were living in a wealthy suburb in Chicago , Illinois , were murdered by a teenager . "  Victims have the right not to be constantly revictimized , " she said . "  They will come back to my community and your community and repeat , " said Harriet Salerno , president of Crime Victims United of California , a group trying to block the passage of laws that would ease sentencing for juveniles . She founded the victim 's group after her daughter , a pre-medical student , was murdered at the University of the Pacific in Stockton , California in the 1979 . "  Many of them have dysfunctional homes , and the crimes will escalate because there is no place to put them . " Only 19 states punish children under 14 with life sentences without parole , according to a study conducted by the Equal Justice Initiative . Over the past three years , the advocacy group 's attorneys have appealed cases involving 13 - and 14-year-old offenders in state and federal court . Attorneys argue that the sentences are "  cruel and unusual punishment " given the tender years of the offenders . Read the center 's report Last week , the state of Missouri dismissed Quantel Lotts ' case in St. Francois County Circuit Court . The Equal Justice Initiative will challenge the decision in the Missouri Court of Appeals . A separate petition , filed in 2007 , is pending in federal court in the Eastern District of Missouri . Lotts remains in prison in Bonne Terre , Missouri , and he is hopeful . He has new dreams of going to college and maybe even becoming a lawyer . "  My family motivates me , " he explained . "  Because I want to be out there with them so I can never give up . " He wishes he could start over , but not at the beginning . He grew up in a crack house with a mother who used and sold drugs . In Lotts ' case , court documents reveal that he was sexually abused as a child . When child welfare officials took Lotts from his mother at the age of 8 , they noted that he "  smelled of urine and had badly decayed molars as well as numerous scars on his arms , legs and forehead . " "  Quantel had a lot of anger because of all he has been through , " said stepmother Tammy Lotts , 45 , whose son Michael Barton was Lotts ' victim . iReport.com : Sentence ` totally unfair ' At the time of the crime , Tammy Lotts said she left her children for several days with her husband to get high on crack cocaine . "  But I do n't believe that Quantel did it , " she added . "  They took care of each other . They did n't see each other as stepbrothers ; they considered them brothers . " Most young offenders serving life without parole were exposed to poverty , violence or drugs during childhood , the Equal Justice Initiative reported . Some victims ' families say that 's exactly why the juveniles should stay locked up . Salerno , of Crime Victims United of California , said that some juveniles can be rehabilitated but that some committed crimes so severe , resources should n't be wasted on them . Two cases in which juvenile offenders got life without parole did n't even involve murder . Antonio Nunez was 14 years old when he committed a crime that gave him life without parole . The crime was an armed kidnapping that occurred in 2001 . He spent his childhood in a gang-ridden neighborhood in South Central Los Angeles , California . He was shot in the stomach multiple times while riding his bike at age 13 . See stories of other inmates who were sentenced to life in prison without parole " In Florida , Joe Sullivan , who case will be heard soon by the U.S. Supreme Court , was sentenced to life without parole for 1989 rape of an elderly woman . He was 13 at the time of the crime and is mentally disabled . In 2005 , groups that opposed life sentences without parole for young people , began to gain traction after the U.S. Supreme Court abolished the death penalty for crimes committed by 16 and 17 year olds in the landmark case Roper v. Simmons . A year later , Colorado abolished life without parole for minors who commit crimes . At the federal level , Rep. Robert C. Scott , D-Virginia , will introduce legislation this year to give youthful offenders the option of parole . In California , Democratic Sen. Leland Yee has proposed a law that grants young offenders a chance at parole after ten years . "  Children are n't just little adults , and it 's starting to resonate with people , " said Ashley Nellis , an analyst at the Sentencing Project , a research organization tracking sentencing patterns . "  There has been a general momentum of changing juvenile law in the last few years . " Nearly a decade later , Lotts , now a grown man , still cries himself to sleep over the loss of his stepbrother . To ease the pain , he reads novels or listens to the tunes of R&B group Dru Hill . One sleepless night in prison , Lotts found himself reading the book "  Lightning " by Dean Koontz . The novel , about time travel , has become one of his favorites . He often thinks about what it would be like to turn back time . "  This would have never happened , " he said . "  My brother would be here today . "	At least 73 inmates serve life without parole for offenses committed at 13 and 14 Proponents of tough sentencing laws say public safety is top priority Only 19 states punish minors under 14 with sentences of life without parole "  They took away all hope for the future , " says Quantel Lotts , now 23
Washington  CNN  -- Lithuania 's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday rejected a report from lawmakers saying the country had hosted secret CIA prisons as part of the "  war on terror . " "  There are neither facts nor information that secret CIA detention centers existed in Lithuania , " the ministry said in a statement , contradicting Amnesty International statements a day earlier based on a report by Lithuanian lawmakers . "  It has neither concluded that the territory of Lithuania was used to transfer persons under suspicion of terrorism nor that such persons had been brought in or transported from the territory of Lithuania , " the Foreign Ministry said of the parliamentary report . Amnesty International said a day earlier that the former Soviet republic , now a NATO member , had become the first country to admit it hosted secret CIA detention centers for terror suspects . The tiny country on the Baltic Sea contained two "  black sites , " the group said -- the first holding a single prisoner in 2002 . In 2004 , a former riding school outside the capital , Vilnius , was converted to hold up to eight detainees , according to the Lithuanian parliamentary report , Amnesty International said . The Bush administration came under fierce criticism for the alleged practice of "  extraordinary rendition " -- capturing suspected terrorists in one country , moving them to another country without proper legal protections , and using "  enhanced interrogation techniques " on them . Opponents of the practice say the interrogations amounted to torture . Former CIA agent Bob Ayers explained Tuesday how it worked . "  There were flights coming in from the battlefields and Iraq or Afghanistan . There were flights that were coming in from other nation-states which were not at war but we were collaborating with -- for example , Egypt or Jordan -- where suspected terrorists were picked up and brought to the interrogation centers where they were interrogated , " he said . "  And then the information gained from those interrogations was then shared among the participating nations . " The Obama administration says it no longer operates black sites , but has not formally ended the process of extraordinary rendition . A CIA spokesman declined to confirm or deny the Lithuanian lawmakers ' report . "  The agency 's terrorist detention program is over , and the CIA has not commented publicly on where facilities associated with that effort may or may not have been , " said Paul Gimigliano of the CIA Office of Public Affairs . He added that the allegation that Lithuania hosted black sites was "  not new . " Amnesty International said it was not important whether the allegation was new or not . "  Confirmation of the existence of a secret prison in Lithuania marks a modern low point for human rights protection in Europe , " said Julia Hall , Amnesty International 's expert on counterterrorism in Europe . "  But the Lithuanian inquiry signals a turning point in the quest for the truth about what role European states played in helping the United States in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Other European governments should take note and commit to full investigations of similar serious allegations . " Other European states , like Poland and Romania , have also been accused by human rights groups -- and even the European Parliament and the Council of Europe -- of housing secret CIA prisons and colluding in extraordinary renditions . Lithuania 's parliamentary report may put more pressure on other states to come clean . But there are lingering doubts about aspects of the report by the Lithuanian parliamentary Committee on National Security and Defense . It accuses the Lithuanian security services of providing the CIA with the facilities without the knowledge of the country 's political leadership . Analysts say that seems unlikely . "  To think that any national government would have foreign aircraft flying into its airspace , people being taken from aircraft and moved to control facilities somewhere within their sovereign territories -- and neither the central government , police , customs or air traffic control , no one knew anything about this except for the head of the security service ... that 's just not believable , " said Ayers , the former CIA officer . It would be a violation of Lithuanian law if true , Amnesty pointed out . "  The Lithuanian government should have known what its own agencies were doing and is ultimately responsible for the secret prison and any human rights violations that may have taken place there , " the advocacy group said . "  The inquiry 's findings are only a first step toward accountability , " said Hall . "  The investigation in Lithuania should continue and those persons responsible for any involvement in the secret site must be identified and prosecuted . " CNN 's Matthew Chance in Moscow , Russia , and Jim Barnett in Washington contributed to this report .	Lithuanian lawmakers reported Tuesday the country hosted CIA "  black sites , " group says Amnesty International says report shows Lithuania took part in "  extraordinary rendition " Lithuanian Foreign Ministry denies the report in Wednesday statement CIA spokesman refuses to confirm or deny , says "  terrorist detention program is over "
Beijing  CNN  -- A high-speed bullet train collision in eastern China 's Zhejiang province left 35 people dead and 210 injured , state-run news agency Xinhua reported Sunday . Witnesses told China National Radio that a bullet train stopped on the tracks Saturday because of a power outage from a lightning strike . Another bullet train traveling in the same direction rammed into the first train from behind and caused four of its cars to fall from an elevated bridge , the radio report said . A rescue operation was under way . Some passengers told the radio network they had to smash windows and crawl out of the cars . Officials said some cars were severely twisted and it was hard to know how many people were still trapped inside . The struck train was carrying 1,300 to 1,400 passengers , officials said .	NEW : About 210 are injured Rescue operations continue The accident was in eastern China Some passengers had to break windows to get out
EW.com  -- Let 's be real for a second here . At this point , Lucasfilm is neither confirming nor denying that Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher , and Harrison Ford are returning for "  Star Wars : Episode VII . " But if director J.J. Abrams wants to bring back the original-trilogy trio , Hamill and Fisher are almost certainly on board . The question mark has always been Ford , who has spent most of his post - "  Star Wars " career expressing mild-to-aggressive embarrassment about the franchise . But Ford 's feelings towards "  Star Wars " have warmed in recent years . Perhaps Ford , who turned 70 last year , views "  Episode VII " as a chance to burnish his reputation by returning to one of his most beloved characters . Also , money is nice . Whatever the reason , even though the next film is still early in the development process , Ford gave a rather bold  for him  statement to Chicago 's WGN-TV yesterday . ` Game of Thrones ' actors do theme song When asked by reporter Dean Richards if Ford is reuniting with his original castmates for the next movie , Ford responded : "  I think it 's almost true . " ` Justified ' boss tells ` Decoy ' tales He added , "  I 'm looking forward to it , " sounding like a man who was really looking forward to his next root canal . He ultimately hedged that it 's "  not in the bag yet , but I think it 's happening . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lucasfilm is n't confirming or denying casting rumors When asked about "  Episode VII " Harrison Ford said ' I think it 's almost true ' He added that it 's ` not in the bag yet '
CNN  -- One of two suicide bombers responsible for killing two African Union soldiers in Somalia was from Minnesota , the FBI announced Thursday . Fingerprints showed that Farah Mohamed Beledi , 27 , from Minneapolis-St . Paul , was one of the attackers , the FBI 's Minneapolis field office said in a statement . In recent years , approximately 20 young men have traveled from the Minneapolis area to Somalia to train with al-Shabaab , and a number of them have gone on to fight with the terrorist organization , U.S. officials said . Beledi was one of 14 people indicted in July 2010 on charges of aiding al-Shabaab . Beledi was charged with , among other things , conspiring wth and providing material support to al-Shabaab , and conspiring to kill , kidnap , maim and injure persons abroad , the FBI said . He was believed to have left Minnesota in October 2009 for Somalia , the FBI said . According to the African Union , several "  extremist insurgents " disguised themselves as Somali government forces in order to attack an African Union checkpoint May 30 . Al-Shabaab , a Somali militant group allied with al Qaeda , posted a statement on its website identifying the suicide bomber as Abdullahi Ahmed , a Somali-American from Minneapolis . It was not clear if Ahmed is the second bomber the FBI is trying to identify . Al-Shabaab has been waging a war against Somalia 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia law . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has added to the humanitarian crisis in the nation on the Horn of Africa . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Two African Union soldiers were killed by a suicide bomber in Somalia The FBI said one of two bombers was identified as a Minnesota man Farah Mohamed Beledi left for Somalia in 2009 , authorities say
CNN  -- Arizona lawman Joe Arpaio has required prison inmates to wear pink underwear and saved taxpayers money by removing salt and pepper from prisons . He has , at times , forbidden convicted murderer Jodi Arias from speaking to the press . The stern Maricopa County Sheriff has said the federal government will not stop him from running his office as he sees fit . But on Friday it did . A judge ruled Friday that Arpaio 's routine handling of people of Latino descent is not tough enforcement of immigration laws but instead amounts to racial and ethnic profiling . Some of those profiled sued Arpaio , and Judge Murray Snow found their complaints to be legitimate . The federal court in Phoenix ordered "  America 's Toughest Sheriff " -- a moniker Arpaio sports on his website -- to stop it immediately and has banned some of his operating procedures . The sheriff 's office has a history of targeting vehicles with occupants with darker skin or Latin heritage , scrutinizing them more strictly and detaining them more often , Snow ruled . The sheriff 's lawyers dispute the judge 's conclusion . Defense attorney Tim Casey said he 's "  very disappointed by the outcome of the decision . The MCSO and the sheriff have never used race and will never use race in their decisions . " The sheriff 's office in Maricopa County , where Phoenix is located , is planning to appeal the ruling . "  This is vindication , " said immigration rights activist Lydia Guzman , happy about the verdict . "  They 've been stopping people based on the color of our skin , just because someone suspected we might not be authorized to be in this country . " Package addressed to sheriff could have caused ` major explosion ' Being profiled Plaintiffs in the civil trial gave accounts alleging discriminatory treatment . Officers stopped Manuel Nieto and Velia Meraz after they witnessed Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office deputies detaining two Latino men . A deputy then ordered them to leave , but they were pulled over again in front of their family business , according to the ACLU , which represented plaintiffs . Read the ruling The second stop was at gunpoint , they said . Nieto dialed 911 , but deputies grabbed him and threw him against his car , according to the suit . Once they saw that Nieto and Meraz were U.S. citizens , they let them go -- without an apology . Plaintiff Manuel Ortega Melendres was vising Arizona on a valid visa . He does not speak English . In September 2007 , he was arrested after the car he was riding in was pulled over by deputies . Melendres said he showed the officers his identification but was nonetheless treated roughly and arrested . He sat in a cell for hours before a federal immigration agent confirmed that his documents were in order . A professor of criminal justice presented a statistical analysis he said corroborated that profiling in the county was systematic . Ralph Taylor of Temple University testified that Hispanics are more likely to be checked for immigration status during saturation patrols than non-Hispanics are . Casey blamed the incidences on bad training by U.S. Immigration and Customs agents . The court 's ruling will prevent local law enforcement from playing a potential role in immigration enforcement , he said . No longer allowed The court 's ruling prevents the sheriff 's office from carrying out some of Arpaio 's policies that it said amounted to a violation of the Fourth Amendment , which protects against unreasonable search and seizure , and the Fourteenth , which guarantees equal protection under the law . The MCSO will no longer be allowed to use race or Latino heritage to make any law enforcement decisions , including stopping vehicles , making detentions or holding suspects longer than necessary to resolve specific allegations . The ruling is another slap from the federal justice system against Arizona 's immigration policies . The U.S. Supreme court in June 2012 struck down parts of the state 's controversial immigration law , including provisions for law enforcement that were similar to those practiced by Arpaio , and which the court deemed unconstitutional . Law enforcement veteran Arpaio 's office claims to be the third largest sheriff 's office in the United States and boasts more than 3,400 employees . Before becoming sheriff , Arpaio was a federal narcotics agent , who eventually headed the Arizona office of the Drug Enforcement Agency , according to his biography on the MCSO website . In April , a postal inspector intercepted an explosive package addressed to him . It was mailed a day after the department received a death threat from a major drug cartel . In a CNN interview before his trial began , Arpaio said his department would continue to pursue illegal immigrants . "  I know I 'm doing the right thing . I 'm not going to surrender by those little small groups , people that do n't like what I 'm doing . You think I 'm going to surrender ? It 'll never happen , " the sheriff said at the time . But on Friday attorney Casey said "  America 's Toughest Sheriff " will comply with the court 's ruling -- for now .	NEW : "  This is vindication , " says immigration rights activist Judge : "  America 's Toughest Sheriff " may not allow race or heritage to influence decisions Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's lawyer says his client did not racially profile The sheriff 's office plans to appeal the ruling
A number of the world 's leading airlines on Tuesday suspended flights to Israel 's main airport after a rocket fired from Gaza struck about a mile from its runways . The Federal Aviation Administration ordered U.S. airlines to stop flying to or from Tel Aviv 's Ben Gurion International Airport for at least 24 hours , and the European Aviation Safety Agency issued a warning to its airlines to stop its flights . The action came just days after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was shot out of the sky over eastern Ukraine , where government troops have been battling Russian-backed separatists . The flight suspensions to Israel were the latest development in the 15-day-old conflict between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza , with neither side showing any sign of backing down . At least 41 rockets were fired from Gaza toward Israel on Tuesday , according to the Israel Defense Forces . The FAA ordered Delta Air Lines , US Airways and United Airlines to suspend their flights to Tel Aviv . "  The notice was issued in response to a rocket strike which landed approximately one mile " from the airport Tuesday morning , the FAA said . " ... The FAA will continue to monitor and evaluate the situation . Updated instructions will be provided to U.S. airlines as soon as conditions permit , but no later than 24 hours " from when the suspension was ordered . A number of European airlines as well as Turkish Airlines suspended flights after an advisory issued by the European Aviation Safety Agency . EASA "  strongly recommends airspace users to refrain from operating to and from Tel Aviv Ben Gurion International Airport , " according to the advisory . As of Tuesday evening , the Israel Airport Authority was showing a number of flight cancellations , but British Airways and a handful of smaller airlines still appeared to be operating flights . Operations at the airport in Tel Aviv continued Tuesday after the FAA issued its order , according to CNN 's Atika Shubert , who was reporting from Ben Gurion Airport . Shubert said she saw a rocket being intercepted near the airport . "  This is the environment that the planes are flying in and out of , " she said . The Israel Airport Authority said the U.S. companies made the decisions on their own , and it urged them to reconsider , saying the airport was safe . "  There is no reason that American carriers should stop flying to Israel and thus give a prize to terror , " it said . But aviation security consultant Jeff Price called the decision by airlines to halt flights to Tel Aviv 's airport for the moment "  a prudent measure " that was likely influenced by the shooting down of the Malaysia Airlines jetliner over Ukraine . "  The airline must protect their passengers and their asset  the airplane  from death , damage and destruction , so they are n't going to fly into a location that they believe to be unsafe , " Price said . "  This is the same situation that airlines encounter during natural disasters like hurricanes , where the airlines move their aircraft out of harm 's way until the storm has passed . This is a storm of a different kind , and I think because of MH17 people are more sensitive to their commercial flight flying over an area where military ordnance is being hurled around . " Delta Air Lines and American Airlines , the parent company of US Airways , both suspended service to Ben Gurion Airport before the FAA notice was issued . The Lufthansa Group has suspended flights to Israel for the next 36 hours , including Lufthansa 's Austrian Airlines and Swiss International Air Lines flights , according to a Lufthansa official . Dutch flag carrier KLM has canceled a flight to Israel that was due to depart Tuesday evening . The company said it is still looking into whether future flights will be canceled . The airport is the premier gateway between Israel and the rest of the world . "  Perhaps no other airport in the world has been the focus of so many terror threats for so long . But Ben Gurion Airport has a remarkable safety record . It is one of the most secure airports in the world , " said CNN anchor John Vause , who previously spent three years as a Jerusalem-based correspondent . "  Israel has invested a lot to keep the airport safe , and many within Israel will be extremely concerned if it is now within reach of Hamas rockets , " Vause said . Vause was on Delta Air Lines Flight 468 , which was en route Tuesday from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport to Tel Aviv when it was diverted to Paris ' Charles de Gaulle Airport . It 's very unusual for the FAA to prohibit U.S. carriers from flying to a particular airport , said Mary Schiavo , a former U.S. Department of Transportation inspector general , via e-mail . "  The FAA does not like to restrict flight operations , " Schiavo said via e-mail . "  In the past when the FAA has done it there have been diplomatic consequences . " The Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 tragedy last week likely affected the decision , she said . Aviation security expert Richard Bloom agreed that MH17 played a part in the decision to restrict flights . "  Another part of it is the actual war going between Hamas and Israel . Hamas has displayed some surprises -- how many missiles they have and how far they can go . That explains why a number of  airlines  are getting out , " said Bloom , director of terrorism , intelligence and security studies at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University . "  It 's extremely , extremely difficult to protect a commercial aircraft , " he said . Travel agents are scrambling to inform and rebook travelers . "  We are in touch with all our clients , and we 're obviously helping to move them to another airline , " said Iris Hami , owner of Gil Travel in Philadelphia . Hami said her agency is working closely with Israel 's El Al Airlines . El Al continued to operate its regular schedule Tuesday , including up to five flights a day from the U.S. , according to the airline . Hami said she 's rebooking to an El Al flight a group of more than 100 travelers that was scheduled to fly US Airways to Israel Tuesday night . The flight suspensions come a day after the U.S. State Department asked Americans to consider deferring nonessential travel to Israel and the West Bank . Monday 's travel warning reaffirmed existing guidance against any travel to Gaza , which the State Department said "  is under the control of Hamas , a foreign terrorist organization . " The department urged U.S. citizens already in Gaza to depart immediately . Other governments are cautioning their citizens against some or all travel to the region . The United Kingdom 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Monday issued an advisory against all travel to Gaza and noted areas of possible violence in Israel , the West Bank and Gaza . In an alert issued Sunday , Canada advised its citizens to use a "  high degree of caution " while traveling in Israel . The government advises against travel to Gaza and areas bordering Gaza , Syria and Egypt . Last year , Israel received a record 3.5 million visitors , according to the country 's Central Bureau of Statistics . Before the recent violence , the bureau reported a record 1.4 million visitors for the first half of 2014 , but the escalating violence is likely to put a damper on the numbers . Visitors to Israel should familiarize themselves with the nearest bomb shelters in case of attack and should avoid areas of Israel near Gaza because of the possibility of attacks from Gaza "  with little or no warning , " the U.S. State Department advisory says . Travelers reassess plans amid Mideast conflict	The FAA is monitoring the situation and will issue updated instructions CNN reporter watches rocket intercepted near Ben Gurion Airport FAA prohibits U.S. flights to Ben Gurion Airport near Tel Aviv European Aviation Safety Agency recommends avoiding Ben Gurion
What a birthday . Just hours after being falsely accused of carrying explosive material onto a plane , Christopher Shell arrived in Dallas after being reboarding a flight from Philadelphia . When he got to Dallas on Thursday evening , airport police were waiting for the 29-year-old birthday celebrant because he was wanted on outstanding warrants , said David Magana , a spokesman for Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport . According to CNN affiliates WPVI and WFAA , Magana said that Shell was wanted by several Texas municipalities . Earlier Thursday , Shell was deemed the victim of a hoax that caused officials to order a US Airways flight on its way to Dallas to return to Philadelphia . "  All indications are that this was hoax and a pretty nasty trick was played on this passenger , " Philadelphia Police Chief Inspector Joseph Sullivan said Thursday morning . He said someone called Philadelphia police and identified a passenger who the caller said was carrying a potentially explosive substance . No dangerous material was uncovered , police said . WPVI reported that sources told the station the prank caller dates one of Shell 's ex-girlfriends . A passenger told WPVI that federal agents stormed the plane , drew their weapons on Shell , pulled him out of his seat and quickly removed him from the plane . Richard Quinn , assistant FBI special agent in charge , told reporters that making false calls affecting a commercial airline is a federal offense and it is expected that the caller will be prosecuted . Authorities say the Airbus A319 , which was carrying 69 passengers , was cleared after all passengers were removed . Teen with Down syndrome stopped from boarding plane Safety board recommends external cameras on jetliners No more flying solo : Business travel 's social revolution	Hoax victim arrested on unrelated charges in Texas "  This was hoax and a pretty nasty trick was played on this passenger , " police say Making false calls affecting a commercial airline is a federal offense Authorities say they expect the caller to be prosecuted
In places such as Murrieta , California , and Oracle , Arizona , the message is clear : Thousands of immigrant children fleeing Central America are unwelcome in Small Town U.S.A. . The children , many of them arriving unaccompanied from El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala , have traveled up to 3,000 miles across deserts and rivers , clinging to the tops of trains . They sometimes face rape and beatings at the hands of "  coyotes , " smugglers who are paid thousands of dollars to sneak them across the southern border with Mexico . Earlier this month in Murrieta , busloads of babies in their mothers ' laps , teens , ` tweens and toddlers were turned back from a detainee facility . They were met by screaming protesters waving and wearing American flags and bearing signs that read such things as "  Return to Sender . " And so it goes . Southwest border towns , West Coast suburbs , and middle-America enclaves have become the newest battleground in the vitriolic political debate over immigration . The showdowns highlight the scope and depth of challenges the Obama administration grapples with as officials try to use immigration-related fixes to resolve what politicians on both sides of the aisle have called "  a humanitarian crisis . " Here 's a snapshot of how things are playing out across the country : Arizona : In Oracle , a town of roughly 3,700 , protesters faced off Tuesday at Sycamore Canyon Academy , a nearby boys ranch that is to be used as a temporary housing facility for the immigrant minors , according to CNN affiliate KOLD . Protesters representing both sides of the debate screamed and waved signs reading such things as "  Send 'em to Coyote Obama , " according to video from CNN affiliate KPNX . One man trumpeted a Mariachi-version of the "  Star-Spangled Banner " as people around him yelled . Protesters even tried to stop a bus of kids from the local YMCA , which they had mistaken as the immigrant children . But the Central American children never arrived , according to media reports . Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu said accepting the unaccompanied juvenile immigrants only encourages more to come . "  Their very hope was realized when we took them in . Nobody was turned back and what I believe , and I think a lot of Americans would agree , is instead of accepting these 90,000 , they should have -- the humanitarian way to address this is reunite them with their families and their country of origin because this 90,000 is going to be hundreds of thousands , " he told CNN 's Chris Cuomo Wednesday . "  These children should be returned to their home country -- not to Oracle , Arizona , paid for by American taxpayers , " Babeu said earlier in a statement on the department 's Facebook page . California : In sharp contrast to the reception similar children received in Murrieta , Central American immigrant children have been welcomed by the community of Fontana . Just over 40 immigrants on Homeland Security buses arrived at the St. Joseph 's Catholic Church there on Thursday and were greeted by staff and community donations of food , clothing and toys , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . And a group of California state lawmakers headed to Central America on Monday to discuss the surge of immigrant children with leaders from that region , according to CNN affiliate KCRA . Texas : Protestors in Waco , Texas , meanwhile , are demanding better conditions for the 250 men from El Salvador being held at the Jack Harwell Detention Center , according to CNN affiliate KCEN . And the League City , Texas , City Council approved a proposal banning the housing or detention of undocumented immigrants within the city at a recent meeting , according to KHOU . New Mexico : In Artesia , New Mexico , hundreds of residents turned out for a contentious town hall meeting to decry the hundreds of women and children being housed at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center , a facility that also trains Border Patrol agents , according to CNN affiliate KOAT . Iowa : Gov. Terry Branstad told CNN affiliate WHO on Monday that he does not want federal officials to send Central American children to his state , adding that by accepting them , the United States is sending "  a signal to send kids illegally . " Some local aid groups are appalled . "  My God . This is a humanitarian crisis , " said Kathleen McQuillen , the Iowa Program Director of American Friends Service Committee . McQuillen 's group , a Quaker-based organization , questions how the country could spend trillions on war and not have the pennies on those dollars to spend to take care of children in dire need . She said , "  It 's a simple thing to begin to say , what 's important in this world ? " Nebraska : At a National Governors Association meeting in Nashville earlier this month , Nebraska Gov. Dave Heineman complained that federal officials did not notify him that they were placing hundreds of immigrant children with family members in his state . Michigan : Protesters headed to city hall in Vassar earlier this month to oppose a social service agency 's plan to temporarily house 60 immigrant children according to CNN affiliate WNEM . "  It 's about the American government , Democrat or Republican , getting off their lazy butts and passing a decent bill where we can screen our immigrants , make sure they 're not felons , diseased or whatever , and get a program set up to bring them into this country , " Vassar resident Jack Smith told WNEM . Virginia : Federal officials shelved plans to send the children to an unoccupied , historically black college campus in Lawrenceville , a small community of about 1,400 , after nearly the entire town showed up at a meeting and furiously denounced the proposal . "  Our staff will immediately cease any further activities in your community , " Mark Greenberg , the Department of Health and Human Services acting assistant secretary for children and families , wrote the community in June . Prince William County officials were frustrated to learn second-hand that some children are being housed in shelters in the region . "  HHS did not inform the county . We 're somewhat upset about that , " Prince William County Board of Supervisors Chairman Corey Stewart told CNN affiliate WJLA . "  I 'm concerned these children may be housed here permanently and of course there is going to be a drain on our educational system and other county services . " Maryland : Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley told CNN in an interview that he asked the White House to not send the minor immigrants to a site in western Maryland that was under consideration . "  What I said was that would not be the most inviting site in Maryland . There are already hundreds of kids already located throughout Maryland , " O'Malley said . The plan was scuttled . O'Malley officials pointed to graffiti that was found spray painted on the shelter site in Westminster , Maryland , last weekend as an indication of hostility the migrant housing plan was generating . "  No illeagles here . No undocumented Democrats , " the graffiti read . A Maryland law enforcement official told the Washington Post the message would be investigated as a hate crime . Washington : Roughly 600 unaccompanied immigrant children from Central America may soon be heading to Joint Base Lewis-McChord south of Tacoma , according to CNN affiliate KING . Representatives with HHS are slated to meet Wednesday with Lakewood city leaders and staffers from the office of Democratic Rep. Denny Heck to discuss the matter . "  The biggest concern we have here in DuPont is the security , " DuPont City Administrator Ted Danek told the station . "  You 've got a lot of people coming here  with  no known backgrounds . " And on Monday , the U.S. government deported the first group of what authorities promise will be many more -- about 40 mothers and children . They flew to Honduras on a charter flight . Despite the perils of their journey to the United States and their failed attempt to stay , one woman plans to make the trek again . There is nothing left for them at home , she said .	A number of U.S. towns have protested the arrival of unaccompanied immigrant kids The harshest clashes have been in border states and communities in Western states As feds search for more space to house immigrant minors , some states say there 's no room Religious and humanitarian aid groups , as well as others , have offered help
CNN  -- As far as I 'm concerned , John Matuszak said everything there is to say about professional football back in 1979 when he was playing the role of a bent lineman in "  North Dallas Forty . " Matuszak , or "  Tooz " as players and fans knew him , was something of a renegade individualist in the National Football League and the movie 's script gave him the opportunity to unleash a rebel yell : Embittered by his team 's tough loss , and by an assistant coach 's lame scolding , his character goes off on the coach , shouting at one point , "  Every time I call it a game , you call it a business . Every time I call it a business , you call it a game . " And it 's that very dichotomy that looms even larger during Super Bowl week . The media keep insisting there 's a game being played Sunday night in New Jersey . But all anybody really cares about is the Business -- as in , the torrents of revenue being raked in from advertising  have you seen that there are now trailers -- for the commercials ?  , the marketing , the gambling and , of course , the partying that goes on not only in New York and New Jersey in the lead-up to the Ultimate Game , but from sea to shining sea Sunday night . Players know it , for sureâ $ " and it continues to embody my own ambivalence about American tackle football . I get caught up in the game 's drama , its unexpected twists , its ongoing tension between best-laid game plans and the ever-looming potential for their disruptions . I get caught up , too , with the sideline rants , growls , collisions and screw-ups caught at varied speeds by the wizardry of NFL Films . But while football 's orchestrated aggression and violence may entertain me , my family and friends -- and the rest of Living Room Americaâ $ " we 're all newly alive to the physical and mental risks these players are taking . How does one stay passionate about football in the face of the grim , steadily mounting number of cases involving ex-players undergoing physical and mental injury and anguish over the sport 's long-term effects ? In last Sunday 's New York Times Magazine , author Steve Almond wondered whether it was immoral to watch and enjoy the Super Bowl while knowing full well that playing the game has caused "  catastrophic brain injury ... not as a rare and unintended consequence , but as a routine byproduct of how the game is played . " I 've expressed similar misgivings here about the flood of disclosures about long-term injury and the manner in which the NFL tried at first to either disregard or demean this peril . It 's not just the dementia , memory loss and other symptoms that cast shadows over the NFL 's gaudy , golden image . This seems the right place to mention that Matuszak , who was so physically imposing as a player that he seemed invincible , died 10 years after "  North Dallas Forty " was made . He was only 39 years old and his death was attributed to an overdose of prescription pain medication . Gregg Easterbrook , who publishes the weekly Tuesday Morning Quarterback column for ESPN.com , wrote this week that painkiller abuse "  may be pro football 's next scandal . " Over time , watching these players run into each other at top speed while imagining what their minds and lives will be like 20 years afterward could finish me off as a fan . So could the sheer fatigue of witnessing , year after year , the NFL 's seemingly inexhaustible capacity for inhaling money , which only compounds its overbearing corporate culture . I already have little patience with the game 's ethos as articulated in such bromides as "  Doing Whatever It Takes to Win " or that deathless line that the late , exalted Green Bay coach Vince Lombardi appropriated from a John Wayne movie , "  Winning is n't everything , but it 's the only thing , " which even Lombardi , the man for whom the Super Bowl Trophy is named , came to believe was too simplistic . Such platitudes have made tackle football a useable , if not overused metaphor for what it 's like to work , live and , above all , prevail in modern corporate society . But it 's not just a metaphor . Hard-working men such as my father found release , empathy and satisfaction watching the comparably hard work of his beloved New York Giants for decades . It used to be enough for he and millions of fans over the decades of professional football history to watch skilled craftsmen ply their trade , defy the odds , impose their wills , share their joy and passion . It 'd be nice , too , if somewhere in the hype and hysteria , we could all calm down enough to see the Super Bowl in such elemental terms . But as near as I can tell , it 's the Business that now holds an overpowering edge over the Game . And what 's worse : I ca n't tell how much longer the Game itself will hold out . opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : Super Bowl points up how NFL 's money machine mars joy of game He says that and coverup of players ' long-term injury make him ambivalent about football Some question whether it 's moral to support NFL , especially its overbearing corporate culture Seymour : Can we not simply enjoy football ? Big Business has overpowered the game
CNN  -- The familiar string intro filled the room . The happy couple stepped onto the dance floor . And as they took each other 's arms , Etta James ' voice began to tell the story of their marriage . "  At last ... " "  We had waited so long to meet the right person , " recalled Jennifer Macdonel of Sugar Land , Texas , who married her husband , Rudy , in March 2010 . She was 32 , and he was 41 . "  It seemed as if everyone we knew was already married , or had been married before . Just when we thought that we had kissed every frog left in the universe and given up on true love , we met . " It 's a fairy tale scene that 's been witnessed at thousands of weddings since James ' recording of the classic , romantic song "  At Last " was released in 1961 . And though James died on January 20 at age 73 , her legacy lives on in couples around the world . After her death , many of them paid tribute to the woman who described their relationships like no one else could . When the Macdonels heard that James had died , they honored her by rewatching their wedding video and dancing under the stars to the song she made famous . "  No other song could possibly capture the story behind our love , and the very long journey that we endured until we finally met , " Jennifer Macdonel said . "  Etta James will forever live deep in our souls , as every time we watch our wedding video and hear that song , we will be reminded of our special day . " Many other couples chose "  At Last " as their song for the same reason . "  My wife and I were born just a month apart in 1977 across the world , " said Nicholas Montana , an American whose wife , Leily Vassigh-Montana , is from Iran . "  It was n't 'til we were both at the age of 30 did we meet and marry six months later . ` At Last ' seemed like a song that was meant to be , just like our intertwining fates . " Nicholas had n't heard the song before the couple had to choose a piece for their first dance as husband and wife , but "  was taken by its emotional character and lyrics . Little did I know it was such a popular wedding song , and rightfully so , " he said . The pair were married in April 2008 and now live in Miami . "  We wish -LSB- James ' -RSB- family to be proud that she was able to bring so much joy to many couples around the world , " he added . For other couples , the song was a humorous nod to long courtships that their families thought would never end at the altar . When Kimberly Griffiths and her husband , Richard Cicciarelli , stepped onto the dance floor to the first strains of "  At Last , " their wedding guests burst out laughing . The pair had dated for nine years before finally getting married in July 2008 in upstate New York . "  As the music started and the first words of ` At Last ' blasted over the speakers , everyone laughed and clapped because they all knew it was a long journey for us , " Griffiths said . "  It was the perfect fit . It was one of my favorite songs , " she said . "  It 's so soulful and tells exactly how I feel about the relationship with my husband . ... No one could reproduce the feeling that Etta conveys when she sings it . " "  At Last " was the soundtrack to Tina and Craig Wehrbein 's engagement and wedding , so of course they had to go see James live when she performed in their city of Omaha , Nebraska , in 2007 . "  We could n't wait to go see her sing our song live on stage , " Tina wrote . "  She was in her late sixties at the time , but wow -- what an entertainer she was ! I was pregnant with our second child when we saw her , but that did n't stop me from enjoying the concert like a teenager ! " Another couple had a different kind of message in mind when they chose "  At Last " for their wedding . Jasmine Brown-Denny married her husband , Randy Denny , in September 2009 . The Brooklyn , New York , couple chose the song because it seemed to describe their relationship -- and to honor President Barack Obama . "  The song also signified the inauguration of the first African American president , " Brown-Denny said . "  We were both big supporters of President Obama and his campaign and excitedly watched several inauguration balls where the song played prominently . " She remembers staying up all night watching the president and first lady Michelle Obama dance the night away at the inaugural balls . "  When we chose the song , we had the first family in mind . " And for Jenn Greenberg , "  At Last " was always her wedding song . She knew from the time she was 10 years old that it would be played at her wedding . "  My mom would play this song , as a record , when I was a little girl and I thought it was so romantic , " said the Epping , New Hampshire , resident . "  I would listen to it and piece together all the traits and things that would make the perfect husband . I 've always known that ` At Last ' would be the song I 'd want to use as my wedding song with my husband . " In June 2006 , Greenberg married her husband , Dave , and finally got to dance to her -- and thousands of couples ' -- perfect wedding song . All thanks to Etta James .	Etta James ' classic "  At Last " is a popular wedding song Couples who featured the song at weddings pay tribute to the singer , who died January 20 Some chose the song to show how long they dated ; others because they married later in life See all the tributes , including one bride 's rendition of the song , on CNN iReport
Cairo  CNN  -- An Islamist party that once supported Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy met Wednesday with a prominent opposition group to talk about a solution to the political strife that has wracked the country in recent days . The ultraconservative al-Nour party had backed Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood , rallying support for the country 's new constitution and its emphasis on Sharia law . Secularists have opposed them . But on Wednesday , members of al-Nour met with the opposition National Salvation Front , a group composed primarily of non-Islamist parties opposed to Morsy . The two sides are discussing a proposal by al-Nour to end the crisis . Egypt has been embroiled in violence since last Friday after a series of seemingly unrelated events last week . On Wednesday , protesters faced off against police in downtown Cairo , with police clad in riot gear chasing demonstrators into alleys . The latest anti-government furor stems from a limited state of emergency declared by Morsy that imposes a 30-day curfew on areas of violence , including the provinces of Port Said , Suez and Ismalia along the Suez Canal . But on Tuesday , Morsy appeared to back off from his orders , allowing local governments to decide whether to impose the curfew . Critics have accused Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , of hoarding power . In a speech this week , he acknowledged the legitimate dissent in Egypt , saying "  dialogue is the only way to bring about stability and security . " He invited representatives from 11 political parties to a meeting to try to solve the conflict . But Mohamed ElBaradei , head of the Constitution Party and a member of the National Salvation Front , reiterated two demands before the front would engage in dialogue : the formation of a new government and a committee to amend the constitution . Morsy on Wednesday was in Berlin , where he referred to the strife in his country during a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . The Egyptian president said he was working to establish constitutional institutions but vowed not to go beyond what he is empowered to do . "  I do n't want to use any extraordinary measures in the transitional period , and I would not allow myself or anyone else to go against the law , " he said . His state of emergency declaration and curfew are "  only for one month , " and the governors in affected areas retain the power to govern as they see fit , Morsy said . "  Egypt will achieve a state of law and order that we all aspire to , " he said . "  A civil state that is not run by the military , but its civilians with institutions , with democracy and also the transfer of democracy . A modern country in every sense . " On Tuesday , outgoing U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the unrest was not surprising . "  It 's very difficult going from enclosed regime -- essentially one-man rule -- to a democracy that is trying to be born and learn to walk , " she told CNN . The government must represent all of the people ; the rule of law must apply to everyone ; and the constitution must not marginalize any one group , she said . "  I think the messages and the actions coming from the leadership have to be changed in order to give people confidence that they are on the right path to the kind of future they seek . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman in Cairo and Tom Watkins in Atlanta contributed to this report	Mohamed Morsy , in Berlin , rejects "  extraordinary measures in the transitional period " The ultraconservative al-Nour party meets with the opposition National Salvation Front Al-Nour had backed Morsy but has criticized the president amid recent turmoil Morsy delegates curfew orders to local governments
A 20-minute drive from Kiev takes you to a neighborhood that feels more like Beverly Hills than central Ukraine . In a quiet oasis , huge mansions sit on lush lawns behind gilded gates . Private security guards stand watch over quiet , tree-lined streets . You 'd never know you 're in a country in the midst of a violent conflict , with near daily reports of intense battles killing soldiers , pro-Russian separatists , and civilians -- including children . These are the mansions that rose when the Soviet Union fell . And this is where many of Kiev 's new rich are riding out the crisis , far from the front lines of eastern Ukraine . Here , we find Kiev millionaire Vyacheslav Konstantinovsky sitting nervously on his grandiose outdoor patio . He is surrounded by the spoils of a successful construction business and restaurant chain . Konstantinovsky -- with a shaved head , tattoos , and muscled physique -- does n't look like your stereotypical fat cat millionaire . He looks tough , rugged -- and fearful for his country . "  If we sit and enjoy life here the -LSB- the war -RSB- will come to us also , " he tells me . Konstantinovsky worries about the struggling Ukrainian military . For years it had been ill equipped , untrained , and underfunded . Now , he and his twin brother are part of a growing group of Ukraine 's mega rich making massive military contributions . Konstantinovsky has donated $ 450,000 -- a figure funded , in part , by the sale of his Rolls Royce Phantom -- to the military to supply soldiers with weapons , uniforms , and supplies . "  I can live without -LSB- my -RSB- Rolls Royce . But now it 's difficult to live without enough arms , " he says . According to Forbes , seven of Ukraine 's 100 richest people have publicly donated to the military . Prosecutors are investigating others on the Forbes list for financing pro-Russian rebels . The United Nations says more than 2,000 people have died in eastern Ukraine since mid-April . Many are civilian volunteers , who left their families and jobs to join the fight . What sets Konstantinovsky apart from other wealthy Ukranian donors is the 53-year-old 's background as a Soviet soldier . Now , he is a member of Ukraine 's volunteer battalions . "  If we do n't fight , than we will be humiliated and we will live in the same country as it was before , when there was corruption . -LSB- The old government -RSB- was robbing businesses , they were putting people in jail for nothing , " he says . He 's already done one rotation in Donetsk , and plans to return to the front lines . He knows that each day , volunteers like him die -- yet is ready to send his wife and children abroad , leave his mansion and join the fight . "  Of course I worry . But I hope for good luck , " he says . He hopes for a fast end to the fighting and the birth of a new , stronger Ukraine . He hopes for a country with more jobs , and more millionaires like him . "  First we have to finish the war . Then we will look at what to do , " he says . Ukraine 's supporters are also crowd-funding , raising $ 12 million for the country 's defense ministry in the latest campaign . The support comes despite the country 's fragile economy , falling salaries and weak currency .	Many of Ukraine 's mega rich making massive military contributions Of Ukraine 's 100 richest people , according to Forbes , seven have publicly donated to the military But prosecutors are also investigating others for financing pro-Russian rebels
Budget Travel  -- Hard as it may be for anyone under 30 to imagine , there was a time when people used to shoot eight-millimeter films while on vacation and then show them to friends and family gathered around a projector in the living room . Nowadays , capturing video is far easier  whether you use a video camera , a digital still camera with video capability or even a cell phone  , as is the sharing : YouTube has proved that millions of folks have learned to upload video to a computer and instantly e-mail a link to family and friends . Whether you use a video camera , a digital still camera with video capability , or even a cell phone , capturing video has never been easier . While YouTube remains a popular venue for sharing vacation videos , Web sites specifically targeting travelers are also springing up . The quality of the applications and usefulness of the content , however , vary greatly . We tested four to see which are easiest , which have bugs to work out and which can even help you offset your travel costs . Travelistic For anyone just getting the hang of online video sharing , no-frills Travelistic -- founded by veterans of Condé Nast , iFilm and MTV -- is a good start . Before you upload a video , Travelistic directs you through a simple registration process and asks you to write a short description of your clip . When the video is posted , you can e-mail friends to tell them to watch it . You can also create a profile page to list your videos , add links to other people 's clips and indicate on a world map where you 've been and where you 'd like to go . Cool : Similar to YouTube , Travelistic gives an embed code for most postings , allowing anyone on the Internet to add the clip to his or her own Web site or blog . Likewise , YouTube videos can be embedded into Travelistic . Not cool : No registration is required to leave comments on other people 's videos , leading to spam . Travelistic also does n't restrict who can post videos , so some material on the site comes from tourism promoters . Upload time : Painfully slow at 20 minutes . * Revver Revver is a general-interest video-sharing site with a category devoted to travel clips . Its process for uploading a video is similar to Travelistic 's , but the personal "  dashboard " is much more sophisticated . You can collect friends , à la Facebook , and add other people 's videos to your playlist  a compilation of favorite clips  . There are also more ways to share your videos : The site allows you to use embed codes to link your videos to social-networking sites , and your friends can download the clips as podcasts in iTunes . Cool : The site affixes small advertisements to the bottom of every video , usually promoting something germane .  For example , an ad for a Miami hotel is attached to a home movie of Miami Beach .  Revver then pays you half the revenue it makes from the video ads -- the total depends on how many people view the ads or click on them . You can track how much you 've made in your dashboard , and you 're automatically paid through PayPal once you 've earned at least $ 20 . Earnings can be substantial . The creators of an extremely popular Diet Coke and Mentos video on the site have made $ 50,000 . Not cool : Editors screen all of the videos to ensure that no obscene or copyrighted material will be posted to the site -- the process can take several hours or even a day . If your video has more than 10 seconds of a Beyoncé song in the background , for instance , the editors could consider it a copyright violation and block the clip 's posting . Upload time : Five minutes . Tripfilms Founded by four friends in New York City , including former IgoUgo chief executive Tony Cheng , Tripfilms is geared toward people who think of themselves as filmmakers , professional or otherwise , with higher-quality and more informative clips than those on other video-sharing sites . But that should n't deter the novice videographer ; Tripfilms 's videos may be slicker than those on other Web sites , but the site is n't necessarily more exclusive . The staff posts all videos submitted by users unless the clips are offensive . There are also tips on producing better videos , such as finding an opening or closing shot and writing a more natural script . Cool : The site has a Film Your Trip program in which people pitch ideas for video travel stories to the editors and -- if their ideas are accepted -- are paid at least $ 50 for each clip they produce . If you ask , the staff may edit your video to make it look more professional or give advice on how to do it yourself . The site also occasionally gives away an iPod Nano to the creators of the top videos . Not cool : Tripfilms is less than a year old , so traffic is low . There are just 700 videos on the site ; only a handful have more than a few thousand viewings . Upload time : Six minutes . Zoom And Go Zoom And Go sees itself as a combination of TripAdvisor and YouTube . The site allows users to not only upload videos and photos , but also to write reviews for hotels , destinations and attractions , and to search for hotels in certain cities . Navigating the site , however , can be slightly problematic . When you click on a city like London , for instance , you can add it to your Trip Planner , but that just creates a list of bookmarked places -- there 's no actual planning function yet . The site also has a tool to check hotel availability , but clicking on the link to book the room in both Firefox and Safari led to an error page . Cool : Zoom And Go does n't attach ads to videos , but it 's launching a system that 'll award points for every video , photo and review posted on the site . The points will then be redeemable for money that 'll go to the charity of the user 's choice . Videos will be worth 30 points apiece ; every 100 points accrued will earn $ 1 . The editors also say that all content is provided by actual travelers , not tourism promoters . Not cool : Although Zoom And Go claims to have the largest collection of travel videos on the Internet  more than 14,000  , the clips are rarely longer than a minute , providing just a cursory glimpse of a hotel lobby or a tourist destination . Upload time : Seven minutes . * For all tests , we used broadband Wi-Fi to upload a four-minute clip . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Video-share Web sites specifically targeting travelers are springing up Travelistic gives an embed code for most postings , so others can post the clip Revver pays users half the revenue it makes from ads on their submissions
CNN  -- Most people across Muslim and Arab lands viewed President Obama 's speech in Cairo , Egypt , as "  excellent , " a spokesman for the hard-line Palestinian movement Hamas said . Hamas spokesman Ahmed Yousef talked about President Obama 's "  historical " speech Friday on CNN . But the official , Ahmed Yousef , interviewed on CNN 's "  American Morning " from Gaza City , said there 's a question on the street : Is the American president "  ready to walk the way he talks ? " "  This is the question , " said Yousef , the senior adviser for former Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniya . In his address to Muslims , Obama called for bridging gaps between Israelis and Palestinians and urged the establishment of a two-state solution to the conflict . He called for an end to Israeli settlement building , and he called for the Palestinians to end violence against the Jewish state . And he cast a portrait of a grinding Palestinian existence . "  For more than 60 years , they have endured the pain of dislocation . Many wait in refugee camps in the West Bank , Gaza and neighboring lands for a life of peace and security that they have never been able to lead , " Obama said Thursday . "  They endure the daily humiliations -- large and small -- that come with occupation . So let there be no doubt : The situation for the Palestinian people is intolerable . America will not turn our backs on the legitimate Palestinian aspiration for dignity , opportunity and a state of their own . " But at the same time , Obama , while acknowledging that Hamas has some support among Palestinians , said the group has to realize that it has "  responsibilities . " "  To play a role in fulfilling Palestinian aspirations , to unify the Palestinian people , Hamas must put an end to violence , recognize past agreements , recognize Israel 's right to exist , " Obama said . The leadership of Hamas , considered by the United States and Israel to be a terrorist organization , won elections in Palestinian territories in 2006 , prompting stringent sanctions from the West . The speech comes months after an eruption of war in Hamas-controlled Gaza , when Israel launched a tough offensive against militants firing rockets at communities in southern Israel before the forging of a cease-fire that Hamas says is violated by Israel . Though Yousef called Thursday 's speech "  historical " and cited the president 's "  wonderful words , " he said Obama did n't call for lifting Western sanctions in Gaza and for helping the Palestinians . And , he said , more needs to be done to bridge gaps between the West and the Muslim world . Watch Yousef talk about Obama 's "  wonderful words " " "  They 're still ignoring that the Palestinians are suffering from the sanctions , and this has become like a crime against humanity . It 's collective punishment endorsed by the people in the West . I hope that we 're going to hear something positive and see again action or facts on the ground after this speech , " Yousef said . The two-state solution has been elusive for the state of Israel and the Palestinians . Yousef said the recognition of Israel should be considered until there is an independent Palestinian state . Israel wants recognition of its right to exist before it crafts a peace deal with the Palestinians . "  President Obama is a professor of international law ; he understands that you ca n't ask the people who are under occupation to recognize their occupier . This is against the international law , " he said . "  When we have our own state , a free and independent Palestinian state , then we can talk about this issue of recognition . ... It 's too early to talk about recognition while we are suffering for the last 60 years from the occupation . " Hamas says a "  concrete path " is required "  on the ground . " There have been promises under the Bush administration for the establishment of a Palestinian state , Yousef said . But the Palestinians "  lost confidence " in the world community because of "  Israeli aggression justified by the Americans and the world community . " He now thinks the West needs to prove that it is "  really sincere " about Palestinians concern and is "  ready to help the Palestinian to have their own independent state . "	Obama acknowledged Palestinians ' "  daily humiliations , " "  pain of dislocation " Hamas says more must be done to bridge gaps between West , Muslim world Palestinians still suffering because of sanctions , spokesman says "  It 's too early to talk about recognition " of Israel , he says
CNN  -- It 's hard to keep up with so many statistics about modern parenting , but here 's one that floored me when I heard it a few years ago : By 4 , children living in poverty hear 30 million fewer words than children in higher income households , according to researchers . Thirty million ! That is horrendous , but it gets worse : Hearing fewer words leads to learning fewer words , which means children start kindergarten with smaller vocabularies and a so-called "  word gap . " Often , they ca n't catch up when it comes to academic readiness and long-term achievement , studies have found . This week , the American Academy of Pediatrics announced new guidelines that encourage doctors to talk to parents not just about nutrition and illnesses but about the importance of reading out loud , singing and talking during an infant 's first days . "  Fewer than half of children younger than 5 years old are read to daily in our country , " the group 's president , James M. Perrin , said in a statement . "  The benefits are so compelling that encouraging reading at young children 's check-ups has become an essential component of our care . " Pediatricians see 16 million children 5 and younger every year in the United States , said Patti Miller , co-director of Too Small to Fail , a joint initiative of the Clinton Foundation and Next Generation , which is focused on helping parents close the "  word gap " and improve the lives of children . "  So getting this word out through pediatricians and having them recommend to parents and support reading out loud to their children starting in infancy is so amazing and critically important , " Miller said . My husband and I read aloud to our girls , 6 and 8 , every day from the minute they were born , and we still do it during breakfast or before bedtime . Their love of reading shows us they have certainly benefited , and it truly pains me to think about their peers who might have missed out before enrolling in elementary school . President Barack Obama , in a video released by the White House on Wednesday , saluted the move by the doctor 's group in connection with Too Small to Fail to help "  bridge the word gap ' " and increase children 's chances of success later in life . "  We know that ... if a black or Latino child is n't ready for kindergarten , they 're half as likely to finish middle school with strong academic and social skills , " Obama said . "  By giving more of our kids access to high-quality preschool and other early learning programs -- and by helping parents get the tools they need to help their kids succeed -- we can give those kids a better shot at the career they 're capable of , and the life that will make us all better off . " The key is getting the message to parents who too often do n't realize the importance of reading aloud , talking and singing in the early years , Miller said . "  While this is a big gap , the good news is that the solution is pretty straightforward and we know that if we can get this important message out to parents about why you need to talk , read and sing , it can go a long way in terms of ameliorating this word gap , " she added . The mission has some bipartisan support . Too Small to Fail released videos Wednesday of Cindy McCain , wife of Republican Arizona Sen. John McCain , former GOP Sen. Bill Frist and Hillary Clinton , who are teaming up to raise awareness about the importance of early literacy . Clinton talked about how she sang to her daughter , Chelsea , every night when she was a baby . When Chelsea finally mouthed "  No sing , mommy , no sing , " Clinton went back to reading , she said in the video . "  Singing , reading or just talking is an important part of not only my daughter 's brain development , but every child 's , " Clinton said . "  Thanks to new research , we know that children 's brains light up and make new connections when their parents speak to them from the earliest days , but many of our youngest kids are n't getting the support they need to grow and thrive . " Said Cindy McCain , "  As a parent and former teacher , I 'm very familiar with the way a child 's eyes light up when he or she first starts to understand a new concept . Every moment a parent spends with a child , talking , singing , reading a bedtime story is an opportunity to make a lifelong impact in the child 's life . " As part of the effort , Scholastic Inc. is donating 500,000 books for children up to 3 years old during the next year . The books will be distributed to 20,000 medical providers nationwide to be given to families during pediatrician visits . The American Academy of Pediatricians and Too Small to Fail are also developing a toolkit to help doctors teach parents how they can add more communication with their infants and toddlers to every day activities such as diaper changes , meal time , bath time and bus rides . "  Parents do n't have a lot of extra time . They 're working , they 're often working multiple jobs and doing their best to get everything done in a day so what we 're trying to do is make these tips very simple and straightforward , " Miller said . If you have an infant or a toddler or you know anyone who does , encourage them to sing , talk and read aloud to their littlest ones . Those activities are just as important as making sure they get all the food and sleep they need to thrive . For more resources on how to communicate with your infant or toddler , check out tips here from Too Small to Fail . Did reading to your children make a difference in their lives ? Share your thoughts in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	The American Academy of Pediatrics announced new guidelines on early literacy Doctors should encourage parents to read out loud to infants and children , group says Research : Low-income children hear fewer words than kids from higher-income families President Barack Obama touted importance of reading out loud in new video
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai police said Tuesday that they would seek court permission to extend the detention of a Lebanese man they have charged with illegal possession of explosive materials . The move comes amid tension after the United States and Israel warned their citizens in Bangkok on Friday of the possibility of an imminent terrorist attack . The police charged the man , Atris Hussein , on Monday after finding "  initial chemical materials that could produce bombs " in an area just outside Bangkok . The police said Hussein , who also holds a Swedish passport , led them to the location . The authorities are accusing Hussein of trying to attack spots in Bangkok that are popular with Western tourists and say he is believed to belong to Hezbollah , the Shiite Muslim group active in Lebanon that the United States views as a terrorist organization . Hussein will be brought to the criminal court Tuesday , so that the police can request authorization to continue to hold him as they pursue their investigation , said Piya Uthayo , a police spokesman . The charges of illegally possessing explosives carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison . Thai authorities said Sunday they were still looking for another suspect of Middle Eastern origin in the case , providing a sketch of his face . The materials found Monday in Samutsakorn , southwest of Bangkok , included 400 boxes of fertilizers weighing a total of more than 4,000 kilograms and 1,500 liters of liquid ammonia nitrate , together with 400 electric fans , according to CNN affiliate MCOT . They were found in a shop house , a type of store common in Southeast Asia that gives onto the sidewalk and also serves as the owner 's residence . Based on comments from Hussein , the authorities believe that "  Thailand is only a transit point to send these initial explosive materials to other regional countries , " said Police General Priewpan Damapong . A U.S. Embassy statement on Friday spoke of "  foreign terrorists " who may be planning attacks "  in the near future . " It urged U.S. citizens to exercise caution when visiting public areas where large groups of Western tourists gather in Bangkok . Israel issued a similar alert later Friday . Thailand is a highly popular tourist destination , and Bangkok serves as a major transport hub for the Southeast Asian region . The country has undergone periods of unrest in recent years . It experienced a spate of political violence during anti-government demonstrations in 2010 . And Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces in a country that is overwhelmingly Buddhist , with a number of bombings taking place last year .	Thai police have charged a Lebanese man with illegally possessing explosives They will ask a court to extend the period of his detention for further investigation The move comes after the U.S. and Israel warned of a terrorist threat in Bangkok Thai authorities are accusing the suspect of plotting attacks
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea will hold its largest-ever winter live-fire drills Thursday in an area adjacent to North Korea , the South Korean Army said on Wednesday . The drills are scheduled as tensions between the two countries remain high . South Korea held live-fire military exercises earlier this week , a move that North Korea said could ignite a war . Both Koreas have traded tough talk and conducted military drills in the weeks after North Korea shelled a South Korean island last month . See more of CNN.com 's Koreas coverage The attack killed two marines and two civilians .	The drills come as tensions between the two Koreas remain high South Korea held live-fire military exercises earlier this week
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan detained a senior Army officer for suspected connections to a militant organization , a military spokesman said Tuesday . Brig. Ali Khan , stationed at military headquarters in the garrison town of Rawalpindi for the past two years , has been in custody for the past two days over alleged links to the militant group Hizb ut-Tahrir , said spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas . He said the Pakistani army follows a "  zero tolerance policy " for anyone "  indulging in such illegal and unauthorized activities . " An investigation into Khan is ongoing . Khan 's detainment comes as Pakistan 's ties to the United States have been strained over strategy in combating terrorism . Lask week , Pakistan 's intelligence agency detained several people who gave information to the United States before the raid in Abbottabad that killed Osama bin Laden . Washington has complained that Pakistan has not done enough to fight al Qaeda and other militants . Senior U.S. officials also suspect that some in Pakistan helped bin Laden live there . Hizb ut-Tahrir has been critical of Pakistan 's American allies and has called for an end to the U.S. military presence in the South Asian nation . CNN 's Aliza Kassim and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Brig. Ali Khan was stationed at Pakistan 's military headquarters He was taken into custody for alleged ties to Hizb ut-Tahrir The detention comes when U.S.-Pakistan relations are strained
CNN  -- A state appeals court Friday upheld an involuntary manslaughter conviction against Johannes Mehserle , a former San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer who shot and killed 22-year-old Oscar Grant in Oakland . The appeal questioned some of the evidence and instructions that were given to the jury at Mehserle 's 2010 trial . "  We disagree with defendant 's contentions and affirm the judgment of conviction , " wrote the three-judge panel of the First District Court of Appeal in San Francisco . Mehserle was accused of fatally shooting Grant on New Year 's Day 2009 on a platform of a Bay Area Rapid Transit station . Mehserle said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun . He was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction , but was released last year because of a California law that allowed him to reduce his sentence to nearly a year . This case has been controversial in California 's Bay Area community for years . The 2009 shooting was captured on a bystander 's cellphone video camera . The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man . The video was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts , and it spurred several protests in and around Oakland .	Johannes Mehserle was convicted in 2010 of killing an unarmed man He was sentenced to two years in prison The shooting has been controversial in California 's Bay Area community
EW.com  -- A North Carolina newspaper is reporting that Lowe 's will not back down from its decision to pull commercials from TLC 's "  All-American Muslim , " a reality show that offers a positive portrayal of Muslim life . Its initial move to yank the spots came after a Christian group in Florida encouraged members to email the program 's advertisers because of how the show excludes "  many Islamic believers whose agenda poses a clear and present danger to liberties and traditional values that the majority of Americans cherish . " "  The decision was absolutely not , despite what 's been reported in the media , influenced by any one group , " said Lowe 's vice president of marketing , Tom Lamb . He said that the decision to stop advertising on the show had been made before the Florida Family Association emailed Lowe 's CEO , Robert Niblock . Lamb 's statements were made after the company met with North Carolina clergy members who delivered a petition from people opposed to the retailer 's decision to pull commercials , according to the Charlotte Observer . Lowe 's is based in Mooresville , North Carolina . Lamb told the Observer he was "  surprised " that the Christian group was credited with pressuring Lowe 's , which made the "  routine " decision to pull the ad . A spokesman says the first spot aired December 4 as part of a bulk buy .  TLC did n't specify which shows the ad would appear in  . Within 24 hours , negative feedback about the TLC show had appeared on the company 's social media sites , so the decision to pull the ad was made shortly thereafter . "  We 're surprised at how much happened and how quickly it happened in the context of an advertising decision , " Lamb said . Previously , Lowe 's acknowledged and defended its decision on Twitter : "  We did not pull our ads based solely on the complaints or emails of any one group . It is never our intent to alienate anyone . Lowe 's values diversity of thought in everyone , including our employees and prospective customers . " Meanwhile , the Florida Family Association claims that more than a million people sent emails companies who advertised on the TLC show and asked them to stop . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The decision was absolutely not influenced by any one group , " said Lowe 's VP of marketing The company met with North Carolina clergy members who delivered a petition Negative feedback about the TLC show had appeared on the company 's social media sites
Seoul  CNN  -- Everyone 's made a joke they thought was funny only to see it fall flat , but Park Jung-geun 's attempt at humor could see him jailed for up to seven years in South Korea . Park , a photographer by profession , re-tweeted some messages from North Korea 's official twitter feed , such as reports on the late leader Kim Jong Il 's travels across the country and negative tweets about South Korea . "  I found the messages ludicrous because they are so harsh and the language is so out-dated . I found them funny , so I re-tweeted them , " Park told CNN . Park , 23 , also took a photo of himself holding a whiskey bottle and edited in a North Korean flag as a background for a joke . His supporters then doctored a North Korean military poster , replacing a smiling soldier with a sad photo of Park and the image of the gun with another whiskey bottle . But Park was imprisoned in January of this year , accused of "  acts that benefit the enemy " and spreading North Korean propaganda . He was released on bail in February and has another court appearance in mid-July . He 's still hoping the charges against him will be dropped . "  To be honest , if you did this in North Korea , you would be severely punished , " Park said . "  But this is South Korea and I thought there would n't be a problem as I did it for fun . It certainly was n't for propaganda purposes . " Park is the latest person to fall foul of South Korea 's controversial National Security Law  NSL  . Used widely during the years of military dictatorship in the 1970s and '80s , the law was designed to protect the state against North Korean propaganda and to prosecute spies . But human rights groups say it was also used to persecute political dissidents and stifle freedom of speech . Amnesty International says the law is still being abused , especially against those critical of the government 's policies on North Korea . "  The NSL has a chilling effect on freedom of expression in South Korea , " said Sam Zarifi , Amnesty 's Asia-Pacific director . "  It is used , not to address threats to national security , but instead to intimidate people and limit their rights to free speech . It should be reformed in line with human rights law and if the government can not do this , it must be abolished , " he said . The United Nations has also called on Seoul to change or repeal the law . President Lee Myung-bak 's office declined to comment on the issue but the law has certainly been more widely used since the conservative president came to power in 2008 . That year , just five people were prosecuted on charges of pro-North Korean online postings . Two years later that number had jumped to 82 . Some within the South Korean media are also criticizing the Lee administration for interfering in press freedom . Journalists from four major networks went on strike earlier this year . Employees from two of those stations have since gone back to work after promises from employers their concerns would be heard , but close to one thousand journalists remain on strike . "  President Lee Myung-bak has appointed pro-government people as presidents of the media companies , what we call ` parachutes , " said Kim Jong-wook , head of the YTN labor union which is still on strike . "  They are now trying to censor our voice and stop criticism of the government , " he added . The government denies interference but picketing journalists say they are worried they are seeing increased censorship reminiscent of the dark days of dictatorship .	South Korean man arrested over re-tweets of "  funny " North Korean tweets Park Jung-geun also tweeted an image of himself with the North Korean flag 23-year-old is accused of spreading North Korea propaganda Amnesty says the law is being used to stifle freedom of speech
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced on Thursday that he will nominate John Koskinen , a veteran of both public service and the private sector , to take over the embattled Internal Revenue Service . A blog post on the White House website described Koskinen , who recently turned 74 , as "  a retired corporate restructuring expert " who would become commissioner of the IRS upon confirmation by the Senate . The tax collection agency of 90,000 employees currently is headed by a temporary leader , Daniel Werfel , who was appointed by Obama in May in the aftermath of revelations that some groups seeking tax-exempt status were targeted for extra scrutiny based on political labels such as "  tea party . " Republicans have claimed the targeting amounts to political attacks on government enemies , but investigators have so far found no evidence of political motivation or involvement from outside the IRS . If confirmed , Koskinen will face continuing investigation of the targeting by Justice Department , the Treasury inspector general 's office and House Republicans , as well as GOP efforts to undermine Obama 's health care law which will be administered in large part by the IRS . "  John is an expert at turning around institutions in need of reform , " Obama said in a statement , adding that "  every part of our government must operate with absolute integrity and that is especially true for the IRS . I am confident that John will do whatever it takes to restore the public 's trust in the agency . " Koskinen previously was acting chief executive officer of Freddie Mac , the federal mortgage agency , and was a deputy mayor of Washington D.C. as well as deputy director of management at the U.S. Office of Management and Budget after a business career with the Palmieri Co. . In the Clinton administration , he was deputy director for management of the budget office and then oversaw efforts to manage the millennium conversion that occurred at the end of the year 2000 . He also has been a major figure in U.S. soccer , serving as vice chairman of the American Professional Soccer League and president of the United States Soccer Foundation .	John Koskinen is a veteran of both public service and the private sector Koskinen , 74 , headed Freddie Mac and served in the Clinton administration If confirmed by the Senate , he succeed acting IRS head Daniel Werfel Werfel was appointed in May amid the IRS targeting controversy
CNN  -- In a race to beat the flu season , medical institutes across the United States will begin human trials for a new H1N1 flu vaccine starting in early August , the National Institutes of Health announced Wednesday . Concern about the H1N1 virus grew after it spread quickly around the globe earlier this year . In the hope of getting the vaccine to those who will need it most by October , the clinical trials will enroll as many as 1,000 adults and children at 10 centers nationwide , said officials at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , a division of the NIH , which will lead the effort . The trials will measure the safety and effectiveness of the vaccine . The research is a first step toward U.S. health officials ' goal of developing a safe and effective vaccine against H1N1 , also known as swine flu , which has been declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization The time frame for developing a vaccine is a tight one . "  It 's going to be close , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . "  I believe it can be -LSB- ready by October -RSB- if things run smoothly . We hope they will , but you never can tell when you 're dealing with biological phenomena like making vaccines and administering them . " The announcement of the U.S. trials followed the announcement earlier this week , by an Australian company , CSL Ltd. , of the first human trials of a swine flu vaccine . Concern about the H1N1 virus grew after it spread quickly around the globe earlier this year . "  This virus has the potential to cause significant illness with hospitalizations and deaths during the U.S. flu season this fall and winter , " said Dr. Karen Kotloff , professor of pediatrics and lead investigator and researcher at Maryland 's Center for Vaccine Development . "  Vaccines have always been a vital tool for controlling influenza . The results of these studies will help to guide the optimal use of the H1N1 vaccines in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world . " After careful screening , volunteers will be inoculated and then asked to keep a diary on how they feel . After eight days their blood will be checked and after 21 days they will receive another dose , followed again by diary logs and blood tests . Patients will be monitored two months for safety issues , followed by a four-month and six-month checkup . "  The purpose of these trials is always to make sure they are safe , " Kotloff said . "  But even after six weeks , if things look good , we 're pretty sure the vaccine will work . " She noted the response to the vaccine may vary in different age groups . "  This is because young people have not seen a flu virus like this one before , " she noted . "  Older adults might have some immunity to the new H1N1 virus as a result of being exposed to similar flu viruses in the past . As a result , older adults might need fewer doses or a lower strength of the vaccine than younger individuals . " The vaccine at this point has been tested only in animals , where it has shown to be effective . Further trials will examine questions such as how the vaccine works in combination with the seasonal flu vaccine and whether including an adjutant , a substance that boosts the immune response to vaccines , can make it work better at lower doses . Other trial sites along with the University of Maryland Medical Center are Baylor College of Medicine , Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center , Emory University , Saint Louis University , Seattle Group Health Cooperative , the University of Iowa , and Vanderbilt University . They will be joined by Children 's Mercy Hospital and Duke University Medical Center . CNN 's Valerie Willingham and Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	Human trials for H1N1 flu vaccine start August , says University of Maryland Concern about H1N1 grew after it spread around the globe earlier this year Patients will be monitored two months for safety issues , followed by checkups Vaccine so far tested only in animals , where it has shown to be effective
CNN  -- Chelsea have qualified for the last 16 of the European Champions League after two Didier Drogba goals helped them to a 3-0 Group E victory over Valencia at Stamford Bridge . The English Premier League side needed a victory to guarantee their place in the knockout stage and they got the perfect start when Drogba scored in the third minute -- Chelsea 's fastest ever Champions League goal . Midfielder Ramires doubled their advantage midway through the half after capitalizing on some hesitant Valencia defending . Real Madrid to topple Barcelona in ` El Clasico ' clash ? And Drogba sealed the victory 14 minutes from time when sliding the ball home from Juan Mata 's slide-rule pass . The result also means Chelsea top the group with 11 points after Bayer Leverkusen -- who had already qualified -- were held to a 1-1 draw by Genk in Belgium . Jelle Vossen put the home side ahead in the first half with a superb volley , but Swiss striker Eren Derdiyok leveled for the Bundesliga side 11 minutes from time . Leverkusen go through as group runners-up on 10 points , with third-placed Valencia going into the Europa League and Genk eliminated from Europe . There was late drama in Group F , where Marseille came back from 2-0 down to win 3-2 at Dortmund , a result that saw them go through to the last 16 in second place behind already-qualified Arsenal . Poland midfielder Jakub Blaszczykowski put the home side ahead from close range in the 23rd minute and Mats Hummels doubled Dortmund 's advantage nine minutes later from the penalty spot , after captain Sebastian Kehl received a nasty kick in the face from defender Stephane Mbia . But Marseille gave themselves hope on the stroke of half-time when Loic Remy headed home Morgan Amalfitano 's right-wing cross . The score stayed that way until five minutes from the end when Andre Ayew powerfully headed home Amalfitano 's corner . And a sensational comeback was completed just two minutes later when substitute Mathieu Valbuena skipped past a couple of challenges before curling home a delightful winner . Marseille 's victory was bad news for Olympiakos , who beat a depleted Arsenal side 3-1 in Piraeus . Rafik Djebbour put the hosts ahead from a tight angle after a defensive mix-up and David Fuster made it 2-0 when goalkeeper Vito Mannone 's headed clearance fell to his feet -- and he found the net from outside the area . Yossi Benayoun pulled a goal back early in the second half with a fine strike from just inside the area but Olympiakos secured the win when Francois Modesto scored from close range after Olof Mellberg 's header had come back off the post . Despite the win , Marseille 's comeback means Olympiakos  9 points  have to settle for the Europa League . Arsenal finish top on 11 points with Marseille just a point behind and German champions Dortmund out of Europe on just four points . Surprise packages APOEL Nicosia had already qualified from Group G , but they ended the group with a defeat as Shakhtar Donetsk claimed a 2-0 away victory . The Ukrainian side had already been eliminated , but they inflicted a first defeat on the Cypriot side courtesy of goals from Luiz Adriano and Yevhen Seleznyov . Porto needed to beat Russian champions Zenit St Petersburg at home to qualify alongside APOEL , but the visitors defended solidly to secure a 0-0 draw . It meant APOEL and Zenit both qualified with nine points , with the Cypriot side top virtue of a better head-to-head record . Porto  eight points  have to settle for the Europa League . Barcelona and AC Milan had already qualified from Group H , but they enjoyed contrasting fortunes on Tuesday . Defending champions Barca thumped BATE Borisov 4-0 at the Nou Camp despite coach Pep Guardiola resting a host of key players ahead of ` El Clasico ' against Real Madrid on Saturday . Real Madrid to topple Barcelona in ` El Clasico ' clash ? It may have been an unfamiliar line-up , but the style of football was completely familiar as Barca scored at will against the Belarussians . Sergi Roberto opened the scoring in the 35th minute from the edge of the area and Martin Montoya made it 2-0 on the hour mark with his first senior goal . The more familiar face of Pedro added a third when he flicked home a cross -- and the Spanish international scored his second of the evening from the penalty spot . So Barcelona strolled through as group winners with an impressive 16 points , while BATE are eliminated in bottom place . In the other match , Italian champions AC Milan wasted a two-goal lead as Czech side Viktoria Plzen scored twice in the final minute to snatch an unlikely 2-2 draw . Alexandre Pato put Milan ahead two minutes after the break when controlling Robinho 's pass on his chest before rounding the keeper to score . And a minute later , the two Brazilians combined again , this time for Robinho to fire home . But , in a dramatic finale , Marek Bakos crossed for David Bystron to tap home from close range . Then Michal Duris burst into the Milan area in injury time to score a dramatic equalizer . Milan qualify for the last 16 in second place with nine points , while Plzen go into the Europa League after finishing with five points .	Chelsea are through to the Champions League last 16 after 3-0 win over Valencia Didier Drogba scores twice as the Premier League side qualify as Group E winners Marseille score two late goals to win 3-2 at Dortmund and qualify from Group F Zenit St Petersburg draw 0-0 in Porto to secure their qualification from Group G
