CNN  -- South Korea will attempt a second time to send a group of North Koreans back to the communist North on Monday , according to the Red Cross . The effort comes three days after North Korea refused accept the same group . The North rejected the first attempt by the South to repatriate 27 of the North Koreans over four defectors , who decided remain behind in South Korea . The North has demanded the return of the whole group of 31 -- including the defectors , according to South Korea 's official news agency Yonhap . The North Koreans accidentally crossed over into South Korean waters on a fishing boat in early February . The defections have become a new point of tension between the Koreas . Defection is a crime in North Korea that carries the death penalty , according to Yonhap . North Korea on Monday proposed working-level Red Cross talks regarding repatriation , according to a South Korean Red Cross news release . South Korea has accepted the proposal for talks but rejected a key demand by the North . The North Korean Red Cross plans to bring three family members of the four North Korean defectors to the meeting , according to the news release , and demand that the South Koreans bring the four defectors to the meeting with them . The South Korean government reaffirmed its intention Monday not to repatriate the four North Korean defectors , Yonhap reported . "  There is no change in our basic position that a decision made based on the free will of a person must be respected , " said South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Chun Hae-sung in the Yonhap report . South Korea 's intelligence agency questioned the North Koreans for about a month since they crossed over in early February before deciding to release the group , the Korean Red Cross said . There are currently more than 20,000 North Korean defectors in South Korea , according to the South 's Unification Ministry . The number of annual defectors has risen dramatically since the turn of the century and continues to climb . Defectors who are forcefully repatriated to the North after attempting to cross over into third countries such as China , Mongolia or Southeast Asia are commonly sent to prison camps as a punishment . Many defectors who live in South Korea fear for the lives of their family or relatives who remain in the North . CNN 's Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report	Four members of a group of 31 North Koreans have defected to the South North Korea is demanding the return of the whole group , including the defectors The South Korean government firmly refuses to return the four defectors
CNN  She stood there , injured and holding a knife , outside her Florida home . That image is horrifying enough , but nothing compared to what police say they found inside . All three of that woman 's children were unresponsive when officers encountered them Friday evening , including a 7-year-old girl who was reported dead soon thereafter , according to the Palm Bay police department . One of them , a 6-year-old boy , died later . A 5-month-old boy is seriously injured . Their mother , identified by police as Jessica Lacey McCarty , did n't comply to officers ' request that she drop her knife . So officers fired several "  less lethal " bean bag rounds at her , after which she was taken into custody , according to police . And on Saturday , Palm Bay police announced on the department 's Facebook page that McCarty was being charged with two counts of murder in connection with her children 's deaths . The 33-year-old woman is also facing an attempted murder charge regarding her infant son , who was in critical condition at a nearby hospital . After initially being taken to a hospital after suffering what police called "  non-life threatening injuries , " McCarty was moved to the Brevard County Detention Center , where she 's being held without bond . She will face a judge within 24 hours to address the charges , according to the Palm Bay post from around midday Saturday . "  A crime like this is beyond words , " police Capt. Josh Resh said . "  It is unthinkable that someone could do this to innocent children . " Authorities ' first indication of trouble came in a 911 call just before 6 p.m. Friday from a woman claiming to have killed her three children . McCarty 's boyfriend -- the father of one of the children -- placed his own call to police seconds later , after arriving home to the grim scene . How and why did the children die ? Authorities are waiting on results from an autopsy , scheduled for Sunday , to definitively figure that all out . "  We are still trying to verify the sequence of events , how and why they occurred , " Palm Bay police Lt. Mario Augello said . " ... This is still a very active criminal investigation . " Regardless , the episode shook those in the victims ' neighborhood in Palm Bay , which is about 70 miles southeast of Orlando on Florida 's Atlantic coast . It started with the sirens and about 10 armed officers coming down the street , telling him to get inside , neighbor Davion Lewis CNN affiliate WESH . But for neighbor Becky Johnson , learning why they had come was even more horrifying . "  It 's inexcusable , unthinkable , ... shocking , " Johnson said . "  You think of your own kids . "	Police fired "  less lethal " bean bag rounds at woman with knife after she did n't comply An autopsy set for Sunday could help determine how the children died , police say 3 children are found unresponsive at a home in Palm Bay , on Florida 's East coast
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Jenni Hunt is an attractive , talented and ambitious professional from Portland , Oregon . She runs her own Internet business , selling on online auction site eBay and advising others how to navigate the site to gain maximum profits . Carrie Stevens says working online means she can spend more time with her daughter Amie . Jenni , 36 , is also a full-time mother who home-schools her kids . Superwoman ? Perhaps . But Jenni is one of an increasing number of stay-at-home moms who are using the Internet to have it all . Jenni was a high-tech Silicon Valley marketing executive when , in 1999 , she gave up work to look after her baby boy . She had her second child in 2002 , and it was then that she discovered eBay . "  I had bought a stroller for $ 15 and a couple of months later realized it was n't fitting my needs , so I decided to sell it on eBay , " she told CNN . "  I made over $ 100 ! I was hooked . " Jenni , a self-confessed bargain-hunter , quickly realized that she could use the Internet to plump up her family 's finances . "  We could n't survive on my husband 's income , so it was necessary for me to contribute somehow , " she said . "  I just could n't bring myself to leave my children -- and I knew I had skills that would allow me to freelance or create my own business . " Jenni began to sell regularly on eBay , specializing in children 's items . After a while , it struck her that her experience could be valuable to others , and so she set up HuntedTreasure.com , a Web site that offers advice to other eBay sellers specializing in children 's goods . Jenni 's subscription newsletters , downloadable e-books , auction templates and online mentoring now help her add to the family 's budget . Vancouver mother-of-two Alice Seba says the Internet offers a sense of community . Jenni 's not alone as a stay-at-home mom and Internet entrepreneur . Alice Seba , a 35-year-old Vancouver mother of two , runs Internetbasedmoms.com , a site with resources for parents who run their own Internet businesses . She told CNN that the Internet offers stay-at-home parents the chance to earn an income from home . "  Whether it 's extra spending money or to build a fully-fledged business , it 's up to them , " she said . And Alice sees the Internet as offering valuable support to mothers who can sometimes start to feel isolated . "  The Internet makes it easier to connect with other moms while the kids are asleep , or when mom gets a free moment , " she told CNN . "  They 're all in the same boat , so theirs is an instant understanding and connection . " While many of the people Alice has met online do n't live close to her geographically , she says the Internet can offer an enormous sense of community and support . "  I 've seen moms on the brink of leaving their husbands receive the most incredible advice that makes them turn things around , " she confided . "  I 'm definitely not saying the Internet saves marriages , but without that connection and support , a stay-at-home mom may have made a completely different decision . " Alice says the Internet can give moms a big boost in confidence . In a family where the husband is the main breadwinner , working from home can increase a wife 's self-worth -- both psychologically and literally . Alice told CNN , "  In addition to the monetary gain , -LSB- mothers -RSB- can feel a sense of accomplishment and eliminate some of the guilt of not contributing to the family finances . " She continued , "  Of course , there 's no shame in ` just being a stay-at-home mom . ' It 's one of the most important jobs in the world , but moms can feel guilty about it . " The benefits that mothers can bring to their own businesses are starting to be appreciated by workplaces , too . Carrie Stevens , 29 , is a Chicago-based witty , dynamic Internet early adopter . She 's been surfing , chatting and blogging for some years , so when she and her husband Jason had daughter Amie in 2004 , it seemed natural to her to seek work online . Carrie was snapped up by LiveJournal.com , a San Francisco-based blogging site owned by Internet company Six Apart . She works full-time supervising their volunteer-run support center , which gives LiveJournal users technical help and advice . Carrie told CNN , "  I clock about seven to eight hours a day . This is intertwined with Amie 's needs . I 'm lucky that she 's mostly independent with an active imagination and is content to play by herself for periods of time . " Carrie 's job is flexible enough to fit around the interruptions that motherhood brings . She says , "  Last week I was in the middle of a serious business discussion that I had to place on hold for two minutes so I could ` fly over ' to where Amie was playing Baby Bird in the laundry basket and ` feed ' her . " And Carrie 's work colleagues do n't mind her dual status as mother and co-worker . She says , "  They think it 's cute . I 'm glad I have such a flexible workplace and a supervisor who understands that I 'll get everything done at the end of the day although my work concentration might get broken up from time to time with cleaning up spilled cereal , reading a story that she just has to hear , and cuddling if she has a gloomy day . " Carrie 's supervisor , Denise Paolucci , believes home workers can bring companies great benefits . She told CNN , "  It 's a great combination for both the employees and the company . The staff gets the flexibility necessary to run their home lives and their work lives at the same time , and the company gets employees who are more committed to a company that 's willing to allow that sort of flexibility . " Denise , whose department is composed entirely of home workers , also believes that working from home is n't just an advantage for her team . "  We as a company benefit considerably from flex time and other setups that benefit caregivers working from home , because of the international and 24/7 nature of our business , " she told CNN . "  By having staff who are looking for flexibility in their schedules , we expand our times of coverage considerably . " And she feels that it gives her a larger pool of prospective employees to choose from when recruiting . "  By allowing for remote telecommuting , we 're not limited simply to candidates based around our offices , " she said . "  We can find the absolute right candidate , whether that person is living in New Hampshire or New Zealand . " Carrie admits that working from home is n't without its challenges . She told CNN that at times she feels a little isolated from her colleagues . "  Sometimes I feel a bit left out of those spontaneous meetings , the ones coworkers can have easily in an office when they 're passing by each others ' desks , " she said . And teleconferencing is n't always ideal : as she explained , "  If I 'm on a conference call , it 's often hard to get a word in edgewise -- everyone else can see each other but they ca n't see my non-verbal cues that I have something to say . " Carrie adds that sometimes it 's hard to walk away from work at the end of the day . She said , "  Sometimes work is a bit too convenient , especially because I 'm used to work and family being so intertwined anyway . Since my office is my dining room table , it 's always right there . " Jenni Hunt backs this up . She told CNN , "  It 's important to me to have set times when I 'm working and set times when I 'm not . If I do n't do this , I could work all day . " And it cuts both ways : family can distract from work , too . Jenni says , "  The distractions of home provide the biggest downside . There are dishes to be done , dinner to prepare , homework to help with -- and children who just want to play . " But the benefits of working from home -- flexibility , more family time , support and independence -- outweigh the downsides . Jenni says , "  Being successful with my home business has allowed me to dream bigger . I could easily do this full-time -- but I do it because I want to be home with my kids . I am able to homeschool and participate in my children 's lives in ways I could n't if I had to go to a J.O.B. I 'm reminded of this every time they interrupt me while I 'm working on my laptop in the family room while they play . " Carrie also values the opportunity she has to combine work and time with her daughter . She told CNN , "  I really feel like I have the best of both worlds in this situation . If Amie went to child care every day , I 'd miss the chance to play games with her and read to her . " "  We can take lunch breaks at the park or walk to a nearby coffee shop for sandwiches if it 's a nice day , " she continued . "  If I were working at an office , this would n't be possible . " ... . Are you an Internet mom ? Would you like to work from home and spend more time with your kids ? Share your views and thoughts and read others ' responses in the Just Imagine Forum . E-mail to a friend	Internet offers stay-at-home moms the chance to have it all Web gives women at home access to greater work options Employers benefit from having a flexible workforce who can telecommute Moms say rewards outweigh the downsides of working at home
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Tibetan exile leaders , meeting in northern India to debate a potential new approach to Tibet 's decades-long struggle for autonomy , have voted to stay with the Dalai Lama 's current "  middle way approach , " according to a spokesman for the spiritual leader . Some have sought Tibet 's independence from China , but the Dalai Lama has sought autonomy . "  The majority of the people have spoken and have requested his holiness the Dalai Lama to continue with his middle way approach , " said spokesman Tenzin Taklha . The meeting was called after the Dalai Lama acknowledged he had failed in his efforts to convince China to restore the territory 's autonomy . He did not attend the week-long conference in Dharamsala , a town in the hills of north India where he lives in exile . He called the meeting , he said , to offer the exiles an opportunity to discuss "  the best possible future course of action " for Tibet . Takhla said the Tibetans demonstrated that the Dalai Lama was their undisputed leader , and they hoped China would recognize him as such and negotiations toward a realistic solution could be held . There was a small minority who said they wanted to demand Tibet 's independence , Takhla said . The "  middle way " approach with Beijing is one in which Tibetans want a level of autonomy that will allow them to protect and preserve their culture , religion and national identity . In exchange , China could continue to claim Tibet as part of its territory . Some in Tibet have advocated independence from China , but the Dalai Lama has long called for genuine autonomy . Tibet is technically autonomous from the central Chinese government , but the Dalai Lama and others have said they favor real autonomy and resent the slow erosion of their culture amid an influx of Han Chinese , the largest ethnic group in China . Learn about Tibet 's history of conflict " The resentment spilled over in March , when Buddhist monks initiated peaceful anti-Chinese protests in the Tibetan capital of Lhasa . The demonstrations began March 14 , the anniversary of a failed 1959 uprising against Beijing 's rule that sent the Dalai Lama into exile . The protests soon turned violent , with demonstrators burning vehicles and shops . Some protesters advocated independence from China , while others demonstrated against the growing influence of the Han Chinese in Tibet and other regions of China with ethnic Tibetan populations . The subsequent crackdown left 18 civilians and one police officer dead , according to the Chinese government . Tibet 's self-proclaimed government-in-exile put the death toll from the protests at 140 . China blamed the Dalai Lama and his followers for the March riots -- a charge he has consistently denied .	Tibetan exile leaders back Dalai Lama 's current "  middle way approach " The Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader , seeks genuine autonomy from Beijing Small minority want to demand Tibet 's independence , spokesman says
CNN  -- Britain says it has suspended the government of the Turks and Caicos Islands and imposed direct rule after allegations of systemic corruption and "  serious dishonesty " . Former Turks and Caicos Islands Premier Michael Misick , shown here with his wife , LisaRaye , could be investigated . British Foreign Office Minister Chris Bryant said he instructed the British governor of the island territory to suspend the ministerial government and the House of Assembly for as long as two years . Bryant said his order also suspends the constitutional right to trial by jury in the Turks and Caicos . "  This is a serious constitutional step which the UK government has not taken lightly , but these measures are essential in order to restore good governance and sound financial management , " Bryant said in a statement . "  It remains our intentions that elections should be held by July 2011 , if not sooner . It is also important that the people of Turks and Caicos Islands continue to have a voice in the interim and the order puts in place an advisory council and consultative forum to make sure this happens . " The move follows allegations of corruption in the Turks and Caicos , a British Overseas Territory of eight major islands and numerous uninhabited keys , 800 kilometers  500 miles  southeast of Miami , Florida . The British government set up a commission of inquiry in July 2008 to look into possible corruption or other serious dishonesty in recent years of past and present elected members of the legislature . The commission 's report , delivered May 31 , found "  information in abundance pointing to a high probability of systemic corruption and/or serious dishonesty " in the Turks and Caicos , the Foreign Office said . "  This , together with clear signs of political amorality and immaturity and of general administrative incompetence , demonstrated a need for urgent suspension in whole or in part of the constitution and for other legislative and administrative reforms , " the Foreign Office said . The report also recommends criminal investigations into former Premier Michael Misick and four of his former Cabinet ministers . "  This is not a ` British takeover , ' " said Gordon Wetherell , governor of the Turks and Caicos Islands . "  Public services will continue to be run by people of the Turks and Caicos Islands , as indeed they should be . But I hope we can now begin to run them better . " Queen Elizabeth is the head of state of the British territory , and the governor is her official representative . The governor is responsible for defense ; external affairs ; internal security , including the islands ' police force ; and the appointment of some public officials , but he is normally required to act on the advice of the Cabinet . The islands ' ministerial system includes the premier and six other ministers who must act according to Cabinet policies .	Britain says it has suspended the government of the Turks and Caicos Move follows allegations of systemic corruption and "  serious dishonesty " Turks and Caicos is a British Overseas Territory of eight major islands
CNN  -- Christmas is synonymous with colorful decorations , festive markets and extravagant quantities of food . But while most yuletide celebrations share these general characteristics , there are of course a host of distinctive traditions and regional variations depending on where you are in the world . That 's why CNN asked you to show us exactly how Christmas is celebrated where you live . From the Philippines to Germany to Colombia and even the Pacific island of Tonga , we received over 400 wonderfully vivid submissions . Christmas would obviously not be Christmas without Santa Claus , or Father Christmas , or Pere Noel . Whatever the name , his popularity among children  and many adults  is perennial . See also : Where is the world 's most Christmassy destination Greg Reese from Cincinnati , Ohio , sent in these images of ` Santa-Con ' in his home city -- an annual event where people come dressed up as Santa Claus and tread the streets doling out candy . "  It 's essentially a gathering of like-minded individuals who wish to both get into the Christmas spirit , as well as spread Christmas cheer to their fellow man , " said Reese . Thousands of miles away , the Philippines hosts some of the most lavish Christmas celebrations in the world -- starting in September and ending in January . They also have some of the most colorful and fascinating traditions around the holiday . Nathaniel Molines from San Pedro in Laguna province , the Philippines , sent in these beautiful images of parols -- lanterns made traditionally from bamboo and paper used to light the way to church for worshipers living in darkened rural areas . "  This is a simple decoration that tells us that Christmas is in every corner , love is in the air , " he said . "  I took the picture because it reminds me the value of celebrating Christmas here in the Philippines . " Lights of a similar design were spotted thousands of miles away in Shanghai , China , by Dutch expat Irene Reijs , who captured a beautiful image of a delivery man doggedly trundling along on his bike with his wares crammed into a delivery box . "  This photo for me represents Shanghai . Everything you can imagine is being delivered by these men and women on their bikes , " she said . "  I was walking down the street with my camera and saw a golden shimmer at the end of the street . Then I saw this man and his bike ... It made my day . " See also : The world 's longest Christmas celebrations Christmas in warmer locals can bring its challenges when it comes to at least one major decorative theme -- snow . In Barranquilla , Colombia , Canadian expat Sara Tatham captured images of some creative craftwork using white felt to ensure that at least the look of decorations at the Colegio Britanico Internacional  British International School  where she works was festive , even if the temperature was not . "  I love living in the tropics , but at this time of year I really miss seeing the lights and snow , and seeing the hustle and bustle as people buy their gifts . " Others break with convention entirely in their Christmas decorations , such as in Cape Cod in the eastern U.S. state of Massachusetts , where photographer Marie Sager spotted a tree built with lobster cages , decorated with plastic seashells and topped with other nautical items . "  This was the most unusual tree I had ever seen , " she said . "  It 's perfect for a town by the sea . " See also : Europe 's best Christmas markets Christmas markets are held across the globe and are a reliable source of presents , seasonal cheer and regional delicacies . Mary Legg in Prague , the Czech Republic , captured some beautiful images of the city 's famous Christmas market and parade , held in the city 's Old Town Square . "  Tourists flock in by the droves to buy small handmade presents and enjoy the winter holidays , " she says . "  All kinds of scrumptious fast foods are to be had from freshly roasted meat over open spits to mulled wine and the ever great Czech beer . " See also : Test your Christmas knowledge with our quirky festive quiz Elsewhere in Europe , Angeline Hwang was captivated by the beautiful Christmas market in the German town of Hanau , the birthplace of famous fairy tale authors , the Brothers Grimm . "  I went to walk around the Christmas Market and as I looked up , there were the statues of the Grimm Brothers , standing majestically over the old city square ! " she said . "  I was standing exactly where my fairy-tales began . "	CNN asked people to send images of Christmas celebrations where they live iReporters sent in the best shots from as far afield as Colombia , the Philippines and China Some of the most intriguing featured light displays , markets , parades and religious services
CNN  -- Prince George is n't your average one year old . He started walking before he was one . Oh , and , he 's going to be king -- of 16 countries . I had to remind myself occasionally of that latter fact as I stood outside the hospital in London where he was born ... for a week before his arrival . It went against my journalistic instinct to report on a story that had n't happened yet but if I did n't appear regularly on air , giving an update about what had n't happened , then the assumption was that it had and rumors would start which I would have to come back on air to refute . If you ca n't beat them , join them . When "  the royal baby " did emerge , there was a collective sense of relief and excitement among the assembled media . He was already one of the biggest stars in the world and we did n't even know his name . Before we knew it he was whisked away , with his father in the driving seat , to Kensington Palace . Soon he was in the Middleton family home in Berkshire , southern England , where Kate had spent much of her pregnancy . It 's safe , private , protected . The Cambridges wanted to keep George 's world small and intimate in those early days so that mother , father and baby could bond . To satisfy intense media interest , they released an official photo . It was n't taken by a professional outsider who would burst the bubble -- rather it was a family snap taken by George 's grandfather , Michael Middleton . I met William during that first fortnight and he was exhausted and elated , the hallmarks of a hands-on dad . The duke always tries to do things himself if he can . He does n't like fuss . It may have gone against royal tradition but it was n't intentional . We did n't see George again for another three months when he appeared bright eyed and wriggling in his father 's arms for his christening at St. James Palace . It was all about the cheeks . After the service , he had his first professional photo shoot with celebrity photographer Jason Bell . "  He did n't start screaming , " Bell recalls . "  You know , he giggled away and put his arms up ... I was astonished , that having done the pictures , the level of interest here . "  I had a really weird moment where , straight after shooting the christening pictures , I was doing a job in Colorado and I changed planes in Denver . And I walked through the airport , and it was like that ` Being John Malkovich ' poster where everyone in the airport was reading ` People ' magazine and this picture on the cover , and this picture was like staring at me everywhere . It was just really strange moment , when you 're like ` Wow this picture is like everywhere . ' " When George was eight months old , Bell was brought back in and took another picture of the family ahead of their tour in April to New Zealand and Australia . He chose a shot of them sitting at a window in Kensington Palace . "  I went back and he was a little boy now , not a baby , " says bell . "  He was crawling around , and you know , they grow up so quick ! " George was growing fast . In New Zealand a special playdate was convened for George with local youngsters of the same age . His size became apparent as he towered over all but one of his Kiwi counterparts . In a distinctly un-regal moment he grabbed a toy block from another baby who cried . Her parents are still hoping that they will stay in touch . The young prince appeared again in Sydney during a trip to the zoo . George was pulling himself up on the sides of a bilby enclosure and started walking shortly after he got back to the UK . The latest set of pictures , released to mark his birthday this week , show George on a day out at the Natural History Museum in London . It could be any toddler 's day out . And it 's this normality that 's the running theme throughout his first year in pictures . He 's not normal . His parents know that but they 're protecting him for as long as they can .	Prince George was born on July 22 2013 amid intense media attention During his first year he travelled with his parents on their tour to New Zealand and Australia Foster : George 's parents wanted to keep his world small and intimate in those early days
CNN  -- A sheriff 's deputy who killed six young people at a house party in Crandon , Wisconsin , apparently died after shooting himself three times in the head with a .40 - caliber pistol , the state attorney general said . Tyler Peterson , a sheriff 's deputy , shot and killed six people , police said . Initial reports that 20-year-old Tyler Peterson was killed by a police sniper 's bullet were apparently incorrect , though it appears the sniper may have shot Peterson in the arm , Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen said . Although the final forensic determination could take several weeks , the attorney general said that Peterson had his personal .40 - caliber Glock when police found him . The three gunshots to the head came from a .40 - caliber . "  The three gunshot wounds to the head included two nonfatal rounds with entry points below the chin , and one fatal shot that entered Peterson through the right side of the head , " Van Hollen said . "  Each of the three head shots were fired while the gun was in contact with his skin , or extremely close to the skin , " he said . "  These three head wounds are consistent with self-inflicted wounds , and not consistent with long-range rifle fire . " The fourth gunshot wound , Van Hollen said , struck Peterson in the left bicep and appeared to have been fired from a rifle "  at some distance . " Watch Van Hollen explain the shootings "  will never make sense " " Peterson was a Forest County sheriff 's deputy and a part-time officer with the Crandon Police Department . According to Van Hollen , Peterson , while off-duty shortly before 3 a.m. Sunday , entered a house where the seven young men and women had gathered . While there , Van Hollen said , Peterson apparently got into an argument with Jordanne Murray , accusing her of having a relationship with another person . "  The argument got heated , and Murray demanded he leave , " the attorney general said . "  Peterson left , and returned minutes later , " breaking down the door and opening fire with an AR-15 rifle , of the type he was issued by the Forest County Sheriff 's Department . Police said Peterson fired about 30 rounds . Fewer than 20 minutes later , a patrolling Crandon police officer , after hearing gunfire , reported it and went to the house to investigate , Van Hollen said . The officer , Greg Carter , 21 , reported seeing Peterson leave the house with a rifle . After momentarily losing sight of Peterson , Carter "  heard multiple rounds of gunfire " and his windshield burst . Peterson escaped . Van Hollen said that Peterson apparently "  drove aimlessly around the northern part of the state " for several hours , calling in false reports to police to throw them off . Peterson ended up at a cabin in the town of Argonne shortly before 8 a.m. . He told friends about the shootings , handed over the AR-15 and two other rifles and left the cabin . After meeting with family members , he returned to the cabin around 9:15 a.m. Police arrived about 15 minutes later , Van Hollen said . Peterson was killed during a police shootout after police could n't persuade him to surrender . All seven victims were students or graduates of Crandon High School , from which Peterson also was a graduate . In addition to Murray , the dead were identified as Aaron Smith , Bradley Schultz , Lindsey Stahl , Lianna Thomas and Katrina McCorkle . The sole survivor , Charlie Neitzel , 21 , "  played dead " after Peterson shot him three times , Van Hollen said . After Peterson shot him once , Neitzel begged him to stop . But Peterson fired again . Neitzel fell to the floor , was shot a third time and did n't move . "  Playing dead until Peterson left , Neitzel survived , " Van Hollen said . Neitzel was the last person shot . Neitzel underwent surgery Tuesday and was in stable condition Tuesday night , a hospital employee said . The families of the six slain young people asked that media leave them alone in their grief , Van Hollen told reporters . But the families of the victims also wanted it known that they had met with Peterson 's family . "  They hold no animosity toward them , " Van Hollen said , conveying the families ' wishes that the Peterson family be allowed space and time to heal . E-mail to a friend	Attorney general : Deputy shot himself twice in the chin , once in side of the head Forensic examination on deputy could take several weeks Shots to deputy 's head "  consistent with self-inflicted wounds " After killing six people at party , Peterson drove around , confessed to friends
The Dalai Lama bows in deference to the great man . He 's joined by 20 other Dalai Lamas , assorted superheroes and a young woman dressed as a fish tank . They lend their voices along with thousands more in a resonating chorus of "  Jonah , Jonah ! " As the giant former New Zealand rugby star ambles around the perimeter of the stadium , the final of the Wellington Sevens tournament is being fought out between the host team and South Africa . But the game is almost won and the action on the field is momentarily forgotten as 30,000 spectators , bedecked in an array of outlandish and inventive fancy dress costumes , welcome back one of their own . In their eyes there 's no such thing as a former All Black . Once an All Black always an All Black . But there are All Blacks and then there 's Jonah Lomu . He became a global sporting phenomenon after his heroics at the 1995 World Cup , scoring four tries in a bulldozing semifinal performance against England that caught the attention of NFL talent scouts and made him a hero in his homeland . As well as presenting February 's edition of CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide , Lomu was also presenting the Wellington Cup to the winners of the tournament . It 's one of the goals which eluded him as a player in a sevens career which encompassed victory at the Commonwealth Games , World Cup and Sevens World Series . Born in Auckland , where he made his name as a rugby player , Lomu moved south to the capital for the final years of his domestic career before a kidney transplant halted his playing days -- though he would later recover health and continue with overseas clubs . During the final moments of the game at the Westpac Stadium , he stands at the touchline bellowing advice : "  Numbers boys . Numbers ! " His mind is on the pitch . The call of "  numbers " means wherever you are on the pitch , you look up and count the opposition players from the outside in -- 1 , 2 , 3 -- to help you determine which player to line up to tackle . In a fast-flowing game such as sevens , it 's a simple way of ensuring the New Zealand defense is solid . The swirling wind and rain which accompanied much of this tournament are far from unfamiliar to Wellingtonians . But the South Africans , who beat New Zealand in the previous final in Las Vegas , fail to cope with the conditions and a Kiwi side which has bounced back from a first-round defeat by Fiji . The increasingly frenzied home support gives the New Zealanders another edge . When the All Blacks walk onto the pitch for their warmup , the crowd roars . When they return to the dressing room it 's as a human phalanx , each man 's arms upon the shoulders of the man in front , the sublime leading the sublime in a display of togetherness behind their inspirational captain D.J. Forbes , whose shaved head gleams beneath the floodlights . The crowd roars louder . When the players run out onto the pitch for the game itself , the noise levels step up several more decibels . And when the foghorn sounds for the end of the final game , it 's the signal for cheering , dancing and fist-pumping as diverse groups of peacocks , cavemen and women , bunches of human bananas and assorted other fruit share the joy of victory . The winners ' podium is hastily assembled . Brooms are required to sweep water off the platform . Lomu waits to hand out condolences to the South Africans , and then a great grin spreads across his face as he embraces Captain Forbes and hands him the cup . The pyrotechnics which have become ubiquitous at sporting events of this nature backlight the celebrations , but as the New Zealand team descends the steps there 's an extra treat for the crowd . The entire team whips off their shirts to unveil an abs-fest of the highest quality and unleash the traditional Maori war dance , the Haka . Watching it unfold is a grinning Jonah Lomu . "  Nice one boys ! " he shouts before joining them in more hugs and handshakes . Wellington could not have written a better script for the homecoming of its favorite adopted son .	Jonah Lomu is one of New Zealand 's prodigal rugby sons Now retired , he was an ambassador at Wellington Sevens tournament Fans pay tribute to former All Blacks legend , who had a kidney transplant Lomu presents winners ' trophy to New Zealand sevens captain D.J. Forbes
CNN  -- Thirty-nine years ago , Roe v. Wade was decided . With the passage of nearly four decades , the landscape of abortion has changed in a way that should trouble even those who consider themselves pro-choice . Right now , 10 states and the District of Columbia have no statutory time limit on when abortions can be performed , while five more states allow abortion up to the end of the second trimester  about 27 or 28 weeks  . Yet , we know that by 28 weeks , the great majority of fetuses would survive birth . In other words , we allow the killing of viable infants in our country . This is a fact that progressives  including me  would rather not address . As two Maryland abortion doctors face murder charges for allegedly performing late-term abortions , the issue now has a pair of human faces . Drs. Steven Brigham and Nicola Riley were arrested after the discovery of what are alleged to be several viable fetuses in a freezer chest . The story only got stranger on New Year 's Day , when a clinic apparently owned by Brigham burned to the ground in Florida . Important facts are still unknown , and the doctors have asserted their innocence regarding any late-term abortions . There has been relatively little discussion of this case in progressive circles . It 's no wonder that we would rather look away . The abortion debate has largely devolved into professional activists screaming at each other on television and at street protests . We do n't want to be like those people . We are also haunted by the ragged remains of the Supreme Court opinion in Roe v. Wade . Despite being disavowed by subsequent opinions and some of the individual justices , one part of that precedent lives on in the statutes of some states and the practices of several doctors : The assertion in Roe 's majority opinion that "  viability is usually placed at about seven months  28 weeks  . " The scientific claim that viability  the ability of a fetus to live outside the womb  "  usually " occurs at 28 weeks has been undermined by medical advances over the past 38 years . Children who would have died if born late in the second trimester in 1973 would more than likely live if they were born now . A Swedish study in 2009 found that preterm babies born late in the second trimester who are given intensive care survive at surprising rates : 53 % of those born at 23 weeks live , 67 % at 24 weeks , and by 25 weeks , 82 % of the babies survive .  Sweden 's health care system makes it possible to reliably track survival rates , but the type of care provided there is similar to that available in the United States  . In the same way that the law had to change to accommodate advances in DNA evidence that can exonerate those on death row , state laws must change to accommodate that with modern medical care , a child born at 27 weeks is very likely not only going to live , but live a fairly normal life . We progressives tend to revere science , and there are few scientific proofs more convincing than those former preterm infants who live and thrive all around us . Though late-term abortions are only a small fraction of the total number of terminated pregnancies , it remains a defining issue for our society . As someone who works against the death penalty , trying to save the lives of people who have committed murder , I have a moral obligation to set my feet , breathe in deeply and honestly admit that prosecutors are morally in the right to pursue cases where they believe viable fetuses are being aborted in violation of the law . A life is ended , and that is murder , if the facts so prove . Some will see any accommodation on abortion as "  appeasement " of conservatives , but this attitude is nothing less than the adoption of hard-line evidence-ignoring tactics that progressives so often  and properly  decry in groups such as the National Rifle Association . We may disagree about whether life begins at conception , but it is now irrefutable that life is viable at 27 weeks . To deny this plainly observable fact is akin to denying the existence of evolution or global warming . Much as Troy Davis  who was executed in Georgia last year despite troubling exculpatory evidence  and Hank Skinner  who received a stay of his execution in Texas to allow DNA testing to be pursued  personified the problems with the death penalty , there are those who do so just as starkly when we ponder late-term abortion . For me , that person is named Rees . On a hot summer day in Waco , Texas , his proud grandfather carried him across the street for me to meet , months after his birth at about 24 weeks . His eyes were clear in the Texas sun , he was wrapped in a blue-and-white blanket , and he was surrounded by love . He was , and is , a person , and that matters as much as Troy Davis and Hank Skinner . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Osler .	Mark Osler : 39 years after Roe v. Wade , time limits on abortion should be rethought Some states have no statutory time limit ; others allow abortion up to the end of second trimester Osler says medical technology makes some fetuses viable in second trimester
CNN  -- Five Somali men were convicted in the Netherlands of plotting a hijack at sea and sentenced to five years in prison , CNN affiliate RTL reported Thursday . The trial of the five , said to be the first trial of pirates in Europe in modern times , opened in Rotterdam District Court May 25 . The men were captured by the Danish navy in January 2009 in the Gulf of Aden , off Somalia , after a cargo ship with a Dutch Antilles flag was attacked , said Wim de Bruin , a spokesman for the Netherlands National Prosecutor 's Office . "  The ship of the pirates was destroyed by the Danish navy , and the pirates were captured and handed to the Dutch authorities , " he said . The pirates are Ahmed Yusuf Farah , 25 , Jama Mohamed Samatar , 45 , Abdirisaq Abdulahi Hirsi , 33 , Sayid Ali Garaar , 39 , and Osman Musse Farah , 32 , de Bruin said . They had faced a maximum sentence of nine to 12 years , he added . Another suspected Somali pirate is awaiting sentencing in the United States , where he pleaded guilty in May to hijacking and kidnapping . Prosecutors say Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse led an attack on a U.S.-flagged vessel , the Maersk Alabama , off the coast of Africa last year . He pleaded guilty May 19 in a New York federal court to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels , kidnapping and hostage taking for his role in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean on April 8 , 2009 . Muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced October 19 . The pirates who were tried in the Netherlands spent four weeks aboard the Danish navy ship after their capture before being taken to the Netherlands , spokesman de Bruin said . They were held in pre-trial custody while the court interviewed witnesses from the Danish navy and seamen on the Dutch Antilles cargo ship that was under attack , he said . Five Dutch defense lawyers represented the suspects , de Bruin said . The trial is the first of its kind in Europe , he said . Germany will soon try 10 suspected pirates who were captured in the Gulf of Aden earlier this year . They were arrested after their attempt to board a German cargo vessel , but the Danish navy ended the hijacking and handed them over to the Dutch authorities , Bruin said . They have since been held in the Netherlands , and Germany requested their extradition about two months ago . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	Five Somali men convicted in Netherlands court Men attacked cargo ship in Gulf of Aden in January 2009 10 other suspected pirates will be tried soon in Germany Dutch trial is said to be first prosecution of pirates in Europe
CNN  -- Colorado parents have a new fear to factor in this Halloween : a very adult treat ending up in their kids ' candy bags . The legalization of recreational marijuana sales in the Mile High State earlier this year has led to a massive tourism boom  bringing in $ 19 million in tax revenue in the first half of the year  -- and the cash crop is n't just going up in smoke . Edible foods and candies infused with THC , the active ingredient in pot , have proved to be immensely popular with consumers , but they also pose a potential problem for parents trying to keep weed out of trick-or-treaters ' hands . For people seeking a mellow , munchable fix , edibles may seem like an ideal solution -- until they bite off more than they bargained for . In late July , state officials enacted emergency measures to combat a rash of overdoses by inexperienced consumers , unfamiliar with the potency of pot in its edible form , and ER visits by children who had unwittingly ingested the drug at school or home . The rules as proposed  PDF  by the Colorado Department of Revenue would require products to have child-proof packaging and clearly printed health warning labels before being shipped to stores , as well as strict THC limits for various serving sizes . But those laws are n't set to go into effect until the day after the biggest candy-consuming holiday of the year : Halloween . In response , the Denver Police Department has released a YouTube video outlining some of the dangers that parents may face . In the video , Patrick Johnson , owner of Denver 's Urban Dispensary , explained that rather than crafting sweets from scratch , many edibles shops buy soft or hard candy in bulk , then spray it with viscous hash oil . "  Once that candy dries , there 's really no way to tell the difference between candy that 's infused and candy that 's not infused , " Johnson warned . To keep under-21 ghouls from gobbling up potentially pot-laced goodies , Johnson recommends parents take a few measures : If the candy does n't come from a recognized major brand , like Hershey 's , Haribo , Mars or others , it 's safest to just discard it out of the reach of children . Packages that have been tampered with in any way should also hit the trash . The Denver Police Department also addressed the issue in a recent "  Ask the Expert " podcast , after hearing concerns from parents . Denver Police Sergeant Steve Warneke interviewed Sergeant Brett Hinkle and Detective Aaron Kafer from the DPD Marijuana Unit , who reiterated Johnson 's advice to parents to seek candy in its original package . "  If you see something that does n't look right , apples , gummy bears -- there 's a ton of edible stuff that 's out there on the market that 's infused with marijuana that could be a big problem for your child , " said Hinkle . Kafer advised parents taking a keen eye to their child 's candy haul as they would on any previous Halloween , but with a special focus on labels that may seek to imitate classic candies . "  All marijuana edibles have to be labeled ... there will be a State of Colorado seal from the Marijuana Enforcement Division , " Kafer said , adding that it is paramount to "  avoid and not consume anything that is out of the package . " And the nose does n't always know , either . While marijuana has a distinctive , pungent smell , it 's usually not detectable with a whiff of an edible . "  It may not smell exactly like a candy or a brownie or chocolate bar that you 're used to , but you may not be able to identify it , " said Kafer . While parental inspection has long been part of the candy-collection ritual , Hinkle noted that pot edibles ' prevalence -- and potency due to the use of oil , rather than ground-up plants -- added a spooky new layer to the holiday . "  You do need to talk to your kids about it prior to this because you know how kids are -- they reach into a bag and they want to eat that piece of candy right away , " he said .	Colorado experienced a major boom in the sales of pot edibles Candy is a popular format for edibles Parents worry it could make its way into trick-or-treaters ' bags Police and an edibles seller shared tips to keep kids safe
CNN  -- German champions Bayern Munich will seek compensation from the Dutch Football Association after learning that star forward Arjen Robben will miss the start of the new season . Bayern revealed on Tuesday that the Netherlands winger will be sidelined for two months with a thigh injury he suffered in an international friendly before the start of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Robben missed the first two matches of the tournament , but the 26-year-old went on to play a key role as the Dutch reached the final before losing to Spain . He had a routine scan on his return to Munich following a post-World Cup break , revealing a torn muscle in his left thigh . "  This diagnosis after my return to the club comes as a huge shock . I 'm extremely disappointed , as the enforced break is a big setback for me and for the team , " he told the club 's website . Bayern Munich chief medical officer Dr Hans-Wilhelm Mueller-Wohlfahrt said he had brought up his suspicions after Robben suffered the injury against Hungary . "  This is a serious injury . I consider it irresponsible that this injury was not more precisely diagnosed , and that Arjen was allowed to play , " Mueller-Wohlfahrt said . "  I personally offered my assistance in diagnosing the original injury on several occasions , but this offer was never taken up . " Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said the club would be taking up the matter with the Dutch FA . "  Naturally , FC Bayern Munich is extremely angry . Yet again , we as a club are having to pay the price for a player sustaining a serious injury with his national team , " the former Germany striker said . "  We will seek to reach an amicable settlement to this problem with the Dutch Football Association . Football 's world governing body FIFA has been informed about Arjen Robben 's injury , and we have requested FIFA to act as a mediator if necessary . " Bayern welcomed World Cup stars such as Philipp Lahm , Thomas Mueller , Miroslav Klose and Bastian Schweinsteiger back for pre-season training on Monday , along with young Germany midfielder Toni Kroos -- who is back at the club after spending last season on loan at Bayer Leverkusen . The Champions League runners-up kick off the new German league season at home to the 2009 Bundesliga winners Wolfsburg on August 20 . Meanwhile , Schalke have followed up the signing of Real Madrid striker Raul by bringing in left-back Sergio Escudero , 20 , from Spanish club Real Murcia on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee . Belgian club Anderlecht earned a place in Friday 's Champions League second-round qualifying draw after beating Welsh side the New Saints 6-1 on aggregate . Striker Romelu Lukaku scored a second-half double as the Belgian champions won 3-0 at home on Tuesday night . Israeli side Hapoel Tel-Aviv also progressed with a 3-2 aggregate victory over Kazakhstan 's Aktobe . Hapoel lost the away leg 1-0 but led 3-0 at halftime through Eran Zahavi , loan stiker Ben Sahar and an own goal from Khalifa Elhadj Ba before Aktobe 's Murat Tleshev scored a consolation in time added on . Austria 's Rapid Vienna moved into the playoffs of the second-tier Europa League with a 4-0 aggregate win against PFC Beroe Stara Zagora . Croatia international Nikica Jelavic scored twice in Tuesday night 's 3-0 victory over the Bulgarian Cup holders , with Markus Katzer sealing the result .	Arjen Robben will miss the start of the German Bundesliga season on August 20 Dutch winger will be sidelined for two months due to a torn thigh muscle Bayern claim injury was suffered in international match before the 2010 World Cup German runners-up Schalke sign Spanish defender Sergio Escudero from Real Murcia
CNN  -- Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger asked the White House to make a federal disaster declaration in the aftermath of last week 's pipeline explosion and fire in San Bruno , California , his office said Wednesday . "  This event has destroyed and caused serious damages to homes , infrastructure , and other public facilities in San Mateo County , " Schwarzenegger said in a letter to President Obama . "  The response and recovery costs for this event are estimated at nearly $ 10.4 million . " A disaster declaration from the White House would free federal funds to cover those costs . The request came as a consumer watchdog group said pipeline owner Pacific Gas & Electric had planned in 2009 to replace a section of its gas pipeline just a couple of miles from the section that exploded , but never spent the $ 5 million in rate increases to do the work . TURN -LSB- The Utility Reform Network -RSB- also said the utility asked for another $ 5 million for the same project in 2009 -- the year it should have completed the work it has n't even started -- saying it would n't be completed until 2013 . "  The money was spent on what they call higher priority work , " said TURN senior attorney Mike Florio . "  You ca n't track the dollars one by one , but we do know they spent $ 62 million more on management incentive business than they had forecast in 2009 , " he said . "  They spent $ 60 million on going back and re-doing gas leak surveys that they had botched elsewhere on their system . " PG&E responded that it "  is committed to performing the work necessary to assure the safety of its gas transmission system . " The utility said it had identified the line section as a "  high priority project " in the earlier transmission rate filing , but "  rescheduled the project " after an updated assessment in 2009 . But the company did not explain why it needed an additional $ 5 million and three years to complete repairs on a section it said , in its most recent rate filing , was in the top 100 risks for failure . "  Coupled with the consequences of failure of this section of pipeline , the likelihood of a failure makes the risk of a failure at this location unacceptably high , " the company said in that filing . TURN officials think they know where some of the money went -- in 2009 , the year PG&E did n't spend $ 5 million on fixing the pipeline , the company did spend $ 5 million on bonuses for six top executives . "  The company 's priorities appear to be skewed , " TURN executive director Mark Toney said . The line that exploded in San Bruno was laid down in 1948 , as was the section PG&E was supposed to replace . In the first filing , the utility noted that the "  vintage 30-inch pipeline " runs through "  several High Consequence Areas . " In the second , it said the pipeline was "  located in a heavily urbanized area . " Four people were killed in the September 9 explosion and fire in the San Francisco suburb , and three are still missing . The blast blew in the doors of a grocery store a quarter-mile  400 meters  away , and the explosion and resulting fire injured 52 people and destroyed 37 homes . The explosion blew a 28-foot section of the pipeline 100 feet in the air . In the filing documents provided by TURN , the section of pipe to be replaced is identified as in the top 100 for highest risks of failure . Since exact locations of pipelines are generally kept secret because of terrorism threats , residents may not even know they live near one until it 's too late . "  If they fixed that section that they said wanted to fix maybe they would have found something that led them to look a mile or two south of there , " Florio said . "  We do n't know that . We do know that the project was slated for 2009 . It did n't get done . Now they 're proposing to do it again in 2013 . " The California Public Utilities Commission has not made a decision on this latest increase request . PG&E has agreed to set up a $ 100 million fund to help rebuild parts of San Bruno . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	A disaster declaration frees federal funds to pick up some of the tab Pacific Gas & Electric got $ 5 million to replace pipeline in 2009 PG&E says it 's "  committed " to "  the safety of its gas transmission system " Watchdog group says PG&E spent $ 5 million in bonuses in 2009
CNN  When Melissa Atkins Wardy , author of "  Redefining Girly " and a passionate advocate for fighting gender stereotypes , heard from a frustrated mom on Facebook , she knew she needed to do something . So she shared the mom 's story . In a blog post , Wardy told how the mom , Veronica of Richland , Washington , wanted to buy "  Big Hero 6 " fabric to make pillows for her two children . The problem ? The fabric did n't include two of the heroes from the movie : the female characters , Honey Lemon and GoGo . So Veronica decided to send an email to Springs Creative , the company that makes the fabric , saying that as a woman and an engineer , she was offended . She got an answer from the company but it did n't help . Girl empowerment ads like GoldieBlox : Do they work ? A licensing manager for Springs Creative responded that the company has found that boys do n't want girl characters on their things . "  Eeeww girls ! Yuck ! Haha , " the licensing manager wrote . It will come as no surprise that Veronica was none too pleased to receive that response . "  I was frustrated and disgusted that a manager , and a female manager too , would laugh off my initial contact with the company . It was unprofessional . So I responded , " Veronica told CNN . She asked that we not use her last name , in order to maintain her privacy . In an email back to the company , Veronica wrote , "  By eliminating the women in your fabric design , you are telling boys that it 's OK to think girls are yucky , unworthy and less than a boy . "  You are also telling girls they are unworthy , unwanted and that it 's un-cool to be smart and confident . " What happened next shows that parents , aided by social media outrage , may have more leverage to combat gender stereotyping in our culture than they realize . And the "  Big Hero 6 " example -- along with a similar recent one involving TOMS , the shoes retailer -- suggests that manufacturers may be finally getting it , too . First , the rest of the story about Springs Creative and the "  Big Hero " fabric : After sharing Veronica 's story with her readers and her 6,700 Twitter followers , Wardy encouraged people to give Springs Creative a piece of their mind . She also invited them to tweet their own stories with the hashtag #IncludeTheGirls . Women responded in droves , pointing out how Black Widow , the female character in the popular "  Avengers " superhero movie franchise , is often excluded from merchandise and how cereal boxes rarely include female characters . "  This sends the direct message to both boys and girls that females are forgettable , unimportant , undesirable . What a horrible thing to teach our children ! " said Wardy , who is also the founder and chief executive officer of Pigtail Pals & Ballcap Buddies , a company that makes empowering clothing for boys and girls . "  The prevailing theory is , 1 . boys are the default audience , and 2 . boys wo n't want an item with a girl on it , " Wardy said . "  Yet , I talk with thousands of parents every week who say otherwise . " Why trying to make our kids happy can backfire Those parents are clearly making their voices heard . Because not too long after Veronica received her initial response from Springs Creative , Wardy said she got a call from the company , asking her to post a statement from Springs Creative on her site . "  It is sometimes difficult to hear negative feedback but the message was clear and we intend to act upon your message , " the statement read . "  Most importantly , Springs Creative does not condone sexism in any shape or form and does not design products to shine a negative light on females OR males . " The company said it would be talking with Disney "  immediately " about additional designs for "  Big Hero 6 " that would incorporate all the characters . "  We would never intentionally offend any segment of the population . We are a strong company with positive morals and values and we respect and see both genders equally , " said the statement . Springs Creative told CNN it would have no further comment . Veronica said she was surprised the company responded so quickly . "  I do not believe this would have happened without the Pigtail Pals and Ballcap Buddies community also raising their voices . " The real March Madness : When will women 's teams get equal buzz ? Around the same time , Wardy heard from another follower about an issue with TOMS and wrote about it on her site . On the normally progressive retailer 's Web landing page for kids were photos that some parents felt played into gender stereotypes . One photo suggested "  Playtime Approved " shoes for boys , and the other , this one on a pink background , included the caption "  Little Ladies : adorn their feet for spring . " "  Really , TOMS ? Girls are not ornaments we adorn . Girls play , too ! " Wardy wrote on her Facebook page . Two hours later , Wardy received a comment from TOMS on her Facebook page , saying that the company completely agrees and that the wording has been changed to now say "  new arrivals for kids . " "  We 're really grateful whenever our community brings something like this to our attention , " said Doug Piwinski , senior vice president , global marketing and communications for TOMS . "  Perhaps as much or more than any other brand , I mean we really listen to our customers in our community . " So , here 's my question : Are the two speedy responses from companies after women spoke out on social media more a sign that companies are truly getting it about gender stereotypes and girl and boy empowerment , or more a sign of the power of parents ? Or are they a mixture of both ? How to Super Bowl #LikeAGirl Wardy said there 's no doubt that companies are in business to protect their bottom line , and that will always be a motivator . But she said these back-to-back incidents show what can happen when parents make it clear they wo n't buy products from companies that sell gender stereotypes . " ` Be not silent ' is my mantra . Speak up ! " Wardy said . "  The success with Springs Creative and TOMS and other wins we 've had in the past is an example of the power of parents  moms and dads  and children 's advocates aggregating their voices to say , ` Enough is enough . ' " Veronica said it 's a sign of the power of parents becoming "  more aware , reactive and using social media to make their voices heard by companies that market to children . " She added , "  One voice can be dismissed ; the hailstorm of voices collectively can not be ignored so easily . " It is clear , from these two examples , that parents using their voices online and with their wallets can encourage companies to change . There 's no question that raising awareness about stereotypes helps , said Wardy . "  If companies are n't paying attention by now , they most certainly should be . " Pink , princess-y and sexy too soon Do you think more companies are getting the message to include girl characters on merchandise ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A mom of two got upset when "  Big Hero 6 " fabric did n't include the two female characters Another mom called attention to gender stereotypes on a TOMS Web page In both cases , the companies responded quickly to answer parents ' concerns
Rawalpindi , Pakistan  CNN  A suicide bomber detonated explosives outside a Shiite Muslim mosque in the northern Pakistani city of Rawalpindi on Wednesday evening , officials said , killing at least two people in what is the third such deadly attack in Pakistan in three weeks . The attacker tried to enter the mosque during evening prayers at 6:45 p.m. but was stopped by a security guard , Islamabad police said . The bomber detonated his explosives outside the building , police said . The bombing killed two people and injured seven others , said Dr. Aisha Isani , a representative of the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences , which was treating people injured in the blast . The militant group Jundallah claimed responsibility for Wednesday 's attack , said a Jundallah spokesman going only by the name of Fahad . The spokesman said that the group attacked because of a months-long Pakistani military operation against the Taliban and other militant groups in the country 's North Waziristan area , and that Jundallah would continue to target Shiite Muslims . North Waziristan is one of the northwestern Pakistan tribal areas bordering Afghanistan that have long been a base for anti-government militants . The Pakistani military campaign has displaced tens of thousands of people . Pakistan is a majority Sunni Muslim country . Shiites make up about 10 % to 15 % of the country 's population , according to the CIA World Factbook . Jundallah also claimed responsibility for a January 30 bombing at a Shiite mosque in the southern Pakistani city of Shikarpur . That blast killed at least 48 people and injured dozens of others , officials said . On Friday , a suicide bombing and gunfire attack on a Shiite mosque in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar killed at least 19 people , officials said . The Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack . Journalist Adeel Raja reported from Rawalpindi . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , Pakistan . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Jundallah militant group claims responsibility , blames a military offensive in North Waziristan A suicide bomber detonates explosives outside a mosque after guard stops him , police say Three deadly attacks on Shiite Muslim mosques have happened in Pakistan since January 30
CNN  -- When Ernie Els won the U.S. Open in 1994 , he was the first South African to claim a major golf title in 16 years . Perhaps more importantly , he was the first to win one since the end of apartheid and the start of the "  Rainbow Nation " -- his victory at Pennsylvania 's Oakmont Country Club came less than two month 's after the country 's historic elections in which Nelson Mandela was voted president . So when Els won his fourth major crown on Sunday after Australian Adam Scott capitulated on the closing holes of the British Open , the 42-year-old knew who to thank . "  A lot of the Olympic theme this year has got President Mandela in it , so he 's been very much in my thoughts , " Els said of the celebrated former anti-apartheid activist , who turned 94 last week . "  Believe it or not , I was lying watching cricket  South Africa against England  and I was just kind of day-dreaming and that thought came through me in a split second . Scott 's collapse hands British Open crown to Els "  If I win , I told myself , I 'd better thank President Mandela because I grew up in the era of the apartheid , and then changing into the democratic era President Mandela was right there . "  Right after the change I was the first one to win a major , so there 's a lot of significance there in my life . In a way we intertwined together in a crazy way and I just felt he 's been so important for us being where we are today as a nation and as sports people . " Els has joined an elite group of golfers -- including Jack Nicklaus , Tiger Woods , Bobby Jones , Walter Hagen and Lee Trevino -- who have won two Opens on either side of the Atlantic . His earlier successes led the way for compatriots Retief Goosen , who won the U.S. Open in 2001 and 2004 , Trevor Immelman  2008 Masters winner  and two players he has helped develop through his golf foundation -- Louis Oosthuizen  2010 British Open  and Charl Schwartzel  2011 Masters  . Giving it back : Els ' off-course passions Els ' unexpected victory at Royal Lytham and St. Annes , coming 10 years since his 2002 British Open victory at Muirfield , has been hailed by his compatriots . "  Thank you for lifting SA flag high to de world of golf . You are an inspiration to all South African kids , " Jabu Likhele wrote on Els ' Facebook page . Hugo Myburgh posted : "  Truly an inspiration to every South African , that no matter what 's happened over years of suffering and struggle can and has been overcome and a true smile reflects that !!! " Others paid tribute to Els ' work with raising awareness of autism , a condition which afflicts his son Ben . "  As a 4 times a year hacker of a golfer and a father of a 26 year old son with severe autism I want to say way to go Ernie winning the Open after all you and your family have been through what a triumph ! " wrote Brad Doyle from Phoenix , Arizona . Son 's autism gives golf ace Ernie Els a grand ambition Nine-year-old Ben Els was watching on television in London while his father conjured up an unlikely victory at the Lancashire links course in north-west England . "  I made a lot of putts with Ben in mind because I know Ben 's watching , " Els , who has raised millions towards building an autism research center , told reporters . "  He loves when I hit golf balls -- he 's always there . He comes with me . He loves the flight of the ball and the sound . "  I know he was watching . He gets really excited and I wanted to keep him excited , so I made a lot of putts for him . " Els was supposed to have headed straight to Canada for a PGA Tour event , but has delayed that so he can celebrate with Ben , wife Liezl and daughter Samantha . "  Ben 's coming through now nicely . He 's a wonderful boy now and he 's a bright boy , so we 're going to have a lot of fun . " Els has now won major titles in three different decades , but not along ago it appeared that the former world No. 1 's days as a contender were over . He failed to qualify for this year 's Masters after throwing away a winning position during a PGA Tour event in March , but he rebounded with a ninth-place finish at last month 's U.S. Open as he was again in the title mix on the final day . "  Not too many people win majors at my age , it means so much more , it feels so special , " he told CNN . "  You 're almost blase in a way when you 're young . It was like okay , you knew you were going to win and here we go . When you get older and you 've gone through the mill a bit like I have , this is so special . " Last year Els , known as the "  Big Easy " for his languid playing style and relaxed manner , dropped out of the top-50 rankings for the first time since 1993 . He has now moved back up to 15th , and paid tribute to his coach Claude Harmon -- the latest in a line of top instructors from that family , including his father Butch  who also worked with Els  and his namesake grandfather . "  He 's helped me immensely with my game , with confidence and so forth . I 'm very grateful to Claude , he 's one of many in that circle around me , " Els said . "  He 's one of many I want to thank , but obviously Claude is right at the top of the list . "	Ernie Els dedicates British Open victory to former president Nelson Mandela Els was first South African to win a major golf title in post-apartheid era His win at Royal Lytham is popular at home and across the world Els has raised millions of dollars for his autism charity , inspired by his son
CNN  -- Manchester City misfit Robinho made a winning second debut for Santos as he scored the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory against Brazilian rivals Sao Paulo on Sunday . The Brazil forward has returned home in a loan deal in order to boost his hopes of playing at the World Cup finals in South Africa in June , having struggled to win a first-team place with his English club this season . The 26-year-old , who cost big-spending City a club-record $ 52.4 million when he agreed to leave Spanish giants Real Madrid in a shock deal right at the end of the August 2008 transfer window , started his career with Santos eight years ago . He came off the bench 12 minutes into the second half at Sao Paulo 's Morumbi ground , and netted the winner with just five minutes to play with a clever backheel at the near post from Wesley 's cross . The victory lifted Santos to the top of the Sao Paulo state Campeonato Paulista Championship above their opponents . Teenage striker Neymar went to the top of the league 's goalscoring charts after putting Santos ahead with a penalty seven minutes before halftime after Arouca was fouled by Miranda , his seventh strike this season . Roger leveled the score 10 minutes after Robinho came on with a header from Marcelino Paraiba 's cross , but the City star settled the outcome in the 85th minute as he caught out goalkeeper Rogerio Ceni with his improvised finish . Brazil 's nationwide league begins in May , with Santos finishing 12th of 20 teams last season , 18 points behind champions Flamengo .	Manchester City misfit Robinho makes a winning second debut for Santos Brazil forward backheels the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory against Sao Paulo He came off the bench in the second half and scored winner with five minutes to play Robinho returned to Brazil to boost his hopes of playing at World Cup finals in June
CNN  -- Lebron James has revealed an interest in joining forces with David Beckham to bring a new Major League Soccer  MLS  franchise to Miami . The Miami Heat forward told reporters Monday that preliminary talks were underway with interest from both sides . "  David has become a good friend of mine over the last few years , and I think it would be great for this city to have a football club for sure . There 's interest on both sides . It 's preliminary talks but there is some open dialogue , " James said . If a partnership is agreed it would be James 's second investment in the sport -- the 28-year-old is already a minority shareholder in English Premier League team Liverpool . "  I 've grown a great interest in watching the game ... it 's a pretty intense sport and my kids love it as well . I 've grown to the point where I know exactly what 's going on when I 'm watching the game . " Beckham , who retired from the professional football in May , publicly expressed his desire to become a club owner at a book launch last month . Read more : David Beckham ` passionate ' about being club owner "  I 'm passionate about staying in football and being an owner of a team is something I 'm passionate about . Miami is one of the places we looked at , and we 've looked at others too , " the 38-year-old said . The former England international 's groundbreaking contract signed with LA Galaxy in 2007 gave him the option to create a new MLS team for $ 25 million . "  When I signed my contract six , seven years ago , my manager Simon Fuller actually got a clause in the contract that enabled me to have a franchise at the end of my playing career and obviously now I 've stopped playing , " he said . Beckham and James appear undeterred by the city 's previous foray into MLS which saw Miami Fusion close for business in 2002 after only four years in the league . Today , the MLS supports 19 teams with a 20th club -- New York City FC -- set to launch in 2015 . James says research into the viability of a franchise is ongoing but he does n't doubt Miami 's potential . "  I think this could be huge , but you never know . I think this is a great town for soccer . There 's a lot of soccer players here and great youth soccer players here and people love the city as well so that will definitely help , " he said . Beckham , as you would expect , was typically enthusiastic when quizzed last month about soccer 's long-term prospects in the U.S. "  It 's going to get better and bigger , " said Beckham . "  Since I moved there , 11 to 12 teams have come into the league . I have seen the excitement of the people talking about soccer or football . "	Basketball star reveals talks with football legend over MLS Miami franchise James says talks are at preliminary stage but there is interest from both sides Beckham revealed interest in owning a franchise last month James says Miami is "  a great town for soccer " with "  lots of great youth soccer players "
President Obama may have promised Americans that they can keep their insurance if they like it , but that 's not the case in at least three states where insurance companies are required to discontinue plans that do n't meet Obamacare 's new coverage standards . Virginia , Kentucky and Idaho have told insurance companies that they must scrap insurance plans that do n't meet the minimum coverage requirements laid out in the Affordable Care Act . Some states allow insurers to amend their current plans to include the new benefits , such as maternity care and prescription drug coverage , required under Obamacare . But these three states have determined that with so many changes required under Obamacare , it 's easier to start over than to try to bring existing plans into compliance . Ronda Sloan , a spokeswoman for the Kentucky Department of Insurance , explained the policy this way : "  In this case , you 're talking about an entirely new product . They had to file a completely new policy . ... It was easier just to start from scratch . " That means that about half of the roughly 600,000 people in Kentucky 's private insurance market will have their current insurance plans discontinued by the end of next year . Private insurance only makes up part of the state 's insurance market , which also includes employer-based coverage , and Medicare and Medicaid . Virginia Bureau of Insurance spokesman Ken Schrad said insurance companies could offer customers with discontinued plans similar coverage , but it also has to include the new mandated Obamacare benefits . But , he cautioned , "  it is virtually impossible to compare what you have to what you 're going to have because of all the new provisions . " Indeed , some people may find the new plans cost more . Others might qualify for subsidies and pay less for their insurance . White House spokesman Jay Carney on Tuesday defended the president 's promise , arguing that anyone who has a plan that predates the Affordable Care Act can keep that plan -- as long as its terms have not changed in the interim . "  The president was clear about a basic fact : If you had insurance that you liked on the individual market , and you wanted to keep that insurance through 2010 , ' 11 , ' 12 , '13 and in perpetuity if you wanted it and it was available , you could . You were grandfathered in , " Carney said at the White House briefing Tuesday . In practice , insurance companies are loath to leave their plans unchanged , so grandfathered plans are disappearing . Numbers for how many grandfathered plans are hard to come by , and insurers do n't seem to be looking back . "  Health plans want to keep their customers . In notifying consumers about changes to their existing coverage , health plans are educating them about their new coverage options , including the benefits and assistance that are available through the new marketplaces , and helping them enroll , " said Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for America 's Health Insurance Plans . But even having to enroll in a new plan could leave some people confused and upset , particularly after the president assured them repeatedly that that would n't be the case .	Virginia , Kentucky and Idaho tell insurers to end non-compliant plans "  It was easier just to start from scratch , " rather than fixing old plans , one official says Some customers with old plans may pay more for new ones ; others may get subsidies White House stand by assertion that customers could keep their insurance plans
Washington  CNN  -- A defiant Rep. Maxine Waters , D-California , insisted Friday that neither she nor her staff broke any House rules . Waters also blasted the House ethics committee for failing to schedule a trial to resolve allegations she helped steer federal bailout money to Massachusetts-based OneUnited Bank -- in which her husband had a financial stake . She repeatedly denied any wrongdoing , and insisted she will not cut a deal with the committee . Given the fact that the committee 's investigation has now lasted for over a year , "  such a delay is unacceptable , " she told reporters at a Capitol Hill news conference that lasted over an hour . "  This case is about fairness , " she said . Due process has been denied , and ethics investigators have ignored "  key pieces of exculpatory evidence . " There was no special "  benefit , no improper action ,  and  no failure to disclose , " she declared . There is "  no case . " Waters , a 10-term Los Angeles congresswoman , insisted she was merely trying to arrange assistance for the National Bankers Association , an organization representing more than 100 minority-owned banks . Much of my work is based on expanding "  access for those who are  traditionally  not heard by the decision makers , " she said . Waters , a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee , helped arrange a meeting in September 2008 between OneUnited and Treasury Department officials , according to ethics investigators . OneUnited Bank ultimately received $ 12 million in bailout funds . According to an ethics report , Waters ' husband owned almost 4,000 shares of OneUnited stock at the time of the meeting . The shares had declined in value from more than $ 350,000 in June to $ 175,000 at the end of September -- the height of the Wall Street financial crisis . Waters , according to a separate preliminary report , called then-Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson "  and requested that Treasury Department officials meet with representatives " from the NBA . "  A meeting was in fact granted , however , the discussion at the meeting focused on a single bank -- OneUnited . Rep. Waters ' husband had been a board member of the bank from 2004 to 2008 and , at the time of the meeting , was a stock holder of the bank , " the report said . Waters has repeatedly insisted the meeting was set up for NBA -- "  for all the minority bankers . " She noted Friday that some of the meeting 's participants have asserted , contrary to the conclusion of the report , that between "  60 and 75 percent " of the conversation focused on the needs of minority banks as a whole . The ethics report also states that Waters approached Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , D-Massachusetts , to say that she was "  in a predicament because her husband had been involved in the bank , but ` OneUnited people ' were coming to her for help . " Waters , "  according to -LSB- Frank -RSB- ... knew she should say no , but it bothered her . It was clear to -LSB- Frank -RSB- that this was a ` conflict of interest problem . ' " Frank 's advice to Waters , the report states , was to ` stay out of it . ' " In an interview on the Tom Joyner Show Tuesday , Waters admitted she had spoken to Frank , but described the circumstances much differently than the report . "  I did n't go to him for advice . I went to him and told him , ` These are your constituents . They are headquartered in your district and they are now trying to find TARP . We 're representing the National Bankers Association , ' " Waters said . "  So then I said , ` Perhaps you need to take a look at this ' and he said , ` Fine . Do n't worry . You do n't have anything to do with this . I will take care of it . ' And , as a result of that , he started to work on it . " she said . Waters insisted Friday she "  would never take extraordinary steps " to save her husband 's investment in OneUnited Bank . She also noted that the September meeting with Treasury officials happened before the Troubled Asset Relief Program -- the pool of bailout money from which OneUnited 's $ 12 million was drawn -- became law . Ethics investigators have asserted that Waters "  agreed to refrain from advocating on behalf of OneUnited , " but failed to instruct her chief of staff , Mikael Moore , from doing so . Following the September 9 meeting between Treasury and National Bankers Association officials , Moore "  was actively involved in assisting OneUnited representatives with their request for capital from Treasury and crafting legislation to authorize Treasury to grant the request " for financial assistance , the ethics report said . "  Reasonable " people could construe Moore 's "  continued involvement in assisting OneUnited as the dispensing of special favors or privileges to OneUnited , " the report concluded . Both Waters and Moore -- who also spoke at Friday 's news conference -- have denied that allegation . "  If you 're going to wrap this all around creating these violations because I failed to supervise my staff , it does n't hold water , they do n't have any proof of that and I maintain that I want to go to trial or whatever they want to call it -- adjudicatory hearing -- because I think I do n't deserve this , " Waters said Tuesday . Waters is the second high-ranking Democrat now facing a public ethics trial this fall . New York Rep. Charlie Rangel , the former chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee , has been accused of 13 violations of House rules involving alleged financial wrongdoing and harming the credibility of Congress . The prospect of inquiries into the two high-profile Democrats has compounded the fears of congressional Democrats nervous about their prospects in mid-term elections in November . The growing likelihood of trials for Waters and Rangel also adds the explosive element of race to the political equation . Both representatives are leaders of the Congressional Black Caucus , and OneUnited Bank is one of the largest minority-owned banks in America . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Waters insists neither she nor her staff did anything wrong Waters has been charged with helping a bank linked to her husband Waters says she wants to go to trial She is one of two prominent African-American Congressional Democrats facing ethic charges
CNN  -- Their candles flickering in the warm Tennessee night , fans quietly stood vigil over Elvis Presley 's grave early Tuesday to mark the 34th anniversary of the singer 's death . "  Thank you so much for being here and continuing to honor the legacy of my father , " said a message from Lisa Marie Presley that was read to fans at the gates of Graceland . "  Your ongoing love and support mean very much to me and my family . " Presley died at the Memphis , Tennessee , mansion on August 16 , 1977 , and is buried on the grounds . Fans began filing past his grave bearing candles Monday night . Graceland hosts a week of events leading up to the annual commemoration , featuring tribute concerts , appearances by contemporaries and onetime sidemen and fan parties . The "  King of Rock n ' Roll " was 42 when he was found dead in his bathroom at the mansion , which he bought after hitting it big 20 years earlier . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . More than three decades later , he remains one of the top-selling acts in music . In 2010 , Forbes magazine estimated his estate 's annual take from music sales , a Las Vegas show , Graceland visits and licensing at $ 60 million . CNN 's Ed Payne and Matt Smith contributed to this report	A candlelight vigil at Graceland marks Presley 's 1977 death The singer died in his Memphis , Tennessee , home at age 42 Presley is buried on the grounds of Graceland In 2010 , Forbes magazine estimated his estate 's annual income at $ 60 million .
CNN  -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel fractured her pelvis in a skiing accident in Switzerland over the holidays , her spokesman told reporters Monday . Merkel was cross-country skiing when the accident occurred . Spokesman Steffen Seibert did not disclose the date of the incident , but said her injuries are not thought to be serious and it is thought she will make a full recovery . Merkel , who has been Chancellor of Germany since 2005 , will need aid to walk over the next few weeks and will be canceling some of her commitments , Seibert said . Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union  CDU  said it will delay its party retreat , originally slated for January 10-11 , as a result of her accident . The news of Merkel 's fall comes just eight days after her fellow countryman Michael Schumacher , the most successful driver in Formula One history , was critically injured while skiing in the French Alps . Schumacher , who fell and hit his head on rocks while skiing off-piste on December 29 in Meribel , has undergone two operations and is in a medically induced coma . The German racing legend remains in a critical but stable condition , according to his manager .	Angela Merkel fractures pelvis in skiing accident in Switzerland over winter holiday Her injuries are not serious , and she will make a full recovery , a spokesman says Merkel will need help walking and will cancel some commitments , spokesman says
CNN  -- The Boy Scouts of America have nominated former Defense Secretary and ex-Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Robert Gates to lead the organization , according to a Wednesday news release . If approved by the Boy Scouts ' national council , the Eagle Scout will begin a two-year term as president in May . The organization , which has about 2.6 million youth members , also elected Gates to its national executive board . "  There is no finer program for preparing American boys for citizenship and leadership than the Boy Scouts of America , " Gates said in a statement . "  I know firsthand how impactful this program can be , and I believe its mission is more important today than ever before . " Gates has long had a relationship with the organization . He is a past president of the National Eagle Scout Association and has been awarded the Silver Buffalo Award , for service to youth , and was named to the Order of the Arrow , "  the highest mark of distinction and recognition for those with exceptional service and unselfish interests , " according to the Boy Scouts . Boy Scouts to allow gay youths to join Wayne Brock , chief Scout executive , said the group was honored to have Gates as president-elect . "  I believe Dr. Gates ' vision and passion for scouting will continue to allow the BSA to focus on delivering the nation 's foremost youth program of character development and values-based leadership training to the young people of this nation , " he said in the statement . A former Texas A&M University president , Gates has served eight White House administrations and is the only career CIA officer to serve as the agency 's director . "  Gates has been awarded the National Security Medal and the Presidential Citizens Medal , has twice received the National Intelligence Distinguished Service Medal , and has three times received the CIA 's highest award , the Distinguished Intelligence Medal . On his last day in office as secretary of defense , Gates was awarded the nation 's highest civilian award , the Presidential Medal of Freedom , by President Obama , " the Boy Scouts release said . The Kansas native received his bachelor 's degree from the College of William and Mary , where he is chancellor , his master 's degree in history from Indiana University , and his doctorate in Russian and Soviet history from Georgetown University . He and his wife , Becky , have two grown children . Trail Life USA launches a Boy Scout alternative	Robert Gates named Boy Scouts ' president-elect , group says "  There is no finer program for preparing American boys , " Gates says A former Eagle Scout , Gates has a long relationship with group serving 2.6 million youth
Google has made a bold statement against discrimination on its home page . The search giant 's rainbow Olympic-themed logo , posted to mark the first day of the Sochi Winter Games , sends a powerful message of support for not only gay athletes competing in the games , but for the gay community at large and its supporters . The company often changes its logo to reflect current events or to mark significant anniversaries . The latest "  Google doodle " features images of athletes involved in Winter Olympic events , against a backdrop colored like the rainbow flag , the adopted symbol of the movement for gay rights . Unlike the current iteration , Google doodles usually conform to the company logo 's color scheme . Under the search bar , the company quotes the Olympic Charter , which promises all athletes the right to practice sport . "  The practice of sport is a human right . Every individual must have the possibility of practicing sport , without discrimination of any kind and in the Olympic spirit , which requires mutual understanding with a spirit of friendship , solidarity and fair play , " the Charter excerpt reads . The quoted paragraph is the fourth in the Charter 's "  fundamental principles of Olympism "  pdf  . The colored logo is a direct rebuke to Russian president Vladimir Putin 's government , whose recently-introduced anti-gay legislation , the so-called anti-gay propaganda law , has been a focal point of critics of these Games . Opponents argue that the laws that Putin 's government enacted last year are in contravention to the spirit of the Games . Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Kozak , recently warned both spectators and athletes against promoting gay rights during the Olympics . Last month Anatoly Pakhomov , the Mayor of Sochi , drew ridicule by suggesting that the city was devoid of gay people . Ban Ki-moon , the UN secretary general , used his speech to the International Olympic Committee on Thursday to offer support to the LGBT community , saying that "  many professional athletes , gay and straight , are speaking out against prejudice . " Google 's undisputed position as the world 's most-used search engine means that this is a rebuke that may be seen by billions . The Sochi Winter Olympics officially open today and will run until the 23rd of February .	Google doodle supports LGBT community with rainbow flag and Olympic Charter quote Putin 's government criticized for its anti-gay stance UN Secretary General also shows support for LGBT community in IOC speech
CNN  -- Hours after Libya 's former interior minister said he resigned to support anti-government protesters , the Libyan government said he had been kidnapped . Abdul Fattah Younis al Abidi told CNN Wednesday that he resigned Monday after hearing that 300 unarmed civilians had been killed in Benghazi , Libya 's second-largest city . He accused Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi of planning to attack civilians on a wide scale . But the same day , Libyan state media reported that "  gangs " in Benghazi had kidnapped him . Witnesses have reported that Benghazi has essentially been taken over by the opposition . Witnesses also told CNN they saw Younis on Sunday and Monday in Benghazi , where he was siding with the protesters . CNN could not immediately confirm reports for areas beyond Benghazi . The Libyan government maintains tight control on communications and has not responded to repeated requests from CNN for access to the country . CNN has interviewed numerous witnesses by phone . Libyan state television added that Libyan forces have warned those responsible for the kidnapping that they "  will be chased in their hiding places . " Earlier Wednesday , al Abidi said he had quit the government and is supporting the protesters , who he predicted will achieve victory in "  days or hours . " "  Gadhafi told me he was planning on using airplanes against the people in Benghazi , and I told him that he will have thousands of people killed if he does that , " al Abidi said in an Arabic-language telephone interview Wednesday . He called Gadhafi "  a stubborn man " who will not give up . "  He will either commit suicide or he will get killed , " said al Abidi , who said he has known him since 1964 . Al Abidi called on Libyan security forces "  to join the people in the intifada . " Already , he said , "  many members " of the security forces had defected , including those in the capital , Tripoli . Since the recent protests in Libya started February 15 , a growing number of Libyan officials have reportedly resigned . Libya 's ambassador to Bangladesh , A.H. Elimam , resigned to side with pro-democracy protesters , said BSS , the official news agency of Bangladesh , citing a Foreign Ministry official Tuesday . iReport : Are you there ? share photos , video Justice Minister Mustafa Abdul Jalil also resigned , saying he was protesting the "  bloody situation " and "  use of excessive force " against unarmed protesters , according to the Libyan newspaper Quryna . CNN 's Waffa Munayyer contributed to this report .	Libyan state TV reports "  gangs " in Benghazi kidnapped Abdul Fattah Younis al Abidi Earlier Wednesday , al Abidi said he quit the government and supports protesters He predicted protesters will achieve victory in "  days or hours "
Tribune Media Services  -- Like a German child 's fantasy , Nurnberg 's fairy-godmother-like teenage angel stretched out her arms and said , "  If you 're very , very gentle , you can touch my wings . " I stayed seated while little Bavarian preschoolers mobbed the stage to touch their Christkind . In southern Germany , a lovely angel named the Christkind charms wonderstruck children . Bavaria and Tirol -- two traditional regions of Germany and Austria -- are great for Christmas traditions . While most travelers visit for the Christmas markets , that 's just the start of the holiday charm . Germany 's grandest Christmas market , in Nurnberg , comes complete with an angelic Christkind dressed in gold , played by a real-life teenage girl . How does a female Christkind fit in the Christmas story ? Five hundred years ago , Martin Luther -- the church reformer who hailed from these parts -- wanted to shift the focus from St. Nicholas back to the Christ child . But as Germans had a hard time getting their mind around baby Jesus giving gifts , the Christmas gift-giver gradually morphed into a sweet girl who was still called the Christ child  or Christkind  . I was in Nurnberg producing a TV program about traditional European Christmas celebrations . I had arranged an interview with the Christkind . Chosen every other year in a contest , she 's like a rock star ... complete with bodyguard , publicist and entourage . We had been filming a montage of mistletoe kisses in action . After the interview , I pulled out the mistletoe and asked if I could give her a little kiss . Her bodyguard explained she could kiss my cheek ... but I could n't kiss hers . Each culture has a mythic gift-giver that parents use to encourage kids to be nice , not naughty . In Switzerland children enjoy an annual visit from a dynamic Christmas duo : Samichlaus -- Swiss-German for "  St. Nick " -- and the black-clad henchman Schmutzli , his sidekick . We filmed Swiss children promising they were nice and not naughty , singing Samichlaus a carol , and eagerly digging into his big burlap bag to get their goodies . While much of Europe is down on the commercialism of the holiday season  I even found some towns that had proclaimed "  Santa-free " zones  , much of Europe is also so secular that you hardly see any Christmas festivities . Austria , however , celebrates with sacred and traditional gusto . Visiting a Tirolean farming family , I enjoyed dashing through the fields in a two-horse open sleigh . Then , at the door of their gingerbread-cute yet massive home , the entire clan greeted us with a Christmas yodel . Inside their time-warp home , grandma made cookies , an old Hapsburg grandpa played the zither , and Mom lit the advent wreath while teaching her child the significance of each candle . Dad blessed the house from the attic to the barn by spreading incense smoke and sprinkling holy water . The parents decorated the tree in secret , placed the gifts , and lit the real candles . They rang a bell , and the kids tumbled into the room filled with joy . My time in Austria had its musical ups and downs . In Salzburg , my film crew and I hiked to the abbey where Maria of "  The Sound of Music " caused her fellow sisters to sing , "  How do you solve a problem like Maria ? " The sisters had agreed to let us be present at their holy Mass. . Our soundman carefully set up the microphone stand to the side of the altar , facing the choir of nuns  as I sat in the back happily humming "  Climb Every Mountain "  . Suddenly , the old but very spry Mother Superior dashed across the altar , evicting the soundman , who had to drag all his gear out of that holy zone . We heard the music , but could n't record it . Thankfully , the next morning -- Christmas morning -- we were given a royal perch in the Salzburg cathedral . As the cameras rolled , a huge orchestra and choir filled the place with a glorious , powerful Diabelli Mass. . Austria is the home of "  Silent Night . " In Oberndorf -- the town just outside of Salzburg where the song originated -- I hoped to catch a performance of "  Stille Nacht " for viewers . On Christmas Eve , we scrambled to record at several spots where events were to take place . But it was basically a muddy , touristy mess , with underwhelming music and not a hint of the magic we had naively hoped for . I managed to persuade a couple of musicians to perform a private little concert in the town 's church for us . After a day of frustration , we filmed "  Silent Night " as it was first played -- with two guitars and two singers . Today , this heavenly song can be heard from small-town street corners in America to magnificent cathedrals in Europe . However and wherever you celebrate this year , I hope you too have a peaceful holiday -- as the song says -- both calm and bright . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . COPYRIGHT 2007 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. . E-mail to a friend	Rick Steves produces 30 guidebooks on European travel Since 1973 he 's spent 120 days a year in Europe His company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
A grand jury has indicted Officer Randall Kerrick of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department on a charge of voluntary manslaughter in the September 14 shooting death of Jonathan Ferrell , according to a statement from state Attorney General Roy Cooper . The grand jury heard evidence from the state Bureau of Investigation and the police department . "  With the strength of the evidence in this case , we 're not surprised , " Charles Monnett , an attorney for Ferrell 's family , said about Monday 's indictment . "  We 're all pleased and happy that the process is beginning now and that there 's an end in sight , " he said . "  It is the first step towards justice . " Ferrell 's mother , Georgia , told CNN that she is prepared to wait as long as it takes for the case to wind its way through the justice system . "  I just feel like God 's will will be done , " she said . The Charlotte , North Carolina , officer faced a second grand jury proceeding for the fatal shooting of Ferrell , an ex-college football player who was reportedly seeking assistance after a car accident . Attorneys for Kerrick had denounced the prosecution 's move to resubmit the case as unlawful and filed a motion to block it , but CNN affiliate News 14 Carolina reported the grand jury convened Monday morning . A grand jury last week declined to indict Kerrick . Prosecutors said afterward the grand jury was composed of less than a full panel and vowed to send the case back . According to a handwritten statement filed with the court , the first grand jury requested that the prosecutor submit a "  bill of indictment to a lesser-included or related offense , " but the state attorney general said he would resubmit the voluntary manslaughter charge . Chris Chestnut , another attorney for Ferrell 's family , described relatives as "  shocked and devastated " by the first grand jury 's ruling and said they were concerned a "  miscarriage of justice is imminent . " Kerrick 's attorneys , however , filed a motion Friday saying that any miscarriage was on the prosecution 's part . North Carolina law states that a grand jury can be made up of 12 to 18 members , the defense attorneys said . Thus , the prosecution 's claim that it could go back to the grand jury because fewer than 18 members initially heard Kerrick 's case was spurious , the motion said . There was "  nothing irregular or improper " about the grand jury that heard last week 's case , the attorneys said in a statement . The motion further alleged that Cooper 's statement to the media -- that "  This is not over " -- and his announcement that he would resubmit the case was a "  wholly improper and blatant attempt to influence the  second  grand jury . " The defense reiterated its claim that the shooting , "  while tragic , was justified under the circumstances presented to Officer Kerrick at the time , " according to its statement . "  We have seen news clips and interviews stating the community should be ` outraged ' at the return of a No True Bill of Indictment , " the statement continued . "  Those outraged have simply not heard all of the facts and hasten to a position . The true outrage of this community should be at the Attorney General 's complete disregard of the original findings of our first grand jury . " Ferrell 's family disagreed and issued a statement saying , "  It appears that this motion was filed solely because Randall Kerrick 's attorneys feel their client will be indicted once the full Grand Jury properly considers the evidence in this case when it convenes on Monday . " Attorneys for Ferrell 's family on January 13 filed a civil lawsuit connected to his death . It targets the city of Charlotte , Mecklenburg County , Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Rodney Monroe and Kerrick . Kerrick shot an unarmed Ferrell , a 24-year-old ex-Florida A&M football player , after a woman -- home alone with her 1-year-old child -- called 911 and reported someone was trying to break down her front door . It was 2:35 a.m. , and according to the lawsuit , the woman "  does not understand that Jonathon may be injured and is in need of assistance and becomes frightened by his presence on her doorstep at such a late hour . She quickly closes the door , calls 911 for assistance and activates her home security system . " The woman told police Ferrell was "  yelling for her to turn her alarm off " but never reported that Ferrell harmed her , made threatening statements , brandished a weapon or stole or vandalized her property , the lawsuit further alleges . Police were dispatched , and Ferrell walked down the street to seek assistance elsewhere , according to the lawsuit . Kerrick and two other officers arrived on the scene about 11 minutes after the 911 call , but Kerrick did n't speak with the woman , the lawsuit says . He instead tracked down Ferrell , who "  never engages in any conduct which can be objectively reasonably interpreted as aggravated active aggression , " according to the lawsuit . "  Defendant Kerrick , in direct violation of written police department regulations , fires 12 high-velocity bullets at Jonathon , striking him 10 times in the chest and arms , " the lawsuit continues . The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department has called the shooting unlawful . "  The evidence revealed that Mr. Ferrell did advance on Officer Kerrick and the investigation showed that the subsequent shooting of Mr. Ferrell was excessive , " police said in a statement on September 14 , the day of the shooting . "  Our investigation has shown that Officer Kerrick did not have a lawful right to discharge his weapon during this encounter . " Kerrick is free on $ 50,000 bond . His attorneys said in their statement Friday , "  The citizens of Mecklenburg County by and through its grand jury have spoken . We pray that if this case is reheard by a second Grand Jury , the same conclusion will be reached -- that there is no probable cause to sustain an indictment for voluntary manslaughter against Officer Kerrick . " D.A. recused himself from case	"  I just feel like God 's will will be done , " victim 's mother tells CNN Randall Kerrick 's attorneys say resubmitting same charge to grand jury illegal Prosecutors have said first grand jury was not a full panel ; defense contests that claim Officer fatally shot Jonathan Ferrell after woman called 911 to report home invasion
CNN  -- Tunisia 's interim Prime Minister Ali Laarayedh has confirmed that he will submit his resignation Thursday , the state news agency reported , as part of a deal aimed at putting the North African country 's transition to democracy back on track . His successor , Industry Minister Mehdi Jomaa , is expected to announce a new caretaker government before the end of the week . Laarayedh will hand his resignation to President Moncef Marzouki Thursday afternoon , the state-run TAP news agency said . Tunisia -- the cradle of the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings that toppled autocratic leaders in one of the most conservative corners of the world -- has been in crisis since the killings of two secular opposition leaders by gunmen last year . Thursday 's move is in line with an agreement between the government and opposition last year to end a political deadlock . That deal foresaw the ruling Islamist Ennahda party handing over power once parties had finished writing a new constitution and appointed an electoral commission to oversee new elections . Tunisia 's national assembly has been voting on the last clauses of the new charter this week and on Wednesday appointed the electoral committee . Economic woes The once-banned moderate Islamist Ennahda party won elections in October 2012 -- the first after the January 2011 ouster of former autocratic leader Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali -- and formed an Islamist-led government . But political turmoil has beset the North African country , which relies heavily on foreign tourists for revenue , and the presidency has declared a state of emergency . One of the most secular nations in the Arab world , Tunisia slid into a stalemate after the assassination of two secular politicians , widening divisions over the role of Islam . Ennahda condemned the killings , but the opposition accused it of failing to rein in radical Islamists . The political wrangling that followed has threatened to disrupt a democratic transition in a country once seen as a model of post-revolutionary stability in a still volatile region . The uneasy compromise between Ennahda and the secular opposition in Tunisia 's transition contrasts with instability affecting Libya , Egypt and Yemen , countries which also ousted leaders in the 2011 Arab Spring . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Saad Abedine contributed to this report	Ali Laarayedh 's resignation is part of a deal struck between the government and opposition New PM expected to announce a caretaker government by the end of the week The assassination last year of two opposition politicians triggered growing unrest Tunisia is seen as the birthplace of the Arab Spring movement
CNN  -- Rain-swollen rivers have inundated highways and farms , towns and parks in western Washington , shutting down traffic on a 20-mile stretch of heavily traveled Interstate 5 between Seattle and Oregon and threatening the federal roadway north of Seattle . Flooding forces officials to close a road in Arlington , Washington , north of Seattle . "  If you 're trying to do commerce between Portland -LSB- Oregon -RSB- and Seattle , there is no way right now , " said Bob Calkins , a spokesman for the Washington State Emergency Operations Center in Camp Murray near Tacoma . "  That 's the major way into Washington state from Oregon . " Flooding south of Seattle near Chehalis covered parts of I-5 with 30 inches of water , prompting its closure until at least Monday , state transportation officials said . And state and local roads also were victims of the water . "  The problem is the one real good detour is just as flooded , " Calkins said . North of Seattle , a levee failure in Arlington brought the Stillaguamish River up to the edges of I-5 , which remained open although some access ramps were closed , transportation officials said . The rain also caused Amtrak to suspend service between Seattle and Portland until Saturday , "  with no alternative transportation , " the rail line said on its Web site . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share pics , video On Friday morning , the National Weather Service extended flood warnings for parts of six rivers that flow through five counties in western Washington near Seattle and Tacoma . Those affected included Puyallup River near Orting , Newaukum River near Chehalis , White River near Buckley , Cowlitz River at Randle , Skookumchuck River near Bucoda and Centralia , and the Chehalis River at Centralia and Porter and near Grand Mound . The weather service canceled flood warnings for two rivers -- the Nisqually near National and the Deschutes near Rainier . This week 's flooding has caused hundreds of families to evacuate , according to the Washington Emergency Management Division . It prompted 18 counties and 13 cities to declare emergencies , the division said . Across the state , a number of rivers had crested , but flooded roads remained hazardous . The risk of landslides was high , leading to the closure of all passes across the Cascades , officials said . Watch a report from CNN affiliate KIRO about landslide risks " A meteorologist for the National Weather Service in Seattle said 15 inches of rain that began Monday had ended . The rainfall swept across virtually all of the state , but its biggest effects occurred along the western half of Puget Sound , Calkins said . The swollen Puyallup River threatened the town by the same name , but Loretta Cutter sprang into action . The administrator of a group home and a longtime resident there helped evacuate 47 residents from the Valley Community Inn , a home for the mentally challenged and developmentally disabled , to a shelter at a nearby church . And she made sure her husband and a grandson left their one-story rambler house and got safely situated . "  It 's a situation you do n't realize you are going to be in ; it 's always someone else , " Cutter said from the shelter at the Sunrise Baptist Church in Puyallup , east of Tacoma . "  It was pretty traumatizing to all of us . " Cutter is one of 40,000 residents in at least 19 communities whom authorities asked to leave their homes Thursday amid heavy flooding along rivers and streams in western Washington . Some 260 of them sought shelter Wednesday night at the 39 shelters for people , Calkins said . In addition , seven livestock and two pet shelters were set up , he said . Meanwhile , the torrential downpours of the past few days transformed Thursday into drizzle , common in western Washington , which typically gets less rainfall in any given year than does Miami , Florida . "  It just drizzles every day , or so it seems , whereas in Miami , when it rains , it 's a belly washer , " Calkins said . This week 's flooding was worsened by a warm spell that melted up to 7 feet of snow that had fallen around Puget Sound , he said . Health authorities have issued occasional boil-water orders , but Calkins said he had other concerns . "  The larger issue is , as people go to their homes , they may be walking through floodwater that is contaminated by sewage , " he said .	NEW : Flood warnings extended for parts of six rivers in western Washington A stretch of Interstate 5 between Seattle and Oregon remains closed Amtrak suspends service between Seattle and Portland , Oregon , until Saturday Up to 15 inches of rain reported in some areas of Washington state
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange declined to discuss government abuse of the press by the country that has been shielding him from arrest in a CNN interview that was more remarkable for what he did n't say than any revelations about his plight . In a sometimes combative interview Wednesday on "  OutFront with Erin Burnett , " Assange described strategic surveillance by governments as a "  sea change in politics " that puts freedoms at risk . When pushed about Ecuador 's press freedom record , described by the Committee to Protect Journalists as one of the worst in Latin America , Assange said : "  Its people have been generous to me , but it 's not a significant world player . " "  Whatever little things occurring in small countries are not of concern , " he said . "  We must concentrate on what is happening in the entire civilization of the world . " Embassy life like ' a space station , ' Assange says Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in June to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . Assange has said he fears Sweden will transfer him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty for the work of WikiLeaks . He has repeatedly said the allegations are politically motivated and tied to the work of his website , which facilitates the publication of secret documents . WikiLeaks has published hundreds of thousands of pages of American government diplomatic cables and assessments of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . He has not been charged in the United States , though Assange and his supporters claim a U.S. grand jury has been empanelled to consider charges against him . Army Pvt. Bradley Manning , 24 , has been charged with leaking classified military and State Department documents while serving as an intelligence analyst in Iraq . Assange nor WikiLeaks have ever confirmed Manning was the source . Assange appeared on the CNN news show to promote a new book he co-authored : "  Cypherpunks : Freedom and the Future of the Internet , " which examines the threat of the Internet . He wrote the book with Jacob Appelbaum , Jeremie Zimmermann and Andy Muller-Maguhn . The interview turned testy when he declined to discuss Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa 's press freedom record . Correa , according to CPJ , has shuttered 11 local radio stations and had a record of filing lawsuits in civil and criminal courts as a means of intimidation . "  It 's not the topic of what we are doing here , " Assange said , adding that he agreed to appear on the show to discuss "  the surveillance state . " During the interview , Burnett asked Assange whether he felt any guilt about the plight of Manning or concern he might broker a plea deal that could implicate him . How notoriety has changed a trapped man Assange deflected the questions and focused on the effort of Manning 's attorney to get the case dismissed over alleged abuse the private suffered to implicate him and WikiLeaks . "  As far as we know , there has been no such confession . " Assange also declined to answer questions about his health following comments from Ecuador 's ambassador to the UK that the WikiLeaks founder is suffering a chronic lung infection . "  I do n't think it 's important , " Assange said . Assange has been effectively confined for the past five months to the Ecuadorian Embassy , which granted him asylum in August . The move sparked a diplomatic row with the UK , which has said it will arrest Assange if he leaves the embassy . The UK says it has a legal obligation to hand Assange over to Sweden , after his legal effort to avoid extradition were rejected by British courts .	Ecuador granted Julian Assange asylum in August The Committee to Protect Journalists says Ecuador has one of the worst press freedom records "  Whatever little things occurring in small countries are not of concern , " Assange says Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in June
CNN  -- It gets more visitors than any art gallery and more clicks than any other single site on the Internet . Imagine getting your own drawing on Google 's homepage . Google is giving aspiring student artists and inventors a rare chance to get their original artwork on the heavily trafficked Google.com . The company is kicking off a Doodle 4 Google contest , and any student in the United States , grades kindergarten through 12 , can submit their own doodle between now and March 20 . The theme of this year 's contest is "  If I Could Invent One Thing to Make the World a Better Place ... " If your idea is especially brilliant , you might want to patent it before showing it off to the entire world or having it turned into a top-secret Google -LSB- x -RSB- project . In addition to a $ 30,000 scholarship and a tech grant to their school , the winner will make a trip to Google headquarters and work with its Doodle team to turn their drawing into an animation . The winning entry will appear on Google.com on June 9 . Even as ads and other detritus have filled search results , Google 's search-engine homepage has stayed clean , sparse and almost always free of ads .  Google has made exceptions to push its Nexus 7 , Nexus One and Motorola Droid devices . The classic multicolored Google logo sits on top of the search bar in the middle of the white page . But over the years , the logo itself has been altered for fun and some smart brand marketing . These artistic "  doodles " direct visitors to information on topics they might normally have overlooked , from filmmaker Ingmar Bergman to writer Zora Neale Hurston . "  It 's kind of like the mission behind having a search engine that can bring you all the information in the world , " Google Doodler Sophie Diao said .  Her business card actually lists "  Doodler " as her job title .  "  We can help users find something or learn about things that they otherwise might not . " The first Google Doodle was posted in 1998 , when the company founders took off for Burning Man and decided to drop a stick figure into the regular logo as a sort of "  Gone Fishing " sign . Over time , the company started marking the occasional holidays with decked-out logos , and the doodle took off . Now they mark important historical occasions and bring attention to people and topics that might otherwise be overlooked , such as Simone de Beauvoir 's 106th birthday , the 66th anniversary of the Roswell Incident and the 100th Tour de France . The doodles are usually created by a team of 20 Google employees , including 10 artists and three engineers , at the company 's Mountain View , California , headquarters . They make about a doodle a day , though many are only for specific regions of the world , so not everyone will see them on their Google.com homepage . You can see every doodle from around the world at Google.com / doodles . The altered logos take different forms . Most are static illustrations , but there are also animations and games . Some of the biggest hits are elaborate interactive doodles , like the winter-themed Zamboni game , which can take months to create . Clicking on a doodle brings up search results for that topic . In addition to hosting the winner for a day , the Doodle team will help an official group of judges sort through entries and pick the best drawings . The public will be able to chime in and vote on their favorites . "  We 're looking for doodles that kind of feel at once very personal and relatable and are also a showcase of the student 's creativity , " Diao said . Last year 's Doodle 4 Google contest winner was 18-year-old Sabrina Brady , who created an image of a returning U.S. soldier hugging his young daughter . She has gone on to use her scholarship money to enter art school .	Google is giving student artists a chance to take over the Google Doodle Artists must create alternative Google logos that illustrate game-changing inventions The winners get $ 30,000 and a day with the Doodle team at Google headquarters
New York  CNN  -- A 57-year-old musician arrested in connection with the drugs found in actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's apartment was granted bail Friday . The musician , Robert Vineberg , was among four people arrested in Manhattan in the days after the apparent heroin overdose of the Academy Award-winning actor on February 2 . Prosecutors said Vineberg , who was arrested on a felony charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance , had just under 50 small bags of heroin as well as packaging paraphernalia in his apartment during the raid . In another one of his apartments in the same Mott Street building , prosecutors said , 250 small bags of heroin were found . In addition , prosecutors said , detectives recovered nearly $ 1,300 in cash on Vineberg . Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Edward McLaughlin set bail at $ 200,000 bond or $ 40,000 cash . Vineberg is due back in court Tuesday . Vineberg 's attorney , Edward Kratt , asked for a lower bail , saying his client has been an "  accomplished musician " since the late 1980s and a "  functioning heroin addict " with a 10-bag-a-day habit . The large quantity of drugs found in the apartments were for Vineberg 's personal use , Kratt said . The judge , however , appeared to doubt that assertion , saying that the amount of heroin in Vineberg 's possession was "  off the charts . " Vineberg was found to have the actor 's phone number stored in his cell phone , a law enforcement official told CNN . Police discovered the largest amount of what is believed to be heroin in his apartment , the source said . Outside court , Kratt said his client hoped to raise bail money with the help of friends . Asked if his client sold heroin to Hoffman , Kratt said : "  I really ca n't comment on that . I know that he did have a relationship with Mr. Hoffman as a friend , how that translated into other aspects of their behavior , I really ca n't comment . " Michael Holman , a friend of Vineberg who attended the hearing , described Vineberg as "  very talented , very generous , very smart . " "  We are shocked and believe that he is being railroaded for political reasons , " Holman said outside court . "  It 's convenient that they find someone to blame for ... Philip Seymour Hoffman 's overdose and death but I just do n't believe that Robert had anything to do with it , and the fact that he might have been friends with him is no surprise . Robert was friends with a lot of people , a lot of important people , a lot of important artists . " Two other people arrested in connection with Hoffman 's death -- Juliana Luchkiw and Max Rosenblum , both 22 -- were released last week until their next court dates . Luchkiw pleaded not guilty to a misdemeanor charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance . Her attorney , Stephen Turano , told the court his client had no criminal record . He said her father , who was present in court , is a lawyer and her mother a doctor . The prosecution asked for Luchkiw 's bail to be set at $ 1,500 , but McLaughlin ordered her released on her own recognizance . Rosenblum , who is to live with his parents until his next court date , had bond set at $ 35,000 , or $ 8,500 cash , which his family posted . Prosecutors did not file charges against a fourth person arrested in the raid . The New York medical examiner 's office said a determination of the cause and manner of Hoffman 's death is pending further study , including toxicology reports . When police were called to Hoffman 's fourth-floor Manhattan apartment , they found the 46-year-old actor lying on the bathroom floor with a syringe in his left arm . He was wearing shorts and a T-shirt , his eyeglasses still resting on his head , according to law enforcement sources familiar with the inquiry . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , the law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . Also found in Hoffman 's apartment was his personal journal , resting on a living room TV stand , two law enforcement sources said .	Robert Vineberg was among four people arrested after the death of Philip Seymour Hoffman Judge Edward McLaughlin set bail at $ 200,000 bond or $ 40,000 cash The Academy-Award winning actor was found dead February 2 of an apparent overdose
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- John Travolta , still in mourning over the death of his teenage son earlier this year , issued a rare public statement urging fans to see his latest movie , "  The Taking of Pelham 123 , " which he filmed last year . John Travolta stars as a villainous ex-inmate in "  The Taking of Pelham 123 , " which opens in theaters Friday . "  I promise , you wo n't be disappointed , " said Travolta , who plays a deranged ex-inmate who takes hostages on a New York subway . Travolta did not join co-star Denzel Washington in the promotional tour for the movie -- which hits theaters Friday -- because he said his family needed "  additional time to reconcile our loss . " His son Jett , 16 , was found unconscious on January 2 while on vacation with his family in the Bahamas . The teen was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead on arrival , local police said . Washington , who plays a subway train dispatcher forced to face down Travolta 's character , said he talked to the actor about three weeks ago . "  Needless to say , he 's struggling , " Washington said in an interview last week . Travolta 's statement , which can be read on his official Web site , said Washington , director Tony Scott and the producers "  stepped up without hesitation to help promote this wonderful film , and their unselfish efforts have allowed my family the additional time to reconcile our loss . " Making the movie was "  a labor of love , " Travolta said . "  Tony gave me the freedom to define , and then to become , the ultimate evil mastermind , " he said . "  This role as an actor gave me the chance to dispense with all moral and ethical limitations , and explore just how bad this character could really be . I believe you will like the result . " Much of the movie is a dialogue between Washington and Travolta 's character over a two-way radio . Many of the action shots were filmed in New York subway tunnels .	John Travolta releases statement on his Web site about "  The Taking of Pelham 123 " Travolta , still mourning son 's death , praised colleagues for "  unselfish efforts " Travolta 's son Jett died in January during family vacation
Editor 's Note : This story details how two members of the CNN Special Investigations Unit reported a story about controversial plans to spend $ 31 million to enhance two remote crossings on the border between the United States and Canada . The road to the border was so quiet it was safe for Drew Griffin to sit in the middle of it . SCOBEY , Montana  CNN  -- We were driving through some of the most remote country in the United States , chasing a story that seemed hard to believe . The Department of Homeland Security had announced it was spending $ 31 million to enhance and upgrade two remote border crossings -- just 12 miles apart -- on the border between Montana and the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . The spending was lauded by Montana 's two senators , even though only an average of 22 cars a day traveled through these border posts . We hopped a plane from Atlanta , Georgia , to Billings , Montana , and then headed to Scobey and Whitetail . The six-hour drive took us through some of this nation 's most beautiful country into the high plains of the Missouri River Region . It was a drive punctuated with glimpses of cows and antelopes , but few people . In fact , Burl Bowler , editor of the Daniels County Leader newspaper , which serves the border towns , advised us where to stop for gas en route , so we would n't run out and then really be in trouble . Besides seeing a part of the country where Lt. Col. George Custer took his last stand , there was the added benefit  sorry CNN management  of having no phone or Blackberry access . In that respect , it was a peaceful drive . When we got to Scobey , the few people we encountered could n't have been nicer . Everyone we passed stopped , said hello , or waved . But encountering people was the problem -- and in fact , the story : We just did n't encounter that many . Certainly not at the border , where we stood and even sat in the middle of the road to show viewers how few people travel to and from Canada here . Watch just how quiet the border crossing was " The Scobey border crossing itself seemed perfectly adequate . But the Department of Homeland Security had warned its agents not to allow us inside , so we do n't know what the interior is like . If we came in , we would be too disruptive , one government spokesman had informed us . In Scobey , that claim seemed a little far-fetched , since there was n't anything going on here -- disruptive or otherwise . On the Canadian side , farmer Marc Chabot , a U.S. citizen whose family has farmed the area on both sides of the border for generations , said he was grateful for the money his senators -- Democrats Max Baucus and Jon Tester -- steered to northeast Montana . But , he said , like others in the community , he gasped when he learned of the plan to spend $ 31 million expanding two border crossings that are rarely used . "  It would be wiser spent on something more useful to the public generally , " he told us , adding that come winter , the average of 20 cars crossing a day in Scobey drops to almost none . Editor Burl Bowler told us the area could certainly use stimulus money for jobs , but not at the border . We asked both Bowler and Chabot about the possibility of terrorists creeping across the frontier . Both said that after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , everyone needed to be more mindful of the porous border . But Chabot said the government had the area fairly well covered . "  Trust me , they know we are here right now , " he said . And a massive new building costing more than $ 15 million in Scobey , Montana , was n't exactly a deterrence to someone set on harming the United States , he added . Chabot joked that any stranger in the area certainly would not be a stranger long , since everyone knew everyone -- a point echoed by Bowler , who pointed out that while he had n't told many people that CNN was coming to town , everyone seemed to know it anyway . In Whitetail , it was even quieter . The town has grain elevators and a post office . Bureau of Transportation statistics show only about two people a day cross the border there , and the agents ' building seemed in good shape , save for maybe needing a paint job . The DHS planned to spend $ 15 million on the outpost . That would buy a lot more paint than the building seemed to need . So why did these two areas get so much money ? Locals and critics suspect politics might have played a role . Baucus is chairman of the Senate Finance Committee ; Tester is on the Senate 's Homeland Security Committee . Both took credit for convincing the DHS to give these towns millions for border crossings , bragging in a joint press release that they pressured the agency . "  This is good news for all of Montana and especially communities across the northern tier , " Baucus said in the statement . Tester said the spending would "  pay off for generations to come by creating new jobs and opportunity that will benefit all of Montana . " As late as Wednesday , his spokesman reiterated Tester 's support of the spending , saying that it would seal security gaps on the border . So , the nagging question : Did politics , rather than security , guide the DHS ? Especially when a border town like Laredo , Texas , which sees 66,000 crossings a day , was getting not one dime of the $ 400 million in DHS border stimulus funds . Montana , in total , was to receive $ 77 million . In an interview Wednesday with CNN , Trent Frazier , the director of port modernization for the Department of Homeland Security , denied that politics played any role . "  We feel that these ports , like all ports of entry , are a vital part of the network of security that we have established across the border apparatus that we employ across the borders , and the investments we are going to do along these borders are a critical step in ensuring we can perform our mission , " Frazier said . But if Frazier did not believe politics factored in the decisions , it appeared to play a big role by Wednesday afternoon . Fellow Democrat Sen. Byron Dorgan , from the neighboring state of North Dakota , sent out a news release urging DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano to suspend the stimulus program . He said that spending the money on such remote ports -- including the nine in his state -- was "  just nuts . " Dorgan said the plan "  just defied common sense . " Within hours , Napolitano announced she was ordering a 30-day review to see if the money was being spent appropriately . In her letter to Dorgan , Napolitano said 39 of the 43 Custom and Border Protection posts were located in the northern United States . She said most of the Southern ports were owned by the General Services Administration , and the money directed by Congress was earmarked for the Custom and Border Protection properties and required to be spent within 24 months . "  Nonetheless , " she wrote , "  in order to ensure even further transparency in this process , I am ordering a 30 day review " of all port construction decisions by officials who did not make the initial allocation decisions . So , for now , if you want to travel to Canada through Scobey or Whitetail , the agents who inspect your vehicles will be using the buildings now in place -- and according to the locals , you will be adequately served .	DHS planned to spend $ 31 million to upgrade remote border crossings The crossings are 12 miles apart and get little to no traffic Laredo , Texas , by comparison , gets 66,000 crossings a day Laredo will not receive any of the $ 400 million in DHS border stimulus funds
CNN  Four years . At least 220,000 people killed -- more than one every 10 minutes . Millions displaced . The Syrian civil war is a human calamity and it 's getting worse , according to a furious new report from more than 20 aid groups . U.N. Security Council resolutions aimed at protecting civilians caught up in the conflict have failed miserably , the humanitarian organizations say in the report released Thursday . "  This spiraling catastrophe is a stain on the conscience of the international community , " says the report , whose signatories include Oxfam and Save the Children . "  We 're worried that , as we approach the fourth anniversary , this could turn into a situation of acceptance -- ` Oh , that 's just the way it is over there ' -- and that must n't be , " Nigel Timmins , deputy director for Oxfam Great Britain , told CNN . It highlights the paltry results of a Security Council resolution passed in February 2014 that called for an increase in humanitarian aid , a halt to attacks on civilians , an end to kidnapping and torture and the lifting of sieges of populated areas . "  In the 12 months since Resolution 2139 was passed , civilians in Syria have witnessed ever-increasing destruction , suffering and death , " the report says . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group , has reported that 2014 was the deadliest year so far in the grinding conflict that began in March 2011 as an uprising against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and splintered into a chaotic civil war . More than 76,000 people were killed in the violence in Syria last year , nearly 18,000 of them civilians , according to the observatory . The conflict has brought allegations of atrocities carried out by al-Assad 's forces and enabled ISIS ' savage rule over parts of the country . Attempts at peace talks involving the government and opposition have so far gone nowhere . As the war threatens to sow further chaos in the region , the United States and its allies are bombing ISIS targets in Syria and working to arm and train rebel groups . The aid groups ' report , entitled "  Failing Syria , " reeled off a list of worsening problems reported by international agencies : The report called on Security Council members to "  use their influence with the warring parties and their financial resources to put an end to the suffering of Syrian civilians . " In Washington , a group of Syrian Americans and other supporters gathered near the White House on Wednesday to mark the four years of bloodshed and read the names of 100,000 people who were killed in the violence . A U.N. aid official told CNN of the crisis unfolding at one particular refugee camp in Syria that he had just visited . "  What I saw yesterday really shattered and devastated me , " said Pierre Krahenbuhl , the head of of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees who has been working in conflict zones for 20 years . Around 18,000 Palestinian refugees in the Yarmouk camp are in "  dire " need of food and health aid , he said Wednesday , describing seeing enfeebled men and a fainting pregnant woman waiting for assistance . The ongoing conflict is adding to the plight of the camp 's inhabitants . "  You have inside the camp a number of armed groups and of course you then have government armed forces around it , " Krahenbuhl said . "  There is this link between the presence of armed groups inside and the suffering taking place . "	Report : Syrian conflict is "  a stain on the conscience of the international community " U.N. resolutions aimed at helping civilians have failed to change the situation , it says At least 220,000 people are estimated to have been killed in four years of war
CNN  -- Andy Murray 's first match since undergoing back surgery in September ended in a straight sets defeat to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi Thursday . The reigning Wimbledon champion went down 7-5 6-3 to the Frenchman , who himself was plagued by injury at the back end of this year . Murray , who has dropped to No. 4 in the rankings , lacked sharpness after his layoff and was broken in the 12th game of the opening set to fall behind . The British star has been training at his base in Florida to prepare for the upcoming season and looked set to even the match up when he gained an early break of service in the second set . But Tsonga hit back with two breaks of his own to wrap up victory in 72 minutes at the Zayed Sports City complex . "  The courts here are very fast and you have to react quickly , " said 26-year-old Murray . "  Jo was sharper than me today , he served very well . "  It 's always good fun here . It 's great preparation for the season as you have to play against the best in the world . " The organizers of the Mubadala World Tennis Championship have indeed attracted a stellar field with the top two ranked players , Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic , in the line-up . David Ferrer of Spain won the opening match Thursday as he beat Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland 7-5 6-1 to set up a semifinal clash against compatriot Nadal . Tsonga 's win over Murray has earned him a match against Serbia 's Djokovic , while Murray will gain much-needed match practice against Wawrinka in the fifth place playoff . Murray , recently voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year back in the UK , became the first British man to win the Wimbledon title in 77 years when he triumphed at the All England Club back in July , but his season took a turn for the worse as he became troubled by a long-standing back problem .	Andy Murray falls to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi Wimbledon champion Murray loses 7-5 6-3 to the hard-hitting Frenchman It was Murray 's first match since undergoing back surgery in September David Ferrer defeats Stanislas Wawrinka in straight sets in the other match
CNN  -- Should Ulysses S. Grant , the legendary Union general and 18th president of the United States , be bumped from his 96-year stint on the $ 50 bill ? Yes , according to one North Carolina Republican . Rep. Patrick McHenry announced that he will introduce a measure that would replace Grant 's face with Ronald Reagan 's , just in time for the 40th president 's 100th birthday next February . "  President Reagan was a modern day statesman , whose presidency transformed our nation 's political and economic thinking , " McHenry said in a statement . "  Through both his domestic and international policies he renewed America 's self confidence , defeated the Soviets and taught us that each generation must provide opportunity for the next . " McHenry says it 's only logical for Reagan to replace Grant on the $ 50 bill because several historians have ranked Reagan as a much better president than Grant . McHenry specifically cites a 2005 Wall Street Journal survey of scholars who placed Reagan at No. 6 and Grant at No. 29 . "  Every generation needs its own heroes , " McHenry also said . "  One decade into the 21st century , it 's time to honor the last great president of the 20th and give President Reagan a place beside Presidents Roosevelt and Kennedy . " Franklin Roosevelt 's face currently appears on the dime while John F. Kennedy 's image is on the half-dollar . But not so fast , says Dr. John Marszalek , the executive director and managing editor of the Ulysses S. Grant Association . Calling him a "  beacon " of the 19th century , Marszalek said Grant deserves to keep his prominent spot on America 's currency . "  His work in battling against inflation and getting the currency on stable footing opened the way for the economy boom of the late 19th century , Marszalek told CNN . "  I do n't know why he would n't be included , except people forget . It 's been a long time . " Marszalek also named a host of other Grant accomplishments , including efforts to promote the rights of freed slaves and native Americans , as well as his post-presidency , two-year tour of the world during which he negotiated the settlement of a dispute between Japan and China . But the Grant administration was also beset by major scandals -- close to a dozen in all -- which is a primary reason that Grant had difficulty working with Congress and why many modern historians continue to rank the 18th president relatively low . Still , Marszalek says Grant 's death in 1885 was a "  national phenomenon " and is "  still the biggest funeral any American has had to this day . " Grant supporters can rest easy for now , though -- the future of the legislation is highly in doubt . It would first have to clear the House Financial Services Committee where at least one Democrat is already expressing his opposition to the move . "  History has made its verdict , " Rep. Brad Sherman of California told CNN . "  Reagan 's policies are controversial . Grant was in favor of winning the Civil War and keeping the Union together . The currency is not a place to score cheap political points . " It 's not the first time Republican lawmakers have sought to immortalize Reagan 's image on American currency . In 2004 , Rep. Mark Souder introduced legislation to put Reagan on the dime in place of Roosevelt . Souder dropped the move after Nancy Reagan publicly opposed the measure . In the years since Reagan 's death , GOP lawmakers have also considered , though abandoned , legislation placing Reagan on the $ 10 bill , in place of Alexander Hamilton , and on the $ 20 bill , in place of Andrew Jackson .	Congressman says he will introduce a measure to put Reagan 's face on the $ 50 bill Rep. Patrick McHenry : Reagan "  transformed our nation 's political and economic thinking " Grant scholar : 18th president deserves to keep his prominent spot on U.S. currency Idea already faces opposition from Financial Services Committee member
New York  CNN  -- Madison Square Garden , one of the world 's iconic sports and entertainment arenas , has been given a decade to relocate after a vote by the New York City Council on Wednesday amid efforts to renovate the equally well-known Penn Station that sits below it . The council voted to approve a "  special permit " that will allow the arena to operate for 10 years while its management seeks to relocate , according to a news release . The 47-1 vote comes after years of advocacy from city officials and independent groups who have sought to renovate and expand the bustling Pennsylvania Station . Madison Square Garden 's 50-year land-use permit expired in January . The original Penn Station , which featured Corinthian columns , vast hallways and glass ceilings , was demolished in 1963 to make way for the construction of the current Madison Square Garden , which opened in 1968 . "  The approval of this permit offers us a great opportunity to reimagine and redevelop Penn Station as a world-class transportation destination and allow time to relocate Madison Square Garden to a new and improved home , " Council Speaker and mayoral candidate Christine C. Quinn said in a statement . Watch : New York City like you 've never seen it In June , Quinn called for the creation of a "  Commission for a 21st Century Penn Station , " with the goal of helping to find a new Manhattan home for the arena and to renovate Penn Station . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg had hoped for a 15-year permit , according to Julie Wood , spokeswoman for the mayor . If Madison Square Garden does not find a new location , it will have to reapply for a permit once it expires . Penn Station accommodates hundreds of thousands travelers per day , and the City Council says the Garden 's placement above it is an "  intractable problem . " "  Imagine 220 mph bullet trains that sweep you to D.C. or Boston in 90 minutes or less . These plans are on the table , but they can only be realized with a modern , renovated Penn Station , " said Manhattan Borough President and city comptroller candidate Scott M. Stringer . "  That is not possible as long as the Garden sits squarely on top of the nation 's busiest rail transit hub . " The arena 's management did not go into the details of the vote , stating rather that it looks forward to its reopening this fall after a "  three year , nearly billion dollar " renovation , according to Kimberly Kerns , spokeswoman for Madison Square Garden . The Garden , home to the New York Knicks and Rangers , first opened its doors in 1879 but has since moved to several locations throughout the city , according to its website . It has stood at its current Midtown Manhattan location since 1968 and hosted the famous "  Fight of the Century " between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier in 1971 . See also : New York City 's largest hotel ending room service CNN 's Julia Talanova contributed to this report	New York City Council gives Madison Square Garden 10 years to find a new location Some officials , groups want to renovate transit hub Penn Station located below it MSG management just spent $ 1 billion to rehab the home of the Knicks , Rangers The original Penn Station was razed in 1963 , and the arena opened in 1968
CNN  -- In the Indonesian capital of Jakarta , not even the notorious traffic congestion can slow the voracious demand for property . Roughly 10 million people live within the urban core of this vast city while a further 28 million populate the suburbs . With affluent cash-buyers and local businesses driving the housing market at a rapid pace , anyone with a hope of climbing on the property ladder has to move fast to secure value . "  The prices go up really quickly , " said Afifa Loutfie Abdousaalaam , a local property investor . "  If you think ` oh you know I do n't have enough money now , ' you 're not going to then catch up with the race because property prices in Jakarta go up above 10 % a year , " Abdousaalaam added . This is the reality of apartment hunting in what has become one of the hottest property markets in the world . In the vast Metro Park residential building under construction downtown , for example , only a handful of the 1,200 units remain unsold -- a story that is repeated across the city . According to David Cheadle , managing director of real estate agents Cushman and Wakefield Indonesia , Jakartans are keen to snap up new builds like these as soon as they come online . "  More Indonesians are buying high-rise now , either for primary or secondary residence , and also for investment purposes ... given the growth in the economy and the buying power of the middle class , " Cheadle said . "  I think coupled with that , the increase in traffic issues and rise in fuel prices , that has also been another major driver for people really looking to try to be located closer to the areas of the workplace and within the more central Jakarta areas , " he added . But land is scarce in this sprawling metropolis , ensuring throwing up new buildings is no easy task . For each new multi-million dollar high rise or office tower threatening to change the skyline , kampungs  make shift dwellings found closer to earth  occupy the space in between . Yet despite the lack of room and high demand adding to the premium of new-builds , some developers say there is still far more value for money to be found in Jakarta than in other popular Asian cities . "  Nowadays our range price of apartments is about $ 2,500 or $ 3,000 per meter square , " said Agung Wirajaya , assistant VP for marketing development at property developer Agung Podomoro . "  If you compare to the other countries in Asia , in Hong Kong for instance , it could be per meter square it could be $ 15,000 or $ 20,000 , so that 's why compared the other city around the world , Jakarta it 's a very attractive , exotic property for investors . " And with that international optimism , local expectations are rising . The World Bank predicts solid future growth for Indonesia 's economy although there remains much work to be done in improving infrastructure within Jakarta to ensure further expansion in the property market . For now , however , local buyers like Abdousaalaam will have to remain sharp to secure that bargain . Interactive : Property moods around the globe	Property prices rising rapidly in Indonesian capital of Jakarta 38 million people live in city and surrounding area and space is scarce Developers say Jakarta is smart investment as it is cheaper than other major Asian cities
CNN  -- Burned rubble near a Bali travel guidebook . Twisted metal beside brightly-colored suitcases . Headphones and human remains . In the rural area of eastern Ukraine where a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 fell from the sky on Thursday , the ground was scarred with death and devastation left behind by a flight that never reached its destination . Video footage from the site , located about 30 miles from the Russian border , showed smoke billowing from the smoldering wreckage long after the crash . "  It 's a gruesome scene , " freelance journalist Noah Sneider said . "  There 's bodies splayed out through the fields . People said the plane kind of exploded in the air , and everything rained down in bits and pieces , the plane itself , the people inside . " Stunned rescue workers and rebel fighters combed the area , Sneider said , planting sticks with white cotton ribbons where they found bodies in the fields . There are so many dead that it 's unlikely the local morgue will be able to hold them all , Sneider said , even in a volatile region that 's seen waves of death recently amid clashes between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists . "  When there was the battle for the Donetsk airport , something like 50 people died and they did n't have the space , " Sneider told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . On this flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur , officials say there were 298 people aboard . In the wide fields of tall grasses , debris stretched so far , in so many small pieces , that it seemed unfathomable that anyone would ever know for certain what happened to Flight 17 , Sneider said . "  Finding things like passports , " he said , "  is a matter of chance . " Separatists clearly controlled the site , Sneider said . But even battle-hardened rebel fighters appeared shocked , he said . Fighting has torn apart the region . But this is something else . "  Nothing of this scale has happened , " said Sneider , who 's been covering the conflict for months . Locals in the rural area trying to help were overwhelmed , he said . Firemen who rushed to put out the flames found they had a hose with holes in it , spraying water everywhere , he said . As night fell , search crews seemed uncertain about what to do at first , he said . But eventually , teams put up tents and set up flood lights in the field . Ukrainian officials said rescue and investigation teams had been hampered by armed groups in the area . Pictures suggested the area was hardly a cordoned off crime scene , with people standing on top of parts of the wrecked aircraft . And there are some reports that pieces of the aircraft have been looted and put in people 's yards , CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Kiev . Sneider said he had n't seen any looting by people in the area . "  Most of them are so frightened that they 're not coming anywhere near here , " he said .	A journalist at the crash site says charred debris fills a wide field with tall grass "  It 's a gruesome scene , " journalist Noah Sneider says Even battle-hardened Ukrainian rebels seem shocked by the devastation , he says
CNN  -- Flash floods have inundated refugee camps in northern Sri Lanka , endangering more than 16,000 Tamil refugees who only months ago survived cross-fire in the country 's two-decade civil war , the United Nations says . In this file photo Tamil civilians are seen at Menik Farm refugee camp on the outskirts of Vavuniya , Sri Lanka . Three days of heavy rains have damaged or destroyed nearly 2,000 shelters housing the refugees in the Vavuniya District and in Menik Farm , according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . An internal U.N. memo obtained by CNN painted a dismal picture for the refugees , who have been caught in mud flows and the runoff from flooded latrines . "  Due to heavy showers on 14 August 09 ... many tents and toilets were submerged/badly damaged , " the memo said . "  Reportedly more than 300 families gathered together and marched towards the main access gate of the Zone to protest , " the memo continued . "  Though ... not violent , they seemed disgruntled and agitated due to the sufferings and expressed their resentment by hooting and making noises . " The camps spread across northern Sri Lanka are home to about 280,000 people , who were displaced in the final months of the nation 's civil war . The flooding came ahead of Sri Lanka 's monsoon season , which typically brings heavy rains to the country 's northeast from October till January . "  If the rain continues , which is very likely , then the overall situation may go out of control of the management and lead to serious security threat , " the memo warned , saying contingency plans are being "  discussed and worked out . " Human Rights Watch has called for the immediate release of Tamil civilians living in the camps , which are surrounded by barbed wire , saying they are being confined against their will , like criminals . "  Those are not detention camps , " Lakshman Hulugalle , a Defense Ministry spokesman , said in late July . "  They are relief villages . All the basic facilities are being given to the people . " Hulugalle said that barbed wire is commonly used to define barriers in Sri Lanka and that military guards were being used out of security concerns . The government fears that rebels are hiding in the camps and is screening people living in them . Sri Lanka declared victory in May in its 25-year battle with the Tamil Tiger rebels , but concerns remain about how the island nation can heal its deep war wounds . The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam -- had waged war for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since July 1983 . As many as 70,000 people were killed in the conflict . Last month the government said it had a 18-day plan to resettle most of the refugees , but added that a lot of work remains to be done to infrastructure and basic services destroyed in the fighting . Human rights activists say , however , that the government is not working fast enough . Human Rights Watch said Sri Lanka 's goal now was to resettle only 60 percent of the refugees by year 's end .	Refugees caught in mud flows , runoff from flooded latrines , internal U.N. memo says More than 300 families protest conditions , memo says Flooding comes ahead of Sri Lanka 's monsoon season Human Rights Watch has called for immediate release of Tamil civilians at camps
CNN  -- President Barack Obama urged the disputed leader of Ivory Coast to step down to prevent more violence as the nation grapples with postelection clashes that have left hundreds dead . "  Last year 's election was free and fair , and President Alassane Ouattara is the democratically elected leader of the nation , " Obama said in a video message late Friday . The west African nation has been embroiled in a political stalemate since incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo refused to step down after November elections . Election officials and the international community consider Ouattara the rightful winner of the poll . Obama warned that if Gbagbo does not step down , it will lead to "  more violence , more innocent civilians being wounded and killed , and more diplomatic and economic isolation . " Postelection clashes have left at least 462 dead since December , according to the United Nations . Escalated violence and fears of war have forced nearly 1 million residents to flee the commercial capital , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday , with scores more uprooted across the country . "  The massive displacement in Abidjan and elsewhere is being fueled by fears of all-out war , " said Melissa Fleming , a spokeswoman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Clashes have raged since late last year , and analysts fear the country is on the brink of a civil war . The nation was once one of Africa 's success stories , but a 2002 civil war plunged it into political instability . "  You have a proud past from gaining your independence to overcoming civil war , now you have the opportunity to realize your future , " Obama said . Ivorians deserve leaders who can restore their rightful place in the world , the president said . Obama 's message comes after the U.N. Security Council discussed a draft resolution introduced by France and Nigeria on a weapons ban in Abidjan . It also calls for sanctions against Gbagbo and his inner circle . Numerous attempts to resolve the political stalemate have failed because Gbagbo has refused to cede power , said Gerard Araud , the French ambassador to the United Nations . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	U.S. recognizes Alassane Ouattara as leader , Obama says The president urges incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo to cede power Gbagbo risks more isolation if he does not step down , Obama says
CNN  -- Oh , San Francisco . It 's almost not fair . It 's not enough that you have spectacular views , rich culture , delicious food , a legacy of great music , cable cars and one really cool bridge . Now your Giants are back in the World Series for the third time in the last five seasons . Really ? Come on . This embarrassment of riches is just one more reason for the rest of us to envy you . And maybe plan a visit . Because -- who are we kidding ? -- if we could afford it , many of us would love to live in San Francisco , or at least swing by more often . Some of us even left our hearts there . As the Giants prepare to face the upstart Kansas City Royals on baseball 's big stage next week , here are just a handful of reasons why San Francisco is already a winner . Giants in their field For all their recent success , it 's hard to dislike the Giants . They 've got Buster Posey , the aw-shucks MVP catcher who may be the West Coast 's answer to Derek Jeter . They 've got a chubby player whose nickname is Kung Fu Panda . They 've got another called The Freak . They also play in one of the most scenic ballparks in the majors , with its bay views and fleets of kayakers beyond right field , hoping for a waterlogged home run . The Giants won it all in 2010 , and again in 2012 . If this even-numbered pattern keeps up , the Royals are in trouble . City by the Bay Fisherman 's Wharf . Ghirardelli Square . Coit Tower . Golden Gate Park . The Haight . Nob Hill . San Francisco 's landmark attractions , and neighborhoods , are almost too numerous to name . But the jewel in the city 's glittering crown has got to be its singular location on a hilly peninsula surrounded by dramatic water views . Where else can you take a boat ride past arguably the nation 's most magnificent bridge  the Golden Gate  and most infamous prison  Alcatraz  , set against a glittering city skyline and a backdrop of mountains ? Another view : 7 reasons why Kansas City 's a winner Hollywood north Yes , the movie industry is headquartered eight hours ' south in Los Angeles , but a trip to San Francisco will satisfy even the most passionate film buff . Fans of Clint Eastwood 's "  Dirty Harry " can view the Dante Building at 1606 Stockton Street , where the rifle-toting "  Scorpio killer " staked out a rooftop . Visit Fort Point , in the shadow of the Golden Gate Bridge , to see where Kim Novak jumps into the bay in Hitchcock 's "  Vertigo , " or retrace Steve McQueen 's classic car chase down the city 's streets in "  Bullitt . " Younger moviegoers may want to follow in Robin Williams ' heeled footsteps by strolling past the ornate Victorian home , at 2640 Steiner Street in Pacific Heights , where parts of "  Mrs. Doubtfire " were shot . San Francisco treats Once you get past the Rice-A-Roni jokes , and the sourdough bread and the Ghirardelli chocolate  go ahead , we 'll wait  , you 'll find a vibrant food scene highlighted by fresh seafood , Pacific Rim accents and the still-pervasive influence of Bay Area farm-to-table pioneer Alice Waters . For a smorgasbord of fresh flavors visit the Ferry Building , where you 'll find purveyors of artisanal ice cream and olive oil and a bustling farmers market on weekends . Or splurge in one of the city 's finer restaurants , from State Bird Provisions  contemporary American  to Flour + Water  Italian  to Traci des Jardins ' new Commissary  Spanish-Californian  at the Presidio . Welcome , one and all From the Summer of Love to the gay-rights movement and beyond , San Francisco has long been a bastion of tolerance . The city encourages people to be themselves , and eccentricity is welcome . Look no further than the Bay to Breakers , an annual 7-mile footrace/carnival/street happening where runners cross the city wear wacky costumes or sometimes even nothing at all . One race-day tradition has runners tossing tortillas at each other while waiting to cross the starting line . Music The city 's hippie culture that flourished during the 1960s gave birth to some of the most recognizable music the world has ever known . From Jefferson Airplane to the Grateful Dead , the city nurtured many beloved folk , rock and psychedelic bands and supported other acts that passed through to play at the legendary Fillmore . Back in the day , that iconic concert hall , with promoter Bill Graham , hosted such world-class artists as Jimi Hendrix , The Doors and Creedence Clearwater Revival . And from "  I Left My Heart in San Francisco " by crooner Tony Bennett to Journey 's "  Lights  When the Lights Go Down in the City  , " San Francisco 's beauty has inspired many a love song . Lombard Street You 've probably seen it in pictures or movies : the serpentine block of Lombard Street between Hyde and Leavenworth that 's sometimes called the "  crookedest street in the world . " Hop in a car , pop some Dramamine and then zig-zag through eight sharp downhill turns for an iconic San Francisco experience . As long as you drive under 5 mph , you should n't be too concerned about the 27-degree slope . Those who would rather keep their brakes intact can walk down the street -- or up , if you 're feeling energetic -- on a railed staircase . Or for a lower-stress experience , just climb on the Powell-Hyde cable car line and enjoy the views with your hands free to take photos . Jordan Bissell and CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this story .	The Giants are just one of many cool things about San Francisco The city boasts numerous landmarks and dramatic bay views Film buffs can visit sites from "  Vertigo , " "  Dirty Harry " and "  Mrs. Doubtfire " Its food scene is much more than sourdough bread and Ghirardelli chocolate
A surgeon has been arrested on charges of negligence and attempted culpable homicide in the deaths of a dozen women who had undergone sterilization operations at a mobile clinic in one of India 's poorest states . Dr. R. K. Gupta , assisted by a team of fellow medical professionals , operated on 83 women in a span of six hours Saturday in Chhattisgarh state . His arrest is one of several measures authorities have taken in response to the deaths and the resulting public outcry . By Thursday , authorities had halted all sterilization procedures in the Bilaspur district of Chhattisgarh , according to Sonmoni Borha , the district 's commissioner . Six types of drugs -- including certain painkillers and antibiotics -- have been banned . Gupta claimed the women died due to those medications , distributed in a nearby village , rather than the operations themselves . While Gupta is the face of the latest outrage , the nationwide , government-run sterilization program has been going on for decades . It 's part of a campaign to curb population growth in India , a nation of 1.25 billion people , second only to China in population . Women get paid  the women in Chhattisgarh each got 1,400 rupees , or about $ 23  to have the operations . And doctors are given incentives to do them . Gupta told CNN prior to his arrest that local health officials awarded him for the large number of sterilizations he performed . But it 's also too often a deadly procedure . Advocates claim that conditions at such sterilization "  camps " are sometimes unsanitary and dangerous . Gupta is being charged for the operations he did Saturday . A day later , some of the women began vomiting and experiencing severe pain . Twelve of those died , while scores of others are hospitalized . Another woman who was operated on Monday in another district in Chhattisgarh also died . Autopsy results expected this week Clarity on whether the women died from the surgeries or the drugs they took afterward could come this week , when autopsy results come back , according to R.K. Vange , chief medical health officer for the area . Gupta has said his team followed all necessary safety procedures . Whether or not that is true , New Delhi-based Human Rights Law Network advocate Kerry McBroom said this is often not the case at mobile sterilization clinics around India . She told CNN that there 's often no electricity , no running water and too few medical staff . "  It was almost inevitable , " McBroom said of the recent deaths , "  given the unsafe , unethical and unhygienic conditions that persist throughout India in these camps . " Gupta said the government pressures doctors to perform more and more sterilization surgeries . Yet , with 83 in six hours , he might have gone too far . Government guidelines stipulate doctors should conduct no more than 30 sterilization surgeries a day .	Dr. R. K. Gupta is charged with negligence , attempted culpable homicide Official : Sterilization surgeries , use of some drugs halted in one district Dr. Gupta operated on 12 women at a mobile sterilization clinic who later died Gupta says drugs the women were given after the surgeries led to their deaths
Nearly nine out of 10 people "  stopped and frisked " under a controversial New York Police Department policy in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic . The data comes from a report released by the NYPD Monday , which showed that of the 685,724 stops made by police that year , 53 % of those questioned were black , 34 % were Latino , 9 % were white and 3 % were Asian . The citywide population in 2011 was 23.4 % black , 29.4 % Hispanic , 12.9 % Asian , and 34.3 % non-Hispanic white , according to the report . N.Y. judge halts ` stop-and-frisk ' tactic outside Bronx building Brooklyn 's 75th precinct , which includes East New York and Cypress Hills , had the most "  stop and frisk " incidents with 31,100 . Of those , 97 % of the people involved were either black or Hispanic . The population in that precinct in 2011 was 53.5 % black , 37.9 % Hispanic , 5.1 % Asian , and 3.5 % white . The top reason for stop-and-frisks in 2011 was for suspicion of weapons possession , accounting for more than 25 % of all stops . The much-criticized method , in which police stop , question and possibly search those they consider suspicious , is used to deter crime , the police department has said . But it has also brought on a slew of lawsuits by residents complaining of unlawful stops . Last year , amid mounting public pressure from advocacy groups , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly outlined new police policies in an effort to "  increase public confidence . " New York police tout improving crime numbers to defend frisking policy Under the policies , officers report all "  stop and frisk " encounters at a local level , and are provided training curriculum and videos , Kelly said . There are also programs reaching out to the community , he said . Kelly said at the time that the department prohibits racial profiling and aims to ensure a "  greater level of scrutiny " by having captains of precincts "  personally conducting an audit of the Stop , Question and Frisk report worksheets that have been prepared within his or her command . " The NYPD report did not list how many of the stop-and-frisks resulted in arrests .	The New York Police Department releases figures on its "  stop and frisk " policy The controversial program has sparked lawsuits for unlawful stops Police say it 's not a matter of racial profiling , but of deterring crime One-quarter of the stops were for suspicion of weapons possession
CNN  -- Police on Saturday arrested a registered sex offender suspected of luring a 15-year-old girl on Myspace.com , authorities said . William Joe Mitchell , a registered sex offender , is suspected of luring a 15-year-old girl online . William Joe Mitchell was apprehended at a "  The Flying J Truck Stop " just outside of Winchester , Virginia , authorities said . Virginia State Police arrested him without incident . Detectives received a tip Saturday that he was at the truck stop , located off Interstate 81 , according to the Polk County sheriff 's department . Personal items belonging to the teenager were found in his car , according to the sheriff 's statement . Mitchell had allegedly been communicating with Alyssa Frank on the popular Web site Myspace.com , officials said . Mitchell , 46 , told Frank he was 24 years old , Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd told CNN . Virginia and Polk County , Florida , authorities and the U.S. Marshals Service in Tampa , Florida , were working together on the case . Polk County Sheriff 's detectives found Frank earlier this week , one day after she disappeared . She was found wandering around a Wal-Mart store in DeFuniak Springs , Florida , and had apparently been abandoned by her alleged abductor . A store employee called police after noticing the girl . Mitchell took Frank to the store in an apparent attempt to "  dump her , " Judd said . Mitchell , in leaving the girl , told her not to draw attention to herself or he would kill her , Judd said in a statement . Frank is believed to have left her house in Bartow , Florida , before dawn Monday to rendezvous with Mitchell , Judd said . He then apparently took her to Alabama . Mitchell brought her back to DeFuniak Springs , which is between Pensacola and Tallahassee on the Florida Panhandle . Polk County authorities said Mitchell faces charges including solicitation to commit a lewd act ; enticing a child via the Internet ; interference with custody ; and traveling to meet a minor . He also is sought on warrants from Jacksonville , Florida , and Alabama , said Polk County sheriff 's spokeswoman Donna Wood . The teen 's father , Rodger Frank , told CNN Saturday he had no idea his daughter had been communicating with Mitchell . He urged parents to talk to their kids about what they are doing online . "  We 've had serious talks about -LSB- not putting -RSB- information of your own out there to the people , " he said . "  The Internet is for information . It 's not a playground . " Frank said he is installing spy software on his computer to help him monitor what his daughter is doing . "  We think our children are well-behaved , " he said . "  We have to watch them harder . We do n't know everything . " Speaking with Rodger Frank , Judd warned others who are trying to take advantage of young people . "  We 'll hunt you down like the felon and criminal you are , " he said . "  You keep your hands off our children . " E-mail to a friend	Police arrest registered sex offender William Joe Mitchell at Virginia truck stop Mitchell suspected of luring teen girl on Myspace.com Girl found in Wal-Mart parking lot earlier this week , after alleged abduction Girl left house in middle of night to meet up with Mitchell , sheriff said
Hobbits might not need the extra legroom , but they know a good airline when they see one . Air New Zealand , the carrier that has regularly pressed the diminutive denizens of Middle Earth into service in its advertising campaigns , has been named the world 's best airline . Australia-based safety assessment website AirlineRatings.com says the airline came top of its 2015 "  airline excellence " chart because of its reputation as a "  trendsetter . " It also led the website 's top 10 airlines for 2015 . This is the second year in a row the airline has scooped the Airline of the Year prize . AirlineRatings said Air New Zealand had been honored for "  its award winning in-flight innovations , record financial performance , operational safety and motivation of its staff . " The 75-year-old airline was also praised for its "  commitment to a young , technologically-advanced fleet and its continual focus on the environment . " It was also presented with AirlineRatings ' Best Premium Economy Class award . "  Quite simply Air New Zealand is an airline of first choice . And given the airline 's location and the country 's size its performance is even more remarkable , " Geoffrey Thomas , the agency 's chief editor , said . Outstanding efforts Air New Zealand 's chief executive officer , Christopher Luxon , said the award recognized the "  outstanding efforts " of his airline 's 11,000 staff . Multiple prizes were also doled out for down-under flyer Qantas -- honored for Best Domestic Service , Best Catering and Best Lounges , with a special commendation for its safety record . Etihad Airways scooped Best First Class , Cathay Pacific took the Best Business Class prize , Thai Airways got Best Economy Class , while Best In-Flight Entertainment went to Emirates . Virgin Australia won the Best Cabin Crew prize for its outstanding staff . Prizes in the "  low cost airline sector " were given to U.S. carrier JetBlue , Norwegian in Europe and Kulula.com and Scoot in Asia . Lan Chile , Etihad and EVA Air were named for excellence in long haul travel . As yet , there are no awards for airlines flying to Middle Earth . AirlineRatings.com 's top 10 airlines for 2015 1 . Air New Zealand ; 2 . Etihad 3 . Cathay Pacific 4 . Qantas 5 . Emirates 6 . Singapore Airlines 7 . EVA Air 8 . Lufthansa 9 . All Nippon Airways 10 . British Airways	AirlineRating.com named Air New Zealand the world 's best airline for its in-flight innovations Best First Class award goes to Etihad , which has a luxury changing room Qantas was honored for Best Domestic Service , Best Catering and Best Lounge
CNN  -- Sometimes I think the media live in a time warp . There 's so much talk about Hillary Clinton and the expanding/shrinking/expanding field of possible Republican candidates , you 'd think we 're in the middle of an Olympics ratings battle . The media focus on 2016 is like a "  Rocky Horror Picture Show , " without Rocky . It 's really an obsession that is not only misguided but also does a disservice both to voters and candidates . The two-year out speculation track record is pretty bad . Yes , Clinton is dynamic . Even her most rabid detractors must admit that . But her dynamism is not a guarantee victory . Her nomination is not inevitable . She knows upfront the toll campaigning demands and what being president exacts . As George Harrison said about being a Beatle , you have to give your nervous system . If Clinton decides to run , she has to do so knowing it is a commitment that may last 11 years . She 's 66 .  Joe Biden , 71 , and Mike Huckabee , 58 , also have to consider their age . It 's not just how old a person might be at the end of her , or his , term . The question is , will one have the energy and will power to finish the job ? We age better and healthier , but being president is aging like nothing else . Clinton 's understudy waits in the wings Does Clinton want to make a time commitment that could amount to the rest of her life ? Another factor surely affecting Clinton 's decision is her legacy . Despite repeated attempts by Republicans , she remains very popular . In a 2013 Gallup Poll she was named the woman people most admired . A presidential run would risk that popularity -- and the legacy she 's built as a senator and secretary of state  not to mention former first lady  . Of course , she could also leverage that popularity to lead our nation in a great new direction . Potential candidates may also weigh on her mind . Who else might run if she does n't ? If the rest of the field looks weak , she might feel a sense of duty to her party and her country . If there are strong "  next generation " candidates , she may be content , perhaps glad , to work for their success . The point is that there are factors that may induce Hillary Clinton not to run , and nobody will know what will influence her decision -- until she decides . Speculation about Republican candidates is even sketchier . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who only a few weeks ago seemed the prime-time contender , now appears on the ropes . Other prominent Republicans have also taken their hits recently -- understandable , given the current fighting among the factions . So , who knows ? I can make one prediction safely : Going through the list of who 's up and who 's down until the nomination  s  is  are  secured will make any roller coaster ride seem like a walk in the park . I 've got a name for the media 's obsession with potential 2016 nominees , or really any idle speculation without substance -- talking-head-vacuum syndrome . Instead of acting like junior high gossips though , the media might try focusing on real issues that are current and important . There are lots of them out there . I 'll focus on one example . Two years ago saw a breakthrough for women officeholders . I 've written about this before : There are now 20 women senators . One of the big questions in 2014 is : Can Democrats retain control of the Senate ? "  Conventional wisdom " held that it would be tough . But the game is changing , thanks to a couple of dynamic women candidates . In Georgia , which has been a Deep South Republican stronghold -- since 2010 , they 've held every statewide office -- Michelle Nunn , daughter of former Sen. Sam Nunn , stands a good chance of becoming another woman senator -- and a Democratic one . Parsing Biden 's words : If Hillary runs , he wo n't She is leading or tied with all her opponents in the polls . She has the advantages of a famous name in Georgia , a middle-of-the road message and lots of campaign discipline . Her father was known for his bipartisanship and reaching across the aisle -- and she 's already following in his footsteps . And although Georgia is staunchly conservative , the state 's demographics are shifting , with more African-Americans returning and the immigrant population growing . Then there 's the race in Kentucky , where Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes holds a lead of 4 percentage points over Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . McConnell is arguably the most powerful Republican in the Senate , and if his seat -- if a seat in Kentucky is up for grabs -- the dynamics of the Senate need to be re-examined . Trust me , if those two women win their seats , the ripple effect will become a tidal wave . And there are other races where women have raised the stakes . Wendy Davis ' bid to be governor of Texas has drawn national attention and already reframed several of the issues in that state . My point is that we 're more than 1,000 days away from the inauguration of the next president , and there 's a lot going on now that needs more attention from the media . This year could become a breakthrough for women in American politics . Let 's give that the coverage it deserves . The 2016 election can wait . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile says the media is spending way too much time focusing on Hillary Clinton Brazile : Clinton 's possible presidential run in 2016 is not guaranteed There are other races in 2014 that deserve media attention right now , she says
CNN  -- Portuguese football legend Eusebio is in a stable condition after being admitted to hospital with bronchial pneumonia on Wednesday , his former club Benfica reported . The 69-year-old , known affectionately as the "  Black Panther " and one of the most talented players of his generation , is being kept at the Hospital da Luz in Lisbon as the illness has affected both lungs . "  He spent the night as well , and he is stable . From the clinical point of view  his condition  is stationary , " the hospital 's medical director Jose Roquette told reporters in quotes carried by Benfica 's website . "  There was no significant improvement in inflammatory parameters , analytical or radiological findings . So we continue with appropriate therapy and we hope this is resolved quickly . " Roquette said Eusebio , who was the top scorer at the 1966 World Cup when Portugal finished third , would likely remain in hospital over the festive period after coming out of intensive care . "  This is not a situation that one can guarantee how long will it take to evolution , but admit it will take some time . We will give more information in due course . Most likely it will extend beyond Christmas , "  he said . Roquette said Eusebio 's wife and daughters had come to the hospital , but other visitors had been restricted . In 2007 , he had surgery to unblock arteries which carry blood to the brain . Eusebio played for three North American Soccer League teams in the twilight of his career , but is best known for his exploits in 15 years at Benfica where he scored 638 goals in 614 appearances up until 1975 . "  We wish a speedy recovery to Eusebio and also to express that the whole Portuguese football family is behind him , " the Portuguese Football Federation said in a statement . "  Eusebio is a symbol of Portuguese football . It will take a lot of strength to overcome this difficulty , but he has honored Portugal for many years with his distinguished presence , including as ambassador of the national team . " Born in Mozambique , which was then a Portuguese territory , he scored 41 goals in 64 appearances for his adopted country . At the 1966 World Cup he scored two goals as Portugal eliminated defending champions Brazil at the group stage , then netted four times in an incredible quarterfinal comeback against North Korea as his side rallied from 3-0 down to win 5-3 in one of the tournament 's most famous matches . Eusebio scored again in the semifinal against England , but the hosts won 2-1 before beating Germany in the final .	Eusebio in intensive care after being admitted to Lisbon hospital with pneumonia Hospital 's medical director says football legend will remain there over festive period The 69-year-old former Benfica star was one of the most talented players of his generation His adopted nation 's soccer federation hails him as a symbol of Portuguese football
New York  CNN  A man who started a biotech hedge fund was found shot to death in his upscale Manhattan apartment . His son , Thomas Gilbert Jr. , was arrested on suspicion of homicide and criminal possession of a weapon . His father , Thomas Gilbert Sr. , 70 , founded the biotech and health care-focused hedge fund , Wainscott Capital Partners Fund , in 2011 . His wife found his body in their eighth-floor apartment about 3:30 p.m Sunday . He had been shot in the head . At the scene , officers found a gun resting on Gilbert Sr. 's chest , with his left hand covering it , NYPD Chief of Detectives Bob Boyce told reporters . They saw what they perceived to be a staged crime scene , Boyce said , and set up surveillance at the son 's apartment . Officers executed a search warrant at the son 's apartment and found several pieces of potential evidence : magazine clips , loose rounds , a manufacturer 's box of a Glock .40 caliber and a shell casing envelope with the serial number of the gun recovered at the crime scene , according to Boyce . Gilbert Sr. 's Beeckman Place apartment sits on a quiet street that houses several diplomats . "  Something just kaboom , just hit the floor loudly , " said Christopher Kelly , who lives below Gilbert Sr. 's apartment , describing what he heard to CNN affiliate WABC . "  That 's all I heard -- like something dropped somewhere . "	Thomas Gilbert Jr. was arrested on suspicion of homicide His father , Thomas Gilbert Sr. , started the Wainscott Capital Partners Fund He was found shot in the head
CNN  -- A month after a fire crippled a Carnival ship in the Gulf of Mexico , another one of the cruise line 's vessels may be experiencing its own problems . Multiple passengers aboard the Carnival Dream have contacted CNN , telling stories of power outages and overflowing toilets , all while docked in port at Philipsburg , St. Maarten , in the eastern Caribbean . "  We are not allowed off of the boat despite the fact that we have no way to use the restrooms on board , " Jonathan Evans of Reidsville , North Carolina , said in an e-mail early Thursday . "  The cruise director is giving passengers very limited information and tons of empty promises . What was supposed to take a hour has turned into 7 + hours . " The Dream was scheduled to leave port around 5 p.m. ET on Wednesday . Gregg Stark , who is traveling with his wife and two young children , told a similar story . "  There 's human waste all over the floor in some of the bathrooms and they 're overflowing -- and in the state rooms , " he said . "  The elevators have not been working . They 've been turning them on and off , on and off . " An announcement over the ship 's public address system said they were trying to fix the problem and were working on the generators , according to Stark . A few hours later , another announcement was made , saying the problem was worse than expected . When told of the complaints , Carnival representative Vance Gulliksen said late Wednesday night he was n't aware of a problem . Several subsequent calls to the cruise line went unanswered . The U.S. Coast Guard said there were no reports of an incident , adding cruise lines typically give a courtesy call even when they 're experiencing minor problems . The Dream , which can carry more than 5,000 passengers and crew , sailed from Port Canaveral in Florida on Saturday . The reports are similar to those that came from the Carnival Triumph last month . An engine room fire left the cruise ship crippled and adrift in the Gulf of Mexico with more than 4,200 people aboard . The schedule four-day cruise stretched into eight days as tugs pulled the vessel into port . Food was scarce and passengers sweltered in the heat with no air conditioning . A class action lawsuit has been filed against Carnival Corporation in the aftermath .	The Carnival Dream is experiencing problems , passengers say There 's human waste all over the floor , " passenger Gregg Stark says An engine room fire crippled the Carnival Triumph last month Class-action lawsuit alleges Carnival should have known "  mechanical and/or engine issues "
Bur Gabo , Somalia  CNN  -- We had tried for weeks to get access to Kenya 's incursion into lawless Somalia . The go finally came from the Kenyan military in a text message late one Saturday night . We 're told to be at the Nairobi 's military airbase before dawn . "  Bring our own flak jackets , " we were told . In October , the Kenya defense forces surprised many by sweeping into Somalia to take on Al Shabaab , an Islamic militant group bent on overthrowing the weak transitional government . At first , the "  spin " by generals and politicians was that it was a swift reaction to punish Al Shabaab for its suspected involvement in a series of kidnappings . But peering through the window of a rattling Mi-8 transport chopper , it is clear that what soldiers and security analysts have been telling us is true . The combat base on the Kenyan side of the border is well established -- an area of cleared ground dotted with orderly rows of tents and military hardware -- including artillery pieces . It 's obvious the soldiers here have have been preparing for some time . This is no rescue posse thrown together . Kenya aims to obliterate Al Shabaab . "  The reason for this campaign is to liberate the locals here from the rule of the Al Shabaab , " Major Seif Said Rashid tells me , several magazines of ammo in his front pockets . "  My troops are committed and they are out ready to sacrifice so that they are able to achieve the objective that has brought us here . " The major says his biggest military challenge is that Al Shabaab 's weakness is its strength . Militarily they could n't match Kenya 's firepower . But their small and mobile forces know the territory and terror . "  The war here is a blend of both conventional and asymmetrical , " he says , "  and that poses some peculiar challenges . " Not that the thrust of this front is being spearheaded by truly conventional forces . We are traveling with the 20th Parachute battalion -- an elite and sometimes-controversial group -- within the Kenyan army . With them are Somali militia and forces of the transitional government . Their uniforms are a bit more tatty -- but their firepower no less impressive . We drive into Somalia in Hummers and Armored Personnel Carriers-no passport control necessary . A maxim in Somalia , though , is that armies come and go . Skill and training often has little to do with it . The American military came and went in the 1990s  remember the film "  Black Hawk Down "  , U.N. peacekeeping forces made a hasty exit , Ethiopian ground forces took the capital and then left it , and Ugandan and Burundian soldiers have been fighting tooth and nail for Mogadishu for years . The Kenyan and Somali commanders on the front are very aware of their predicament . Winning the hearts and minds of the population will be a crucial step . But at the southern front line near Bur Gabo , a village perched right on the Indian Ocean , the elders say that it 's gotten worse since the war came to their village . The charcoal trade has been suspended and fishing is discouraged by the military . There is little to put food on the table , they say . It would seem that speed is important , and Somali commanders say they hope to strike across the line "  within a week . " At the very front of the front line , a Kenyan paratrooper sits atop a Somali Technical  an SUV with a anti-aircraft gun bolted to the back  . He peers across the river that marks the border between their territory and Al-Shabaab 's . The soldiers say they are ready to go .	Kenyan forces have entered Somalia with the aim of taking on Al Shabaab The aim is to liberate locals from the rule of Al Shabaab , an Islamic militant group While Kenyan forces have the firepower , Al Shabaab know the terrain Commanders say they hope to strike across the line "  within a week "
CNN  -- Hundreds of thousands of people were evacuated Saturday along China 's southeastern coast as Typhoon Soulik struck , where the storm was expected to bring strong winds and heavy rain . Upwards of 305,000 people left their homes in eastern China 's Fujian province , according to state-run China Daily , citing the provincial flood control headquarters . Soulik made landfall Saturday afternoon , bringing it with winds that reached a top speed of 118 kilometers per hour  73 mph  , according to forecasters . More than 140 flights have been canceled since Friday at Changel International Airport in the provincial capital of Fuzhou , and high-speed train services have also been suspended , authorities said . Soulik also lashed Taiwan on Saturday , where it dumped up to 8 inches of rain on the capital city of Taipei and up to 14 inches in the island 's mountain region in a single day , CNN meteorologist Samantha Mohr said . This week in south-central China , downpours triggered flooding and landslides that killed dozens and wiped out thousands of homes . More than 100 are still missing , according to Sichuan province officials . The typhoon 's path should spare the region , according to the China Meteorological Administration . But it will drop rain on areas in the east and north already soaked . More than 5,000 Chinese soldiers have been deployed in the province in advance of the storm to help with possible rescues , China Daily reported .	NEW : Upwards of 305,000 people have been evacuated along China 's southeast coast NEW : Typhoon Soulik made landfall in China on Saturday NEW : More than 140 flights have been canceled at Changel International Airport
CNN  -- Going into Election Day 2013 , there was little doubt that Chris Christie was going to win his run for re-election . The only unknown was what he would say in his victory speech . The tough-talking Republican headliner has the most buzz of any potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate and he created more by delivering a speech that was aimed at both New Jersey and a national audience . "  And you do n't just show up six months before an election . You show up four years before one . And you do n't just take no for an answer the first time no has happened . You keep going back and trying more , " Christie told the audience in Asbury Park . Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos called Christie 's address "  an announcement speech . " And it will only serve to stir up more speculation that despite his saying that he 's seriously considering a run in 2016 , his mind is already made up . CNN exit polls show Christie performed well with groups that normally cast ballots for Democrats . Exit polls indicate the GOP governor grabbing 57 % of the female vote and winning all age groups other than those 18-29 . Christie also took a fifth of the African-American vote and half - 51 % - of Latinos , a much better performance than most Republicans in recent elections . Overall , Christie bested his little-known Democratic challenger , Barbara Buono , by a 60 % -38 % margin with about 99 % of the vote counted . Virginia and New Jersey are the only two states that hold elections for governor in the year after a presidential contest . And Virginia 's race provided the only real drama as votes were counted . Democrat Terry McAuliffe , a long-time Clinton confidant , trailed Republican state Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli through the evening until votes from Democratic strongholds started rolling in and propelled him to victory . A complete list of election results The race was nasty from the get-go and devolved into incessant mudslinging and personal attacks . Voters throughout the commonwealth of Virginia were bombarded by negative ads and polling showed that neither candidate was particularly well-liked by the people who would be voting for them . With nearly all of the vote counted , McAuliffe held a 48 % -45 % margin over Cuccinelli . Libertarian Robert Sarvis pulled in about 7 % of the vote , which could have made the difference . In New York City , the race for mayor was never in question , either , as Democrat Bill de Blasio defeated Republican Joe Lhota , by a 73 % -24 % margin with 91 % of the vote in , making the city 's public advocate the first Democrat to lead the nation 's largest city in a generation . In Alabama , an establishment candidate defeated a tea party-backed candidate in a Republican primary runoff for the congressional seat from Alabama 's 1st district , which had been seen as precursor of intra-Republican party contests in next year 's midterm elections . Bradley Byrne , a former state senator , defeated businessman Dean Young in the race by a 52 % -48 % margin with all of the vote in . The contest was the first time Republican voters could weigh in on which direction they want to take their party after the partial federal government shutdown in October was laid largely at the feet of tea party instigators in Congress . Exit polls : Christie and McAuliffe took different paths to victory Here 's a closer look at some of the night 's most interesting races and ballot measures : A nasty race in purple Virginia The McAuliffe and Cuccinelli campaigns engaged in nasty political warfare with McAuliffe making sure that women were aware of Cuccinelli 's support of "  personhood " legislation that critics say restricts abortion and some forms of birth control , while Cuccinelli frequently highlighted federal investigations of an electric car company that McAuliffe co-founded . McAuliffe and Democrats pinned Cuccinelli as a tea party activist , linking him to conservative lawmakers in Washington who initiated a strategy that eventually led to the government shutdown . Take a closer look at the Virginia race What does Christie 's win say about 2016 ? While much of his address was directed at his New Jersey audience , Christie also had a message for the nation . "  I know tonight , a dispirited America , angry with their dysfunctional government in Washington , looks to New Jersey to say , ` Is what I think happening really happening ? Are people really coming together . Are we really working , African-Americans and Hispanics , suburbanites and city dwellers , farmers and teachers . Are we really all working together . ' "  Let me give the answer to everyone who is watching tonight : Under this government our first job is to get the job done and as long as I 'm governor that job will always , always be finished , " More on Christie 's big win NYC picks first Democratic mayor in a generation At the center of the New York mayor 's race were disagreements over taxes and the city 's controversial "  stop-and-frisk " program backed by incumbent Mayor Michael Bloomberg . De Blasio campaigned on a promise to raise taxes on those earning more than $ 500,000 a year to pay for universal prekindergarten , an idea Lhota vehemently opposed . Go deeper on the NYC race Deep-pocketed Republicans pick winner in Alabama Byrne , the establishment candidate , far outraised Young , the tea party candidate , thanks to major help from the business wing of the party , including the Chamber of Commerce . He also garnered endorsements from establishment figures , including several Republican House leaders . However , despite support for smaller tea party personalities , Young was largely ignored by the national tea party groups . Tea Party Express , Club For Growth and FreedomWorks -- three of the largest national tea party groups -- sat on the sidelines of the intra-party fight . Establishment beats tea party in Alabama runoff Also on the ballot New York is not the only major city that held a mayoral contest on Tuesday . Voters in Boston , Seattle , Detroit and Cleveland also elected mayors . And voters in six states weighed in on 31 ballot measures . Colorado voters overwhelmingly approved the marijuana tax 65 % to 35 % . Washington voters rejected genetically modified food labeling with 55 % of voters opposing it . And New Jersey voters agreed to increase the minimum wage . Voters in 11 Colorado counties also voted on a Colorado succession measure . Pot tax , secession top state 's ballot measures CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Leigh Ann Caldwell and John Helton contributed to this report .	The establishment candidate beats the tea party candidate in Alabama primary runoff Democrat Terry McAuliffe defeats Ken Cuccinelli in race for Virginia governor Bill de Blasio heads toward becoming first Democrat to lead NYC in over 20 years Chris Christie easily takes another term as New Jersey governor
CNN  -- Floodwaters covering the Chicago area were receding Sunday , as damages surfaced and communities began the clean-up process . Ten towns in Cook County have declared their communities as disaster areas , said Dave Ramos , executive director for Cook County Emergency Management . Friday night 's heavy rains hit Westchester and Melrose Park the hardest , filling some Cook County basements with up to four feet of water , Ramos said . He said he will recommend to the county 's president that all of Cook be declared a disaster area Monday . Of the 50,000 ComEd customers who were without electricity Saturday morning , 3,000 remained without power Sunday , said Laura Micheli , a spokeswoman for the utility . "  There is still a lot of flooding obviously , " Micheli said . "  In some areas they need to wait for water to recede before they 're able to restore power . " The outages started at about 6 p.m.  7 p.m. ET  Friday night . There are no reports of missing people , fatalities or injuries to the Cook County 911 center , Ramos said . The National Weather Service predicted pleasant weather Sunday , but flood warnings remained for areas on the nearby Fox and Des Plaines rivers . The area has n't had any storms since late Saturday morning , Micheli said .	10 towns in Cook County have declared their communities disaster areas 3,000 ComEd customers remain without power The National Weather Service predicted pleasant weather , but flood warnings remain
British authorities dropped charges against high-profile former Guantanamo Bay detainee Moazzam Begg on Wednesday , days before he was due to go on trial on charges of attending a terrorist training camp in Syria . Begg , from Birmingham in the English Midlands , will now be freed from prison , where he has been held since March , a West Midlands Police statement said . The case was discontinued after police and lawyers for the Crown Prosecution Service reviewed new material and concluded there was no longer a realistic prospect of gaining a conviction , the statement said . Begg 's trial had been due to start on October 6 . Assistant Chief Constable Marcus Beale said : "  New material has recently been disclosed to police and CPS , which has a significant impact on key pieces of evidence that underpinned the prosecution 's case . Our criminal justice system -- quite rightly -- demands a very high standard of proof . "  I understand this is going to raise many questions . However , explaining what this newly revealed information is would mean discussing other aspects of the case which would be unfair and inappropriate as they are no longer going to be tested in court . " ` Testing time ' Begg was charged with attending a terrorist training camp , facilitating terrorism and possession of a document likely to be of use to a terrorist . The London-based organization Cage , which campaigns for the rights of those affected by the "  war on terror " and for which Begg worked as an outreach director , welcomed the decision to drop the charges . "  This has been a testing time for Moazzam , his family and the Muslim community , " Asim Qureshi , research director of Cage , said in a statement . Qureshi accused UK authorities of criminalizing "  virtually any Muslim that has been to Syria " and said Cage had also come under pressure to shut down . "  We hope that Moazzam 's release is a sign that the government are now willing to adopt a more measured strategy in relation to anti-terrorism policy and avoid the attempt to criminalize all dissent and crush any organization like Cage that stands up for the rule of law and justice , " he added . Author , speaker Begg was arrested as a suspected al Qaeda member in Pakistan in February 2002 and was held at the U.S. airbase at Bagram , Afghanistan , before being sent to the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Begg spent nearly three years in custody . He was sent back to Britain by the Bush administration in early 2005 and was never prosecuted . He co-authored a book about his experiences at Guantanamo Bay in 2006 and has appeared as a public speaker and commentator in Britain and overseas since his release .	Group calls for the UK to pursue a "  more measured strategy " on counterterrorism UK prosecutors drop case against former Guantanamo Bay detainee Moazzam Begg He was charged with attending a terrorist training camp in Syria and aiding terrorism Authorities say newly disclosed material undermined key evidence in prosecution 's case
CNN  -- You can draw your own conclusions about why Jill Abramson was fired , but as we look at the history of her tenure as executive editor of The New York Times , the world 's most prestigious and influential newspaper , and learn details about how it came to an end , women everywhere are shaking their heads . Any woman who has spent time in the work force is familiar with the challenges of being judged and treated fairly by her peers and bosses , of obtaining the recognition she deserves , and of being an effective advocate for one 's own career . Women battle to break through the glass ceiling . After that , what comes is walking on broken glass . It 's popular now to talk about the need for women to lean in . But , that 's not even half the battle . Turns out , as many women have discovered , that leaning in can actually get you sacked . Just hours after NYTimes.com unceremoniously removed Abramson 's name from the masthead and Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. told employees she had been replaced , without offering much of an explanation , we learned that Abramson , who had held the job for less than three years , had confronted her bosses about her compensation , telling them she had discovered her total compensation -- salary and benefits -- was substantially lower than that of her predecessor , former editor Bill Keller . The Times quickly shot back , rejecting the pay disparity argument , saying Abramson 's total compensation was comparable to Keller 's , and that her "  pension benefit , like all Times employees , is based on her years of service and compensation . The pension benefit was frozen in 2009 . " Sulzberger issued a statement later saying it was n't about money and it 's not true that Abramson was paid less than her predecessor . He said that in her last year , her total compensation package was more than 10 % higher than Keller 's in his last year as executive editor . Now it 's become she said / he said . But compensation aside , in his announcement on Wednesday , Sulzberger did say his decision had to do with "  an issue with management in the newsroom . " So it 's about management . OK . That seems to match a remarkably similar chain of events in Paris , where Natalie Nougayr  de , the editor-in-chief of the prestigious newspaper , Le Monde , was forced out of her job after other journalists accused her of being too authoritarian , or "  Putin-like . " What a curious coincidence . Before Abramson 's departure , the personality-driven criticism had wafted out of the Times newsroom , with accusations that reeked of sexism . A few months ago , an article discussed whether she is "  bitchy , " and the word "  pushy " keeps coming up . I have spent many years in the news business and I can think of countless successful high-level managers who were pushy , bossy , at times downright cruel with staff . Those men were often viewed as strong , driven , effective , determined , good leaders . The Washington Post 's legendary Ben Bradlee was affectionately described as having a "  pugnacious personality . " And Abramson 's predecessor , Bill Keller , said his wife describes him as "  socially autistic . " These traits would likely doom a woman 's career . In men , they are viewed as quirks , curiosities , even assets in the single-minded pursuit of journalistic success . Men 's personalities are fodder for office gossip , but more generally viewed as a secondary matter , perhaps a topic for conversation at the bar after a long day . With women , it infuses their professional persona . People expect women to be nice , likeable or feminine . And it turns out being strong and demanding , and not always warm and friendly , can destroy your career , or at least make for a much less successful one . You can not win without losing . In order to do a good job , women may find they have to take actions that turn people against them . The problem with the stereotyping that demands women be liked and likeable is that it is much hazier , more difficult to counteract . It often lies hidden below the surface , alongside conscious efforts at equality . The New York Times and Le Monde and other major organizations have made strides to promote women . Abramson was the paper 's first female executive editor . Her superior made a landmark decision in promoting her , just as they did with her replacement Dean Baquet , the Times ' first African-American executive editor . But the tide of antagonism , the no-win rules that say you fail if you succeed can be found at all levels of the organization , including among rank-and-file staff . By objective standards , Abramson did a fine job . The paper won eight Pulitzer prizes during her brief tenure , with top-notch reporting and investigative journalism . Signups for digital access among readers increased . The company stock doubled during her tenure , performing better than the rest of the stock market . Doing a good job by objective measures , as we know , is not enough . That 's especially true for women , who as Sheryl Sandberg pointed out in her book "  Lean In , " worry about being liked . If it is difficult for women to exercise leadership in order to advance the businesses they lead , that obstacle is a mere bump on the road when compared to the challenge of advocating on their own behalf . We do n't know to what extent Abramson 's complaint about her compensation was a factor in her firing . But we know just how risky and complicated it is for women to ask for better pay . Women at every level are paid less than their male counterparts . Top female executives make 18 % less than their male counterparts . The same is true for female journalists . Trying to change that is excruciatingly difficult . As a recent New York Times article puts it , asking for a promotion or raise can make women seem "  overly demanding and unlikeable " and not "  sufficiently feminine , unseemly , if on a subconscious level . " It 's all incredibly irritating and offensive . And it needs to change . The specific circumstance that brought Jill Abramson 's sudden and shockingly undignified fall at the New York Times or Natalie Nougayr  de 's exit are almost secondary . The episodes have an ugly ring that is familiar to women . For all the progress we have seen , there is still a long , long way to go .	Jill Abramson , top editor at The New York Times , was fired by the paper 's publisher Frida Ghitis : Abramson 's ouster raises questions about pay equity , gender issues She says men get praised for being strong , but women are criticized for being pushy Ghitis : Navigating corporate ladder for women is paved with uncertainty and biases
CNN  -- Want space travel but do n't have pockets deep enough for Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic or the courage levels to match Felix Baumgartner , the daredevil space-jumper ? A balloon trip to  almost  space and back might just be the answer . Arizona-based space travel company World View Enterprises says it plans to offer a trip to the edge of space in a luxurious eight-seat capsule for $ 75,000 per ticket . It 's somewhat more affordable considering Virgin Galactic charges $ 250,000 , which also includes three days of training and two and a half hours in space . The capsule will be lifted by a high altitude balloon that will rise up to about 30 kilometers  98,425 feet or almost 20 miles  and stay aloft for two hours before returning back to Earth , according to a company press statement . Quiz : Do you have the smarts to be a space tourist ? That is not as high as Baumgartner 's jumping point  128,100 feet or around 39 kilometers  last year but much higher than one can usually reach -- the average altitude for commercial flights is about nine or ten kilometers above ground , or 30,000 to 40,000 feet . "  Passengers will be among the few to have seen the curvature of the Earth with their own eyes , " the statement touted . "  They will be able to gaze at the astounding views , the blackness of space , the brilliance of stars and the thin veil of atmosphere enveloping our planet . " The first flight is planned for 2016 . Component testing has already begun and sub-scale testing will soon be carried out as well , the company says . The space capsule will be developed by Paragon Space Development Corporation , which is developing technology for Inspiration Mars , a 501-day mission around Mars . Zero gravity flights : cheaper than space travel	Arizona-based company plans trip to the edge of space in a "  luxury capsule " Lifted by a high altitude balloon , the capsule will travel to a height of about 30 kilometers The first flight is expected to take off in three years
CNN  -- Tiger Woods probably wishes every tournament could be played on Doral 's Blue Monster course and after a second round 65 Friday he is headed for his fourth win at the iconic venue . Taking advantage of benign scoring conditions and just the lightest of breezes , the World No. 2 carded eight birdies , including a run of six in eight holes around the turn . The 17 birdies he has carded over the first two rounds is also a personal best for the 14-time major winner . It left him on 13-under 131 at halfway in the WGC-Cadillac Championship , an event he has won six times , and two shots clear of Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell , who shot a fine 67 . Woods was briefly joined at the top of the leader board by his arch U.S. rival Phil Mickelson , who also shot a five-under 67 for 10-under and tied with Steve Stricker in third . Woods and Miclkelson fought out a classic duel at Doral in 2005 when Tiger set the tournament record of 24-under-par . With stiffer winds set for the weekend , that score is unlikely to be broken as Woods homes in on his second win on the PGA Tour this season , the other coming at Torrey Pines , another of his favorite layouts . Masters champion Bubba Watson and Swede Freddie Jacobsen , who shared the first round lead , were a further shot back . Struggling World No. 1 Rory McIlroy has had to watch as his playing partner and fellow Nike stablemate Woods has made light work of the course over the first two days . The 23-year-old McIlroy will at least be around for the weekend in Florida , unlike at last week 's Honda Classic where he trudged off midway through a dismal second round -- and later apologized . McIlroy showed signs of improvement in a second round three-under-par 69 for two-under 142 , but finished with a dispiriting bogey five after three putting . It being a World Golf Championship event everyone in the select field gets to play all four rounds and the chance for the Northern Irishman to get his game into the groove as he builds up to the Masters . Defending champion Justin Rose of England saw his hopes of retaining the trophy all but disappear with a triple bogey seven on the short ninth , his 18th , to finish with a level par 72 for four-under 138 .	Tiger Woods leads at halfway stage of WGC tournament at Doral Woods cards a 65 for 131 on the Blue Monster course Graeme McDowell two shots behind in second place World No. 1 Rory McIlroy trails again in Florida
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly four years into his speakership , John Boehner is stronger than ever . Boehner will be elected to his third term as Speaker on Thursday , a few days before his 66th birthday . He 's already facing post-election grumbling from conservatives , but his position is remarkably secure for a Speaker whose tenure has been marked by the drama of the debt ceiling standoff , the government shutdown and the battles within the GOP . The Ohio Republican will soon preside over the largest House GOP majority since World War II and have a new partner in the Senate when Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , becomes majority leader . Boehner will still confront plenty of challenges as he shifts from being the face of the opposition party in Congress to a leader aiming to prove Republicans can govern ahead of the 2016 presidential election . Conservatives say they are worried that Boehner and McConnell may put too much emphasis on proving they can make a dysfunctional Congress work without focusing enough on laying out an agenda that sets up a clear contrast with Democrats . Kansas GOP Rep. Tim Huelskamp , a frequent Boehner critic from the right , told CNN that the midterm elections were a mandate for change and "  change was n't compromise with the president . " He said "  what won the election in 2014 was bold conservative principles and solutions . " Social conservatives Huelskamp said he agrees with Boehner 's pledge to again pass a series of GOP economic measures next year that the Democratic-led Senate ignored . But he insisted that the GOP base also wants to see a Republican Congress take measures backed by social conservatives , and he cited "  traditional marriage and pro-life bills . " Boehner and McConnell , meanwhile , have largely stayed away from talking about social issues . "  If they define success as passing bills that the president signs , that is setting themselves up for failure over the next year , " said Dan Holler , spokesman for Heritage Action , a conservative group that has clashed with Boehner in the past . Holler said the list of economic items that the two Republican leaders listed in their op-ed published in the Wall Street Journal last week was on target , but viewed by conservatives as just "  a good start . " The expanded GOP majority will give the Speaker a bit of a cushion so he can push back against the band of House conservatives who thwarted his legislative strategy and pushed the House to shut down the government last fall . Over the last four years , the Speaker has reminded his own members who wanted bolder action that he faced limits on what he could do because he only controlled "  one half of one third of the government . " "  Most of us were tired of hearing ` this is all Harry Reid will agree to ' - that 's so 2014 , " Huelskamp said , referring to the current Senate majority leader . Opposing Boehner Other Boehner critics already plan to vote against him serving another term . A small group of GOP candidates who were elected last Tuesday night campaigned on the pledge they would oppose Boehner remaining Speaker . But the movement is n't big enough or sufficiently organized to cause any serious trouble . There is an effort , backed by Boehner allies , to get those who oppose him to do so behind closed doors on Thursday . This would avoid the embarrassment he endured in 2013 when live C-Span cameras showed a dozen House Republicans voting for someone else or skipping the vote on the House floor when Boehner began his second term . Huelskamp is one of those who publicly opposed Boehner two years ago . Boehner stripped him of his seat on the Budget committee after a series of splits with GOP leaders in 2012 . Huelskamp told CNN "  the Speaker and I have our disagreements " but that he planned to vote for him this time . He said he spoke with the Speaker recently , but declined to describe the "  private discussion . " The problem for those in the anti-Boehner crowd is they do n't have an alternative candidate . Texas Republican Rep. Jeb Hensarling , who is popular among many conservatives and considered a leadership bid , decided he wanted to remain in his current post as the chairman of the powerful House Financial Services Committee . It is true that some of the new House Republicans are just as conservative -- if not more so -- than the members they replaced . But several House Republicans and leadership aides all say that numerically "  it 's a wash " in terms of how big of a group of rabble rousers Boehner can expect to deal with in the next Congress . Many of those in the right wing of the GOP conference who split with Boehner were fueled by support and encouragement from outside groups . But these groups lost a lot of their clout and credibility after the spending confrontation they demanded led to the shutdown , which Boehner warned would damage the GOP 's message After the surprise defeat of Boehner 's former number two - Eric Cantor - who many viewed as his only possible successor , Boehner has worked to solidify his power . Boehner spent most of the summer and fall months traversing the country campaigning for Republican candidates and collecting political chits . He visited 175 cities and remained the top House GOP fundraiser - - bringing in a whopping $ 102 million for GOP candidates from his various political committees . ` Strong position to persuade ' Boehner is "  in a strong position to persuade , " Oklahoma GOP Rep. Tom Cole told CNN . As a 24 year veteran of the House who once served as the Chair of the House Education Committee , Boehner is an institutionalist . He and McConnell are both masters of the behind the scenes legislative maneuvering that is little noticed by the public , but can lead to important deals . It 's still unclear how willing Boehner will be to give any major concessions and work with the president and Democrats to pass items like new infrastructure programs and new trade authority . There 's a sense that corralling what can sometimes be a rambunctious House GOP conference is a job that no one else besides Boehner is prepared to take on at this point -- or even wants . When Republicans gather this week , Boehner is likely to walk a fine line between telling his members what they want to hear about pushing conservative legislation next year , while starting to set some expectations . Those who have split with the Speaker say their disagreements have never been personal , and he 's earned genuine respect . Many enjoy it when he leads the infamous "  Boehner birthday song , " a fun , very short ditty members use to mark birthdays and now share on Twitter . "  Who else has a birthday song that everyone sings ? He 's clearly endeared and ingrained himself in a way that 's quite unprecedented , " Cole told CNN .	House GOP will elect Boehner speaker on Thursday Boehner is n't facing a leadership challenge Conservatives worry about Boehner 's priorities
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama began working Monday night on the speech he will deliver during a memorial service Wednesday for the victims of Saturday 's mass shooting in Tucson , Arizona . White House officials say Obama has determined the broad idea of what he wants to say and is working with his team of speechwriters on drafting his remarks . According to one White House official , the president will likely continue tweaking the speech throughout the day before his scheduled Wednesday evening remarks . While the details , tone and length of the speech have not been released , Obama "  will devote most of his remarks to memorializing the victims , " a White House official said . "  As president of the United States , but also as a father , obviously I 'm spending a lot of time just thinking about the families and reaching out to them , " Obama said Monday . Obama will also meet with family members of victims in Tucson , according to a White House official . The official said details are still being worked out on how many families he will meet with and where . Like many presidents before him , Obama is thrust into the position of "  mourner-in-chief " in the face of a national tragedy . President Ronald Reagan was the voice of a nation grieving after the explosion of the space shuttle Challenger in 1986 . "  We will never forget them , nor the last time we saw them , this morning , as they prepared for the journey and waved goodbye and ` slipped the surly bonds of earth ' to ` touch the face of God , ' " Reagan said from the Oval Office . President Bill Clinton 's remarks following the Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , bombing in 1995 were widely praised and were described by many as a defining moment in his presidency . "  Let us let our own children know that we will stand against the forces of fear , " Clinton said at the nationally televised memorial service in Oklahoma City . "  When there is talk of hatred , let us stand up and talk against it . When there is talk of violence , let us stand up and talk against it . In the face of death , let us honor life . " From his impromptu remarks and rallying cry atop of mound of rubble at ground zero in New York to his memorable speech at Washington 's National Cathedral , President George W. Bush faced a similar task of bringing the country together in the aftermath of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . "  It is said that adversity introduces us to ourselves . This is true of a nation as well , " Bush said . "  In this trial , we have been reminded , and the world has seen , that our fellow Americans are generous and kind , resourceful and brave , " he said . This will not be Obama 's first time in this unfortunate territory : He spoke after the West Virginia coal mine tragedy in April 2010 and the shooting at Fort Hood in Texas , in which 13 people were killed , in November 2009 . "  It may be hard to comprehend the twisted logic that led to this tragedy . But this much we do know -- no faith justifies these murderous and craven acts , " Obama said during the Fort Hood memorial service . As is always the case , the big challenge is striking the right tone , said presidential scholar Stephen Hess . "  He has to give a lovely , passionate memorial statement , a eulogy of grief , of hope perhaps for the future , said Hess , a former adviser to Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter . "  But it 's not a political speech and it has to be carefully stated it 's not a political speech . "  It 's always a fine line like this . If he chooses to step over the line and talk about things that subsequently can be dissected as political ... then he 's made a mistake and he 's done a disservice , " Hess said . "  But that , I think , is unlikely to happen , " Hess said . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	President Obama continues to work on speech he will deliver at memorial Wednesday Like presidents before him , Obama is thrust into role of "  mourner-in-chief " Presidents Reagan , Clinton and Bush all had defining moments amid national grief Obama , too , has had unpleasant duty before -- after coal mine disaster and Fort Hood
CNN  -- It started a few years ago , as I was spiraling down one of Wikipedia 's endless information rabbit holes . I already had as many trains of thought as I had tabs open , and yet , somewhere between the fall of the Roman Empire and the chemical properties of copper , another little thought managed to burrow a space for itself : I started to consider the process by which all this information had been amassed , ordered , published and argued over -- the massive collaborative effort shared amongst so many contributors , and the exponential benefit such a resource provided . Over time that initial little moment of wonder grew into a fascination with the culture around shared information - code and designs that can be studied , modified , and redistributed by anyone , for any purpose . Check out this demo of 3D printing pen But no matter how many documentaries I watched , books I read , and blogs I followed , I remained a spectator . The conversation about remix culture and self-replicating machines was between hackers , engineers and Harvard professors , and I did n't feel I could contribute . I made music videos , not circuit boards . Before this year I had never used a 3D printer , never written a line of code , and about the only thing I could make myself was an omelette . But in this inexperience I saw an opportunity to share the story and the struggles of a complete beginner , trying everything for the first time . Since August 1 2012 I 've been living a "  Year of Open Source , " exploring how the systems and culture of free and open-source software work in other areas . For a year , I 'm using or developing products and projects that are shared under open licenses , made to be copied or built upon by others -- which also means not buying any traditionally copyrighted or patented products . I 've been applying this concept to as many areas of my life as possible and documenting the results in blogs and videos . Digital tattoos , mind-reading headphones : The shape of things to come ? Some lifestyle changes have been welcome -- swapping Mac software for Linux was much easier than I expected , and I 'm never going back . "  Researching " open source beer is also a pleasure . People often ask me what I miss . Without any hesitation , it 's cinema ! Open-source , remix-friendly films are n't too common . I have n't been to the movies in 10 months and it takes just the faintest murmur from the nearby open air cinema before I find myself anxiously wiping phantom popcorn grease from my fingers . Similarly , avoiding "  all rights reserved " music has left me with a hollowed-out collection : some dusty public domain blues , and a sparse selection of new music under certain Creative Commons licenses . If you were to compare my music library before , and my music library now , you could never claim it was an improvement . But this project is not about what I 'm missing out on . The value of my new music is that it 's truly mine to use however I like . When you 're expressly given permission to use something , it starts a creative process . I use open-source photos , video and music freely in the videos I make , promoting the original artists while allowing my work to be remixed and reused by others in the same way . Using the commons means I never have to start from zero . I 'm currently creating an open educational curriculum for teaching video editing , but I can use existing ideas , resources and examples as a framework . Makeblock : open source ` Lego for adults ' My DIY skills have come a long way -- making scarves , wine , soap and toothpaste , though it seems like whittling sticks when compared to the possibilities of open hardware and digital manufacturing . The online sharing of 3D files allows people around the world to collaborate and create intricate physical objects using laser cutters , 3D printers and CNC mills . It 's not as easy as clicking "  print " but I 've been able to develop projects that would be impossible using traditional techniques . Thanks to the help from Fabienne Serriere and her hacked knitting machine I was able to survive the Berlin winter with an open source woolly hat . Its pattern draws on public-domain snowflake images , and a knitted QR code leads to the hat 's source files . Although 3D-printed underwear is a long way off  plastic chain mail , anyone ?  I thought computers could still take some of the difficulty out of making your own clothes . People do n't all fit neatly into small , medium and large , and patterns should reflect that . At my local co-sewing space I met a talented tailor and designer who helped me make a parametric underwear pattern -- you type in your waist measurement , and the pattern adjusts its shape to fit . Read this : My open-source cure for brain cancer This community is growing fast . Berlin 's first Fab Lab is just starting to plug in the 3D printers and warm up the soldering irons , already attracting a diverse collection of people who are exploring digital manufacturing for the first time . With each step there are technical challenges , and other difficulties along the way -- a lack of budget , as well as the time spent researching and organizing collaborations . Progress is slow . I have n't yet tackled big issues like an open-source approach to electricity , internet service or land access , and I 'm running out of time . On August 1 2013 , the restrictions will stop and , yes , I 'm heading straight to the movies . But now , I need no impetus to look for open-source solutions wherever possible -- it 's automatic . The year might be ending , but this process is not . The main lesson I 've learned is that if you want to make things yourself , if you want to help others , or express yourself creatively , you do n't need any special skills or background to get started . There is an ever-growing wealth of information , tools and designs in the commons , which you already have permission to use . Share and share alike . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sam Muirhead .	Sam Muirhead is using only products shared under open licenses He is hoping to complete a year of open-source living Sam has had to give up most movies and ` all rights reserved ' music He is currently creating an open educational curriculum for teaching video editing
CNN  It was in a New York cab . That 's when Grammy Award-winning signer Angelique Kidjo realized the extent that "  fear-bola " had spread . "  The driver just asked , ` where are you from ? ' Of course I have an accent , and I 'm not going to hide the fact that I 'm from West Africa . Then he said , ` Ebola ' , and I said , ` do I LOOK like I have Ebola ? ' " Later , when announcing her recently wrapped up Carnegie Hall tribute to South African singer Miriam Makeba , aka , Mama Africa , the trolls came out again . "  It should be Mama Ebola , " one wrote , and "  I wonder if she is bringing any Ebloa  sic  with her ? " chimed in another . "  Until that point , I felt the hysteria of it , but I kept saying to myself , ` it 's just the media . ' Then it comes to you direct . " Overall , she 's not been impressed with how the Western media has covered the epidemic . In her opinion , the current coverage represents a tragically lost opportunity . "  I thought Ebola would bring greater journalism , that they 'd write about the need for great nurses and great doctors , or how every human being on this planet has the right to a good healthcare system , " she confesses . Clearly , she 's been disappointed . "  I hoped they 'd show the beauty of the people . But it 's much more dramatic and more entertaining to show us dying . " In typical Kidjo fashion , she channeled her outrage into advocacy , and penned a New York Times op-ed . That is how the Benin-born singer-songwriter operates . When something makes her angry , she speaks out . In 2006 , she was nearly dragged off stage at a concert in Zimbabwe when she criticized the regime of President Mugabe . Earlier this year , in a CNN interview with Christian Amanpour , she expressed her contempt for Uganda 's anti-gay laws . As a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador  a role she 's held since 2002  , she 's campaigned heavily for AIDS and HIV prevention . Her critics are quick to dismiss her , and some have spread rumors that she is gay , or HIV positive , in an attempt to discredit her . "  If you search me in the French Wikipedia , I am listed as homosexual . I say well , it does n't really matter to me . If it helps you understand that a homosexual has the same rights as any other human being , fine . If you think that me having HIV can help people protect themselves , then I will take that . I can not be stopped by those things , because every time you keep silent , somebody dies , and we do n't have endless resources of human beings . " Later this week , Kidjo will tackle another one of her passions -- female empowerment -- at a concert at London 's Southbank Centre . She will perform songs from her latest album , Eve , which she made as a tribute to her mother  for whom the album is named  and to women in general . "  We woman around the globe , we carry the world on our back . We build society , " she says . Of course , it was n't always easy for Kidjo growing up as an outspoken woman in Benin -- a country which adheres to traditional gender roles . "  Some people look at you like you 're a piece of meat , or they think because you 're a woman or a girl , you do n't have a brain , " she admits . Kidjo 's house , however , was atypical . Her mother taught the boys to cook , and her father valued female independence . "  My father used to say , ` sexism is cowardice , it 's insecurity , ' " she recalls . Angelique Kidjo will be playing Southbank Centre 's Royal Festival Hall on 14th November as a part of the EFG London Jazz Festival . Questions from readers We asked and you delivered . Angelique Kidjo answers questions from CNN readers . What advice do you have for African women in the Western world ? How can we keep a balance between Western culture and our roots ? Well , when you go somewhere , you come with your culture , right ? The balance you find is how you bring it to the table . It does n't matter where I go , I 'm always going to be an African woman . I take what I need to strengthen myself , to move forward and grow as a human being . But I ai n't giving away my culture and identity for anything in this world -- never . What does "  Batonga " -LSB- the name of one of your songs -RSB- mean ? Batonga is a word that I made up . When I was in high school , and boys would insult me or make stupid comments , like "  come here and clear my food " , I 'd turn back and say , "  batonga " , which for me means , "  Take a hike ! Get off my back . I do what I want and I will be whoever I decide to be , despite your stupidity . " You speak Yoruba . Do you have Nigerian roots ? Yes , from my grandfather . He came from slave descendants . What singers inspired you the most growing up ? One day a friend of my brother 's brought over a Miriam Makeba album and it was the first time I saw a black woman on the cover of an album . Before that , I only saw white females , white males and black males on vinyl covers . When you start doing things , you want somebody who looks like you to be doing it too , to get the courage to do it . That 's when I started thinking that one day , if I do n't become a human rights lawyer , I will become a singer , like her .	Angelique Kidjo is a Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter She is performing at London 's Southbank Centre Friday , November 14 She has spoken out on Ebola hysteria , AIDS , female genital mutilation and homosexuality
CNN  -- The House of Representatives gave final approal late Thursday night to the $ 858 billion tax deal negotiated by the White House and top Senate Republicans , sending it to President Barack Obama to be signed into law . After a day of legislative wrangling that delayed consideration of the measure for several hours , the final vote of 277-148 had almost equal numbers of Democrats and Republicans in support . The package includes a two-year extension of the Bush-era tax cuts set to expire December 31 . It also would extend unemployment benefits for 13 months , cut the payroll tax by 2 percentage points for a year , restore the estate tax at a lower level and continue a series of other tax breaks . The bill , which cleared the Senate 81-19 on Wednesday , passed despite strong objections from both the left and the right . Among other things , House liberals were strongly opposed to what they argued was an excessive giveaway to the rich in the form of a lower estate tax . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi depicted the measure as a necessary step to prevent taxes of working class Americans from increasing , even though it also extended lower tax rates for the wealthiest Americans who she said do n't need the benefit . "  This is very difficult , " Pelosi said . "  Nobody wants taxes to go up for the middle class . We just do n't see why we have to give an extra tax cut to the wealthiest . " A procedural snag earlier Thursday forced House Democratic leaders to pull the bill from consideration over concerns they lacked support on how the debate would proceed under rules they had set . The House then went into indefinite recess as liberal Democrats seeking changes to the bill huddled with party leaders to work out a solution . Eventually , debate resumed on a new set of rules that would allow the House to vote on a proposed change to the controversial estate tax provision , and then on the full bill itself . Obama strongly praised the Senate vote earlier and urged the House of Representatives to quickly approve the bill . The Senate vote is "  a win for American families , American businesses , and our economic recovery , " Obama said in a written statement . "  As this bill moves to the House ... I hope that members from both parties can come together in a spirit of common purpose to protect American families and our economy as a whole by passing this essential economic package . " House Democrats , however , repeatedly warned that they may try to change the measure , particularly the estate tax provision . Currently , the estate tax is scheduled to return with an exemption on inheritances up to $ 1 million and tax amounts above that at a rate of 55 percent . Under the tax package , the tax rate would be reduced to 35 percent on amounts above a $ 5 million individual exemption . Conservatives argue that an estate tax more stringent than set by the package would , among other things , make it nearly impossible for many family-owned small businesses to be passed down from one generation to the next . Liberals contend that a lower or nonexistent estate tax would merely benefit the wealthy while doing little to aid the economy . A number of House Democrats wanted to change the estate tax to levels previously approved in a separate House bill that would exempt inheritances up to $ 3.5 million and tax amounts above that at a 45 percent rate . Pelosi said the change would bring in an additional $ 23 billion , and would affect only 6,600 more families than the lower rate and higher exemption in the negotiated tax deal . However , more than two dozen moderate House Democrats submitted a letter to their House leadership calling for the tax package to be passed unchanged so it could go directly to Obama to be signed into law . The House Rules Committee decided Wednesday night to allow a vote on changing the estate tax provision to the levels in the previously passed House bill . If approved , the changed bill would then go back to the Senate . If rejected , the House would then hold a separate vote on the Senate version , and with approval send the bill to Obama . However , the House Democratic leadership pulled the bill Thursday when it was unclear whether enough of their caucus would agree to the rules . Republicans traditionally oppose any rules set by Democratic leaders , even on legislation that has GOP support , arguing they want more time to debate and possibly make changes . Pelosi was seen talking to liberal Democrats including Weiner and Rep. Peter Welch of Vermont . Later , the group grew to include House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , and others . Rep. Rob Andrews of New Jersey said some Democrats wanted the rules to guarantee an up-or-down vote on the version of the bill passed by the Senate . As originally structured , such a vote would occur only if the House first rejected the amended version that altered the estate tax provision . "  We have one overriding goal here -- that every member of the House have a fair chance to express his or her view on final passage , " Andrews said . At the same time , liberal Democrats , including Weiner and Rep. Peter DeFazio of Oregon , want a chance to vote on further possible changes , including replacing the payroll tax deduction with an extended "  make work pay " tax credit set to expire at the end of the year , DeFazio said . The liberal Democrats also want a provision to redirect any additional revenue from their desired higher estate tax rate to pay for infrastructure investment projects , as well as a $ 250 payment to Social Security recipients denied a "  cost of living " increase this year , according to DeFazio . "  This is the last opportunity we have , " DeFazio said in explaining the last-minute push by the liberal wing . "  We 're on record voting on a whole bunch of things that people are n't paying attention to . People are paying attention now and we think we need to make a strong statement . " However , Democratic Rep. Jason Altmire of Pennsylvania , who supports the Senate version , called the move by liberals to demand more changes a "  mistake . " "  It 's delaying the inevitable , " Altmire told CNN . "  The Senate passed this thing with 81 votes . " In the end , the new rules only added the guaranteed vote on the full bill , while denying the other amendments sought by the liberal Democrats . Republicans involved in the negotiations with the White House on the package have warned that any changes by the House could derail the entire proposal , causing tax rates to increase in 2011 . "  If the House Democratic leadership decides to make partisan changes , they will ensure that every American taxpayer will see a job-killing tax hike on January 1st , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said in a statement Monday . With the Bush tax cuts set to expire at the end of the year , Obama and congressional Democrats faced a fast-approaching deadline to reach a deal . Republicans won control of the House and reduced the Democratic majority in the Senate in the new Congress convening in January , which would give Democrats less leverage to negotiate after the current lame-duck session . House liberals were not the only ones objecting to the agreement . A number of conservatives , including likely 2012 GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , were challenging the deal because it does n't permanently extend the Bush tax cuts and would add to the deficit . CNN 's Dana Bash , Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : The House passes the tax package NEW : The bill now goes to President Obama to be signed into law The vote was delayed by liberal Democrats seeking changes The measure extends Bush tax cuts to all , along with jobless benefits
New York  CNN  -- Shannon Morgan identifies as an atheist and wants the world , or at least the car behind her , to know it . But the state of New Jersey says no . Morgan , of Leesburg , is suing the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission for rejecting her request for a vanity license plate reading "  8THEIST , " according to a formal complaint filed Thursday with the district court . But the commission nixed her request , saying the message "  may carry connotations offensive to good taste and decency , " according to the complaint . An Americans United for Separation of Church and State legal team is now helping her sue the commission claiming Morgan 's First Amendment rights were violated . "  The state of New Jersey is favoring religion while disparaging nonbelief , " said the Rev. Barry W. Lynn , executive director of the group . "  It simply has no right to do that . " Morgan claims that she was denied a license plate for "  8THEIST " but approved for one that read "  BAPTIST " and that this "  expresses a preference for theistic religious beliefs , over non-theistic beliefs " according to the complaint . This case is all too familiar to another New Jersey native , David Silverman , who had to petition for a vanity license plate announcing his atheistic views . After he was initially rejected for a plate reading , "  ATHE1ST , " Silverman filed a formal complaint with the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission . He says that within three days , a supervisor at the commission issued him the plate . "  The word ` atheist , ' in my opinion , is not objectionable , " Silverman , who is president of American Atheists , told CNN . "  It 's not a bad word and should n't be regarded as a bad word . " He takes issue with the process , saying that it 's problematic that atheists have to jump through hoops only to be denied , then have to appeal before their license plates get approved . Calls to the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission were not immediately returned . Pastor tries atheism , loses jobs , gains $ 19,000 Can atheist churches last ? Atheist gets her day at the Supreme Court	Shannon Morgan requested a vanity license plate reading "  8THEIST " The New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission rejected her request Leader of atheist group : State is "  favoring religion while disparaging nonbelief " Suit against the commission claims Morgan 's First Amendment rights were violated
CNN  -- For Airbnb hosts who want to keep tabs on their homes , a full home security system might be overkill . They 're expensive , and live cameras and motion detectors invade guests ' privacy . So how do they make sure guests keep the volume down , are n't smoking inside and do n't ransack their home ? A new device called Point combines microphones with environmental sensors to detect anything out of the ordinary in your home while you are away . A broken window while you 're at work , the sound of your teenagers throwing a raging party , Grandad sneaking an unauthorized after-dinner cigar . "  They want to have peace of mind and know that everything is fine , but they do n't want or need full security systems , " said Nils Mattisson , co-founder of Form Devices , the start-up that makes Point . Small , round and plastic , Point looks like a traditional smoke alarm crossed with a speaker . Sounds are matched with data from the other sensors to figure out what might have happened -- a loud crash followed by a drop in temperature might mean a window was broken . It hears when an existing smoke detector goes off and sends an alert , though it 's not certified as an official smoke detector on its own . It has a microphone that can detect sounds outside that the human ear could pick up . Environmental sensors pick up temperature ; the particle sensor can tell what 's in the air . When Point detects any notable changes , it sends an alert to the owner 's smartphone . The mobile app also shows a timeline of all events , so someone can quickly scroll through the day to see when people were in the home . All the computation takes place on the device ; there is no live-streaming audio , no way to eavesdrop on your home and no overwhelming amount of data to sort through . Mattisson worked in the Exploratory Design Group at Apple for seven years , where he helped build prototypes for early , experimental product ideas . He left the company last year to start Form with co-founders Marcus Ljungblad , Fredrik Ahlberg and Martin L    f. Together , they wanted to create a new genre of smart-home device . The original idea started with Airbnb hosts , but it 's for anyone who wants a lightweight security option for their home or office . It 's meant for anyone who does n't need a complex security system , or who is n't comfortable with images from inside their home being stored on the cloud . Internet-connected cameras like Dropcam are a popular alternative to full security systems , but images and videos stored in the cloud can be vulnerable to hackers . For example , a Russian website is hosting hacked streams of strangers ' video cameras . Point does n't store audio information , processing it all directly on the device . Form has raised $ 150,000 on Kickstarter and is working with a manufacturer in China on the first production run , though it has tested early prototype devices . Early next year , the Finland-based company will ship the device to its first pilot customer , a management company that rents offices for short periods . Form hopes to test it with a hotel soon after that , and make it available to consumers by next summer for around $ 100 each . Tech companies including Apple and Google , and traditional home stores like Lowe 's and Home Depot , are all pushing smart-home products as the next big thing . Mattisson saw that big companies were taking existing products like thermostats and refrigerators and adding Internet . "  We felt there was a need for something that was simple , " said Mattisson . "  And we do n't have to make products that are in the same mold . "	Point is a new kind of home security gadget that listens constantly for unusual sounds It can pick up a window breaking or loud talking and send an alert to a smartphone Co-founder Nils Mattisson spent 7 years in Apple 's Exploratory Design Group
Las Vegas  CNN  The man police have accused of gunning down a Las Vegas woman after an apparent road rage incident confided in two friends hours after the shooting that he had shot someone , according to a police report released Friday . The two friends told police that Erich Milton Nowsch had texted one of them after the incident and asked if he could come over . He said he had important news , one of the witnesses told police . Nowsch described two shootings to the friends and told them people in a green car were out to get him . One of the witnesses told investigators that the 19-year-old suspect said he "  got those kids . They were after me , and I got them . " Nowsch will be arraigned Monday morning and faces a growing number of charges , including one count of murder . The other charges include one count of attempted murder , three counts of assault with a deadly weapon , and two counts of firing a gun from a car . Police said he shot Tammy Meyers , a 44-year-old mother of four , in front of her home on the night of February 12 after there was a confrontation while Meyers ' was giving her daughter a driving lesson . The police report also says Nowsch had been detained Tuesday for an unrelated warrant that was issued while he was a juvenile . During questioning he told investigators he was with a friend at a recording studio and was n't involved in shooting Meyers . But the friend told police the next day that he dropped Nowsch off at a park about 9:30 p.m. and they never went to a studio . Road rage suspect knew victim , husband says Police found two shooting scenes : one near a junior high school and the other in front of the Meyers ' home less than a half mile away . Six .45 caliber cartridge casings were picked up at the first scene . There were seven more .45 casings at the site of the killing , one .45 bullet with human blood on it , and three 9mm cartridge casings . Brandon Meyers , the 22 year-old son of Tammy Meyers , told police he had a Beretta 9mm handgun and fired after the shooter aimed at him and his mother , the report says . According to Nowsch 's friends , Nowsch told them he was riding in a silver Audi sedan when he was threatened so he put a magazine in his handgun and shot at the green car . The Audi then followed the Meyers back to their house . Nowsch claimed that he fired his gun 22 times while in front of the home , the report says . Nowsch showed the two friends his gun , some extra magazines and a box with more rounds , the witnesses told police . After the shooting the suspect and the person driving the Audi switched cars and the friend dropped him off at Santa Fe Station , a hotel and casino , the police report says . He then called and texted one of the witnesses and got a ride to their apartment . Nowsch told his friends he was sitting in a park when he saw a green car . He thought the people were looking for him . Apparently the car 's driver was Kristal Meyers . She was driving a green 1993 Buick sedan around the adjacent parking lot at the junior high school , getting a driving lesson from her mother , the girl told police . Kristal Meyers also took a few loops around the block before switching seats with her mother . Tammy Meyers took an indirect route home and as she was on a six-lane road , a silver car pulled up next to them . Kristal Meyers told police she reached over and honked the horn . The driver of the other car then followed them as the Meyers turned twice before the other car passed them in a bicycle lane and stopped sideways in front of them . Kristal Meyers told police that the driver got out and yelled : "  I 'm going to come back for you and your daughter . " The man was 6-feet tall , the daughter told police . Nowsch is much shorter . Police said Thursday they are looking for at least one more suspect in connection with the case . Critics have said that Tammy Meyers should have then gone home and gone inside to call police . Instead , when she arrived at the house she sent her daughter inside to get her son . Told that someone was threatening his mother and sister , Brandon Meyers went into his grandmother 's room and grabbed his handgun . When he got to the car , Brandon Meyers told his mother "  to come in the house and call the police , " he recounted to investigators . She insisted he come with her or she was going out alone , the police report says . The two drove around for a short time before encountering the gray car , the son said . They followed it and at some point the car stopped and the passenger shot at them . Brandon Meyers told police he ducked and did n't return fire . Tammy Meyers sped home and when she parked in front of the house , which is at the end of a cul-de-sac , Brandon Meyers got out and raced over to his mother . But before he could help her out , the silver car came down the street and the passenger shot at them . Brandon Meyers said he fired three times at the driver but did n't know if he hit anything . Tammy Meyers was struck in the head by the gunman in the Audi , police said . She died two days later at a hospital . CNN 's Ana Cabrera reported from Las Vegas and Steve Almasy wrote this article in Atlanta . CNN 's Steve Forrest , AnneClaire Stapleton and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Erich Milton Nowsch told two friends that people were after him and he got them , police report says Nowsch was interviewed by cops Tuesday , said he was n't involved in shooting
CNN  -- A federal judge ruled in favor of NFL players on Monday , issuing an injunction that ordered the league 's owners to lift their lockout . However , Greg Aiello , NFL senior vice president of public relations , said the league will seek an immediate stay of the ruling pending an appeal . A lockout was imposed after talks between the players and owners broke down last month and the players disbanded their union . An NFL statement said an appeal will be on the grounds that federal law prohibits injunctions in labor disputes . Your guide to the NFL talks In her ruling Monday , U.S. District Judge Susan Richard Nelson said the decision by the players to disband their union meant the case no longer came under federal labor law that prohibits injunctions , as claimed by the owners . Tom Brady , Drew Brees , Peyton Manning , and seven other players filed the lawsuit on behalf of other current and eligible NFL players against the league to halt the lockout , which could affect the start of the 2011-12 season scheduled for September 8 . The players also want a future trial to determine if the NFL lockout is in violation of federal antitrust laws . If the players are locked out from playing in September , it would be the first NFL work stoppage since 1987 , with months of labor and legal maneuvering looming for football fans already confused about how a $ 9 billion industry lacks enough money to satisfy everyone . The heart of the issue between the players and the owners is how to divide the league 's $ 9 billion in revenue . Right now , NFL owners take $ 1 billion off the top of that revenue stream . After that , the players get about 60 % . The owners say that the current labor deal does n't take into account the rising costs related to building stadiums and promoting the game . The players argue that the league has not sufficiently opened up its books to prove this . In addition , the owners also want to increase the season by two games , which the players are against because of the risk of injuries . NFL 's dirty secret : Players suffer While star players earn millions of dollars each year , the median NFL salary is $ 790,000 and the average career lasts about four years . A lockout also impacts the league 's employees : the receptionists , ticket salespeople , and stadium workers . The New York Jets have announced that they will require all business-side employees to take a one-week unpaid leave each month during any lockout . The lockout will not stop the NFL draft , which will proceed as scheduled on April 28-30 , the league said .	The NFL says it will file an immediate appeal Monday 's ruling involves whether the case is still a labor dispute The showdown threatens to delay the start of the 2011 NFL season
Rome  CNN  -- Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , the Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death in Sudan because of her faith , arrived in Rome on Thursday , the Italian Foreign Ministry said . Ibrahim "  will remain in Italy for a short time and then will travel on to the United States , " the ministry said . Sudanese authorities had said Ibrahim was guilty of rejecting Islam in favor of Christianity , but her conviction for "  apostasy " and adultery was overturned last month on appeal , following weeks of international controversy . After her release , she and her husband , American Daniel Wani , were detained for two days , accused of falsifying travel documents after going to the airport in Sudan 's capital , Khartoum . They were trying to fly to the United States with their baby daughter , who was born while Ibrahim was in prison , and toddler son . Now their dream of starting a new life in the United States appears to be on the verge of becoming reality . Not only that , but Ibrahim and her family met with Pope Francis at his private residence in Domus Santa Marta in Vatican City . During the meeting Thursday , which lasted about half an hour , Ibrahim thanked the Pope for his and the Roman Catholic Church 's support and prayers , the Vatican said . He , in turn , thanked Ibrahim and her family for their "  courageous witness and constancy of faith . " Francis also played with the children , 18-month-old Martin and 2-month-old Maya , and greeted the Italian diplomats involved in her journey to Italy . With this gesture , the Vatican said , the Pope "  desired to show his closeness , attention and prayer also to all those who suffer for their faith , in particular to Christians who are enduring persecution or limitations imposed upon their religious freedom . " Ibrahim has said that her mother , an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian , raised her as a Christian . She remained steadfast in her faith despite the threat of a death sentence , saying at her sentencing hearing in May : "  I am a Christian , and I will remain a Christian . " ` Day for celebration ' Ibrahim and her family were earlier greeted at the airport in Rome by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi . In a brief statement to reporters at the airport , Renzi said , "  Today we are very happy . ... Today is a day for celebration . " Speaking alongside him , Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Lapo Pistelli said Ibrahim and her children were well and in "  excellent condition . " He said Pope Francis had been informed Wednesday by the Prime Minister that the family was coming to Italy , and that the government had worked to bring about a meeting between them . "  Mariam and her two children will have important meetings in the following days and then they will travel to the United States . " How Italy helped Pistelli said Italy had become involved in the case because , as a Catholic country , it was very moved by Ibrahim 's story and wanted to help . Italy has good relations with Khartoum and offered to help the U.S. Embassy there to speed up the process of getting U.S. passports for Ibrahim and her family to leave the country , the minister said . Pistelli said he had traveled to Sudan two weeks ago to start the process but it was not finalized until Wednesday night . He posted an image to his Facebook page of himself with Ibrahim and the two children , apparently taken on board the plane shortly before their arrival in Rome . "  Mission accomplished , " he wrote . Ibrahim , her husband and their two children are now in a protected government house , he said . It is unclear how long Ibrahim will stay in Rome before flying on to the United States , he said , adding that it had to do with passport procedures . CNN has not yet been able to reach the U.S. Embassy or the Sudanese Foreign Ministry for comment . Persecution claim Ibrahim 's ordeal began when one of her relatives , a Muslim , filed a criminal complaint saying her family was shocked to find out she had married Wani , a Christian , after she was missing for several years . A Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim . She was charged with adultery , because a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan . She was also charged with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith . She insists she has never been a Muslim -- and says she was persecuted as a Christian while in prison . Convicted when she was about eight months pregnant , she gave birth two weeks later while shackled . On Monday , a Sudanese Islamic jihadi group which has previously claimed an attack on a Sudanese journalist released a statement threatening Ibrahim . The group vowed to carry out what it said was the justified death sentence against Ibrahim that was repealed by a higher court . Amid this threatening environment , Daniel Wani told CNN that his family had reported seeing unknown people outside their old residence in Khartoum . Their numbers had been increasing over the past few days , he said . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Nima Elbagir from Khartoum , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Mariam Yehya Ibrahim and her family meet Pope Francis , thank him for his prayers Francis thanks Ibrahim and her family for their "  courageous constant witness to faith " Ibrahim and her family will be in Italy for a short time before traveling on to the United States "  Today is a day for celebration , " says Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi
CNN  They left Iran unwillingly , often in a hurry . It was for the best for these refugees . Iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the former President of Iran , famously said during a 2007 trip to the United States , "  In Iran , we do n't have homosexuals , like in your country . " Of course , they do live there , in fear of being discovered . Homosexuality is illegal . You can be executed if convicted of engaging in sexual acts . Kissing another person of the same sex can earn corporal punishment , like lashes . Others have been pressured to undergo gender reassignment . Psychologists in Iran have reportedly pushed LGBT patients toward hormone therapy and eventually surgery . Some flee the country before surgery , as do other homosexuals who believe they may be outed . Many come to Turkey , and the small town of Denizli is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from Iran who are now in limbo . Photographer Laurence Rasti , the Swiss-born daughter of Iranian parents , flew from her home in Geneva , to Denizli to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran . "  I could n't understand that in Iran  homosexuality  is n't accepted , " she said recently by phone from Geneva . "  A lot of my friends are gay . And for me it was a huge cultural difference between Europe and Iran . " Rasti , whose yearlong project was part of her studies at Ecole Cantonale d'Art de Lausanne , said that when she first went to Turkey , it was difficult to get people to pose . They did n't trust her motives , did n't trust strangers , she said . It was a process to become friends . She would talk to the potential subjects about their stories then discuss with them her ideas for what the photo would be like . "  I took a little part of their story to imagine a photograph , " she said . There was another challenge . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  It was a work about identity even though we do n't see faces , " she said . She hopes the images will give back to each of these people the face that their country has "  temporarily stolen . " Rasti , 25 , said once people understood her sincerity , and the anonymity of the project , they agreed to be photographed . Rasti , a photographer for four years , used her Mamiya 7 to give people a view into the spirit of these refugees . Despite their status -- they can not earn a living in Turkey and it take years to getting papers to go to a new country -- the refugees are still full of hope and love despite their rough lives , Rasti said . It 's even more remarkable , she said , when you consider how they never imagined having to flee the land they loved and then lie to their families , many telling their kin they left to pursue their studies . Most will eventually go on to a third country . Rasti said she remains friends with some of her subjects who now live in Canada . A few will return to Iran , hoping to keep their homosexuality a secret . Rasti hopes her photos spark dialogue . "  The reason I did this project is , I want use photos to talk about something that I think is important , " she said . "  I wanted to let people know people know it is not unnatural . When people are afraid of something or do n't accept something , I think we should talk about it . " Laurence Rasti is a Swiss-born Iranian photographer based in Geneva .	Homosexuality is illegal in Iran Denizli , Turkey , is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from Iran Photographer Laurence Rasti traveled to Turkey to explore her fascination with identity issues
Krotz Springs , Louisiana  CNN  -- Residents of towns along the swollen Mississippi River on Sunday packed up their valuables and made last-ditch efforts to place sandbags and makeshift levees outside their homes , trying to protect themselves and their homes from rising waters . "  I have never experienced anything like this in my life , " said Brett Ansley , 24 , as he was hitching up his trailer home in Krotz Springs , Louisiana , to move it to higher ground . "  It 's crazy . It 's unreal . " These efforts occurred as the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers opened two additional gates Sunday morning on the Morganza spillway , located about 115 miles northwest of New Orleans . This is after opening the first two bays the previous day . A collective gasp as Louisiana town braces for flood The plan is to let out water from as many as one-fourth of the spillway 's 125 bays to spare the Louisiana cities of Baton Rouge and New Orleans from severe flooding , Corps spokesman Ricky Boyett has said . But it maystill affect nearly 4,000 people who live along the river , as it sends water toward homes and farmland in the Atchafalaya Basin , according to Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal . "  At this time , we are currently monitoring the river , but it is too early to know if additional gates will be opened today , " Boyett wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Some of the spillway 's gates will likely be open for weeks , and it 'll be at least that long before the river falls safely below flood stage and those who have evacuated can safely return , said Col. Ed Fleming , the Corps ' New Orleans district commander . Stars talk about the flooding and response Fleming said the decision to open the spillway , along with similar decisions made in recent weeks as the floodwaters moved southward , was done to address a historic excess of water in the Mississippi River and its tributaries . While the spillways will divert water away from Louisiana cities , low-lying central parts of the state will be flooded . Across the South and lower Midwest , floodwaters have already covered about 3 million acres of farmland , eroding for many farmers what could have been a profitable year for corn , wheat , rice and cotton , officials said . Authorities in St. Landry Parish issued a mandatory evacuation that affected about 2,000 people -- including about 750 people living in 240 homes in Krotz Springs . Residents in other areas were under a voluntary evacuation , with authorities encouraging but not ordering them to leave . Don Menard , the parish 's president , said Sunday afternoon that water levels in Krotz Springs appear lower than expected -- though he said he thought they 'd rise considerably after midnight , and especially if and when more floodgates are opened . NBA 's Grizzlies inspired by fans in flooded Memphis "  It 's the fear of the unknown , " Menard said , noting estimates that the water could rise 10 to 15 feet in spots . "  These are predictions , no one knows for sure what will happen . " CNN iReporter Faisal Abou-Shahla posted a video of flooded homes in St. Francisville , Louisiana , about 30 miles north of Baton Rouge . He said he shot the video on Saturday , after the first gate was opened on the spillway . Abou-Shahla said he lives in Baton Rouge and was visiting his fiancee 's parents in St. Francisville . Some city residents "  were waiting until the last second to leave , " he said Sunday , while others used whatever they could to try to minimize damage to their homes for when the high waters roll in . "  There were a few seemingly futile attempts to put sandbags up , " said Abou-Shahla . Following the opening of the spillway , the National Weather Service revised its flood forecasts and lowered projected cresting levels in some Louisiana towns . Forecasters also said the river may crest earlier than first thought in some areas . "  The river at Baton Rouge through New Orleans will crest sooner than upstream locations due to Morganza spillway operations , " said the latest forecast , issued Saturday . "  After crests , stages will remain at the same levels and New Orleans will fluctuate near flood stage while Bonnet Carre and Morganza are operated . " Authorities previously opened gates on the Bonnet Carre spillway , located upstream from Morganza . Already on Sunday , waters in Vicksburg , Mississippi , had reached record levels of 56.2 feet , the weather service reported . This is well above the 43-foot flood stage , but still short of the forecasted crest of 57.5 feet on Thursday . Levels in Natchez , further south downriver , were two feet higher than the record set in 1937 on Sunday , but just under three feet shy of the 63-foot crest expected Saturday . The weather service said the river was also cresting Sunday in New Orleans and Reserve , Louisiana , because of the spillway operations . At Reserve , the river was cresting at 28.2 feet , above the historic 1929 flood level of 26 feet . At New Orleans , however , the crest was 17 feet , about four feet below the historic level of 1922 . Spillways explained Residents were counting on a levee for protection . In addition to the mainline levee along the river , starting near Vicksburg and extending northeast for more than 20 miles , a so-called backwater levee offers shelter . The backwater levee is designed to keep water from backing into the Yazoo River delta and is designed lower than the mainline levee so that water can flow over it . Peter Nimrod , the Mississippi Levee Board 's chief engineer , said Sunday there was a "  remote " chances the levees could be breached , though he expressed confidence they would hold . Even if it stays intact , the expectation is excess water will rush over them for several days . "  There will be a lot of sleepless nights , when this thing starts overtopping , " Nimrod said . "  It will be a very stressful time for everyone . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Martin Savidge , Justin Lear , Jacqui Jeras and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : A parish official orders evacuation , cites "  the fear of the unknown " NEW : A Mississippi levee engineer says the next few days will be "  stressful " The Army Corps of Engineers plans to open one-fourth of the Morganza spillway 's floodgates
CNN  -- Firefighters in Washington have contained a massive blaze that started on one house 's roof and spread to at least 15 other homes , authorities said . Stacked logs at a saw mill were also engulfed by the fire and helped fuel the flames , Yakima County Fire Chief George Spencer said late Saturday . "  We 're talking thousands and thousands of logs . It 'll take about three or four days for that to burn out , " he said . Authorities said the fire started around 2 p.m. Saturday in the town of White Swan , located on the Yakama Indian Reservation . Investigators do not know what caused the fire , Sgt. George Town of the Yakima County Sheriff 's Office said . Firefighters have not official determined what sparked the blaze , but are considering it to be accidental , Spencer said . He said the fire may have destroyed or damaged at least 15 and as many as 20 homes . At least 60 firefighters from 12 different fire departments battled the flames for more than eight hours . Two firefighters sustained minor injuries and were treated at the scene .	NEW : Stacked logs at a saw mill were also engulfed by the fire The fire is on the Yakama Indian Reservation Two firefighters are injured while battling the blaze
CNN  -- Tom Perkins , a well-known venture capitalist , got himself in hot water when he compared the "  progressive war on the 1 % " with Nazis ' treatment of Jews in World War II . Although Perkins apologized for his comments , he stood by his main point that anger at the rich is a wrong and dangerous attitude . It 's easy to dismiss Perkins ' sentiment as nothing more than the ill-advised ravings of a cantankerous , thin-skinned old man . But it also illustrates just how bizarre things have gotten for some wealthy people , who find themselves in a new socially constructed category and on the wrong side of a resurgent but elusive political ideal , facing off against mesmerizing populist adversaries . How can the "  1 % " make the best of the situation they 're in and reduce the likelihood of more embarrassing Perkins-like incidents ? Here 's my advice . First , remember that the 1 % is an almost meaningless moniker for a multifarious bunch of people who differ greatly in political leaning , wealth , occupation and ethics . Yes , you are luckier , better educated and perhaps a little bit smarter than the rest , but that hardly makes you a monolithic class . And while there are certainly scoundrels , sociopaths , wealth addicts and Ayn Rand-devotees in your midst , these bad apples are far from the norm despite the attention they garner . You 're really just like everybody else , only richer . However , as "  welfare moms , " "  urban youth " and "  unionized teachers " have long since discovered , resistance is futile once a pejorative new category bursts onto the scene . And you 'll only make things worse by trying to introduce something better  Perkins tried "  successful 1 % , " which is even more objectionable because it implies the "  unsuccessful 99 % "  . So you 're stuck with the 1 % label . But rather than wax nostalgic for the honorific categories of yesteryear - "  global elite , " "  electronic herd " and "  mass affluent " -- try to remember that "  sticks and stones may break your bones but names will never hurt you " while waiting calmly for the rhetorical storm to pass . And please do n't succumb to self-pity for suffering the indignity of guilt by association ; name-calling is nothing like stop-and-frisk , job discrimination or profiling . Toughen up ! Second , for all the easy talk about reducing inequality , its corollary -- equality -- is the most complex and controversial social ideal . Is it equality of opportunity or income ? At a moment in time or across generations ? Why is it important over and above the goal of helping those at the bottom ? But what makes equality difficult to define philosophically makes it expedient politically , because its vagueness and complexity allow it to be offered as a panacea for almost any problem . Just accept that while it 's possible to be pro-gun or pro-choice , it 's impossible to be pro-inequality . And when cornered at a cocktail party , please do n't ask opponents to tell you what equality really means or to offer a coherent explanation of its causes and effects . Equality is the zeitgeist for a period when many people feel under pressure and shafted by a system that they think you represent . If you sympathize , show it . If you do n't , keep your mouth shut . Third , you need a grass-roots strategy for dealing with Elizabeth Warren , Bill de Blasio and the other emerging populist rock stars . It simply wo n't do to continue relying on the octogenarian trinity -- Warren Buffett , George Soros and John Bogle -- to be your friendly faces . Nor can the job be outsourced to Third Way staffers or lefty celebrities . To meet the populist media challenge will take some courage by a younger generation of 1 % Democrats with charisma and a willingness to seek common ground with the populists even though by doing so they 'll be viewed by many friends and colleagues as traitors to their class . Rather than put your head in the sand or stay safely in the limousine , get out there and make your case in the street , on TV , in bars and on the Internet . But be realistic , for in the current environment the best you can do may be to get yourselves thought of as humble , competent people on a level with dentists . Finally , be invigorated by this moment in the spotlight ! You have status to engage politically simply by virtue of your membership in a category - the 1 % - that did not even exist until 2011 . But political winds are fickle and may soon blow you off the stage . As Oscar Wilde said , "  the only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John MacIntosh .	Prominent venture capitalist compares war on the 1 % with Nazi treatment of Jews John MacIntosh : How can the 1 % avoid embarrassing Perkins-like incidents ? He says while you can be pro-gun or pro-choice , it 's impossible to be pro-inequality MacIntosh : If you sympathize with 99 % , show it ; if you do n't , better to keep quiet
CNN  -- Authorities were using military helicopters and a C-130 cargo plane Sunday to evacuate thousands of residents stranded by rising floodwaters in the eastern Australian state of Queensland , the government said . Heavy rains in recent weeks have swollen rivers beyond their banks , threatening a number of communities in Queensland and New South Wales . Authorities were using the plane and helicopters to evacuate patients from a hospital in particularly hard-hit Queensland town of St. George , where officials were warning about 4,000 residents to get out of the path of what officials say will be a record-breaking flood . "  This is a very serious situation and I urge people to cooperate , " Queensland Premier Anna Bligh told CNN affiliate Nine Network . The Balonne River is expected to crest Monday at 15 meters  49.2 feet  , swamping the town of St. George . Prime Minister Julia Gillard said authorities were coordinating calls for assistance . " "  Emergency Management Australia has liaison officers in flood-affected regions to ensure that requests for any further assistance can be actioned immediately , " Gillard said in a statement . Food and medical supplies have been flown to isolated communities elsewhere in Queensland , authorities said . Rescue workers on Sunday recovered the body of a woman who died trying to drive her pickup through floodwaters , authorities said . Jane Sheahan was swept away Friday in the Queensland town of Roma , authorities said . Witnesses told CNN affiliate Nine Network that Sheahan managed to hand off her 7-year-old son , Darcy , to a would-be rescuer before she was swept away . In the neighboring province of New South Wales , thousands of people remained isolated despite reports of receding floodwaters in some areas . Emergency officials lifted a number of evacuations ordered evacuations early Sunday , though they warned residents not to walk , drive or swim in the receding waters . Flood waters have started to recede around North Moree after five days of major flooding , the New South Wales Emergency Services said , but many of the town 's streets remain closed . Aerial assessments show some 300 homes and businesses have been inundated -- making it the worst flooding in nearly 60 years , CNN affiliate Seven Network reported . Major flooding has also affected communities along the Namoi River , where the town of Wee Waa has been cut off , the New South Wales Emergency Services said . Major flooding is expected to continue there until the middle of this week . Other communities affected by the Namoi River include Boggoabri , Narrabri Bugilbone and Goangra , with flood waters closing roads and inundating some rural properties .	Authorities : Military helicopters and cargo plane used to evacuate patients at hospital Report : Body of woman who handed her son off to rescuers recovered Thousands ordered to evacuate in towns in Queensland and New South Wales
Jerusalem  CNN  -- In a highly symbolic break with previous policy , Egypt reopened its border crossing into Gaza on Saturday , opening the door for Palestinians to the outside world and raising fears among some Israelis that militant attacks will increase . "  Procedures were excellent , " said Younes Ahmed , who described his travel into Egypt as the first such visit in his life . "  I hope there will be peace between our people and I want to thank the Egyptian people and the Egyptian government ... we always hope for easier ways for Palestinians because our people suffered enough . " Crossing officials said more than 600 Palestinians passed Saturday through the Rafah border , which had been subject to frequent closures by Egypt after Hamas , an Islamic militant group , took control of Gaza in June 2007 . The closure of the border had been part of an embargo policy by Egypt and Israel aimed at cutting off Hamas , though it simultaneously created an economic hardship in Gaza by limiting shipments of goods in and out of the country . Egypt opted to reopen the border to offer relief to the people of Gaza , said Ambassador Menha Bakhoum of the country 's foreign ministry . "  Today , we are facing a new stage , a new stage were this blockade is defeated , " said a Hamas representative at the crossing . "  This step is to support the resistance of the Palestinian people to face the Zionist blockade . " "  This is a Palestinian-Egyptian frontier and it 's not the business of the invaders , " said Salam Baraka , general director of border police . "  This border does not submit but to the Egyptian-Palestinian rule . " Palestinian Authority adviser and negotiator Nabil Shaath heralded the move by the government in Cairo , calling it a "  brave and bold decision " that demonstrated "  the new Egypt stands by the Palestinian people . " It was seen as a victory by many in the Hamas government of Gaza , which staged a celebration rally Saturday near the crossing . Some in Israel 's security establishment have privately expressed concerns that the increased traffic at Rafah could serve to allow more militants and weapons to cross in and out of Gaza and that it could ultimately serve to bolster the position of Hamas , which Israel and the United States consider a terrorist organization , but the Israeli government has said little publicly . Neither the office of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu nor the foreign ministry would publicly comment due to the sensitive nature of relations with Egypt . Sari Bashi , who serves as director of Gisha , an Israeli organization that advocates for Palestinian freedom of movement , welcomed the changes at the crossing and said Israel need not be overly concerned . "  It continues to prevent goods from traveling via Rafah and it also continues to limit travel to those listed in the Israeli-approved Palestinian population registry , " Bashi said of the new Egyptian policy . "  Egypt is allowing an incremental and welcome change , but it is still expressing its willingness to engage Israel and engage Israeli security concerns . " The Rafah crossing was open sporadically between June and January , when Egypt ordered it opened to those in need of medical care , students , and foreign passport and residency card holders . Among those people allowed to cross were those wounded during an Israeli assault aboard a flotilla of ships headed to Gaza last year . Rafah is one of two crossings through which Palestinians can exit Gaza ; the other is controlled by Israel and bars passage by most Palestinians save for those with emergency medical conditions . Since the flotilla raid , Israel has allowed a greater amount of goods to enter Gaza , but it still maintains a complete blockade of the airspace and territorial waters and has limited most exports . After Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak was forced from office , the interim government promised to reopen the border . CNN 's Paul Cosley and Talal Abu Rahmah contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Procedures were excellent , " says one middle-aged Palestinian on his first visit to Egypt More than 600 Palestinians made the crossing Saturday Egypt reopens its border with Gaza , opening access to Palestinians The border crossing was closed by Israel and Egypt in 2007 to cut off Hamas
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- An Egyptian business tycoon and a former police officer have been found guilty in last July 's slaying of a rising Lebanese pop singer . Hisham Talaat Moustafa , a real estate mogul , has been found guilty of Suzanne Tamim 's murder . The case , with its high-profile victim and defendant , has captivated Egypt and the region . A judge convicted and sentenced to death real estate mogul Hisham Talaat Moustafa and the former officer Muhsen el Sukkari on Thursday . Egypt 's Grand Mufti -- the country 's highest religious official -- will review the sentence and rule on June 25 if the men will be executed , the judge said . Because the two men were sentenced under Islamic law , it is widely expected that they would be hanged . Mustafa 's lawyer told reporters outside the courtroom that he will appeal the conviction , saying there was "  a one million percent guarantee " the sentence would be overturned . The singer , Suzanne Tamim , was found slain in her apartment in the United Arab Emirates . She had been stabbed and her throat slit . Prosecutors alleged that Moustafa , a parliament member for the ruling National Democratic Party , paid el Sukkari $ 2 million to kill Tamim . During the trial , Moustafa 's lawyer told CNN his client loved the singer , but could not take Tamim as a second wife because his family objected . Polygamy is legal in Egypt , and it 's not unusual for men -- such as Moustafa , a married father of three -- to take on additional wives . Prosecutors have said Tamim 's death was a "  means of taking revenge , " but have not elaborated . Moustafa and el Sukkari claim the prosecution 's evidence could have been fabricated or tampered with by UAE authorities and should not be used against them . Although Tamim was killed in the United Arab Emirates , the Egyptian judiciary tried the case in Cairo because the accused were arrested in Egypt . After his arrest in September , Egyptian authorities indicted Moustafa , stripped him of his parliamentary immunity and jailed him pending trial . He also resigned as chairman of Talaat Moustafa Group -- a conglomerate with construction and real estate arms that was founded by his father , Talaat Moustafa . Moustafa 's brother , Tarek Talaat Moustafa , now chairs the company . CNN 's Raja Razek and Housam Ahmed contributed to this story .	Egyptian mogul and ex-police officer guilty of Lebanese singer 's murder Her body was found in apartment in United Arab Emirates Prosecutors alleged ex-officer was paid $ 2M to kill singer Suzanne Tamim NEW : Men sentenced to death , lawyer for tycoon says he plans to appeal
CNN  Five years ago , Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe . This week , she got threatened for her action . The trouble started Monday , when comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question . "  What must 've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling ? " Gervais wrote . In the past three days , his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times . A number of people insulted and threatened Francis in response to the giraffe photo and others featuring her . On the website rebeccafrancis.com , there are photos of Francis with other animals , including a lion , which other Twitterers responded to . Francis , who has appeared on the NBC Sports Network outdoor lifestyle show "  Eye of the Hunter " and was the subject of an interview with Hunting Life in late March , responded in a statement to HuntingLife.com on Tuesday , which was posted on its Facebook page . The death came about , she said , because she was asked by others on an African hunt to "  preserve " him for the local people . "  The locals  showed me this beautiful old bull giraffe that was wandering all alone . He had been kicked out of the herd by a younger and stronger bull . He was past his breeding years and very close to death , " she said . "  They asked me if I would preserve this giraffe by providing all the locals with food and other means of survival . ... I chose to honor his life by providing others with his uses and I do not regret it for one second .  The locals  did not waste a single part of him . I am grateful to be a part of something so good . " According to the Giraffe Conservation Foundation , there are about 80,000 giraffes in Africa , a decline of 60,000 in the past 15 years . On a website called rebeccafrancis.com , where the photo is posted , Francis describes herself as a longtime outdoors enthusiast and a fan of bow-hunting . "  I prefer bowhunting , and the animals I have taken with a bow include : a 101/2 ft. brown bear , black bear , shiras moose , alaskan moose , dall sheep , stone sheep , desert bighorn ram , rocky mountain bighorn ram , mule deer , whitetail deer , elk , mountain goat , antelope , arapawa ram , kudu , zebra , black wildebeest , giraffe , springbuck , blesbuck , lynx , badger , and squirrel , " she writes . "  I have also taken many of the same species and more with a rifle . " She has achieved the "  Full Curl of North American sheep " with a bow , according to the Hunting Life interview , and hopes to achieve the "  Super 10 . " The latter , according to liveoutdoors.com , "  entails the taking of one animal from the ten basic North American species : bears , cats , deer , elk , caribou , moose , bison/muskox , goat , antelope and sheep . " Tom Opre , the producer and co-host of "  Eye of the Hunter , " says she won the first season of "  Extreme Huntress , " an online offshoot of "  Eye , " and co-hosted a handful of "  Eye " episodes . The rebeccafrancis.com website was apparently last updated in 2013 , though it makes mention of a 2015 TV series called "  Sheep Shape " on the Sportsman Channel . CNN has reached out to Francis for comment .	Rebecca Francis ' photo with a giraffe was shared by Ricky Gervais Francis was threatened on Twitter for the picture Francis , a hunter , said the giraffe was "  close to death " and became food for locals
CNN  -- Serbia hosted the Third Meeting of Heads of Government of China and Central and Eastern Europe this week , marking the first visit of a Chinese Premiere to Belgrade in 28 years . The Balkan nation has positioned itself as an attractive destination for Chinese investment over the last decade , with a number of big projects in the pipeline . One of them is the China-funded Zemun-Borca bridge over the Danube river which was ceremonially opened by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and Serbian prime minister Aleksandar Vucic Thursday . Serbia is increasingly looking to invest in big infrastructure projects in Southeast Europe in order to ease the passage of its goods from the Greek port of Piraeus , which is under a 35-year concession by Chinese shipping giant Cosco , to western Europe . CNN 's Paula Newton sat down with Vucic in Belgrade ahead of the summit to discuss the government 's efforts against corruption , Serbia 's strategy for EU membership and the Kosovo issue . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : Strategically , why is it so important at this point in time to be having this summit and to invite so many different countries ? Aleksandar Vucic : It is actually the third summit in a row that is taking place here in Belgrade and we are very satisfied because of that fact . I 'm really jubilant to see 16 prime ministers in our country , in Belgrade . It means that Belgrade once again became a very open , connected city . Many people from all over the world would associate Serbia with some past times , with the wars , and some terrible times not only for Serbia but for the whole region . I dare to say today that Serbia is renewing its energy , Serbia is once again a very open society and a very open place for all our guests . CNN : What is China getting out of it ? Some wonder if they will have undue influence in this country , because of the strong economic ties ? AV : They get our money . It 's capitalism ; they invest something , they earn money and that 's it -- it 's a market economy . CNN : You 're all in competition , I would say , in these European countries for that Chinese investment . Do you think there 's enough around to go for everyone , or do you feel that it is a competitive environment right now ? AV : We do our best . Of course there is competition , that 's something very normal between countries and Serbia is not afraid of competition . From Serbia you have a very open market of one billion people , which means that we have free trade agreements with the European Union , and on the other hand we have free trade agreements with Russia , Belarus and Kazakhstan , as well as Turkey . We also have a very good relationship with many Asian countries , including China and Japan , and I think we still have many ties in the non-alignment movement . As former Yugoslavia , we were founders of the non-alignment movement and I think that many investors should come to Serbia to use our unique position . Also , we have very competitive labor costs , very high-skilled labor , and very educated and knowledgeable people . CNN : One of those important reforms is your anti-corruption pledge . What is the situation now ? AV : There is no problem with political will . There are no protected persons , there are no protected tycoons , protected politicians . The problem is that we still have an old system where people can work on each case for years , not to say for decades ... and that 's something that will have to change . CNN : Turning to EU membership , is 2020 the year that you 'll be able to fulfill all of Serbia 's requirements to gain membership ? AV : If you ask me whether I do hope for my country to become a new member state , yes I do . But it 's not something that I would like to promise to my people to gain some more political points and then not to deliver . What we can promise to our people is our deliverance -- to finish all the needed reforms to create a sustainable and great business environment in this country , a very good investment climate ... that will have a growth rate in 2016 and 2017 that we will be able to boast with . CNN : I want to ask you , will you categorically recognize Kosovo without any caveats , if that 's the condition for EU membership ? AV : I 've never heard of that condition . To say you have to recognize Kosovo as an independent state ... would be the kind of condition that would be saying or conveying a message to Serbia , "  OK , we do not expect you in the European Union very soon . "	Serbia hosted the Third Meeting of Heads of Government of China and Central and Eastern Europe this week CNN 's Paula Newton interviewed the Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic ahead of the summit
CNNGo  -- Such is the evolution of in-flight entertainment that travelers can now fulfill their own needs on flights . One-flick-suits-all journeys are relics of the past . But what exactly is that person watching next to you ? And why are they getting so excited ? And now why are they crying ? Orgasms and tears are on the menu for some airplane movie watchers , it seems -- but they arrive with warnings . Qantas has taken in-flight entertainment to dizzying heights by including among its offerings a 50-minute French documentary "  The Female Orgasm Explained , " which comes inclusive of naked scenes and reveals the mysteries of female sexual pleasure , according to The Sydney Morning Herald . The documentary is part of the airline 's "  The Edge " channel , which gives new meaning to videos on demand . CNNGo : World 's sexiest accents "  With The Edge , we source programs that are out of the ordinary across all genres , " Qantas said in a statement . "  The Female Orgasm Explained " runs until November . It does come with a warning that the film is for mature audiences only . For crying out loud While Qantas is warning about sexually explicit material , Virgin Atlantic is giving warnings on a different topic : tears . The Australian reports that Richard Branson 's airline surveyed travelers and found that 55 percent had heightened emotions during flight -- funny , that . What 's more , 40 percent of men hid under their blankets to hide their tears .  What are Qantas travelers doing under that blanket ? The stories most likely to jerk the tears of those surveyed by Virgin were "  Toy Story 3 , " "  Blind Side " and "  Eat Pray Love . " Oh , cherub , would you like a handkerchief ? CNNGo : The world 's most expensive city is ... The first two films to carry the new Virgin Atlantic tear warnings will be "  Water for Elephants " and "  Just Go With It . " The warnings will flash on passengers ' screens . So it seems crying and female orgasms require warnings . Laughter remains without warnings -- maybe because passengers can do it above their blankets ?  2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Qantas offers a documentary on female orgasm as part of its in-flight entertainment The airline warns the documentary is for mature audiences Tearjerker movies are labeled as such on Virgin Atlantic
CNN  -- Tyler Sampson , a middle-schooler from Frisco , Texas , does n't let his differences get in the way of his dream . The seventh grader was born with only half of his right arm , but he still excels on the football field . This week , he was part of a different kind of victory . His story was included in the NFL 's "  Together We Make Football " contest , which highlighted inspiring , heartwarming and empowering stories from football fans around the country . Sampson and his parents had no idea that when a camera crew came to film a pep rally at his school , it meant he had won . Standing in the middle of his school 's gymnasium , Sampson was surprised by his favorite player , DeMarcus Ware . Ware had another surprise , too -- tickets to this year 's Super Bowl . Ware has been an inspiration to Sampson since they met in a grocery store a few years ago . Ware had taken a moment to encourage Sampson to follow his dreams of playing football . Four other special football fans also won the grand prize , including Lee Krost , who is the quarterback of a flag football team at age 75 . Krost received his prize from Joe Namath .	Texas middle-school student among the winners of an NFL contest Tyler Sampson received tickets to the Super Bowl from Dallas Cowboys ' DeMarcus Ware A 75-year-old flag football quarterback gets his tickets from legend Joe Namath
Guys , I think he means it . With no clear frontrunner or obvious "  next-in-line " candidate in the field of potential 2016 GOP presidential contenders , Mitt Romney keeps getting asked if he 's thinking about throwing his hat in the ring one more time . But it 's not entirely a far-fetched question . A poll of New Hampshire Republicans and independents who lean that way found that Romney would be the 2016 frontrunner if he decided to run . The 2012 GOP nominee has done little to stay out of the limelight , especially this year , as he gets involved in numerous races -- including GOP primaries -- and keeps up a fairly regular routine of media appearances . He has assumed a sort of party elder role , and just finished hosting close to 300 major donors and politicians at his third annual Park City retreat . He was asked as recently as last week on "  Meet the Press " if he would still turn down another presidential bid -- even if drafted . The former Massachusetts governor has been accused of flip-flopping in the past , but he 's been pretty consistent on his future : He 's a "  no . " 1 . "  I 'm not running , and talk of a draft is kind of silly . " -- June 15 , 2014 , on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " 2 . "  I 'm far from a kingmaker . I 'm just one of those that wants to keep the conversation going and fighting for things I think will make a difference for my 22 grandkids ... I 'm not running . " -- June 13 , 2014 , on Fox "  Your World with Neil Cavuto " 3 . "  The unavailable is always the most attractive , right ? That goes in dating as well . " -- June 13 , 2014 , to The Associated Press 4 . "  I 'm thinking about the people who I want to see running for president . ... I fully anticipate that I 'll be supporting one of them very vigorously . " -- March 23 , 2014 , on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " 5 . "  I 'm not running for president . We 've got some very good people who are considering the race . And I 'm looking forward to supporting someone who I think will have the best shot of defeating whoever it is the Democrats put up . " -- February 16 , 2014 , on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " 6 . "  The answer is no , I 'm not running for president in 2016 . It 's time for someone else to take that responsibility and I 'll be supporting our nominee . " -- February 5 , 2014 , on CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " 7 . "  I 've had my turn , I gave it two good shots , did n't win and now it 's time for someone else to do it . I 'm not running for president . I made that clear the morning after the last loss . " -- February 5 , 2014 , on CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " 8 . "  Oh , no , no , no . No , no , no , no , no . No , no , no . " -- January 18 , 2014 , to the New York Times 9 . "  I loved it . But look , I want to make sure that we take the country in a different direction . I think that Chris Christie and Paul Ryan and Jeb Bush and Scott Walker , and the list goes on , have a much better chance of doing that , and so I will support one of them as they become the nominee . " -- January 18 , 2014 , to the New York Times 10 . "  You know it was a fabulous experience , I loved it . But we 're not doing that again . " -- November 15 , 2013 , on CBS ' "  This Morning " 11 . "  I 'm optimistic a Republican is going to win in 2016 . But I 'm not going to be that guy . It will be somebody else that takes ... that mantle . And more power to them . I hope I can help them in some way . " -- June 2013 , to CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger 12 . "  I wo n't get a third chance . I 'm not doing it again . ... I 'm not running for office . I do n't have a big organization that 's out speaking in my behalf . " -- March 3 , 2013 , on "  Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace " Oh , and Ann Romney is done , too . "  I think I 'm over it . Life is good . Life moves on . There 's woulda-coulda-shouldas , of course , that you feel all the time . But no , our life is wonderful and I 'm very happy right now , in a good place . " -- January 31 , 2014 , on Fox News with Bill Hemmer	Mitt Romney said after losing 2012 presidential race that he was done Recent poll shows that he would top 2016 GOP candidates , at least in New Hampshire Romney has consistently said no -- in different ways -- to questions about another run
Castalia , Ohio  CNN  -- Mona Rutger got the call in October : A bald eagle was flopping around on an airport runway after it had been clipped by a private jet . Unfortunately , it 's something she sees all too often , with all types of wild animals . "  Everyone says , ` Let nature take its course , ' " said Rutger , a certified wildlife rehabilitator . "  But 90 % of these animals ' injuries are human-related . That 's not nature . It 's us . " Rutger sent a team to collect the injured bird and bring it to her rehabilitation center in Castalia , Ohio , where it was stabilized and then taken to a veterinarian . The eagle had three pins placed in its wing and is now building up its strength and agility with the help of Rutger and her nonprofit , Back to the Wild . Since 1990 , Rutger says , she has rescued more than 42,000 injured , orphaned and displaced animals . About 60 % of them have recovered sufficiently to be released back into their natural habitats . "  Each animal that we help can somehow make a difference . ... Each animal has a role to play in the food chain , " Rutger said . "  If just one link breaks , the whole chain falls apart . " Rutger became a licensed wildlife rehabilitator more than 20 years ago when she realized that no one in her area was legally able to care for injured wildlife . She took it on in addition to her full-time secretarial job , envisioning that it would be a hobby of sorts that she 'd run from her backyard . "  I thought , well , I 'd do it on the side and get 20 to 30 animals a year , " she said . "  But once people found out there was somebody in the area licensed , the phone never stopped ringing . " Her backyard sanctuary now runs 24 hours a day , seven days a week , and her group rescues more than 2,500 animals a year . The group has seen all sorts of wounded wildlife , including birds injured by power lines , turtles hit by trucks and bobcats declawed by people wanting to make them pets . Pelican , gull freed from beer can collars are recovering The sanctuary has an impressive maze of state-of-the-art enclosures and aviaries , and it also includes an indoor education center where tens of thousands of people a year -- most of them schoolchildren -- learn about living in harmony with the natural world . Since Rutger started doing this work , more than 1 million people have visited her facility . "  We 're counting on the children , our future adults , to do a better job taking care of the planet than we have in the past , " Rutger said . "  I desperately want them to feel the excitement and the thrill that I find every single day in nature . And I know that they do n't  often  get that chance . " Many of the animals at Rutger 's sanctuary have physical limitations that are too great for them to live out in the wild , so they live permanently at the sanctuary and participate in its daily education programs . "  These powerful ambassadors can do more for wildlife than I can do without them , " Rutger said . "  So even though this is sad that we are unable to release them , we feel that they have a new job , a new role . "  But we explain to  visitors  we are a hospital for wildlife , not a petting zoo . ... And we do n't give  the animals  names , because they do n't belong to us . They belong to the wild . " When possible , Rutger tries to save more permanently disabled animals by finding them "  educational jobs " at other local zoos , reserves and nature centers . If this ca n't be done , then the animals must be humanely euthanized under Ohio 's wildlife regulations . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Rutger 's organization depends entirely on private donations . She and her husband have poured their life savings into the endeavor , even refinancing their home to continue the work . "  We have animals come in all hours of the night , " Rutger said . "  It can be draining . It can be exhausting . ... But I do n't feel that it 's really work , you know ? I 'm doing something I love . " While the rehabilitation center is full of reminders about humanity 's carelessness , Rutger 's overarching message is lined with optimism . During the summer months , the sanctuary hosts free camps for underprivileged children who are unlikely to be exposed to nature where they live . The center also voluntarily participates in expensive research protocols when local animal populations are threatened by disease . "  The children and adults that leave here do n't feel like it 's too late . We want them to have hope for the future , " she said . "  There 's many species improving and coming back , and it 's because humans have gotten involved and done positive things . " Survival of injured baby golden eagle called ` amazing ' The bird injured on the runway last year is one of eight bald eagles at Rutger 's center . She hopes it will be able to fly by the end of the year . "  We feel pretty confident that she 's doing very well , " Rutger said . "  We want to keep her exercising and hope every day she gets a little stronger , until she has enough stamina and ability to survive in the wild . " Rutger said that when the time comes , she plans to share the thrilling moment with the community . "  Goosebumps just go from your head to toe when that eagle or hawk or owl flies from your hand and you know that it does n't have to live in a cage tonight , " she said . "  I 've done it thousands upon thousands of times , and it never gets old . It is still the most exciting , exhilarating experience I can share . Gets me every time . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Back to the Wild website at www.backtothewild.com and see how to help .	Mona Rutger and her group are rehabilitating injured animals so they can get back into the wild She says she has rescued more than 42,000 injured , orphaned and displaced animals Human-related causes are most commonly to blame , Rutger says Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Federal biologists said Friday they had signed off on a plan aimed at providing relief to the drought-parched Southeast , under which more water will be retained in Georgia instead of being released into Florida . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service expedited its study of an interim drought plan submitted two weeks ago by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , and concluded that freshwater mussels and sturgeon -- kept alive by water from Georgia 's Chattahoochee watershed under federal law -- will not be placed in jeopardy under the plan . However , there will be some effects , and some members of the species probably will die , Sam Hamilton , Southeast regional director for the Fish and Wildlife Service , told reporters . Under the plan , the amount of water released from the Jim Woodruff Dam in Chattahoochee , Florida , will be gradually decreased . That process had already begun Friday , said Brig. Gen. Joseph Schroedel , South Atlantic Division commander for the Corps of Engineers . A similar plan will be put into effect on the Alabama River , at a point south of Montgomery , Alabama , officials said . Last month , Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue declared a water supply emergency in north Georgia , and asked a court to require the Corps of Engineers to restrict water flows from Lake Lanier -- the main source of Atlanta 's water -- and other reservoirs . He blasted what he said were "  silly rules , " noting that even if Georgia gets rain , it can not conserve water because it must release 3.2 billion gallons a day downstream . Alabama , Georgia and Florida have been wrangling over water usage from two river basins -- the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa  ACT  and the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint  ACF  -- for years . Meanwhile , the population of metropolitan Atlanta has doubled to more than 5 million since 1980 . Lake Lanier is at the headwaters of the ACF system , so cutting the flow of water from the Woodruff Dam will mean less water will need to be released from Lake Lanier . See why the three states are struggling over the water " Rainfall in north Georgia , including the Atlanta metropolitan area , is more than a foot below normal levels for this time of year , following a series of drier-than-normal years . Georgia has imposed a mandatory ban on outdoor water use by homeowners in the region . Two weeks ago , Perdue met with federal officials , Alabama Gov. Bob Riley and Florida Gov. Charlie Crist to discuss a drought plan , and the plan approved Friday by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service was announced . In light of the negotiations , Perdue has dropped his lawsuit against the corps . Florida 's governor has voiced some concerns about the recommendations from the November 1 meeting . Jim Connaughton , chairman of the U.S. Council on Environmental Quality , told reporters Friday that negotiations continue to work through some of the issues facing Florida , but some concerns , "  at least with respect to the near term , " have been addressed . Asked whether he thinks Crist would sue over the matter , Connaughton said governors of the three states have committed to finding a solution for future years if the drought persists . The governors will meet December 11 and 12 in Tallahassee , Florida , to continue negotiations , U.S. Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne said Friday . "  We 're in an extreme situation ... but you see , at this point , some two weeks after sitting down and going through a number of these things , some real progress has been made . " The plan also provides for increasing water storage , officials said . "  If the corps does not hold back some water now , and if extreme drought conditions continue , it is possible there may not be enough water in storage next summer to meet the needs of users , " the corps said in a statement . In signing off on the drought plan , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service only examined possible effects on species listed on the federal endangered list , Hamilton said , so the revised plan 's effect on oysters , shrimp and other species in Florida 's Apalachicola Bay is unknown , although it will be studied . Connaughton , however , noted that the plan is only temporary , until the Southeast receives some much-needed rain . See which parts of U.S. face worst drought " Crist , for his part , said in a written statement Friday that the state "  will continue to focus on the needs of the people who depend on a healthy Apalachicola Bay . " He said that while he is "  disappointed " that Georgia 's initial request to reduce releases from Woodruff Dam was extended , the corps has promised Florida it will regularly evaluate the environmental effects on the bay . Schroedel disputed reports that have said Lake Lanier only has a finite number of days left for Atlanta 's water supply , saying the lake has not reached its record low . "  It does n't look that pretty , but there 's still a lot of water there , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Fish and Wildlife Service : Plan has limited effect on mussels , sturgeon downstream Plan gradually cuts amount of water released from dam in Chattahoochee , Florida Plan is only temporary , until the Southeast gets some much-needed rain U.S. official : Georgia , Florida , Alabama governors also want long-term solution
Washington  CNN  -- In a change of policy , U.S. Marines are now allowed to wear bracelets in memory of fallen comrades . The metal or rubber bracelets can honor "  prisoners of war , missing in action , killed in action , and those who died of wounds or injuries sustained in a combat theater , " the Marine Corps said in a statement Tuesday . Some Marines had been wearing the bracelets -- which list names of those killed in Afghanistan , Iraq or other zones -- despite their not being permitted by regulations . There had been questions about enforcement of the policy . The decision came out of a symposium last week at which the issue was discussed by the Marine commandant , Gen. James F. Amos , and his senior officers , the statement said . "  We are acknowledging the close personal nature of our 10 years at war and the strong bonds of fidelity that Marines have for one another , especially for those fellow Marines who we have lost , " Amos said in the release . Amos on Monday met Marines who had returned to the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center at Twentynine Palms , California , from Afghanistan . He noticed bracelets and received "  positive feedback " on the wearing of the them , said Maj. Stewart T. Upton , a Marine spokesman . About 360 members of the 3rd Battalion , 4th Marines , were welcomed home . They had five comrades killed during their seven-month deployment in Helmand Province , said center spokesman Capt. Nicholas Mannweiler . "  They are typically providing security , " said Mannweiler . "  They made a lot of improvements . " The captain said the policy decision on the bracelets signified "  we get why you 're wearing it and it 's blessed . " Guidance on "  standardization and uniformity " will be distributed to Marines by the end of next week , the Corps said . Marines had been permitted to wear the long-familiar POW/MIA bracelets since 1972 , during the Vietnam War , Upton said .	Corps permits Marines to wear bands in honor of absent comrades Commandant : "  We are acknowledging ... the strong bonds " among Marines Troops previously were allowed to wear POW/MIA bracelets
CNN  -- Over the past few days we 've heard a lot of criticism directed at the National Football League after the arrest of a Dallas Cowboy player on an intoxication manslaughter charge . And justifiably so : A 25-year-old father-to-be who was riding in the player 's car is dead . But we ca n't fall into the trap of making this conversation all about the NFL or even professional athletes . Doing that is a cop-out . Legendary country singer Randy Travis was arrested this year on a driving while intoxicated charge . South Carolina state Rep. Ted Vick was arrested this year on a charge of drunken driving . Florida 's Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office said Joshua Postorino , a Georgia Tech assistant basketball coach , was "  swerving all over the road " before being arrested last week on a driving under the influence charge . We can try to make this conversation about NFL players -- but of the nearly 2,000 men who suit up per season , 14 DUI arrests are made , according to USA Today . That equates to a .7 % percent rate . The rate for men in the general population ages 20 to 29 , the age bracket of most NFL players , is twice that . Meanwhile , men 21 to 34 are responsible for 42 % of all DUI deaths . Read more : Dallas Cowboys players involved in fatal crash were ` like brothers ' This issue is n't about football players . The MetLife Stadium does n't stop serving alcohol at the beginning of the third quarter because officials are afraid the players are going to try to drive home drunk . If we want to use this tragedy in Dallas to talk about DUIs , then perhaps we need to be more focused on the men who watch the games , not play them . The stats suggest the average guy probably does n't need to go the full six degrees of separation before finding a connection with another guy who got behind the wheel of a car when he should n't have . When I look back at my 20s , I know I 've been lucky more than once , and I thank God that his grace covered me when my pride put me -- and others -- in harm 's way . Too proud to say I 've had too much to drink because men are supposed to be able to handle our liquor . Too proud to say I need a ride home , because that would be asking for help -- and men do n't like to do that . Too proud to admit I might 've been out of control , even though being out of control is the main side effect of excessive drinking . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says men are much more likely than women to drink excessively and drive at high speeds . Men average about 12.5 binge drinking episodes a year ; Women average 2.7 . And yet we want to make this entire conversation about sports , when this is no more a sports story than a rerun of "  Sex and the City . " Last year Alan Hale , a state representative and bar owner from Montana , got on the House floor and advocated for a repeal of all DUI laws because they hurt small businesses and "  they 're destroying a way of life . " FYI : There is no professional sports team in Montana . Our culture promotes a casual attitude about intoxication -- from "  The Hangover " to Jamie Foxx 's Grammy-winning "  Blame It " -- and then gets all pious when something bad happens because of alcohol . If we want to have a grownup conversation about DUIs , that 's where it should start : Otherwise we 're just sucking up oxygen . Does this mean the NFL should ignore drunken driving arrests of its players ? Of course not . But the CDC says adults got behind the wheel drunk an estimated 112 million times in 2010 -- nearly 300,000 times a day -- and that 81 % of all drunken drivers are men . So whatever thoughts we may be harboring about athletes who drink and drive , it would be wise to extend those feelings far beyond the realm of sports . Nearly 11,000 people are killed each year because of alcohol-impaired driving . But since 1998 , there have only been three NFL players who have been suspected of having killed someone because of driving drunk . You can do the rest of the math from there . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : NFL slammed after player 's arrest on intoxication manslaughter charge But drunken driving is not an NFL issue , he says , since it happens in all walks of life Granderson : General population , mostly young men , have much higher rate than NFL We need to talk about the culture that promotes excessive drinking , he says
Loganville , Georgia  CNN  -- This is not a movie . There 's no dramatic music in the background . A happy ending , far from a guarantee . The concern in Donnie Herman 's voice was clear as day . So was his stress . With two telephones to his ear , he listened to his wife , Melinda , as she fled into an attic of their Loganville home . With her : Her two 9-year-old children and a loaded .38 revolver . In the house : An intruder with a crowbar . On another line was the 911 operator Donnie Herman had called for help . Herman 's words to his wife , as he sat helplessly , an hour away from the home , were recorded . "  Stay in the attic , " he instructed her , calmly . "  He 's in the bedroom , " she told him . He repeated the words to the 911 operator . "  Shh . Relax , " Herman said , trying to calm his wife . Then he instructed her to do what was fast becoming a realistic possibility . "  Melinda -- if he opens up the door , you shoot him ! You understand ? " What happened next has made the Hermans the new faces of the right to bear arms . Melinda Herman fired a six-shot revolver at the intruder , hitting him five times , in his torso and in his face . Surprisingly , he managed to flee . Opinion : The case for gun rights is stronger than you think Gun rights groups say this shows that law-abiding citizens should be allowed to buy their weapon of choice and as big a magazine or ammunition clip as they like . They remind people that Melinda Herman had only a six-shot revolver . "  It 's a good thing she was n't facing more attackers . Otherwise she would have been in trouble and she would have run out of ammunition , " said Erich Pratt , director of communications for the Gun Owners of America . "  She shot him five times and he still did n't drop . This is going to endanger people 's safety . " The right of self-protection has been thrust into the forefront in a national debate after last month 's Newtown , Connecticut , tragedy . This week , a federal task force led by Vice President Joe Biden is holding talks with private industry groups , the NRA , and legislators -- all to determine the correct balance between the right to self-protection and preventing further mass shootings . Meanwhile , Americans are flocking to gun shops to buy guns and ammunition in record numbers -- partly due to Newtown and partly due to their fears that the rules are about to change on what they can legally own . The FBI said it conducted almost 2.8 million checks for gun purchases in December , a record high for a month . Donnie and Melinda Herman own two guns for protection at home , but until two weeks ago , she had never fired a gun . Her husband told sheriff 's department investigator 's that he took her shooting so that she 'd be familiar with the family 's guns if she ever had to use one . Now , clutching the .38 revolver , Melinda Herman was in the middle of a heart-pounding crisis inside her own home . She had already locked multiple doors before she and her children took refuge in an adjacent-room attic -- the kind with a small door that you have to bend down to go through . The intruder had used the crowbar to break through the front door and then two other doors upstairs , and she could hear him coming closer and closer . On the phone , Donnie Herman calmly instructed his wife about the use of the weapon she had practiced on . "  Remember everything I showed you . Everything I taught you , " he told her , and he reassured her that help was on the way . Then it happened . "  She shot him . She 's shooting him . She 's shooting him . She 's shooting him . She 's shooting him . ... Shoot him again ! Shoot him ! " Donnie Herman said as the 911 dispatcher listened . He then lost phone contact with his wife and children . His anguish and the pain of not knowing what had happened may be etched in his mind for eternity . But they were safe . He learned later that his wife fired all six shots , and hit the intruder with all but one bullet . Parents defend right to keep guns in the home Not realizing she was out of ammunition , she ordered the man to stay on the floor as he bled . She then fled the house with her children . Walton County Sheriff Joe Chapman -- whose office responded to the shooting at the Hermans ' home -- said he believes the mother and her two children were in a life-and-death situation and she had no choice but to exercise her constitutional right to self-defense . "  Had it not turned out the way that it did , I would possibly be working a triple homicide , not having a clue as to who it is we 're looking for , " he told CNN . Despite being shot five times , the suspect , identified as Paul Ali Slater , still managed to get back into his SUV , but he drove off the road and crashed a short distance away . He remains hospitalized . Due to privacy laws , the hospital can not divulge any information on his condition . But the controversy continues . Home gun ownership and self-defense will always be controversial . The Hermans ' story of self-defense is being used by the National Rifle Association and the Gun Owners of America to make their point to the White House and Congress about gun ownership . But Donnie Herman has told people he 's not interested in being a poster boy for anyone . He has not yet responded to CNN 's request for an interview with him and his wife . "  My wife is a hero . She protected her kids . She did what she was supposed to do as a responsible parent and gun owner , " Herman told CNN affiliate WSB . Yet it 's unclear whether the benefits of having a loaded and readily available gun in one 's home outweigh the drawbacks . "  It 's more common for an armed homeowner in the United States to be a victim of suicide , homicide , assault or an accidental shooting than it is for that person to shoot an intruder , " according to Dr. Arthur Kellermann , a senior health policy analyst at Rand Corporation , a non-partisan think tank . Kellermann led research for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the 1990s which found that people who have guns in their homes are nearly three times more likely to be a victim of homicide and nearly five times more likely to commit suicide . Experts also say that simply having a gun for self-protection does not guarantee safety . They say the fear is that many people will take part in what might be considered a feeding frenzy by purchasing a gun , but not learn how to properly use it . Sheriff Chapman holds courses for homeowners who want to learn how to safely and properly use a weapon . "  Be proficient with it . Be taught how to use it . Train with it , " he said . "  I often tell people , ` If you do n't think that you have what it takes to take a human life then do n't bother buying one . Do n't waste your money . Do n't waste your time , " he told CNN . "  Do n't put it in a drawer and think that 's the answer to everything , because it is n't . " CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report	Last week , Melinda Herman shot an intruder in her Georgia home She had learned to shoot only two weeks before Her story has gained the attention of gun rights groups
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama is saddled with a potentially toxic image problem : that he has an elitist attitude . Sen. Barack Obama mingles at the Penn State dairy farm . It has made him a target of attacks from Democratic rival Sen. Hillary Clinton and Sen. John McCain , the presumed Republican nominee . It 's ironic that one presidential candidate could hang that label on another , said Dr. Drew Westen , professor of psychology and psychiatry at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , and author of "  The Political Brain . " "  If you think you should be president , by definition you are an elitist , only because you believe that of the 300 million people in America , you are the best person to run it , " he said . "  There ca n't be a more elitist statement than that . " Obama 's opponents made the elitist charge after the senator from Illinois said some small-town Pennsylvanians are understandably "  bitter " over the government 's failure to reverse their economic decline and , in their frustration , "  cling to guns and religion . " He made the statement at a recent fundraiser in San Francisco , California . Watch how Obama is fighting the elitist label " Obama defended his remarks but said he could have worded them better . Clinton said his comments were "  elitist , out of touch and frankly , patronizing . " McCain agreed that the remarks were "  elitist . " Branding a rival elitist is not new in politics . Republicans for years have successfully labeled Democratic presidential candidates as the liberal elite . Portraying their rivals as latte-sipping , sushi-eating insiders , Republicans have connected with some voters by arguing that they understand the values important to the everyday person . "  It 's a little like when politicians charge politicians with being politicians . It has the same feel to it : that if it sticks , it 's because a candidate has n't handled it well , " Westen said . Republicans painted George W. Bush 's Democratic opponents Al Gore in 2000 and John Kerry in 2004 as elitists who were detached from average Americans , and the strategy worked . How damaging the blow is , Westen said , depends on the target 's response . "  The mistake that Kerry and Gore both made was to let that brand stick to them , " he said . "  The only question is whether Obama fights it back and offers a different brand for himself than the brand that is starting to be given to him . " By definition , all the candidates exhibit the aura of elitism , because it 's difficult to get a presidential campaign started without some degree of personal wealth . It 's ironic , Westen said , that of the three standing , the only one who is n't demonstrably wealthy is Obama . Since leaving the White House , the Clintons have earned more than $ 109 million from book sales , speaking engagements , the presidential pension and her Senate salary , among other sources . McCain , whose father and grandfather were Navy admirals , married into wealth . His second wife , Cindy , has a stake in her father 's multimillion-dollar beer distributor company . The Associated Press estimated her worth at more than $ 100 million . Whatever their current financial status , the candidates all like to convey the impression that they are not much different than the people they are trying to persuade to vote for them . Obama , 46 , who graduated from Columbia University and received a law degree from Harvard , often mentions growing up in a single-parent home . He says he and his wife just paid off their school loans in the past five or six years . "  I was n't born into a lot of money . I did n't have a trust fund . I was n't born into fame and fortune . I was raised by a single mother with the help of my grandparents , " he said . "  My mother had to use food stamps at one point . " Clinton , who has been reaching out to blue-collar voters with stories of how she learned to shoot a gun in Pennsylvania and photo ops hoisting a shot and a beer , often talks about her middle-class upbringing . Clinton , 60 , went to Wellesley College before attending law school at Yale . After graduation , she advocated for women and children 's rights and became a staff attorney for the Children 's Defense Fund . She later became a partner in a law firm and was twice listed as one of the 100 most influential lawyers in the country . The senator from New York frequently touts her 35 years of public service , including eight as first lady . McCain spent a week traveling around on a "  get-to-know-me " tour . He talked about how he was a rambunctious child with a chip on his shoulder . McCain , 71 , went to the United States Naval Academy and frequently jokes about finishing at the bottom of his class . After graduation , he spent 22 years as a naval pilot . He was shot down on a bombing mission and spent five years as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam . He retired from the Navy in 1981 and , living in Arizona , became a member of the House the next year . He was elected to the Senate in 1986 and is serving his fourth term . Dr. James Twitchell , an author , University of Florida English professor and commentator on American culture , said the whole elitism back-and-forth is "  self-serving nonsense , " pointing specifically to the similarities in the Democratic contenders ' stories . "  Both senators are members of one of the more elite clubs -LSB- the Senate -RSB- , attended the elite schools -LSB- Harvard , Yale -RSB- and are out for one of the most elite jobs , " he said . As the candidates get closer to the White House , they get farther away from "  normal life . " They fight to show they still share the average American 's values , visiting bowling alleys , diners and schools along the way . "  I do think it speaks to one of the conflicts that Americans have about their leaders , which is we want them to be like us , and we want them to be above us at the same time , " Westen said . "  The issue comes down to two things . One is , do you let your opponent brand you as elite , in which case you are in a lot of trouble in American politics ? And the second is , do you convey clearly to people that you understand them and the world they live in and the problems they face ? " he said . "  In the case of Barack Obama , my guess is , this is n't going to stick terribly well because he does such a good job of connecting with people that the elitist charge is going to be a harder one to make people feel . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Candy Crowley contributed to this report .	Barack Obama 's rivals have accused him of having an elitist attitude Presidential candidates are elite by definition , says author Drew Westen Charge of elitism is not new in politics The toxicity of the charge depends on how it 's handled , Westen says
It 's always a question : Will the Academy Awards telecast feature performances of the Original Song nominees ? Sometimes the answer is no , but this time ... it 's looking like a yes . Producers have indicated the frontrunner in that category , Adele 's massively popular theme to the James Bond thriller Skyfall , will be performed live during the Feb. 24 ceremony . While the other nominees were n't mentioned in the announcement , it 's unlikely one nominee will be allowed to perform unless the other contenders are welcome too -- especially since one of them is written by Oscar host Seth MacFarlane and another could be performed by Hugh Jackman . Academy Awards producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron confirmed Adele 's participation this morning : "  She is currently one of the most successful recording artists in the world , and we believe that her performance of Skyfall will be an exciting Oscar moment for audiences watching at the Dolby Theatre and on television screens around the world . " EW special coverage : Oscars 2013 The song is the first 007 theme to be nominated for an Oscar since 1981  s For Your Eyes Only . Previous Bond movies to have song nominees are 1977  s The Spy Who Loved Me and 1973  s Live and Let Die , although none has ever won . This ceremony will feature a special tribute to James Bond , as part of the super-spy film series ' 50th anniversary , and Skyfall also has four other nominations : cinematography , score , sound editing , and sound mixing . The Oscars will mark the first time Adele , who co-wrote the Skyfall theme with collaborator Paul Epworth , has ever performed the song live . "  It 's an honour to be nominated and terrifyingly wonderful to be singing in front of people who have captured my imagination over and over again , " Adele said in a statement . "  It 's something I 've never experienced and probably only ever will once ! " Although MacFarlane is nominated as one of the co-writers of Everybody Needs a Friend from Ted , it was performed by Norah Jones -- another potential draw for audiences . And Suddenly , the new song added to the musical Les Miserables , was performed by Jackman , who has a Best Actor nomination for the role , as well as a history of turning up on the Academy Awards stage . Oscars : 15 snubs that bugged you Best Original Song Nominees :  Before My Time from Chasing Ice , music and lyric by J. Ralph  Everybody Needs A Best Friend from Ted , music by Walter Murphy ; lyric by Seth MacFarlane  Pi 's Lullaby from Life of Pi , music by Mychael Danna ; lyric by Bombay Jayashri  Skyfall from Skyfall , music and lyric by Adele Adkins and Paul Epworth  Suddenly from Les Misrables , music by Claude-Michel Schnberg ; lyric by Herbert Kretzmer and Alain Boublil See original story at EW.com .	Adele 's Bond theme appears to be the front runner for an original song Oscar Producers have confirmed that she will perform Oscars ceremony will feature a special Bond tribute
CNN  -- A Muslim woman and the Michigan chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations sued a judge Wednesday for allegedly ordering the woman to remove her hijab , or religious head covering , in court . Raneen Albaghdady , of Wayne County , Michigan , contends that Judge William Callahan told her to remove her hijab on June 16 when she was petitioning for a name change , according to the lawsuit , which was filed Wednesday in a U.S. district court in Michigan . Wayne County is also listed as a defendant in the suit . Callahan and the 3rd Circuit Court of Michigan said in a written statement that they had not seen the complaint and could not comment on the lawsuit . However , they said that Albaghdady did not object to removing her head covering and that she had not informed the judge that she wore it for religious reasons . The lawsuit says Callahan "  insisted " that Albaghdady , a naturalized citizen , remove her hijab and that she eventually complied . It says the judge denied Albaghdady 's petition for a name change , saying that she had filed her petition five days too early . No further details were offered . The lawsuit seeks an order declaring the practice of "  forcing Muslim women to remove their hijab as a precondition to appearing in court " unconstitutional and illegal . It asks that the judge and Wayne County not be allowed to "  take similar unconstitutional actions . " The Michigan Islamic relations council released a partial video of the incident Tuesday on YouTube . In the 30-second video , the judge can be heard saying , "  The head piece ? No hats allowed in the courtroom . " The statement from Callahan and the 3rd Circuit said that the YouTube video was "  missing some critical footage . " "  In response to Judge Callahan 's direction , ` No hats allowed in the courtroom , ' Ms. Albaghdady responded , "  Okay , it does n't matter , ' and immediately removed her head covering , without protest or explanation , " the statement said . "  Judge Callahan and the court have the greatest respect for spiritual practices and all religious preferences . Had he been informed that the head covering had some religious significance , the judge would have permitted Ms. Albaghdady to continue wearing it in court , " it said . The suit comes a day after the state 's Supreme Court issued an order allowing lower state courts to "  exercise reasonable control " over the appearance of witnesses and parties to lawsuits , a rule change that had been proposed after a Muslim woman refused to remove an Islamic garment in a small claims court . The order allows courts "  reasonable control over the appearance of parties and witnesses " so as to "  ensure that the demeanor of such persons may be observed and assessed by the fact-finder and ensure the accurate identification of such person . " The order , which amends a rule of the Michigan Rules of Evidence , is effective September 1 . The justices had voted earlier this summer to change it . The amendment was prompted by a 2006 small claims case in Michigan filed by Ginnah Muhammad , who wore a niqab -- a garment that covers the entire face and head , except for the eyes -- to court , the order said . The judge asked her to remove her niqab , saying he needed to be able to see her face to tell whether she was telling the truth , according to court documents . Muhammad refused , saying she was a practicing Muslim and would take off the veil only in front of a female judge . The judge said a female judge was not available and told Muhammad she could remove the niqab or have her case dismissed . She chose the latter , according to court documents . She sued the judge in federal district court , which declined to exercise jurisdiction over the case . Muhammad has since appealed to the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , according to court documents . Michigan is home to about 600,000 Muslims , and close to 500,000 live in the southeastern part of the state , according to the Michigan office of the American-Islamic relations council . The Detroit area , in Wayne County , ranks fifth nationwide for the number of Muslims , it said . Last month , the Judicial Council of Georgia adopted a policy allowing religious head coverings in the state 's courtrooms . Daniel Mach , the director of litigation for the American Civil Liberties Union 's Program on Freedom of Religion and Belief , said Wednesday the issue has "  come up in a variety of states . " "  We are concerned about the growing number of incidents restricting religious expression in the courtroom , " he said . " ... This is an issue that affects a variety of religious faiths and others . "	Lawsuit claims naturalized citizen was forced to remove religious head covering American-Islamic relations group seeks order declaring the action unconstitutional Judge : Woman did n't protest , never said it was a religious garment
CNN  Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign , the country 's Ministry of Public Security has announced . Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use during the nationwide campaign to "  ban drugs in hundreds of cities , " Liu Yuejin , Assistant Minister of Public Security , said Wednesday . The figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier , while the amount of narcotics seized was up by 44.9 % , according to the ministry . Liu said drug trafficking groups have "  suffered a heavy blow " and drug users have been "  forcefully regulated . " However , the police also paid a price , Liu said , in quotes carried by the state-run Xinhua news agency . Nine police officers died and another 657 were wounded in the mission , with 76 severely wounded . The ministry rewarded 60 units and 100 people . Liu said China 's drug-related problems were still severe , with online drug trafficking an increasing problem . He said the ministry had launched a three-month online campaign starting in April targeting people engaged in drug-related Internet crimes . Over the past nine months , a string of movie and television stars , film directors and pop singers have been arrested and charged over drug related incidents , including Jaycee Chan , son of kung fu movie star Jackie Chan , who was convicted on a drug charge and sentenced to six months in prison by a Beijing court . In August last year , dozens of management agencies representing actors and singers signed an agreement with Beijing authorities banning drug use from the entertainment industry and pledging to sack any artists who broke the law .	Police arrest 133,000 people and seize 43.3 tons of narcotics in a six-month period China launches a new online campaign to crack down on online drug crimes Celebrities have been embroiled in the nation 's intensifying anti-drug campaign
A former senior member of President Barack Obama 's national security team is panning the administration 's decision to rule out the use of ground troops to fight ISIS and questioning Obama 's leadership style . "  I take the position that when you 're commander in chief that you oughta keep all options on the table ... to be able to have the flexibility to do what is necessary in order to defeat the enemy , " former Defense Secretary and CIA Director Leon Panetta told CNN . "  We 're conducting airstrikes . But to make those airstrikes work , to be able to do what you had to do , you do n't -- you do n't just send planes in and drop bombs . You 've got ta have targets . You 've got ta know what you 're goin ' after . To do that , you do need people on the ground . " Panetta 's comments are a stinging rebuke of Obama at a crucial point in his administration as the President battles multiple national security threats , including ISIS , a resurgent Russia and the spread of Ebola . His memoir , "  Worthy Fights , " describes a White House that did not use its "  leverage " to try to keep a residual force in Iraq . "  Those on our side of the debate viewed the White House as so eager to rid itself of Iraq that it was willing to withdraw rather than lock in arrangements that would preserve our influence and interests , " he wrote in the book . The White House has argued it could not convince then-Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki to come to terms . But Panetta told CNN the White House did not use its power to pressure al-Maliki enough . "  What I 'm saying is that Maliki was the kind of leader that you had to constantly put pressure on to direct him in the right direction , " he said . "  We had , with Iraq -- made a commitment with regards to military assistance , F-16 fighter planes , other types of military aid , that I think if we had said , ` Look , you know , if you 're not gon na give us -- the agreement that we need to maintain our forces there , you know , we may not provide this kind of assistance . " Panetta : Should have armed Syrian rebels sooner The White House , he said , needed to do more "  to try to push him . " "  You need to threaten guys like that , who wo n't come along . And everybody knew that , " he said . "  I think what happened was -- is that because Maliki kept resisting this effort , that there was a sense that , ` Look , why should we want this more than the Iraqis want this ? ' And if they 're -- if they 're putting up a fuss about this , then -- we might as well just pick up and leave . " Panetta describes a leadership vacuum on the issue , calling it a lack of "  active advocacy " by the President on the issue . In the end , he said , "  I think the kind of push and direct involvement that I think could have had an impact simply never developed . " As to whether ISIS would be as much a threat today had a residual force been left in Iraq , he told CNN , "  I do think that if we had had a presence there , it might not have created the kind of vacuum that we saw develop in Iraq . " Panetta was aligned with much of the President 's national security team on this argument -- and on the question of arming the Syrian rebels in 2012 , which the President also resisted . "  I mean , it 's understandable , " Panetta said , explaining Obama 's argument that the weapons could get into the wrong hands . "  But at the same time , if we 're going to influence the rebel forces , if we 're gon na try to establish a moderate element to those forces , so that they can , in fact , provide leadership not only to confront  Syrian President Bashar al -  Assad , but also to help us in terms of a political transition , that it was important to provide this kind of assistance in order to have some leverage over what they -- they -- they were gon na do . " There was honest disagreement -- but then no decision . "  To a large extent it was n't that the President kind of said -- said , ` No , we should n't do it . ' The President kind of never really came to a decision as to whether or not it should happen , " Panetta said in the interview . "  I think it basically sat there for a while and then got to the point where everybody just kind of assumed that it was not gon na happen . " In the book , he described some hesitation and half-steps regarding this issue . "  I mean , it was that kind of just a hesitation to really , you know , do what needed to be done . Now , you know , do n't get me wrong , " he said . "  I think he was very strong in terms of the war on terrorism . And he made some tough decisions . But there were these decisions that basically never were confronted , that I think -- in many ways -- contributed to the problems we 're facing today . " Panetta told CNN the President is now taking appropriate , decisive action on ISIS -- albeit a bit late . "  He 's made the decision to put troops on the ground in Iraq , to try to help the -- security forces , " he said . "  He 's made the decision to -- arm and train rebel forces in Syria . And he 's made the decision to conduct air attacks . So in many ways -- he 's made the right decisions now . I think those decisions should 've been made two years ago . " The portrait Panetta sketches of Obama sometimes looks more like a professor than a President . "  He relies on the logic of his presentation , with the hope that ultimately people will embrace that logic and then do what 's right , " he said . "  You know what ? In 50 years , my experience is logic does n't work in Washington . You got ta basically go after people and make them understand what they have to do . And that means you create a war room . You go after votes . You have to push people . " Panetta described to CNN a sense the President found that work unrewarding at the very least , even distasteful . "  I think it -- it offended him that people would not really get serious and work on the issues , " he said . "  I think as a result of that , he just felt , you know , ` How -- how can I deal with people that simply wo n't -- do n't wan na do the right thing for the country ? ' Well , the reality is , if you wan na govern in this country , you have to deal with people you do n't like . " While Panetta had left the administration by 2013 , he argues that the President made a mistake by not acting when Syria used chemical weapons against its own people -- violating his own clearly drawn red line . "  I think at that point the President very clearly should 've said , ` You have crossed that red line . And we 're not gon na allow that to happen . ' And I think initially my sense was they were gon na do exactly that . But somehow they backed away from it . " The airstrikes against Syria did not happen . It 's clearly a struggle for Panetta -- who said he admires and likes the President -- to reconcile the decisive Obama who approved the raid against Osama bin Laden with the President who vacillated over Syrian airstrikes . "  A President that made the decision to go after bin Laden , and made a very gutsy decision to do that , in spite of whatever was being recommended to him , but he -- he knew that this had to be done . And I really respected that decision . I just could not have imagined him -- not making the same decision with it came to the credibility of the United States on drawing that red line in Syria . " To no one 's surprise , the White House has not warmly welcomed Panetta 's version of history . Vice President Joe Biden last week said it was "  inappropriate " for former administration officials to write books criticizing the policies of the White House . "  At least let the guy get out of office first . " Asked if Biden has a point , Panetta told CNN , "  You know , I 'm of the view that you do n't put a hold on history . History is what it is , " he said , adding , "  I recommend the President and Vice President Biden take the time to read the book . Because I think -- you know , when you read it , it 's a pretty balanced presentation of what happened . "	Panetta writes that Obama was not forceful enough to try to keep a residual force in Iraq The White House has said it could n't convince then-Prime Minister al-Maliki to agree A U.S. presence in Iraq might have prevented ISIS 's growth , Panetta said Panetta also describes a President of half-steps and hesitation when it came to Syria
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An actor who played a wannabe mobster in "  The Sopranos " was sentenced Friday to 10 years in prison for a botched burglary that left an off-duty New York police officer dead . Lillo Brancato Jr. appeared on "  The Sopranos " and played alongside Robert De Niro in "  A Bronx Tale . " The Bronx County District Attorneys Office had sought the maximum of 15 years for Lillo Brancato Jr. , who was convicted last month of attempted burglary stemming from a fatal encounter with police officer Daniel Enchautegui . Before the sentencing , Enchautegui 's sister addressed the court to deliver a victim impact statement . Enchautegui , 28 , was shot in the chest when he interrupted an alleged break-in at a neighbor 's home in the Bronx but managed to shoot both suspects multiple times before dying . Brancato was cleared in Enchautegui 's death , but his accomplice , Steven Armento , 51 , was convicted in the shooting and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . During the trial , lawyers for Brancato argued that there was not a break-in . Brancato testified that he knew the owner of the home , a Vietnam veteran who had given him permission to enter the house and take painkillers or other pills whenever he wanted . Brancato testified that he and Armento , 51 , were drinking at a strip club when they decided to go hunt for valium . He admitted breaking a window at the home but said it was strictly because he was going through intense heroin withdrawal that night and was trying to wake up his friend to get drugs . Brancato appeared on six episodes of the hit HBO series "  The Sopranos " in 2000 . As a teen , he starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "  A Bronx Tale . "	Prosecutors sought 15 years for Lillo Brancato Jr. for attempted burglary Last month , Brancato was cleared in officer 's death during alleged home invasion Actor said homeowner allowed him to enter home to get drugs when needed Brancato played a wannabe mobster on "  The Sopranos "
CNN  -- Art has emerged as a major vehicle for expressing the Occupy Wall Street movement . In addition to news this week that street art from Occupy Wall Street and Occupy D.C. was being collected by the Smithsonian National Museum of American History , the movement 's Arts and Culture Committee showcased spoken word performances and poetry readings in Manhattan 's Zuccotti Park . Elsewhere in the city , a group known as Occupy Museums demonstrated at New York 's Museum of Modern Art , the Frick Collection and the New Museum protesting the corporatization of art , and the "  No Comment " pop-up exhibition similarly represented itself as art inspired by the movement . Then there 's the sudden popularity of anti-establishment Guy Fawkes masks , distant kin to the masked protests of the Guerrilla Girls , a collective of anonymous artists who wear Gorilla masks to protest sexism . But perhaps most provocatively , Shepard Fairey -- the artist who famously created the Obama "  Hope " poster -- contributed "  You Are Invited to the Occupation Party , " featuring a portrait of a woman evocative of the black power movement , and placing Occupy Wall Street within a deeper history of civil rights protest . Occupy art might just be the movement 's most politically potent tool in its dramatic reframing of the racial dynamics of a populist uprising frequently characterized as largely white and "  hippie . " Fairey 's "  You Are Invited " is an especially compelling example . It offers an image of a young black woman with turtleneck sweater and iconic Afro , a la Angela Davis -- the "  uniform " of the Black Panther Party of the 1960s and '70s . The poster 's retro look recalls a militant past , almost startling in our new millennial moment , and surely is meant as a challenge to the idea that as a society we are anywhere near "  post-race " enlightenment . For evidence of this , we need look no further than the grossly disproportionate use of force by Oakland city police in clearing peaceful Occupy protesters recently . Comedian and social critic Jon Stewart said on his late-night show that the only threat that could possibly warrant such a police response was Godzilla . His comment , though humorous , was seriously spot-on , for the "  beast " perceived as a threat in that city has long been its black and brown citizens . It is no accident that the Black Panther Party was founded in Oakland , where for decades inequities in health , education , income and incarceration have affected the communities of color there . Indeed , some have called for more black people 's involvement in the movement , but Fairey 's "  You Are Invited " goes beyond an appeal for and to black people . Imagine its even more revolutionary effect as a poster carried by people of all backgrounds and social position , symbolically calling for a pan-ethnic alliance . Of course some may complain that this repurposing of black power imagery associates the Occupy movement with a dated and narrow cultural nationalism with no place in our post-civil rights era . The poster 's invitation to an "  occupation party " -- suggesting both a political party as well as a hip , happening event -- may not mobilize a younger generation unfamiliar with appeals to rise up or sit in . Others may criticize the poster as implying a purely token inclusiveness that masks the real tensions between the occupiers ' often competing and sometimes confused agenda . These are justifiable concerns . But "  You Are Invited " is powerful precisely because it invites identification with this long history of marginalized people striving for social and economic equity , however imperfect and unfinished those efforts . More subtly but as importantly , the poster is a mini-tutorial , offering some much needed direction and instruction to a new movement missing some important elements for success . Occupiers are invited to take a page from the past , for instance , and go revolutionary with some style . The Panthers dressed for success and worked their cool look to great political effect . Even more essentially , they also had a plan . The Panthers ' Ten-Point Program , which called for "  Land , Bread , Housing , Education , Clothing , Justice and Peace " and included a successful Free Breakfast for Children program , sought very practical forms of redress  some realistically possible , some less so  to the social and economic injustices they experienced . "  You Are Invited , " with what we might call its black art of occupation , is a reminder of the historical relationship between art and politics . Plato was anxious about the power of art to rouse emotions and challenge authority , and to be sure , art can be reduced to mere propaganda and demagoguery . But we should not forget that Aristotle , Plato 's own student , disagreed with him , insisting that the arts had a profound social function . In 1926 , the renowned black intellectual , W.E.B. Du Bois , argued passionately that art should be used for social justice , that beauty can and must be marshaled for a larger good : "  I am one who tells the truth and exposes evil and seeks with beauty and for beauty to set the world right . " Similarly , the "  No Comment " organizers claim that , "  The purpose of the exhibition is to provide a platform for an open dialogue about serious sociological issues . " Let the Occupy movement 's camps and protests and marches continue generating such art -- art that inspires interracial unity where it may not yet exist , art that reminds us of the voices unheard , art that galvanizes practical social change when nothing seems to give , art that , in Du Bois ' words , tries to make the world both beautiful and right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michele Elam .	Michele Elam says art is emerging as potent tool of Occupy Wall Street movement She says this especially true of Shepard Fairey poster that recalls black power imagery She says image links movement to long history of marginalized people striving for equity Elam : Art serving social function in Occupy as it urges interracial unity , galvanizes social change
CNN  -- The Pentagon 's most expensive weapons program ever , the F-35 warplane , is grounded again . Developed at a cost of nearly $ 400 billion so far and beset for years by cost overruns and delays , the so-called Joint Strike Fighter was put down temporarily this week following a runway fire at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida . No one was hurt . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said the cause of the June 23 incident remains under investigation , and the timing of when they might take off again is unclear . "  Additional inspections of F-35 engines have been ordered , and return to flight will be determined based on inspection results and analysis of engineering data , " Kirby said . Engine maker Pratt & Whitney said in a statement that it was working with Air Force investigators to inspect all engines in the fleet . It declined further comment . Lead contractor Lockheed Martin also said it was working with investigators . It is producing variants of the plane for the U.S. Navy , Marines and Air Force . The Pentagon wants more than 2,400 ultimately , while hundreds more are expected over time to go to allies such as South Korea , Japan and Australia . More than 100 planes have been built so far , most for testing , but the program is still in its development and training phases . The military says the stealthy fighter will be "  the most affordable , lethal , supportable and survivable aircraft ever to be used " by so many services worldwide . But its production has been controversial for its soaring cost history -- the price tag has nearly doubled from early estimates , to $ 135 million per unit as of last year , according to a U.S. Government Accountability Office report in March -- as well as its schedule , software and other setbacks . Test flights began in 2007 . While all models have been grounded in the past for various problems , the version for the Marines , the F-35B , has had more issues . Experts say that 's mainly due to its design for shorter takeoffs and vertical landings . Richard Aboulafia , a Teal Group analyst , said every component of the F-35 overall "  is pushing the frontiers of technology " as engineers combine extraordinary engine power with a lighter weight design . He said the program has made gradual progress in recent years where glitches get resolved pretty quickly compared with 18 to 24 months ago , when setbacks seemed to come one right after another . "  It 's a tremendously complex project , " he said , adding that cost issues remain a concern . The F-35 is due to make a much-anticipated appearance at the international air show at Farnborough airport in Hampshire , England , in coming weeks . Aboulafia said a no-show could indicate a more serious problem with the engine . U.S. sends B-2 stealth bombers to Europe U.S. official : ` Dangerous ' Russian jet fly-by was ` straight out of a movie ' CNN 's Dana Ford and John Crawley contributed to this report .	Fire took place June 23 at Eglin Air Force Base The Joint Strike Fighter is grounded for engine inspections The F-35 program has been beset by delays and cost overruns over the years
CNN  -- When Jon Bohmer sat down with his two little girls for a simple project they could work on together , he did n't realize they 'd hit upon a solution to one of the world 's biggest problems for just $ 5 : A solar-powered oven . Inventor Jon Bohmer with the oven he has made out of a cardboard box . The ingeniously simple design uses two cardboard boxes , one inside the other , and an acrylic cover that lets in the sun 's rays and traps them . Black paint on the inner box , and silver foil on the outer one , help concentrate the heat . The trapped rays make the inside hot enough to cook casseroles , bake bread and boil water . What the box also does is eliminate the need in developing countries for rural residents to cut down trees for firewood . About 3 billion people around the world do so , adding to deforestation and , in turn , global warming . By allowing users to boil water , the simple device could also potentially save the millions of children who die from drinking unclean water . Bohmer 's invention on Thursday won the FT Climate Change Challenge , which sought to find and publicize the most innovative and practical solution to climate change . "  A lot of scientists are working on ways to send people to Mars . I was looking for something a little more grassroots , a little simpler , " Bohmer said Thursday . Bohmer 's contest win notwithstanding , solar cooking with a cardboard oven is n't new . Two American women , Barbara Kerr and Sherry Cole , were the solar box cooker 's first serious promoters in the 1970s . They and others joined forces to create the non-profit Solar Cookers International -- originally called Solar Box Cookers International -- in 1987 . Further , the organization 's executive director , Patrick Widner , said that the plans for a solar box cooker were found in a book published by the Peace Corps in the 1960s . "  We are pleased that Mr. Bohmer has taken up the cause and interest of the 95 member organizations and 160 individuals of the Solar Cookers Worldwide Network , " Widner said . "  It would be a pleasure to work with Mr. Bohmer in Kenya where we have been promoting the use of solar cookers for ten years . " Bohmer , a Norwegian-born entrepreneur based in Kenya , said he also had been looking at solutions "  way too complex , for way too long . " "  This took me about a weekend , and it worked on the first try , " Bohmer said . "  It 's mind-boggling how simple it is . " The contest was organized by the Forum for the Future -- a sustainable development charity -- and the Financial Times newspaper . Among the judges were British business magnate Richard Branson and environmentalist Rajendra Pachauri . The public also voted on the finalists . Bohmer 's invention beat about 300 other entries , including a machine that turns wood and other organic material into charcoal , wheel covers that make trucks more fuel efficient by reducing drag , and a feed supplement for livestock that reduces the methane they emit by 15 percent . Bohmer named his invention the Kyoto Box , after the international environmental treaty to reduce global warming . The box can be produced in existing cardboard factories . It has gone into production in a factory in Nairobi , Kenya , that can churn out about 2.5 million boxes a month . Bohmer has also designed a more durable version , made from recycled plastic , which can be produced just as cheaply . He envisions such cardboard ovens being distributed throughout rural Africa . "  In the West , we cook with electricity , so it 's easy to ignore this problem , " he said . "  But half the world 's population is still living in a stone age . The only way for them to cook is to make a fire . "  I do n't want to see another 80-year-old woman carrying 20 kilos of firewood on her back . Maybe we do n't have to . "	Inventor Jon Bohmer has created a $ 5 oven made out of cardboard boxes Design uses 2 boxes , and an acrylic cover that lets in sun 's rays and traps them Award-winning oven has gone into production in a factory in Nairobi
Edward Snowden may stay in Russia longer than first thought . Snowden has said the time is n't right for him to return to the United States , where he could face criminal charges for leaking classified information . Russia gave him asylum for a year . Now Russia says it will continue to extend asylum protections to Snowden and wo n't send him back home . That word came Friday from Alexy Pushkov , a legislator who is head of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the Duma , Russia 's lower house . He spoke about Snowden at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . Russia 's position basically buys Snowden more time as he mulls his next move . Snowden has said he wants to return home but also wants whistle-blower protection . The U.S. government , meanwhile , says it will not offer clemency . In an online chat Thursday , Snowden said that returning to the U.S. "  is the best resolution for all parties , " but "  it 's unfortunately not possible in the face of current whistle-blower protection laws . " He pointed out that the U.S. government 's Whistleblower Protection Act does n't cover someone like him , a former government contractor . "  There are so many holes in the laws , the protections they afford are so weak , and the processes for reporting they provide are so ineffective that they appear to be intended to discourage reporting of even the clearest wrongdoing , " he wrote . " ... My case clearly demonstrates the need for comprehensive whistle-blower protection act reform . " Snowden offered his remarks from Russia , where he 's been since June , having been granted a one-year asylum . Pushkov 's remarks appear to open the door to an extension of that asylum . The U.S. government has n't stayed silent on his case , either . On Thursday , around the time that Snowden was answering questions online , Attorney General Eric Holder said that "  if Mr. Snowden wanted to come back to the United States and enter a plea , we would engage with his lawyers . " The government would take the same tack with anyone willing to plead guilty , Holder said at an event at the University of Virginia 's Miller Center . But in Snowden 's case , the attorney general insisted , "  Clemency is n't something that we  are  willing to consider . "	A Russian lawmaker says Russia will not push Snowden out Snowden wants to return home , but he wants protection from prosecution The U.S. government says clemency is not an option
CNN  -- When news breaks , D.L. Hughley will be ready to mock it . D.L. Hughley starred in "  The Hughleys " and "  The Original Kings of Comedy . " CNN announced Wednesday that it will premiere a new , "  unconventional " weekend show hosted by comedian D.L. Hughley . "  D.L. Hughley Breaks the News , " as the show is currently titled , will feature Hughley 's humorous take on the week 's events . It will also include interviews with newsmakers and reporters , according to the network . "  D.L. Hughley Breaks the News " is scheduled to debut Saturday , October 25 . "  I am very excited for the opportunity to work with the network that I have watched for a very long time , and that to a large extent , has shaped my comedic view , " Hughley said in a press release . "  CNN offers the perfect blend of news and information on a local , national and international level . What more can a comedian ask for ? " "  D.L. is a news junkie who is bursting with things to say about what is going on in the world -- most of them funny , all of them thoughtful , none of them predictable , " said Jon Klein , president of CNN/U . S. "  When you watch as much news as our audience does , there comes a time you just want to stop and laugh -- and that time will be Saturday nights at 10 on CNN . " The show will resemble the late-night talk shows of Jay Leno and David Letterman more than Jon Stewart 's "  Daily Show , " according to Hughley . Hughley is known for his acting and his standup performances . The comedian spent four seasons on his own sitcom , "  The Hughleys , " and was one of the stars of Aaron "  West Wing " Sorkin 's series , "  Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip . " The performer was also one of the "  Original Kings of Comedy , " along with Bernie Mac , Steve Harvey and Cedric the Entertainer . CNN and CNN.com are units of Time Warner .	"  D.L. Hughley Breaks the News " premieres on CNN October 25 Comedian Hughley known for "  The Hughleys , " "  Studio 60 " Show to feature interviews , comedic takes on the news
Zhuhai , Guangdong Province  CNN  Zhuhai 's Air Show has always been a venue for surprises , usually first-time showings of advanced Chinese military hardware . China 's pathologically secretive defense industry normally shows nothing official of its weapons programs to anyone , which makes the biennial Zhuhai expo the only chance to see what its weapons makers have been up to . Much has been written in the past few years about China 's defense sector developing increasingly more capable weapons systems that approach the capability of their U.S. and European analogues . Some Chinese weapons , such as a full range of anti-ship and air-to-surface missiles , seem to show that its military -- the People 's Liberation Army  PLA  -- is equipped to challenge U.S. Navy carrier battle groups and potentially deny the U.S. the ability to operate in certain areas of the Pacific . But questions remain about how battle-ready the PLA is and whether it can function in a modern , network-centric warfare environment . Today 's battlefield operates on the premise that autonomy should be pushed down to the lowest level -- even down to the man in the field -- because time is of the essence . Getting inside of the enemy 's "  decision loop " is the key to victory . But , giving individual units the ability to make their own tactical decisions without their orders being delivered from several layers up the chain of command is an anathema to the "  control uber alles " mentality of the Chinese leadership . In terms of new weapons , the number one attraction at Zhuhai this year was the new Shenyang FC-31 fighter . It has generated a good deal of excitement as it 's the first time a new Chinese military aircraft has been unveiled while still in the early stages of development -- we usually have to wait until after they start serving in the PLA 's air force . The FC-31 is designed to look like a stealth fighter aircraft in the class of the American Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter . It is also the second , but smaller , stealth-type design to be developed by China . The FC-31 's "  Big Brother , " the Chengdu J-20 , first flew in January 2011 but has been shrouded in secrecy ever since . The FC-31 "  looks " stealthy and its shape mimics that of the F-35 in some respects . But it is impossible to tell just how successful the Shenyang design team has been in developing an aircraft with a low radar cross section without knowing the materials used , the placement of the engines inside the aircraft , and how well the heat signature from the engines has been suppressed by the design of the exhaust nozzle section . Like other PLAAF fighter aircraft , the FC-31 is powered by Russian-made jet engines , in this case two Klimov RD-93 models , which are a specialized variant of the same engine that powers the famous Mikoyan "  MiG-29 . " There have been rumors that a team of renegade designers from the Mikoyan bureau in Moscow assisted Shenyang in the development of the aircraft , but a senior MiG official stated "  no , as far as I know they -LSB- the Chinese -RSB- completed this design themselves , and they seem to have done a good job on their own . " The MiG official may be correct . An aircraft of this type designed with Russian assistance would probably perform better . The FC-31 's flight routine shows that it "  bleeds " too much energy -- so when it enters into a turn it begins to lose altitude . Even during straight and level flight the pilot has to engage the engine 's afterburners in order to keep the aircraft from sinking to a lower altitude . These are defects in the aircraft 's aerodynamic design that a Russian design team would not have made . Western aerospace analysts point out that the FC-31 flown at Zhuhai is a "  clean " jet in that it is not armed , which means that an aircraft configured for a real mission and fitted with weapons would be even heavier and would perform even worse . So , why has the PLAAF chosen to exhibit an aircraft that is either overweight , underpowered or both ? It could be an oblique signal to Washington timed to coincide with President Barack Obama 's visit to Beijing for the APEC summit . The underlying message : "  China is stronger than you think . " This would not be the first such example of China trying to use its defense industry to flex its muscles . In January 2011 , when the J-20 first flew , then-U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates was in Beijing for an official visit . His read was that the timing of the two events was in no way coincidental . Unfortunately for the PLA , the gesture falls flat . Many would have been more impressed by the FC-31 in photos posted on Chinese websites than after seeing it actually fly at the air show . Looks can be deceiving , as they say .	Air show provides rare glimpse of China 's home-grown military hardware China has made progress in weapons technology , but doubts persist on battlefield readiness There 's much interest in its new Shenyang FC-31 fighter , which is said to be "  stealthy " But some analysts believe it may be overweight and underpowered
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least 16 people were killed , including international soldiers , and 55 were wounded when a car bomb rocked parts of Afghanistan 's capital Thursday , authorities said . Italian soldiers stand near their vehicle , destroyed by a car bomb in Kabul , Afghanistan , on Thursday . At least six Italian soldiers were killed and four others were wounded in the blast , Ignazio La Russa , Italy 's defense minister said . Ten Afghan civilians were also killed , said Fareed Rayel , an Afghan Ministry of Public Health spokesman . The blast occurred in a mostly residential area near the Supreme Court of Afghanistan in Kabul , a witness said . Ministry of Interior spokesman Zamarai Bashiri said 21 shops , seven vehicles , five motorbikes and three bicycles were damaged in the explosion . The soldiers were traveling on Airport Road in Kabul when they were targeted by a suicide car bomber , the defense minister said . Afghan military ambulances were taking bodies away and at least three U.S. military vehicles were seen driving toward the scene of the blast . In a separate incident , a service member with the NATO-led forces in Afghanistan was killed in southern Afghanistan , military officials said Thursday . The victim died Wednesday after after being struck by a roadside bomb , the International Security Assistance Force said . "  On behalf of the men and women serving with ISAF , I convey my deepest sympathies to the loved ones of this brave soldier , " said Brigadier-General Eric Tremblay , ISAF spokesman . "  His selfless efforts to bring hope to the population of Afghanistan will not be forgotten . " The service member 's nationality and name , and other details about the incident , were not released . CNN 's Atia Abawi , Ingrid Formanek and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll in suicide car bombing rises to 16 ; 55 injured Six Italian soldiers , ten Afghan civilians killed by car bomb , authorities say Suicide car bomber targeted soldiers , defense minister says Blast occurred in residential area near Afghan Supreme Court
