CNN  -- Cheers in Moscow . Fear in Kiev . And jeers from the West . When Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region Tuesday and signed a formal decree , he made a major European crisis almost irreversible . His nation 's lawmakers wept and gave him a standing ovation in parliament as he barraged the West for what he described as its numerous betrayals . But in Western capitals , there was no applause . Governments imposed sanctions on Russian leaders and warned that 's just the beginning . Here 's the rationalization for Putin 's decision , and the reasoning for the West 's derision . POINT Crimea rightfully belongs to Russia Former Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev gave Crimea to Ukraine in 1954 . At the time , no one thought the Soviet Union would collapse , Putin said . It did . And Crimea was handed over "  like a sack of potatoes , " Ukraine 's Kyiv Post said . Now the people have spoken , and they want to be a part of Russia , Putin said , referring to a hastily-called weekend referendum on separating from Ukraine . "  In our hearts , we know Crimea has always been an inalienable part of Russia , " he said . COUNTERPOINT No , it does n't Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk called the annexation "  a robbery on an international scale , " one that his nation will never accept . President Barack Obama and other European allies have accused Moscow of violating Ukraine 's sovereignty and independence . Crimea , which has an ethnic Russian majority , has long been a semiautonomous region within Ukraine . It had its own Parliament , but Ukraine had veto power over its actions . "  One country has come and temporarily stolen part of the territory of an independent country , " Yatsenyuk said . -- POINT Russia had no choice but to act Ukraine 's new government , backed by the United States and European powers , prepared "  to seize the state through terror and murders , " Putin said . What was Russia to do ? he asked . "  The main executors of this were nationalists , Russia-phobes and anti-Semites , " he said . "  Those people define what is happening today in Ukraine . " COUNTERPOINT Russia saw a chance and pounced International observers said Moscow saw its chance to annex a strategic territory and took it . The region is pretty significant : It still hosts the home port of Russia 's Black Sea fleet . Putin is "  mimicking the fascists of the last century " by annexing Crimea , Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov said . And he has goals , some analysts say . "  His project for his third term as President is to gather in as many of his neighbors as he can to form a new Eurasian Union , " said Angela Stent , a professor at the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service . "  Ukraine is the key to that project . And Crimea is the key to Ukraine . " -- POINT The annexation 's legal The Russian leader accused the West of "  double standards " in its response to the Crimean crisis , citing Kosovo 's split from Serbia . In 1999 , NATO conducted a two-month bombing campaign to separate Kosovo 's Albanian population from the rest of Serbia . The United States supported the breakaway . "  It 's absolutely in favor of their own interests -- black today , white tomorrow , " Putin said . He said anyone who would allow Kosovo to split from Serbia and not Crimea from Ukraine would be showing "  absolute cynicism . " COUNTERPOINT The annexation 's illegal The United States said Russia 's justifications for taking Crimea amount to an attack on Ukraine 's sovereignty . "  President Putin today gave a speech rewriting history , and it only further put him on the wrong side of history , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said . Preceding the 1999 NATO campaign , ethnic Albanians were being slaughtered . Crimea 's ethnic Russians were not facing the same prospect . -- POINT The rest of Ukraine 's safe Even though there are Russian troops and vehicles along the border , Putin says there are no plans to take any more territories from Ukraine . COUNTERPOINT The rest of Ukraine 's under threat Ukraine stands at "  the beginning of a very dangerous conflict , and we should do our best to stop this process , " said Petro Poroshenko , a former foreign minister and a leading potential candidate for President . "  Several weeks ago , we had a guarantee that nothing  would  happen with the Crimea , " he told CNN 's Christian Amanpour . "  Now under attack can be any country in the European Union , including other parts of Ukraine . " -- POINT Russia will pay U.S. , Australian and EU officials imposed sanctions on more than two dozen Russian and Crimean officials . They include visa bans and frozen assets . "  President Putin should be in no doubt that Russia will face more serious consequences , and I will push European leaders to agree further EU measures when we meet on Thursday , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said Russia faces more than just sanctions . "  We 're talking about Russia putting itself on a path that undermines long-term confidence and creates obstacles for its full participation in the global economy , " he said . "  That path that they 've placed themselves on does nothing to help the next generation of Russians compete and succeed in a world that will be led by the most dynamic and open economies . " But Stent said maintaining warm ties with the United States is not a priority for Putin . Russia 's granting of NSA leaker Edward Snowden asylum clearly shows that . "  Guaranteeing and expanding the Russian presence in Crimea is much more important , " she said . COUNTERPOINT Sanctions wo n't hurt Russia 's taking the threats lightly . Vladislav Surkov , a Putin aide named in the sanctions , called it "  a great honor " to be singled out for American punishment . "  We wait for sanctions , " deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin posted on Twitter . The message included a smiley face and a picture of a black bear , vodka and a rifle . Biographer Alexander Korobko said a country that can produce almost anything has no fear for sanctions . "  It is absolutely not in the U.S. interest to impose sanctions on Russia , because who will take American astronauts to space if not us Russians ? " Korobko asked . And the sanctions are a good indicator of how far this battle will go -- or rather not go . "  The so-called smart sanctions ... in response to events in Crimea were an anti-climax and a confirmation of a total lack of any desire on the part of the West to take the fight with Russia any further , " said Alexander Nekrassov , a former Kremlin adviser . -- POINT This means war After a member of its military was killed and more captured when masked gunmen seized their base near the Crimean regional capital , Simferopol , Ukraine 's defense ministry authorized its forces to open fire . It warned that the crisis was shifting from political to military , and blamed it on Russia . COUNTERPOINT No one wants war "  If there were an armed conflict , neither the United States nor NATO would get militarily involved , " Stent said . "  And the result could be the dismemberment of Ukraine and its division into two states on either side of a new East-West divide . " Instead , the West should offer Ukraine 's interim government financial support and encourage it "  not to let itself be provoked into a war with Russia as Georgia was in 2008 . " -- POINT This will isolate Russia It 's not yet evident whether the sanctions will turn Russia into a pariah nation , but the U.S. has issued warnings to Moscow . "  Russia military intervention in Ukraine will only deepen Russia 's diplomatic isolation and exact a greater toll on the Russia economy , " President Barack Obama said . COUNTERPOINT Putin 's popularity soars Though condemned by the West , the Russian leader was at the height of his popularity hours after the annexation . Crowds gathered at the capital to sing and dance . "  Vladimir , Vladimir , we love you ! " one woman said . "  We bow to you . " To some Russians , it symbolized a defeat against the West .	Russian President Vladimir Putin announces the annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region Admonition , sanctions pour in from the West
CNN  -- But Kellie Pickler was so popular ! In the end , though , the allure of the pixie-haired hoofer was n't enough : Tuesday 's two-hour finale of "  Dancing with the Stars " only earned a 2.6 rating/7 share in adults 18-49 , down 21 % from last year 's spring results  3.3 / 9 on May 22 , 2012  to become the lowest-rated finale in the franchise 's history , according to Nielsen . Since the show averaged 14.9 million viewers , ABC came in first for the night in eyeballs but second in the demo behind NBC , which was buoyed by "  The Voice . " Speaking of which : NBC 's singing competition , which earned a 3.1 / 9 , was down 11 percent versus last week but it still ruled at 9  where it averaged 9.9 million  . It was preceded by a special about Oklahoma  2.0 / 6 , 8.1 million  and followed by the Grimm finale  1.7 / 5 , up 6 % from last year , 5.2 million  . Fox came in third with a two-hour installment of "  So You Think You Can Dance "  1.9 / 6 , 4.5 million  while CBS trailed in fourth with a bunch of pesky "  NCIS " repeats . See the original story at EW.com .	Tuesday night 's show become the lowest-rated finale in the franchise 's history NBC 's "  The Voice " was down 11 percent versus last week Fox came in third with a two-hour installment of "  So You Think You Can Dance "
CNN  -- A year ago , the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history began on April 20 -- which , ironically , also marked Earth Day . The catastrophe started with a massive explosion on an offshore oil drilling rig that killed 11 workers and sparked a huge fire that eventually sank the rig . More than 200 million gallons of crude oil gushed into the Gulf of Mexico over the next five months , killing thousands of marine animals and affecting thousands of people in the fishing industry -- already struggling in the economic downturn . CNN 's full coverage of the Gulf oil disaster The exact toll on the Gulf 's ecosystem is still as murky as the ocean waters affected by the disaster . This year , as Earth Day approaches , tragedy and uncertainty may once again temper the mood of the annual event : Japan is still assessing what could be its worst environmental disaster -- the damage to its Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami . The situation has forced other countries , including the United States , to take a closer look at the safety of nuclear power plants within their borders . The nuclear issue is still a fierce topic of debate , and environmental experts think it will be an important theme for this year 's Earth Day on April 22 . Recent polls suggest that Americans are divided over nuclear energy . More than half of the 1,012 respondents in a recent CNN poll said they opposed building more nuclear plants , while 46 % said they favored it . When asked by CNN if they are OK with nuclear energy as a source of electricity , 57 % of the respondents said they approved , while 42 % disapproved . Despite the crisis in Japan , nuclear energy is still a centerpiece of President Obama 's clean energy policy . His administration 's fiscal year 2012 budget request includes $ 36 billion in loan guarantee authority to help spur growth in the nuclear industry . Energy secretary defends U.S. nuclear industry Nuclear energy produces practically no pollution , and it is more reliable than other clean alternative sources -- like wind and solar energy -- that depend on the weather , according to nuclear power advocate Burton Richter , a Nobel Prize-winning physicist . While nuclear is his favorite clean energy source , there are other ways to create electricity that Richter believes can help achieve a reduction in greenhouse gases . Two years ago , Richter and 34 other Nobel laureates wrote a letter to Obama to encourage him to put more money into alternative energy research , including nuclear , wind and solar energy and renewable fuels . Richter , who also teaches at Stanford University , says the American public needs to pay close attention to how Congress is handling environmental issues . He is worried that too many people in Washington are more concerned about politics than the environment . "  We 're not going to see a fee on carbon emissions , we 're not going to see cap and trade , we 're going to see a fight to see whether the EPA -LSB- Environmental Protection Agency -RSB- is going to be able to regulate anything , " he predicted . "  It 's not going to be a pretty year . " Richter encouraged everyone to use this year 's Earth Day to speak out about the environmental issues that they care about . "  They should be thinking about their grandchildren and the world that those children are going to get left with , " he said . "  People need to let their government know , let their representatives know , that they are very concerned about this issue and they are going to hold their representatives accountable for their actions . " Besides being a call to action , Earth Day also continues to be a good opportunity for public education , he said . On April 22 , Richter says he 'll probably be speaking on campus about nuclear power , because Stanford students are interested in what happened in Japan and want to be assured that nuclear power is safe . Michael Vandenbergh , director of the Climate Change Research Network , says he hopes nuclear concerns do n't overshadow other pressing environmental issues that Americans should remember as Earth Day approaches . "  We have to continue to discuss climate change , because if we get that problem wrong , many of the other things we talk about in the environmental area wo n't matter , " said Vandenbergh , who also teaches at Vanderbilt University Law School . Both professors were encouraged to see that their students -- although probably not as politically outspoken as their counterparts when Earth Day began in 1970 -- are anxious to learn as much as they can about being environmentally friendly . Everyone should realize the importance of doing his or her part to help improve the environment for future generations , Vandenbergh said . "  Sometimes , people focus on the upfront cost rather than on the net benefit , " Vandenbergh said , referring to the price of more efficient cars , home weatherization products or new heating and cooling units for our houses . "  Individuals have a much larger role than they realize in both contributing to environmental problems and to the solutions . "	Earth Day will be held on April 22 A year ago , the environmental community was concerned about the Gulf oil spill The issue of nuclear power is top of mind this year after the crisis in Japan Experts say individuals can effect change in themselves , government
CNN  -- The discovery of horse DNA in hamburgers on sale at supermarkets in Ireland and Britain is testing the appetite of meat lovers there . The Food Safety Authority of Ireland said Tuesday that 10 out of 27 hamburger products it analyzed in a study were found to contain horse DNA , and 23 of them tested positive for pig DNA . Read more : Multi-state beef recall tied to potential E. coli contamination The horse-tainted burgers , on sale at several different supermarket chains , came from two meat processing plants in Ireland and one in Britain , the Irish authority said . "  This raises concerns in relation to the traceability of meat ingredients and products entering the food chain , " it said , but noted that the findings posed no risk to public health . Read more : Bacteria seen in nearly half of U.S. meat In nine out of the 10 burger samples , the horse DNA was found at very low levels , the authority said , but in one sample from Tesco , Britain 's largest retailer , the horsemeat accounted for about 29 % of the burger . Tesco responded by pulling from its shelves all products from the company that had supplied the dubious burgers . Read more : How severe weather makes people go hungry "  We understand that many of our customers will be concerned by this news , and we apologize sincerely for any distress , " Tesco said . The retailer is working with Irish and British authorities and the supplier to work out what had happened , it said . Alan Reilly , the chief executive of the Irish food authority , said there was a "  plausible explanation " for the pig meat finding its way into the burgers , since meat from different animals is processed at the same plants . But he said there was "  no clear explanation at this time " for the presence of the horsemeat . Report : Unsafe food putting lives at risk "  In Ireland , it is not in our culture to eat horsemeat and therefore , we do not expect to find it in a burger , " Reilly said . "  Likewise , for some religious groups or people who abstain from eating pig meat , the presence of traces of pig DNA is unacceptable . " Many British and Irish people expressed their distaste over the revelations on social media . Read more : Horse -- coming soon to a meat case near you ? Some Twitter users said they were n't surprised to hear about the questionable origins of the burgers , while others debated the ethics of eating horsemeat . And then there were those who saw an opportunity for attempts at humor . "  Going to #tesco and expecting a beef burger . Instead you get #horsemeat . Sounds to me like foal-play , " wrote Twitter user Matt Oswin under the username @BrushmanLestar .	Irish Food Safety Authority finds horse DNA in 10 out of 27 burgers it tested The hamburgers are on sale in supermarkets in Ireland and Britain The agency finds 29 % of a burger from Tesco to be made of horsemeat Tesco says it has withdrawn from sale all products from the supplier in question
CNN  -- Senegal 's reward for qualifying for their first Olympic men 's football competition is an opening match against hosts Britain , who could include former England captain David Beckham in their team . Senegal beat Oman in a playoff in Coventry on Monday to claim the last place in the 16-team draw for the Olympic competition , which begins July 26 . In the draw completed Tuesday at Wembley , Senegal and Great Britain were drawn in Group A alongside Uruguay and the United Arab Emirates . Brazil , who are seeking their first men 's football gold , were put in Group C with Egypt , Belarus and New Zealand . Defending champions Argentina failed to qualify . In the women 's competition , Brazil and Britain were drawn together . Defending champions United States are in Group G with France , Colombia and North Korea . The games will take place at stadiums across Britain , with the finals to be held at Wembley . Britain will be competing in an Olympic football tournament for the first time since 1960 . The national associations of Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland still oppose the plan because they fear it will threaten their independence . "  They 're in a very tough group , " world football expert James Montague told CNN World Sport . "  All of these teams look at the Olympic tournament in a very different way to the way the British do . "  There 's been a lot of controversy over the British team , a lot of opposition to it . There is n't enough unity for the British team to thrive . A team like the UAE have had 10 qualifying games already and they 've actually built a team . The Great Britain team only have a long list of 80 players -- they have n't played any games at all . " The 36-year-old Beckham has made no secret of his ambition to play a part in the British squad as one of the three permitted overage players in what is otherwise an Under-23 tournament . British coach Stuart Pearce said he will only select the midfielder if his form is good enough -- and not as recognition of Beckham 's ambassadorial role . Pearce plans to visit the United States to watch Beckham play for LA Galaxy in the MLS . "  He 's been a great ambassador but that 's no guarantee he 'll get in the squad , " Pearce said . "  I 'm picking on form and merit alone . " Britain will kick off the tournament against Senegal at Old Trafford on July 26 before playing the UAE at Wembley three days later and Uruguay in Cardiff on 1 August . Brazil are expected to include 20-year-old Santos star Neymar in their squad . They will play in Cardiff , Manchester and Newcastle . The Brazilian women 's team could include five-time world player of their year Marta as they look to win gold for the first time , having lost the final to the U.S. in 2004 and 2008 . "  The big game I 'm looking forward to is the holders United States against North Korea , " Montague said . "  North Korea have a fantastic women 's side who have done very well in previous World Cups and Olympics . That 's going to be the crunch game . "  Great Britain against Brazil will also be fantastic -- especially if the Brazilians take Marta along as well . " DRAWS Men 's : Group A : Great Britain , Senegal , United Arab Emirates , Uruguay Group B : Mexico , South Korea , Gabon , Switzerland Group C : Brazil , Egypt , Belarus , New Zealand Group D : Spain , Japan , Honduras , Morocco Top two teams from each group advance to quarterfinals Women 's : Group E : Great Britain , New Zealand , Cameroon , Brazil Group F : Japan , Canada , Sweden , South Africa Group G : USA , France , Colombia , North Korea Top two teams from each group and the two best third-placed teams advance to quarterfinals	Senegal will play Britain on the opening day of the Olympic men 's football tournament Senegal qualified for the Olympics for the first time with a win over Oman in a playoff Gold medal favorites Brazil are in Group C with Egypt , Belarus and New Zealand Defending women 's champions United States will play France , Colombia and North Korea
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A prominent California Democrat campaign fund manager charged with defrauding a state legislator of $ 677,181 is in settlement negotiations with federal prosecutors , a law enforcement source said Tuesday . Kinde Durkee , whose Durkee & Associates firm is based in Burbank , California , has been charged with two counts of mail fraud regarding the alleged misappropriation of $ 677,181 in campaign funds belonging to California Assemblyman Jose Solorio , a Democrat whose office is based in Anaheim , authorities said . The law enforcement source asked for anonymity because the source was n't authorized to speak publicly about the negotiations . Durkee is accused of filing false disclosure reports to hide the misappropriations , according to an affidavit by FBI Agent Reginald Coleman . Durkee , who appears to have signature authority over more than 400 bank accounts , including those for political campaigns , allegedly moved "  substantial " sums of money from client campaign committees to her firm 's accounts or other campaign accounts , Coleman said in the affidavit . Durkee also allegedly spent funds from clients ' accounts to make her firm 's payroll and to pay for her mortgage , her American Express bill , her mother 's assisted living facility expenses and other personal expenses , Coleman 's affidavit said . In an interview with the FBI on September 1 , "  Ms. Durkee admitted that she had been misappropriating her clients ' money for years , and that forms she filed with the state were false , " Coleman wrote . Durkee and her attorney could not be reached by CNN for comment on Tuesday . In the wake of the charges , U.S. Rep. Susan Davis , D-California , has accused Durkee of stealing "  upwards of $ 250,000 in campaign funds , " according to a letter that Davis sent to her supporters on Saturday . Durkee was also Davis ' campaign fund manager , a Davis spokeswoman said . "  As this scandal emerges , she may well become known as the Bernie Madoff of campaign finance treasurers , " Davis said about Durkee in the letter to supporters . Lauren Horwood , spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's office in Sacramento , California , said prosecutors are looking at Davis ' accusations and the campaign accounts of other Democrats that Durkee was managing . "  The investigation is looking at all of the accounts of clients of Kinde Durkee , " including those of elected Democrats , Horwood said . On her firm 's website , Durkee states : "  We have performed accounting and reporting for political campaigns day-in and day-out since 1972 . Accounting , reporting and compliance management for political campaigns and nonprofits is quite different from standard business accounting ; we understand the differences because we 've specialized in political campaigns . " Durkee , who was arrested earlier this month and released on $ 200,000 bond , will return to federal court for a preliminary hearing on October 19 in Sacramento , Horwood said . CNN 's Casey Wian and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	Kinde Durkee is a prominent campaign fund manager for California Democrats She has been charged with two counts of mail fraud She is accused of misappropriating $ 677,181 in campaign funds The FBI accuses her of spending other clients ' money on personal expenses
CNN  -- A mysterious X-shaped pattern of space debris seen by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope was probably two asteroids that collided , scientists said Tuesday . The object , called P/2010 A2 , was discovered in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter by the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research sky survey , or LINEAR , on January 6 , NASA said . The shape , and the streamers of dust shooting off of it , were photographed by Hubble on January 25 and 29 , according to NASA . Astronomers have long thought the asteroid belt is being ground down because of collisions , but such a head-on crash had never been seen before . "  If this interpretation is correct , two small and previously unknown asteroids recently collided , creating a shower of debris that is being swept back into a tail from the collision site by the pressure of sunlight , " said principal investigator David Jewitt , from the University of California at Los Angeles . At first , astronomers thought what they saw might be a main belt comet , a rare case of a comet orbiting while in the asteroid belt . But the images taken by Hubble revealed the complex X-pattern of filamentary structures near the object 's nucleus . Jewitt said the filaments are made of dust and gravel . Some of them are being swept back by radiation pressure from sunlight , creating the long , straight dust streaks , he said . The nucleus of the presumed boom is 460 feet in diameter , NASA said . Asteroid collisions happen fast , with an average impact speed of more than 11,000 mph , or five times faster than a rifle bullet .	NASA says LINEAR survey saw apparent crash , Hubble telescope photographed it The collision appeared as a giant "  X " shape , with trails of dust and gravel Astronomers think crashes are shrinking asteroid belt , but none had been viewed Asteroid collisions happen fast -- 11,000 mph , NASA says
Authorities warned Tuesday that the man believed to be behind the ambush of two Pennsylvania State Police troopers is "  armed and dangerous " and may not be finished with targeting law enforcement officials . Eric Matthew Frein is wanted for murder in the first degree in the killing of one trooper and the wounding of another over the weekend , Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan told reporters during a news conference . "  He has made statements about wanting to kill law enforcement officers and also to commit mass acts of murder , " Noonan said . "  He has very strong feelings about law enforcement and seems to be very angry with a lot of things that go on in our society . " An affidavit of probable cause paints a chaotic , bloody scene during the shooting Friday night at the state police barracks in Blooming Grove in northeast Pennsylvania . ` Get him inside ' The attack began at about 11:50 p.m. when Cpl. Bryon K. Dickson , who had just finished his shift , left the barracks through the building 's front doors . He was shot as he walked toward his vehicle , according to the affidavit . Another police officer walked by the front door and saw Dickson lying on the ground . The officer , a woman , asked him what happened , and Dickson told her had been shot and needed help , the affidavit said . As he was telling the officer what happened , another shot was fired , it said . Dickson , according to the documents , asked the officer to "  get him inside . " Then as another officer , Trooper Alex Douglass , tried to help , he was shot , the documents said . The officers in the building resorted to using a patrol car to drive between the shooter and the building in an effort to rescue Dickson and get him to a hospital , according to the affidavit . Dickson was declared dead at an area hospital . The cause of death was multiple gunshot wounds , authorities said . Shell casings found Frein , 31 , is a survivalist by hobby who lives in Monroe County , authorities said . Noonan said anyone who might know something about Frein or spot him should first contact authorities . A person walking their dog saw Frein 's car submerged in a body of water about two miles from Blooming Grove , the police barracks where the shootings happened Friday . The person dialed 911 , and investigators found shell casings inside the vehicle that matched casings found at the scene of the shooting , authorities said . Investigators also discovered Frein 's Social Security card along with camouflage face paint , a flashlight , a hooded sweatshirt and military gear inside the car . Police searched Frein 's parents ' home and found spent shell casings matching the kind used in the shooting , authorities said . Pennsylvania authorities are working with the FBI and others throughout the country to sift through tips that have come in the case , officials said . Friends and relatives who were interviewed by investigators said that Frein had talked about his disdain for law enforcement , according to authorities . "  This was nothing he kept quiet , " said Noonan , who said he wished those people had spoken up before the shooting of the troopers . With the hunt for the suspected gunman still under way , one school district in the vicinity of the shooting announced it was canceling classes on Wednesday . The administration of the Pocono Mountain School District said the decision was made "  due to safety concerns of our students at bus stops with an armed and dangerous gunman on the loose . " Reward offered Earlier this week , authorities said they were offering a $ 75,000 reward for information leading to the suspect or suspects . As of Monday , the trooper who was wounded but survived the shooting had not been interviewed . Douglass was conscious and speaking for the first time Monday since undergoing surgery after the shooting , police said . "  First and foremost is our concern for his health and recovery . So we 're letting the doctors do what they need to do , and at an appropriate time that will occur . We expect that to happen in the very near future , " Pennsylvania State Police Lt. Col. George Bivens said Monday . Cpl. Bryon K. Dickson was killed in the attack . 2 officers from ` Alaska State Troopers ' killed in confrontation	With manhunt under way , schools in vicinity of shooting close for the day An arrest warrant has been issued for Eric Matthew Frein , 31 Frein is a survivalist with anti-police leanings , law enforcement officials say Frein is at large and considered armed and dangerous , police commissioner says
CNN  -- Glenn Beck shared Monday a secret he 's kept from almost everyone for years : He 's been battling a serious and rare illness . "  It has baffled some of the best doctors in the world . It has frightened me and my family , as we did n't know what was happening , " the conservative radio and TV host said on TheBlaze , a network he founded . Eventually , he learned what was wrong : he had a variety of ailments , including an autoimmune disorder and adrenal fatigue . Speaking through tears , the former Fox News host detailed the progression of his illness and the symptoms he suffered . Beck said he struggled to remember names , faces and conversations . At other times , his hands would shake and he would be forced to curl up into a ball . "  While I was at Fox , the pain would get so bad that my camera crew , our executive producer Tiffany and I , had worked out hand signals so they would know when to take the camera off of me , " Beck said . "  We did n't know at the time what was causing me to feel as though , out of nowhere , my hands and feet , or arms and legs would feel like someone had just crushed them , set them on fire or pushed broken glass into them . " Beck said he rarely slept , but was never tired . After taking a test for people with traumatic brain injury and testing in the bottom 10 % , Beck said he was told he would no longer be able to function in about five to 10 years . He went from doctor to doctor and tried different diets and medications , but nothing really worked . Beck began to search for his replacements . At the same time , he said , Beck and his wife continued to look for answers and found them at the Carrick Brain Centers , a rehabilitation center in Texas . "  We went and after a few short visits they found that I had several things going on -- from an autoimmune disorder to adrenal fatigue , and they found the connection on everything that was going on , " Beck said . "  Me never having to sleep was finally understandable . The last sign of adrenal failure is a hyperextension of your adrenal glands . In other words , I did n't need sleep . I could have been lifting cars during my time at Fox ! " After months of treatment and changing the way he eats , sleeps , works and lives -- along with hormone treatment and intensive physical therapy -- he believes he has reversed the process . "  My brain is back online in a big way , " he said . "  I have received a clean bill of health . "	The conservative radio and TV host says he 's hidden his illness for years He went from doctor to doctor before he found the answers he was looking for Beck says he 's been given a clean bill of health : "  My brain is back online in a big way "
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- Government forces fired Friday on protesters in Bahrain 's capital , killing at least four of them , an ambulance worker told CNN . The violence was the latest in a series of confrontations that began Monday in this Persian Gulf island nation . "  I told everyone to put their hands up as a sign of peace , " said one man who was covered in blood . "  Then I saw the military crouch down . " Medical sources at a hospital said at least 50 people were treated Friday for injuries in Manama , and five of them were in critical condition , including one with a bullet wound to the head . Friday 's deaths brought to at least 10 the number of people killed since protesters took to the streets in Bahrain , one of several countries in the Middle East and North Africa to face a surge of dissent following the revolts that toppled longtime autocrats in Tunisia and Egypt . The casualties here occurred when security forces fired shots and tear gas at a few hundred anti-government protesters who were trying to make a push on Pearl Roundabout , the focal point of the demonstrations this week . The area had been cleared Thursday in a harsh crackdown and security forces cordoned it off . But the violence resumed there Friday as security forces unleashed a massive and sustained barrage of tear-gas canisters and gunfire , witnesses said . That was followed by "  complete chaos " as demonstrators ran for cover , said CNN 's Arwa Damon , in the capital . Afterward , witnesses reported seeing bodies loaded into ambulances . One man vowed to keep up his protest , whatever the cost . "  There would be nothing more honorable than to be killed fighting for freedom for my country , " he said . Bahrain 's special envoy to the United States , Abdul Latif Al Zayani , said that if Bahraini forces did fire live rounds , "  Probably they were warning shots only . " He added , "  The forces that were used were proportional according to the law , they were legal , they were necessary because they were stopping the shops . The economy was hurting , the national economy . We had to take action and action was taken by the law . " But he acknowledged to CNN that the protesters were not using live ammunition . Told that ambulance workers had confirmed the deaths of protesters by live rounds , he said those reports needed to be confirmed . "  The reports are still coming in . ... We have great nation and we are a small country . We can not divide . We have to unite . It 's time that we get together . Investigations will happen . And they will continue . " The crown prince himself called Friday for a return to normalcy . "  I offer my condolences to the people of Bahrain for the painful days they are living , " said Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa in a nationally televised address . "  Good morals have to prevail and everybody should exercise self-restraint at this moment . This applies to the military forces , the security forces and the citizens of Bahrain . " Many of the protesters are Shiite Muslims , who make up 70 percent of the residents of the island kingdom and have long harbored deep political and economic grievances against the ruling family , which is Sunni . At first , the protesters were asking for economic and political reforms , but their demands have changed slightly as authorities have stepped up the use of force against them . Now , many of them say they want the regime brought down and parliament dissolved . But the prince vowed not to favor one group over another . "  We are neither a country where there are only Sunnis who get whatever they want nor a country where there are only Shias who get whatever they want , " he said . "  We are a nation of Bahrainis where everyone respects everyone . " After Salman 's TV appearance , King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa announced that the crown prince is to lead a dialogue "  with all parties and sections of Bahrain , without exception . " But a leading member of parliament from Bahrain 's main Shiite opposition party , al-Wifaq , told CNN that there can be no dialogue with the government while the military controls the streets of Bahrain . Jamil Kathem said the protests had emerged spontaneously , especially after funeral processions . He noted that there would be further funeral processions Saturday . Human Rights Watch denounced the security action . It said several patients at Salmaniyya Hospital told the group that "  the army and police opened fire without warning on a crowd making their evening prayers near the heavily guarded roundabout . " The crowd had been attending funerals for the slain protesters and "  began moving towards the roundabout " around 5:30 p.m. , Human Rights Watch said . It appears security forces fired as the crowd approached roadblocks , it said . "  The victims said the scene was peaceful and that there was no warning issued before the forces opened fire using tear gas , rubber bullets , and live ammunition . They said the attack did not last long because people immediately started running away . " In the town of Sitra , east of the capital city of Manama , thousands of people marched Friday in the funerals of three of the people killed Thursday . Many in the crowds carried black flags or Bahraini flags , and some referred to security forces involved in the crackdown as "  criminals . " The crowd chanted praises to the people killed in the protests and called them martyrs . Some called for death to Bahrain 's ruling family . Demonstrators also gathered in the village of Karzakan , seven miles west of Manama , for the funeral of another victim , witnesses said . At the funeral of one protester , mourners chanted "  death to Khalifa ! " a reference to King Hamad . Meanwhile , a pro-government demonstration was held in Manama , where people chanted slogans in support of the royal family and said the government must maintain stability and has the right to crack down on demonstrators . Many of the participants said they believe the protesters are n't considering the long-term , negative impact of their actions . Isa Al Koohejai , a pro-government member of parliament , told CNN that the anti-government demonstrators numbered only around 5,000 people , and represented a minority view in Bahrain . He said the international media were showing only one side of the story and neglecting the perspective of "  normal " Bahrainis . "  It 's not an uprising , " he said . "  It 's not a revolution . " The tiny but strategically critical country of Bahrain is a key American ally and home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . But U.S. President Barack Obama was openly critical of his ally . "  I am deeply concerned by reports of violence , " he said Friday , citing Yemen and Libya as well as Bahrain . "  The United States condemns the use of violence by governments against peaceful protesters in those countries and wherever else it may occur . " "  The Bahraini army has done what the Egyptian army did not do and exactly what the United States and its other partners urged it not to do -- it has opened fire on its own people , " said Tom Malinowski , Washington director for Human Rights Watch . "  Donors can not continue to provide aid to Bahrain 's security forces as if this did not happen . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , Tim Lister and journalist Mansoor Al-Jamri in Bahrain contributed to this report .	"  Mistakes and escalation had been made , but we have fixed them , " says Prince Salman Medical sources at a hospital say at least 50 people were injured Opposition party member rejects dialogue while the military controls the streets
CNN  -- A California Republican official has apologized for sending an email that depicts President Barack Obama as a young chimpanzee . "  To my fellow Americans and to everyone else who has seen the email I forwarded and was offended by my action , I humbly apologize and ask for your forgiveness of my unwise behavior , " Marilyn Davenport said in a statement obtained by CNN . Davenport , who is a Tea Party activist and an elected member of the central committee of the Republican Party of Orange County , said she felt the email was a joke , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . The email contains a doctored photo of what appears to be a family portrait of two adult chimpanzees posing with a young chimpanzee with Obama 's face pasted on it . The caption that ran with the photo says "  Now you know why no birth certificate , " the affiliate reported . Davenport said she would not repeat her error in the apology that included two Bible passages . "  I am an imperfect Christian lady who tries her best to live a Christ-like honoring life , " the statement said . "  I would never do anything to intentionally harm or berate others regardless of ethnicity . So I ask for your forgiveness , for I am truly sorry . " Despite criticism , Davenport told the affiliate that she does not need to resign her position because of the e-mail . Scott Baugh , chairman of the Republican Party of Orange County , said he was surprised by the e-mail . "  There 's no question the e-mail is racist . The only question is what was in Marilyn 's heart , what was her intent . But I do n't think there 's anybody on her committee or anybody in the world really that does n't see it as a racist , " Baugh said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " Baugh said he feels Davenport should resign . "  The bottom line is being sorry for something and having a sincere apology does n't undo the action , it does n't stop the consequences , " Baugh said . "  There 's still consequences for what she 's done and what she 's done will continue to bring controversy to my party so I 'm inclined to think at this time that she should still resign from the committee . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	The e-mail contains a doctored photo of a young chimpanzee with Obama 's face on it The official says that sending the email was "  unwise behavior " Despite criticism , the official says she does not need to resign
CNN  -- It 's not every day that just two football matches produce a cricket score -- in this case an incredible 146 goals -- and Nigerian football authorities are so suspicious of the games in question that they have been referred to the police as a "  criminal matter . " As both Plateau United Feeders and Police Machine FC battled to reach the fifth tier of the Nigerian football league on Monday , the amateur sides racked up 79-0 and 67-0 wins respectively . At half-time , the teams had managed a relatively meager 13 goals between them -- only for the avalanche to begin as the teams tried to outdo one another on goal difference . The Nigeria Football Federation  NFF  indefinitely suspended the winning sides and their beaten opponents as it launched an investigation into an incident it termed "  a mind-boggling show of shame never previously witnessed in Nigerian football . " The scores were the biggest seen in African football since Madagascar 's AS Adema won 149-0 in a 2002 match where losing side Stade Olympique l'Emyrne scored numerous own goals in protest at a refereeing decision . "  We have reported the matter to police as it is a criminal matter , " the NFF 's Assistant Media Director Ademola Olajire , told CNN . "  They will do their due diligence , and we will also do our own investigation . The results of our investigation are likely to result in very , very severe penalties for all involved . The clubs may be banned for life . " One of the losing sides , Bubayaro , has already been disbanded by its president following their thrashing by Police Machine FC , while Akurba FC were the side who shipped 79 goals . Like the NFF , Bubayaro owner Shuaibu-Gara Ahmed Gombe also referred the incident to police in Bauchi State , which is where the playoff matches took place . But those associated with the club can not wash their hands of the matter by simply closing Bubayaro down , says Olajire . "  We still have details of their officials , " he explained . "  They still exist as people and they will have to answer to the police . " In its initial statement , the NFF described the results as "  scandalous " . The material benefit for whichever side won promotion was minimal , says Olajire , and the players themselves would gain little by stepping up a division . Even wages for those playing in Nigeria 's elite Premier League rarely top $ 200 per month . "  Getting into the  fifth  division is no great shakes financially , " the NFF media spokesman said . "  Even clubs in the second division struggle to make ends meet . There is sponsorship for teams in the Premier League but very little compared to what they pay to play games around the country . " Football 's world governing body FIFA is also interested in what action the NFF takes . "  The matter is firstly the responsibility of the Nigerian Football -LSB- Federation -RSB- , " FIFA told CNN in a statement . "  Therefore FIFA is currently monitoring the situation and waiting for action taken by the Nigerian -LSB- federation -RSB- . " As they entered the third and final round of matches to determine which team would gain promotion to the Nationwide League Division 3 , Plateau United and Police Machine were level on points , goal difference and goals scored . Both sides had managed a total of just two goals in their previous two games but at halftime in the decisive matches , Plateau United were 7-0 up and holding the advantage as their opponents had scored one fewer . The second half witnessed a tsunami of goals , with United netting on 72 occasions and Police Machine plundering 61 strikes themselves . Police Matter One thorny issue for those leading the inquiry is that Yola-based Police Machine are a side that represent Nigeria 's police force . "  This will be a very dispassionate job , " the NFF 's Olajire added . "  We believe the police will do a fair job , no matter that a police team is involved . "  I want to assure you that this matter will interest the Director General of police , Mohammed Abubakar , who is a former member of the NFF board . " CNN tried to contact police authorities in Nigeria but they were not immediately available for comment . Neither were officials from clubs that traditionally lack presence both domestically and online . News of what leading NFF official Mike Umeh has called a "  scandal of huge proportions " come in a year when Nigerian football has been on the up . Earlier this year , the West African country won the Africa Cup of Nations when beating Burkina Faso in the final , the Super Eagles ' first continental title since 1994 and their third overall . However , Olajire does not believe the playoff farce will be of any detriment to the standing of Nigerian football around the world . "  You have people who try to break the law everywhere . What matters are the steps that are taken next . We want to assure you that the NFF is on top of this . "	Nigeria Football Federation refers "  scandalous " results to police for investigation Plateau United and Police Machine won 79-0 and 67-0 respectively World governing body FIFA tells CNN it is monitoring Nigeria Football Federation 's actions
Washington  CNN  Republican 2016 presidential maneuvering dominated our Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table : The cast changes , somewhat , at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference , but for years the format has been the same : back-to-back-to-back-to-back speeches by politicians and activists . But this year will be different , and perhaps include some interesting interaction involving 2016 Republican presidential hopefuls . Politico 's Mike Allen had the scoop on some of the new format ideas on the table as the planning enters its final stages . "  They 're going to try to have as many of the candidates on stage as they can , maybe with an anchor asking them questions , then maybe have their board members asking the questions , have people from the audience asking them questions , " he said . "  And that 's part of the Conservative Political Action Conference trying to say to Republicans , ` We 're going to play a role in vetting these people . Here 's what they look like without a teleprompter . ' " It 's no surprise that Texas Sen. Ted Cruz will be speaking to two big conservative gatherings this month : the annual conferences of CPAC and The Club for Growth . But this will be fun to watch : an incursion into "  enemy " territory . Cruz has agreed to be the keynote speaker next week at the Duval County GOP Lincoln Day Dinner in Jacksonville , Florida -- home territory of GOP prospects Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio . Cruz is also staffing up as he gets closer to making the obvious official . CNN is told that longtime Newt Gingrich spokesman and strategist Rick Tyler is joining the Cruz political operation , adding a veteran communications operative with D.C. and presidential campaign experience to the team . Jeb Bush is an obvious winner now that Mitt Romney has bowed out of the 2016 GOP race : The two leading establishment figures were courting many of the same donors and operatives . But Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker also sensed an opening and acted quickly , and CNN 's Peter Hamby tells us it was a smart and effective play . "  He has been as aggressive as Jeb Bush in making phone calls and hiring staff , digital people , fundraisers , " said Hamby . "  This is really interesting to watch , because the invisible primary is not just about poll numbers and who 's up and who 's down . It 's what you 're doing with it . And he 's actually done a lot , especially with the departure of Mitt Romney from the field . " South Carolina 's senior senator , Lindsey Graham , says he might make a long-shot bid for the GOP nomination . Now , his junior colleague , Sen. Tim Scott , is making moves to expand his influence in the state that votes third in the nominating process . Scott this week is playing host to Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , yet another 2016 prospect , for a forum about educational choice . And Nia-Malika Henderson of The Washington Post reports that it 's part of an effort by Scott to expand his national profile and influence in the presidential race . He is up for re-election in 2016 , and he plans to help his campaign by inviting all of the Republican presidential contenders to join him . "  Not certain yet whether or not he 'll actually make an endorsement , " said Henderson . "  Someone asked him whether or not Lindsey Graham runs , whether or not that would be an automatic endorsement . He said maybe , maybe not . " His endorsement would help , and Henderson says that while Scott very much likes and respects his colleague Graham , he ca n't take things for granted . Mitt Romney decided against a third run for the presidency in 2016 , but Democrats are n't ready to throw away their anti-Romney playbook just yet . As long as Jeb Bush has a prominent place in the GOP field , the Democrats think -- Julie Pace of The Associated Press tells us -- those notes might still come in handy . "  They both worked in finance , they both backed the Wall Street bailout , they both opposed the auto bailout , " said Pace . "  After Jeb Bush makes his speeches , you sometimes get notes from Democrats saying : ` Oh , look how similar this is to things Mitt Romney said . ' "  The obvious advantage for Jeb Bush is that he 's seen this playbook run before . He may be able to come up with a better strategy than Mitt . "	The Conservative Political Action Conference is considering a new format for the 2016 candidates Ted Cruz is planning a Florida incursion , and he 's made a new hire Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker seizes the moment as Mitt Romney exits the GOP race
CNN  -- Before super yachts , luxury sailboats and passenger ferries , the preferred method of water travel was by steamboat . Until the first steamboat was built in the late 1700s , boats were powered by wind and sail . Since steamboats did n't depend as much on wind direction and currents , they offered more control . Steam engines function similarly to a tea kettle on a stove , says Matthew Schulte , executive director of the Steamship Historical Society of America . Water is heated to a boil , creating steam that 's controlled under pressure . The steam is then released , mechanically powering the vessel and getting the engine moving . By the mid-19th century , steamboats became a popular mode of transportation in America , Schulte said . "  The rivers , lakes and oceans could serve as a network of transportation long before trails , railroads and highways could accommodate the masses , " said Schulte . While steam and sail boats operated simultaneously into the early 1900s , steamboats remained dominant into the mid-20th century , when ships powered by diesel engines started to become mainstream . Because of their immense size and weight , and the large crew necessary to operate them , steamboats were much more expensive to operate than ships powered by smaller , lighter , modern diesel engines . With steamboats , "  You can see , smell and hear what 's happening , and then understand why they work just from going on one , " Schulte said . "  The Belle of Louisville turns 100 this year , which offers a great opportunity for people to participate . " Here are seven steamboats -- including the Belle -- that visitors can still enjoy in the United States . Some are old , some are new and one offers more fun beyond sightseeing . 31 ca n't - miss U.S. beaches Belle of Louisville , Kentucky Celebrating its 100th birthday in October , Kentucky 's Belle of Louisville , located in the town for which it was named , is one of the oldest operating steamboats in the world . The boat still has its original steam engines , and no modern navigation equipment . It 's propelled by paddle wheel , operating as it did 100 years ago . When the boat was built in Pittsburgh , it was designed as a ferry and freight vessel but outfitted for passengers for its later use as an excursion boat . During its lifetime , seven million people have traveled on the 200-foot-long Belle . It was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1989 . Celebrate at the Centennial Festival of Riverboats in Louisville from October 14-19 . The festival will include six days of festivities on the water and on land , with a showcase of food and beverages , children 's educational areas , concerts and fireworks . Katahdin , Maine In the 1800s , steamboats were abundant on Moosehead Lake in Greenville , Maine . But by the 1930 's , the Katahdin was the only one left on the lake . Built in 1914 , Katahdin is another steamboat celebrating its 100th birthday this year . In the 1920s , Northern Maine was a popular vacation spot for visitors from Philadelphia , New York and Boston desperate to escape the summer heat and pollution . With the stock market crash in 1929 , the leisure travel industry declined , as did lake transportation on Moosehead . A decade later , Katahdin 's new purpose was hauling logs along the river . It was used that way until 1975 , when it participated in the nation 's last log drive . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places three years later . The Moosehead Marine Museum acquired Katahdin several years after the museum 's founding in 1976 . In 2010 , the museum raised more than $ 1 million to restore the Katahdin and rebuild its wharf . In the summer and fall of 2013 , more than 7,000 passengers cruised the lake on the Katahdin , enjoying a ride on a piece of maritime history . 50 states , 50 spots : natural wonders Minnehaha , Minnesota The steamboat Minnehaha was launched in 1906 to ferry residents from across Lake Minnetonka to the town of the same name , where streetcars sat waiting as land transportation . The Minnehaha was also used by people wanting a tour of the lake , and it remained a popular means of transportation for both groups until the late 1920s , when steamboats began to fade away . Although it cruises the same water today , the Minnehaha spent decades on the bottom of the lake . The steamboat sank in 1926 and was n't raised until 1980 . Ten years after Minnehaha was brought to the surface , the restoration began and was completed in 1996 . The wood hull was rebuilt because of damage caused by spending a decade on land , and the original boiler that burned coal was converted to a model that burns fuel . While the ship 's engine is n't the original one , it dates back to the late 1930s . African Queen , Florida Perhaps the most famous steamboat still in operation , Florida 's African Queen starred alongside Humphrey Bogart and Katharine Hepburn in the 1951 film of the same name . The boat was built in 1912 in Lytham , England , for use by the East Africa British Railways Company . It originally carried cargo , hunting parties and missionaries along the Victoria Nile and Lake Albert , on the border of Congo and Uganda . The boat continued to operate in Africa until 1968 when it was brought to the United States , working in San Francisco , Oregon and finally in Florida . The African Queen has been in Key Largo since 1982 , providing cruises for visitors wanting a ride on the famous boat . Sabino , Connecticut Mystic , Connecticut 's Sabino is believed to be the oldest wooden , coal-fired steamboat still operating in the United States . Built in 1908 in East Boothbay , Maine , the Sabino was originally named the Tourist , carrying freight and passengers in Maine 's waters . After a private restoration , the Sabino was purchased in 1974 for use as a working exhibit at the Mystic Seaport museum . The Sabino still has the two-cylinder steam engine that was installed in 1908 , carrying passengers on daily cruises along the Mystic River . The Sabino is a "  bell boat , " with control of the engine handled directly by the engineer who receives orders from the captain via bell . One ring means forward , two mean reverse . 10 stunning waterfalls across the U.S. American Empress , Washington The youngest steamboat on the list , Washington 's American Empress was launched this past April . The ship was actually built in 2003 , cruising Alaska as the Empress of the North for five years . The boat remained out of service until it was purchased and renamed by the American Queen Steamboat Company in 2013 . Ports and excursions on the multi-day cruises along the Columbia and Snake Rivers include Sacajawea State Park , the Walla Walla wine trail , Mount St. Helens and numerous stops in Oregon . Cruises often feature a "  riverlorian " to share the history and culture of the region with curious visitors . Miss Belterra Riverboat Casino , Indiana If it 's a roll of the dice or slots you seek rather than just sightseeing , Florence , Indiana 's Miss Belterra might be the boat for you . Opened in 2000 , Las Vegas casino-inspired and design and dÃ © cor elements grace the interior , with the exterior resembling classic riverboats of the 1800s . Miss Belterra is 370 feet long and features 38,000 square feet of game tables and slots on two of its decks . The boat holds about 3,000 people and offers the sounds and atmosphere of a land-locked casino . Although gambling laws no longer require Miss Belterra to leave port , guests can still enjoy the historic feel and thrill of gambling on the water . 10 wilderness spots turning 50	Once a popular form of transportation , few steamboats cruise the waters today Kentucky 's Belle of Louisville and Maine 's Katahdin celebrate big birthdays this year There are newer steamboats , including the American Empress and Miss Belterra
CNN  -- Italy and the Netherlands sealed their places in the World Cup finals in Brazil next year while England survived an uncomfortable night in Kiev against Ukraine in key qualifying matches Tuesday . Mario Balotelli scored the winner as Italy came from behind to beat the Czech Republic 2-1 to seal Group B , while the Dutch had a pair of Robin van Persie goals to thank for a 2-0 win in Andorra to wrap up Group D of European qualifying . Roy Hodgson 's England battled to a goalless draw to maintain their leadership of Group H , one point clear of Ukraine and Montenegro with two rounds of matches remaining . It was an unconvincing performance and visiting goalkeeper Joe Hart was the busier goalkeeper in a match of few clear cut chances , but Frank Lampard , making his 100th appearance for England nearly grabbed the winner with a headed effort in injury time . Italy fell behind to a 19th minute Libor Kozak volleyed strike in Turin , but the Azzurri struck back through Giorgio Chiellini in the 51st minute before Balotelli stepped up to hit the winner past Petr Cech from the spot three minutes later to set the four-time champions on the road to Brazil . Milan 's Balotelli had a mixed night , wasting several chances to put his side firmly in control , before winning the penalty as he was crudely fouled by Theodor Gebre Selassie . To complete an ultimately disappointing night for the Czechs , Daniel Kolar was given his marching orders near the end . "  We 've qualified and we 're really satisfied , " said Italy coach Cesare Prandelli . "  Tonight there were spells in which we suffered physically but we also played some quality football . This squad has a lot of quality , " he told AFP . Fellow powerhouses Germany need just a single point from their final two matches to join them after a 3-0 win in the Faroe Islands , with Per Mertesacker , Arsenal new boy Mesut Ozil and Thomas Muller scoring the goals . Sweden still have a mathematical chance of overhauling the Group C leaders after Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's first minute goal in the 1-0 win in Kazakhstan , but the Germans can seal qualification next month when they play the Republic of Ireland . Switzerland are also all but assured of a finals place , five points clear of Iceland in Group E as a pair of Fabian Schar goals saw off Norway 2-0 . France revived their hopes by breaking a scoring drought which had lasted 526 minutes in a fighting 4-2 win in the Belarus . Franck Ribery canceled out a Egor Filipenko opener for the hosts and then equalized for the second time after Timofei Kalachev 's effort . Samir Nasri and Paul Pogba grabbed vital late goals to clinch victory for the French , who draw level with world champions Spain on points in Group I. Spain , who have played a game less , were salvaging a 2-2 draw with Chile in a friendly in Geneva , equalizing for the second time in added time through Jesus Navas . Eduardo Vargas netted twice for the South Americans , with Tottenham striker Roberto Soldado canceling out his first effort . Wales ' 3-0 home defeat to Serbia in Group A was notable for the appearance of Real Madrid 's new world record signing Gareth Bale , who played for half an hour as a second half substitute and almost scored with a late free kick . Bale has not played since a pre season friendly for his former side Tottenham , nursing a foot injury . Earlier , Jordan won a marathon penalty shootout 9-8 with hosts Uzbekistan to qualify for an intercontinental playoff , with the winners reaching next year 's finals . They will play South America 's fifth placed team after a topsy turvy contest in Tashkent . The home side went ahead through Anzur Ismailov and dominated much of the first half , only for Saeed Murjan to level with a stunning half volley strike just before the interval . Despite several chances for either side , the match went into extra time , which was delayed for 18 minutes by a floodlight failure . The penalty drama was intense until the unfortunate Ismailov failed to convert his effort to leave the visitors celebrating .	Italy and Netherlands seal spots in World Cup finals in Brazil Mario Balotelli scores the winner as Italy beat Czech Republic Robin van Persie double in 2-0 win for the Dutch in Andorra England hold Ukraine to a draw in vital Group H qualifier in Kiev
CNN  -- Running back Todd Gurley , one of the front-runners for college football 's Heisman Trophy , was suspended indefinitely on Thursday by the University of Georgia as the school investigates a possible violation of NCAA rules . "  I 'm obviously very disappointed , " Georgia head football coach Mark Richt said in a two-paragraph statement on the school 's athletics department website . Gurley has rushed for 773 yards in five games and scored eight touchdowns for 10th-ranked Georgia . He also had a 100-yard kickoff return for a touchdown . The Bulldogs are scheduled to play at Missouri on Saturday . Georgia did n't say what kind of alleged violation officials are investigating . Bleacher Report predicted this week that Gurley , a junior from Tarboro , North Carolina , will be a mid-first round pick in next year 's NFL draft .	The University of Georgia did n't divulge the nature of the possible NCAA violation Gurley is a junior and could be a high pick in next year 's NFL draft Coach Mark Richt says : "  I 'm obviously very disappointed "
CNN  -- Earlier this week , Brian Shepherd sat down in a small doctor 's office in Bethesda , Maryland . A technician swabbed his arm and gave him a quick jab with a needle . With that , Shepherd became subject No. 13 in the experiment testing a potential Ebola vaccine . The trial was launched on an emergency basis earlier this month by the National Institute on Allergy and Infectious Disease . It 's the first to test this kind of Ebola vaccine in humans . "  It 's not just for the money , " Shepherd wrote in a Reddit AMA . "  I 'm very interested in translational research and experiencing it from the guinea pig side is very rewarding . But yeah , the money helps . This one study will fund most of my grad school application costs , though not in time for application season . " The vaccine does n't use live virus and ca n't infect volunteers with Ebola . Instead it uses specific Ebola proteins to trigger an immune response . They 're delivered through the body on a modified version of an adenovirus , a type of cold virus . In the initial phase , 10 healthy volunteers were given a low dose of vaccine . They were monitored for side effects and tested to see if their bodies are producing antibodies . In the second phase , of which Brian is a part , an additional 10 volunteers are being given a higher dose . All participants will be followed for nearly a year and tested at regular intervals . Shepherd , who has volunteered for several prior research studies at NIH , spoke with CNN about his experience . The following is a condensed version of that conversation : CNN : How did you come to join the study ? Brian Shepherd : I actually work at NIH ; I 'm a post-doc researcher in a developmental biology lab . Most trials I learn about from reading a ListServ  email list  . I heard about the vaccine study from going to preliminary meetings for a different study . CNN : When was this ? Shepherd : Less than a month ago . I had my first appointment on August 26 . It was just a sit-down , to talk about the trial , go through paperwork and consent forms , explaining what the trial was for . Then they did an initial run-through of my health history . CNN : What was next ? Shepherd : The next week I had my second appointment . They did a full physical , blood work , health history , breathing checks . A lot of poking and prodding . My third visit was Wednesday . They drew blood , then gave me a shot . Now , my next appointment is Sunday . CNN : What was it like ? You wrote that pulling off the Band-aid was the worst of the pain . Shepherd : I 'm supposed to keep a daily diary for the first seven days , logging my temperature and any symptoms . The next morning , I woke up with a slight fever , 100.5 . I took some Tylenol and it went away . Other than that I feel fine . In fact , I ran a half-mile in a relay race at lunchtime with some people from work . CNN : You wrote that for each of these regular visits , you 're paid $ 175 . How many times have you been a human guinea pig ? Shepherd : This is my second drug trial . Before that , I did mostly MRI studies . The first one I did , I was in the MRI machine and had three tasks . They gave me two buttons and showed pictures . If it was Spiderman , I 'd hit one button ; if it was the Green Goblin , I 'd hit the other . So I spent 15 minutes playing Spiderman vs. Green Goblin . CNN : Did you have any reservation at all , taking part in this Ebola vaccine trial ? Shepherd : None at all .	Brian Shepherd is a healthy volunteer who agreed to test an Ebola vaccine After receiving the vaccination he had a slight fever , but it went away He will be monitored for a year for side effects
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Scientific tests prove bones housed in the Basilica of St. Paul in Rome are those of the apostle St. Paul himself , according to Pope Benedict XVI . Pope Benedict XVI looks at the tomb of St. Paul at the Basilica of St. Paul in Rome in 2007 . "  Tiny fragments of bone " in the sarcophagus were subjected to carbon dating , showing they "  belong to someone who lived in the first or second century , " the pope said in a homily carried on Italian television . "  This seems to confirm the unanimous and undisputed tradition that these are the mortal remains of the Apostle St. Paul , " Benedict said in Sunday 's announcement . The tomb also holds "  traces of a precious linen cloth , purple in color and laminated with pure gold , and a blue colored textile with linen filaments , " the pope said . The tests were carried out by inserting a probe into a small opening in the sarcophagus , "  which had not been opened for many centuries , " the pontiff said . The probe "  also revealed the presence of grains of red incense and traces of protein and limestone . " Separately , archaeologists have uncovered an image of St. Paul which "  could be considered the oldest icon of the apostle known to date , " the Vatican 's official newspaper reported Sunday . The painting , in the St. Tecla Catacomb , is "  among the oldest and best-defined figures from ancient Christianity , " according to the Pontifical Commission for Sacred Archaeology , L'Osservatore Romano reported . St. Paul is one of the most significant figures in Christianity . Originally a persecutor of early Christians , he became a follower of Jesus after seeing a vision on the road to Damascus , according to Christian tradition . "  Saul , Saul , why are you persecuting me ? " the vision of Jesus asks Paul , using the apostle 's birth name , in the Acts of the Apostles . Saul then took the name Paul and became a missionary . His letters , or epistles , to early Christian communities around the Mediterranean form a significant portion of the New Testament . Paul was beheaded by Roman authorities sometime between 65 and 67 A.D. , according to the Catholic Church . He was buried a few miles away , and when the Roman Empire stopped persecuting Christians some 250 years later , the Emperor Constantine had a basilica built over his grave . It currently lies under a marble tombstone bearing the Latin inscription PAULO APOSTOLO MART  Apostle Paul , martyr  , according to the Web site of the basilica . A papal altar stands over the tombstone , which is visible through a window-like opening , the Web site says . Monday marks the end of a year of celebration in honor of the 2,000 th anniversary of St. Paul 's birth . It also happens to be the feast day of Saints Peter and Paul . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Scientific tests prove bones are those of the apostle St. Paul , pope says Vatican tomb also holds "  traces of a precious linen cloth " Tests were carried out by inserting probe into small opening in sarcophagus
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Kay Hagan 's campaign said late Wednesday the North Carolina Democrat missed a classified hearing last winter on the threat from the terrorist group ISIS to go to New York to raise money for her re-election . Hagan admitted earlier this week she did n't attend a hearing because she went to the fundraiser but did n't disclose which hearing she missed . Her decision to skip the Armed Services Committee session -- at which high-level administration intelligence officials filled in senators on top secret details about the group -- is drawing fire from her Republican opponent , North Carolina House Speaker Thom Tillis , who is narrowly trailing her in recent polls . The Feb. 27 , 2014 classified ISIS hearing she missed adds to a long list of Armed Services Committee hearings Hagan has already acknowledged skipping . Her aides had previously explained she missed 27 of 49 public hearings over the last two years because of scheduling conflicts with other Senate business , such as hearings for different committees and meetings with North Carolina constituents . Tillis is betting her absences from the national security hearings will hurt the first-term senator 's re-election effort in the Republican-leaning Tar Heel state -- which has a very large military population -- even though he too has faced criticism for missing work in the state capital in order to attend his own fundraisers . "  There is nothing more important than receiving briefings on our national security , " Tillis told reporters on a conference call Wednesday . "  It 's the top responsibility of every Member of Congress . Senator Hagen has failed to do her job . What is her excuse for not showing up to work over half the time ? " Tillis released an ad on Thursday slamming Hagan for missing hearings . Charges that incumbents have missed hearings , briefings , votes , and other official work are popping up in a several closely-fought Senate races this year . The notion that lawmakers are not showing at the jobs they were elected to do infuriates many voters and feeds a narrative that Washington is broken and office holders need to be replaced . Democratic campaign operatives in Washington , who are already battling headwinds in their effort to keep the Senate in Democratic control , conducted private polling on the question so they could fully understand its impact . The results showed the issue is very potent and could damage even seasoned candidates . Senate math seems impossible to some Democrats In this year 's midterm campaigns , Republican challengers have accused Democratic senators Mark Udall of Colorado and Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire of missing hearings related to the threat from the terrorist group ISIS . Rep. Bruce Braley , the Democratic candidate for Senate in Iowa , faced a barrage of TV ads accusing him of not appearing at hearings on the Veterans Administration 's recent health care scandal . "  When our veterans needed him , Bruce Braley was AWOL , " one TV ad this summer charged . In another tight race , Kentucky Democratic Senate candidate Allison Grimes blasted Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell for missing hearings of the agriculture and appropriations committees and suggested he was too busy with his leadership duties to deal with the needs of Kentuckians . The allegations that Hagan missed so many Armed Services Committee hearings first came to light last month . But at a news conference Tuesday night , following a debate with Tillis , Hagan was asked directly , "  Did you miss any of these meetings specifically for a fundraiser ? " "  You know , there was one , " she responded . "  And what had happened at that hearing , it was scheduled early in the day . And then votes were scheduled , and that hearing then had to be postponed later that day . So , yes , I did miss that one . " The fact that she skipped such an important hearing , at which the Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency took questions from senators on "  current and future worldwide threats to the national security of the United States , " according to the committee website , could prove politically difficult for voters to understand . On his conference call , Tillis was asked about why he missed work in the North Carolina House to raise campaign cash . He deflected the question but said , "  Quite honestly , if I had anything approaching the seriousness of the threat of ISIS , I would have canceled anything I was doing . " DSCC ad : Tillis in Koch brothers ' pocket Whether voters will accept Hagan 's and Tillis 's explanations remains to be seen . But one of the dirty little truths about the way Washington works is that lawmakers from both parties have very busy schedules and do n't attend all the hearings of the committees and subcommittees to which they are assigned . Even veteran senators from safe states will bristle at the suggestion they might have skipped a national security hearing or classified briefing to attend something that could be perceived as political in nature . That 's because they 've learned that voters do n't take it lightly .	Sen. Kay Hagan 's admission might hurt her chances at re-election Republican challenger Thom Tillis says Hagan "  failed to do her job " Similar charges have been made ahead of hard-fought midterms
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least 28 people , many of them Hindu pilgrims , were killed and eight were injured when they were hit by an express train at a station in eastern India on Monday , authorities said . The people were getting off a local passenger train when the fast-moving express train plowed into them , officials said . People at the station reacted furiously , setting the express train on fire and severely beating its driver , railway officials said . The collision took place around 9:15 a.m. Monday at Dhamara station in the eastern state of Bihar , said Syed Parvez Alam , a senior local official who gave the approximate death toll . "  It 's very difficult to give exact number of casualties right now as bodies are badly crushed , " a top Bihar police official , S.K. Bharadwaj , told reporters . The deaths are another shocking example of the thousands of people who are reported killed on the tracks of India 's colossal rail system each year . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed "  deep sorrow and shock at the loss of lives of pilgrims , " his office said in a statement . Officials resign after stampede at rail stations kills 36 A Hindu holy month Monday is an auspicious day in the holy month of Shravan , when many devotees of Shiva , the Hindu god of destruction , head to holy sites across the country . India 's state-run railway authorities said the local train passengers were walking on the tracks when the express train struck them . "  This station is a station in which there were two trains that were already standing because they were supposed to stop there and a super-fast express train was made to pass through there as part of the schedule , " Arunendra Kumar , the chairman of the Indian Railway Board , told reporters . "  The passengers got out of the train and got on to the track , and they were moving on that track at the time the train came and got run over , " Kumar said . He said that it was n't yet the right time "  to talk about responsibility " and that "  the primary focus is on relief . " Train mows down three elephants in India Driver ` brutally beaten ' But Adhir Ranjan Choudhary , the Indian minister of state for railways , said that relief trains sent to the area had had to stop far away from the scene because of the violent reaction by the people there . The relief trains are waiting for police to reach the scene before they enter the area , Choudhary told reporters . Kumar said the driver of the express train was being treated for serious injuries at a hospital after being "  brutally beaten " by the angry people at the station . In his statement , the prime minister appealed for calm "  so that the relief and rescue operations can be carried out without any hindrance . " About 15,000 people die each year simply trying to cross India 's mammoth network of railway lines , a report by a safety panel said last year . People are dying , it said , because of unmanned train crossings and a lack of barricades , fences and pedestrian bridges . Or the platforms are too narrow and stations lack facilities such as elevators for the disabled . CNN 's Sumnima Udas , Harmeet Shah Singh and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : The train driver is seriously injured after being beaten , a railway official says An express train hit people who were on the tracks , officials say They had just gotten off a local train at a station in Bihar state People at the scene reacted by setting the express train on fire , an official says
CNN  -- Two men died Saturday morning when their pickup collided head-on with one of Trace Adkins ' tour buses north of Shreveport , Louisiana . Adkins was not on the bus , but five members of his band and crew suffered minor injuries , the country music singer 's Web site said . The bus was en route to Bossier City for a show at the CenturyTel Center . Adkins had already arrived at the venue when he heard the news , according to his Web site . "  This is a real tragedy , " Adkins said in a statement . "  Two people have been killed and I do n't even know their names . So out of respect for their families , I prefer not to comment too much at this time . " Adkins said he would perform a scaled-down acoustic set at Saturday 's show , which also featured singer Martina McBride . He will sit out a show in Pensacola , Florida , on Sunday . Adkins began his music career more than a decade ago with a platinum-selling debut , and has released nine albums since then . In 2008 , he appeared on NBC 's "  The Celebrity Apprentice , " and last year , ventured into the world of comic books with the launch of the four-part "  Luke McBain , " based on his likeness and persona . He is also the author of a book , "  A Personal Stand : Observations and Opinions from a Freethinking Roughneck . "	Two people in pickup truck died Saturday in collision with Trace Adkins ' tour bus Adkins was not on bus during crash Adkins performed at concert Saturday , but he will sit out tour stop on Sunday
The sons of at least three government ministers , the head of a public bank , several bureaucrats and high-profile businessmen were detained by Turkish police Tuesday as part of a sweeping corruption probe , state-run media reported . Analysts called the move a signal of the growing rift within Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's ruling party ahead of local elections in the spring . The detentions came after a two-year probe by the Istanbul Prosecutor 's Office into allegations of corruption including money laundering , gold smuggling and bribery , according to the semi-official Anadolu news agency . Police carried out dawn raids in Istanbul and Ankara , according to local media , including the headquarters of Halkbank , a public bank that was alleged to play a role in sidelining sanctions on Iran in a gold-for-oil scheme last year . The sons of Interior Minister Muammer Guler , Economy Minister Zafer Caglayan and Environment and Urban Planning Minister Erdogan Bayraktar were detained in the raids , according to local media . The head of a large construction company , Ali Agaoglu , was also brought in within the scope of the investigation , though the CEO of the company later told Dogan News Agency that Agaoglu was not the focus of the investigation . Local commentators and analysts see the raids as the most public confirmation of the developing rift between Erdogan 's ruling party and supporters of Fethullah Gulen , an Islamic cleric living in Pennsylvania whose loose network of followers are thought to hold key positions within the judiciary and police force . The Hizmet Movement , the name preferred by Gulen 's followers , has in the past thrown its support behind the ruling Justice and Development Party , or AKP , led by Erdogan , but the two have been publicly at odds over the last month . "  It was a forced marriage and now it 's an ugly divorce , " said Ahmet Sik , a journalist who wrote a book on Gulen and his influence within the judiciary and the police force . Last month , Erdogan announced that he would shut down college admission tutorial centers , a large source of revenue and recruitment opportunity for the Gulenists . On Monday , Hakan Sukur -- a former footballer and Gulen follower who was elected to parliament on the AKP party ticket -- resigned from the party , citing the government 's stance on tutorial centers . "  This is all a judicial process , it would not be right for me to say anything until the outcome , " Erdogan told reporters in Konya . But in a fiery speech he delivered there he said "  those who are receiving the support of financial circles and media can not change the direction of this country . Those who are supported by dark circles from inside and outside the country can not change the direction of Turkey . " Turkey is expected to hold local elections in 2014 and many analysts see this as a test of Erdogan 's grip on power after a turbulent year of unprecedented anti-government protests .	Analysts say the detentions show rift within Erdogan 's party Ministers ' sons , a bank president , bureaucrats caught up in the sweep Erdogan : Those supported by "  dark circles " can not change direction of Turkey
CNN  -- A Nevada city councilwoman who faced possible sanctions over a travel expense voucher and public comments was found dead with her husband Tuesday , hours before a City Council meeting that had the issues involving her on its agenda , officials said . Donna Fairchild and Bill Fairchild were found in a residence in the city of Mesquite , Nevada , on Interstate 15 near the border with Arizona , authorities said . Police got a call from the residence about 4:30 a.m. Each apparently suffered a single gunshot wound , the city said . Autopsies are scheduled for Wednesday . Results from the Clark County Coroner 's Office were expected to take four to six weeks , according to a statement from the city . Mesquite city spokesman Bryan Dangerfield would not comment on the circumstances of their deaths but said police confirmed that a note and a 9 mm handgun were found at the scene . "  The content of the note will not be disclosed until the investigation is complete , " Dangerfield said . City Manager Timothy Hacker said he believed that Donna Fairchild was concerned about the agenda items , according to CNN Las Vegas affiliate KLAS . The City Council was required to meet Tuesday night , but in light of the day 's events , Dangerfield said the allegations against Fairchild probably would not be debated . Two prayers were offered by pastors during the meeting , he said . Fairchild , who was a candidate for mayor , told the Desert Valley Times last week that she would not comment on the allegations against her , but instead would talk about them Tuesday night . Mayor Susan Holecheck and City Attorney Cheryl Truman Hunt had planned to ask the City Council to consider sanctioning Fairchild through possible reprimand , removal from boards or expulsion for filing a $ 94.60 mileage reimbursement request with the city for a January 4 Nevada Development Authority board meeting she allegedly did not attend , according to an item on the council agenda . Fairchild allegedly violated the city 's code of conduct and its personnel policy , and allegedly fraudulently presented a claim to a public officer , Hunt wrote in a January 18 memo . Holecheck , who is seeking re-election , and Hunt also wanted the City Council to consider removing Fairchild as the city 's representative to the Nevada Development Authority board of directors . According to a filing on the agenda , comments Fairchild made about the development authority in a newspaper article "  were negative towards this agency , and deemed incompatible with the mission of the agency and good working relations with other NDA board members . " A January 7 article of the Desert Valley Times includes interviews and comments from Mesquite mayoral candidates . In the article , Fairview said , "  We just got a bill from the Nevada Development Authority : It costs $ 7,500 to belong . There was one thing that came out of the NDA , and that was Do It Best . That was huge for the community , but I do n't think we 're getting the bang for our buck . " In the article , Fairchild said that Mesquite should be doing most of its own marketing . NDA Executive Director Somer Hollingsworth wrote Holecheck that Fairchild -- who was the city 's representative to the board since July 2009 -- should have brought her concerns to him , rather than airing them publicly , especially since she was a member of the NDA executive committee , according to an e-mail attached with the filing . According to the agenda item , Fairchild could have discussed her issues with the NDA if she had attended the January 4 board meeting . Messages seeking comment were left with Holecheck and Hunt on Tuesday . A statement from the mayor 's office and City Council said , "  It is with a heavy heart that we make this announcement . Mesquite has lost two citizens that have devoted their life to public service . On behalf of myself and the City Council , this is a tremendous loss to our community and we express our deepest sympathies to the Fairchilds ' family , loved ones and friends . " Donna Fairchild served on the City Council from 2001 to 2007 and was re-elected in 2009 . She moved to Mesquite with Bill Fairchild in 1999 after they both retired from the Denver Police Department , the city said . Donna Fairchild also has been an EMT/paramedic and news reporter for KIMN/KYGO radio in Denver . In Mesquite , Bill worked at a recreation center and was a member of the Virgin Valley Honor Guard and the Veterans of Foreign War . The Fairchilds were married for 21 years , the city said . CNN 's Melanie Whitley and Frances Causey contributed to this report .	Councilwoman Donna Fairchild faced possible sanctions City Council was to look at mileage reimbursement request She and her husband were found dead in Nevada city Each apparently died of single gunshot wounds
CNN  Passengers aboard a United Airlines flight from Chicago to Denver got sick from a cabin pressure issue that forced a quick landing , according to an airline spokeswoman . United Airlines Flight 1218 took off at 9:01 a.m. , but shortly after it reached 15,000 feet , the pilot took it below 10,000 feet and returned to O'Hare International Airport , according to tracking website FlightAware.com . Below 10,000 feet is a safe altitude for an unpressurized plane . "  The flight landed safely , and we requested paramedics meet the flight to assist a few customers who reported feeling ill , " said United Airlines spokeswoman Karen May . Seven ambulances met the plane and 175 patients complaining of ear pain or nausea were checked out , according to the Chicago Fire Department . No passengers or crew were taken to the hospital . "  Maintenance is inspecting the aircraft as we accommodate the customers , " May said in the statement . FAA officials are also investigating the circumstances of the landing . The plane , a Boeing 737-900 , is almost brand new . Records show it was delivered to United in March of last year . As part of the manufacturing process each Boeing aircraft must withstand a two-hour long pressurization test , called a "  high blow . " The cabin is pressurized to nearly 15 pounds per square inch , well above the normal operating levels , to confirm it properly seals . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham and Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	A United flight returned to Chicago shortly after takeoff 175 passengers complaining of ear pain and nausea were checked out by medics No one was transported to a hospital
CNN  -- A sweaty , wild-eyed man in a stained undershirt hunches over his computer in a shadowy basement . He 's broken into your Facebook account and is reading your posts as his dirty , cracked fingernails paw at the keyboard . Rage  jealousy ? hate ?  builds as he flips through your photos and scrolls through your list of friends . He rocks back and forth , growing more agitated as the pages flash past . Then he consults a map of your city and heads to his car ... So why ... oh , why ... did you include so much personal information -- and your address -- in your profile ? If that all sounds like the stuff of a digital-era horror movie , you 're not far off . "  Take This Lollipop " is an interactive short video that 's been making its way around the Web as Halloween approaches . Visitors to the site are first presented with an image of a lollipop with a razor blade in it -- do n't take candy from strangers , kids -- and asked to grant access to their Facebook account . Do n't worry : The application claims it uses your data only once , then deletes it . But the creepy results just might make you think twice about who else gets access to your online information . The video uses the developer tool Facebook Connect and features actor Bill Oberst Jr.  whose credits range from "  The Secret Life of Bees " to the inexplicably Oscarless "  Nude Nuns With Big Guns "  as the aforementioned grungy nutjob . As he stares at his computer , it 's actual photos and other information from your page that he 's scrolling through .  Note to parents : If you 're tagged in pictures of your kids , be ready for those to pop up , too . It ups the ante on creepiness exponentially  . In the weeks since the video went live , viewers have begun sharing it with friends and asking them to video-record themselves while watching it .  This one from YouTube has more than 18,000 views , not to mention a vaguely "  Blair Witch Project " vibe . Creator Jason Zada , a commercial and viral marketing director who was the brains behind the viral "  Elf Yourself " online campaign for OfficeMax , told Porter Gale of Ad Age that he 'd been kicking around Halloween ideas and "  wanted to do something that messed with people . " He said the clip is definitely meant to spur thought about how much information we share online . "  Our privacy was dead a while back and will never be the same , " he said . "  Life as a whole has changed . If you look at the video , the scariest part is that your information is in the video . The piece is scary because a person is violating your privacy , not because it 's bloody or there 's anything jumping out . " As of Thursday morning , nearly 2 million people had "  liked " the page . How many of them are at Facebook 's headquarters remains unclear . "  I did hear the video project has been polarizing inside of Facebook , and I received a call from Facebook 's Developer Relations Team , " Zada said . "  They were very nice , respectable , and I explained I did n't want to cross any lines . "	"  Take This Lollipop " mines Facebook fears to make a short horror video In the viral clip , a creepy , crazed guy peers at your Facebook profile Creator Jason Zada says it shows how online "  privacy is dead " As Halloween nears , more than 2 million people have shared the video
Yayladagi , Turkey  CNN  -- Syrian security forces and helicopters sprayed automatic weapons fire into a crowd of thousands of protesters demonstrating Friday after prayers in the northern town of Maaret al-Nouman , witnesses said . At least four men were killed , activist Fadi Moustafa Sufi said . An activist who has provided CNN with reliable information in the past said the crowd numbered in the tens of thousands when security forces on the streets and an attack helicopter aloft opened fire . Some demonstrators used their personal weapons , including hunting rifles and AK-47s , to detain a number of members of the security forces when they ran out of ammunition , said the activist , who did not want to be named due to the sensitivity of the situation . He did not say that demonstrators exchanged fire with the security forces . Citing the intensity of the gunfire from the security forces , the activist predicted the death toll would rise . CNN can not independently confirm the activist 's report . Another of the demonstrators , activist Yusuf Mohamed Ali Hassan , said he was shot in the right thigh by machine-gun fire from a helicopter . "  I 'm at a friend 's house getting treatment secretly from a doctor , " Ali Hassan told CNN by telephone . "  I did n't go to the hospital because I do n't trust the hospitals . " The violence in Maaret al-Nouman erupted Friday after Syrian state television announced that the military had launched an operation to retake the nearby rebellious northern border town of Jisr Al-Shugur . Meanwhile , Syrian refugees and opposition activists who had fled the town fearing a government attack said they heard tanks firing as they advanced through villages while approaching Jisr Al-Shugur . "  In response to the appeal from the families , units of the Syrian military began implementing its function to restore security in Jisr Al-Shugur and surrounding villages and arresting a number of militants , " Syrian state TV announced Friday morning in a banner . "  They are attacking the village of Sirmaniya with tanks , " opposition activist Ali Hassan said in a phone call to CNN earlier in the day , referring to a village less than 10 kilometers southwest of Jisr Al-Shugur . This comes as anti-government demonstrators embarked on protests across the country , which has been engulfed in conflict between activists opposing the Bashar al-Assad regime and government forces working to clamp down on the outpourings . Every Friday for weeks , anti-government marches have been organized after Muslim prayers . Friday 's expression of discontent was dubbed "  the Friday of kinship , " denoting that all Syrians are part of one family . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 15 people have been killed in various locations , including Maaret al-Nouman . From a hilltop near Sirmaniya , Ali Hassan said he saw black smoke rising from the village and heard tank cannon firing several times a minute . The military advance spread panic throughout the civilian population . Residents say they had evacuated women and children from Jisr Al-Shugur in recent days . More than 3,800 Syrians have fled to Turkey , the semi-official Anatolia agency reported , and humanitarian workers feared many more were on the way . "  My family called  from Jisr Al-Shugur  and told me not to go back , " said a 27-year-old man named Ali who had fled his hometown and was camped out along the border with Turkey . The Syrian government announced it would punish Jisr Al-Shugur after it accused "  armed groups " of killing at least 120 security forces there several days ago . Refugees have disputed that claim . They say some soldiers rebelled after being ordered to open fire on unarmed protesters and started fighting among themselves instead . Ali Hassan , the opposition activist , smuggled himself across the border to the Turkish village of Guvecci to speak Thursday night with journalists . CNN has been denied permission to report inside Syria . Ali Hassan showed a video he said he had shot on his cell phone . It showed a column of thousands of unarmed male protesters walking near the town of Jabal al Zawiya , roughly 30 kilometers from Jisr Al-Shugur , on June 3 . Suddenly , long bursts of gunfire rang out , sending the demonstrators running and screaming for cover . "  This was a peaceful protest . The security forces started shooting at the people , " Ali Hassan said . "  They were 50 meters away from us . They were security officers wearing military uniforms . Some of them had beards and they did n't even speak Arabic . " Ali Hassan denied Syrian government accusations that the protesters were armed . "  I challenge anyone who says the protesters had guns or weapons , " Ali Hassan said . "  Nobody even carries a knife . I 'm responsible for searching people who are going to demonstrate . Even if they have a wooden stick , we do n't let them carry it . " Others making it over the border imparted similarly harrowing tales . One protester , shot last month in the leg and arm by Syrian security forces , was being treated at a hospital in Turkey . He said the security personnel opened fire at a peaceful protest one Friday and caused many casualties . "  We are oppressed and we want our freedom , " said the 23-year-old protester , who did n't want to be named for security reasons . A Syrian military officer said he and other troops defected because of the "  massacre of the people of Syria . " "  Our current mission is to protect unarmed protesters who are asking for freedom and democracy , " he said . The ongoing bloodshed in Syria is putting its neighbor and close trade partner Turkey in an increasingly uncomfortable position . On Thursday night , Turkey 's prime minister , a political ally of the Syrian president , warned "  we can not keep supporting Syria in the face of all these developments . " Speaking on Turkey 's ATV channel just three days before his party competes in parliamentary elections , Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he spoke four or five days ago with Assad . "  I explained this situation very clearly , " he said . "  Despite this , they take these matters very lightly . "  Syria is almost like an internal affair  for Turkey  . We have an 800 - to 900-kilometer border . We can not close our doors to those who run for their lives and want to take shelter in Turkey . " He added , "  How long can this continue ? " On Friday afternoon , at a refugee camp in the Turkish border town of Yayladagi , Syrian families chanted "  down with the regime " and "  thank you , Erdogan . " One man approached the fence of the abandoned tobacco factory where more than 1,500 refugees were being held and broke the rules imposed by the Turkish authorities to speak to CNN . He was crying and said all of his brothers were killed Friday at the protest in Maaret al-Nouman . "  We are protesting because of the massacre in Maaret al-Nouman , " another man said . A third man announced he would go on a hunger strike until the Assad regime collapses . Turkish police then shooed them away from the fence and the journalists . Journalist Rasha Qass Yousef and CNN 's Joe Duran and Arwa Damon contributed to this report	NEW : Activist , citing the intensity of the gunfire , predicts the death toll will rise Protesters attacked in Maaret al-Nouman , witnesses say More than 3,800 Syrian refugees have fled to Turkey Syrian families chant "  Thank you , Erdogan "
CNN  -- Lawyers for a California death row inmate plan to ask a Marin County Superior court judge Monday to block his execution . If the execution proceeds as scheduled on Wednesday , Albert Greenwood Brown could become the first person to be executed in California since 2006 , when legal challenges arose and prompted the state to revise its lethal injection procedure . He could also become the first inmate to be put to death in California 's new lethal injection chamber . On Sunday , Brown 's lawyers filed papers appealing a federal court judge 's refusal to block his execution . Brown also refused to choose between a one-drug lethal injection or a three-drug cocktail , CNN affiliate KTVU said . His refusal meant the state will use a cocktail made of three drugs if the execution goes forward . Brown was sentenced to death in 1982 for the rape and murder of Susan Jordan , who was walking to Arlington High School in Riverside , California , when Brown pulled her into an orange grove , according to court documents . He raped and strangled her with her own shoelace and took her school identification cards and books . Later that evening , Brown looked up her family in the phone book and called their home , the documents state . "  Hello , Mrs. Jordan , Susie is n't home from school yet , is she ? " court documents quoted him as saying . "  You will never see your daughter again . You can find her body on the corner of Victoria and Gibson . " He also placed a call to police directing them to her body . During the investigation , three witnesses identified Brown as being near the scene of the crime . Police also found Susan 's school books and newspaper articles about her death in Brown 's home , and clothing with semen stains in Brown 's work locker . During the penalty phase of Brown 's trial , his lawyer presented psychiatric evidence suggesting that he had emotional problems , including sexual maladjustment and dysfunction , and claimed he was remorseful . The jury deliberated for three hours before returning a death verdict , according to an opinion issued September 19 by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals . California 's last execution was on January 17 , 2006 , when Clarence Ray Allen was put to death for three counts of first-degree murder with special circumstances . From behind bars , he had helped orchestrate a deadly armed robbery at a convenience store . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	If it proceeds , Albert Greenwood Brown 's execution will be first since lethal injection review Brown refuses to choose between single injection or three-drug cocktail He was sentenced to death in 1982 for the rape and murder of 15-year-old Susan Jordan
What is a new record for hosting a single show , Alex ? "  Jeopardy! " host Alex Trebek should be giving that answer himself -- since he 's the man who set the record . On Friday , Trebek entered the Guinness World Records for "  most game show episodes hosted by the same presenter  one show  " with a hefty 6,829 . That 's 30 seasons of the answer-and-question landmark , which will begin its 31st season in September . Trebek , 73 , has hosted "  Jeopardy! " since its return in 1984 as a syndicated program , and he 's also hosted some prime-time incarnations . Before Trebek , "  Jeopardy! " was part of NBC 's daytime schedule and hosted by the late Art Fleming . A : This game show is celebrating 50 years . Q : What is "  Jeopardy! " ? Trebek , whose contract runs until 2016 , said he 's still enjoying the job . "  It 's an honor to hold the Guinness World Record for hosting ` Jeopardy! , ' which I 've often said is the best of reality TV , " he said in a statement . In a video accompanying the Guinness announcement , he added , "  It 's a fun show to do , and it 's a quality program that I never have to apologize for when I meet people . So there are no downsides . " Despite his longevity , Trebek still has a ways to go to equal the man who holds the record for the most hours of TV hosted , period . That would be Regis Philbin , who has about 17,000 hours on American television , including talk shows , local-interest programs and the quiz show "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire . " For the time being , he 's the final answer on that question .	Alex Trebek has hosted almost 7,000 episodes of "  Jeopardy! " He 's been in charge of the show since 1984 "  Jeopardy! " will begin its 31st season in the fall
CNN  -- Training for a race is like riding a roller coaster -- you experience highs and lows , ups and downs , and more peaks and troughs than the New York Stock Exchange . Two weeks before I raced at the World Ironman Championships in Kona , Hawaii , last year , I had a bad bike crash . I won the race , not on physical prowess , but on grit , willpower , determination and mental strength . I hope I showed , through my performance there , that sporting success rests , in part , with having the mental fortitude necessary to overcome our fears , pain and discomfort . But how does one develop that strength ? Is it innate , or can it be learned ? I believe it is the latter . We can all train our brains to be as strong as our bodies . It sounds simple , but it 's so easy to forget . If we let our head drop , our heart drops with it . Keep your head up , and your body is capable of amazing feats . To plunder the words of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , "  Do n't ever forget that you play with your soul as well as your body . " Follow the Fit Nation team on Twitter or on Facebook The message is this : All the physical strength in the world wo n't help you if your mind is not prepared . This is part of training for a race -- the part that people do n't put in their logbooks , the part that all the monitors , gizmos and gadgets in the world ca n't influence . But how do you train your brain to help you achieve your goals ? I do n't profess to have all , or many , of the answers . But in the five years that I have been a professional triathlete , I have learned a few techniques that help me keep mind over matter and ensure that I can ride the roller coaster of sporting success : Have a mantra and/or a special song to repeat I write my mantra on my water bottle and on my race wristband . Seeing it gives me a boost and reminds me never to let my head or heart drop . If you use a permanent marker , be prepared for the wording to stay there long after the race has ended  and that you might receive strange looks from colleagues when you return to work with "  I am as strong as an ox " tattooed on your arm  . I also carry a dog-eared copy of Rudyard Kipling 's famous poem "  If " everywhere I go . I believe the lines of this poem encapsulate the qualities necessary to become a successful athlete and a well-rounded person . Reading it before a race gives me the confidence to pursue my dreams . Keep a bank of positive mental images These images can be of family and friends , of previous races , of beautiful scenery , or a big greasy burger . Draw on these images throughout the race , and especially if you feel the "  I am tired . I want to stop . Why did I enter this race ? I must be mad " doubts creeping into your mind . Deliver these negative thoughts a knockout punch before they have the chance to grow and become the mental monster that derails your entire race . Practice visualization beforehand In training , when traveling , while sleeping or at work , this is the simple act of closing your eyes  although I do n't recommend doing this at a work meeting or while on your bike  . Relax your mind and go through each stage of the race one step at a time -- mentally imagining yourself performing at your peak but also successfully overcoming potential problems . Before Michael Phelps has even entered the water , he has already completed the race in his mind . And won . You can draw on the visual images  the finish line  , the feelings you experience  energy surges  or the sounds you hear  roars of the crowd  . That way when you race , you have the peace of mind and confidence that you have already conquered the challenges . Break the race up into smaller , more manageable segments I always think of the marathon as four 10 kilometer races with a little bit more at the end . You might think only about getting to the next aid station , or lamppost or Porta Potty and , from there , set another landmark goal . Stay in the moment and do n't think too far ahead . I also try to breathe deeply and rhythmically ; if you calm your breath , you can help calm your mind . Remember that training is about learning to hurt Push your physical limits and overcome them in training sessions , so that when you race you know that you have successfully endured pain and discomfort . You will draw confidence and peace of mind from this knowledge . Get people to support you Some people thrive on the support from their family and friends , while others perceive it as added pressure . Work out what feels right for you , and if necessary , invite friends , family or pets to come and cheer you on . Have them make banners , wear team T-shirts and generally behave in a way that would get them arrested under normal circumstances . Mentally recall inspirational people I recall people who have all fought against adversity to complete the Ironman . These people prove that anything truly is possible . You might want to consider dedicating each mile to a special person in your life . That makes the discomfort easier to bear and will help give you a mental and physical boost . Consider racing for a cause that is bigger than yourself For me , it is to establish a platform on which to spread important messages and be a patron for charitable causes . These force me to put the race in perspective and rise to greater heights . Champions come and go , but to me the real judge of my personal success will be whether I actually do something positive with the opportunities I have been given . I really hope that , as four-time world champion , I can be a role model and ambassador for the sport that everyone can be proud of . I hope that these tips provide some of that sporting gold dust , and enable you to have the race you have always dreamed of . We will all continue to endure the downs and the dark times , but remember that it is overcoming these that makes the success all the more sweeter . In the words of the great Muhammad Ali : "  Success is not achieved by winning all the time . Real success comes when we rise after we fall . Some mountains are higher than others . Some roads steeper than the next . There are hardships and setbacks but you can not let them stop you . Even on the steepest road you must not turn back " . You might not always have the perfect day , but with the right mental training hopefully the roller-coaster ride will be one to remember . Just remember to celebrate with that huge plate of greasy burger ! Good luck ! Follow Wellington on Twitter for updates on her training and races .	Chrissie Wellington : Mental fortitude needed to overcome fear , pain and discomfort Four-time World Ironman champ writes mantra on her water bottle and on her race wristband Keep mental images handy to recall during a race , the triathlete suggests
CNN  -- Twelve-time grand slam champion Rafael Nadal dropped just two games as he eased through his first singles match since losing in the opening round at Wimbledon . The former world No. 1 beat 132nd-ranked Canadian Jesse Levine 6-2 6-0 in just one hour and 12 minutes in the first round of the Rogers Cup in Montreal . The Spaniard suffered a major upset when he lost in straight sets to unseeded Steven Darcis at the All England Club in June but he was pleased to get back on track in his first singles match in six weeks . "  I did n't play a perfect match , I played well , " the 27-year-old , who made a winning comeback in the doubles Tuesday , told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  The conditions out there today were very difficult . I will say I did the right things to be in the next round . " Next up for Nadal , a two-time Rogers Cup champion , is Wimbledon semi-finalist Jerzy Janowicz after the Pole overcame Canadian wildcard Frank Dancevic in a match which lasted nearly two and a half hours . British world No. 2 Andy Murray , who beat Janowicz on his way to his first Wimbledon title , was also in action for the first time since his success at the All England Club . The two-time grand slam champion took his winning streak at the tournament to 13 with a 6-4 7-6  7-2  win over Spain 's Marcel Granollers . Murray , a winner in Montreal in 2009 and 2010 , will face Latvia 's Ernests Gulbis in round two . "  I was pretty nervous beforehand , " said the 26-year-old . "  That was a good sign . I 'm pretty ready to move forward and not think too much about Wimbledon and concentrate on the U.S. Open . " World No. 7 Juan Martin del Potro emerged victorious from a grueling encounter with Croatia 's Ivan Dodig . Argentina 's Del Potro , fresh from winning a title in Washington last weekend , took the first set before the 35th-ranked Dodig fought back to clinch the second . Del Potro fell a double break down in the third and deciding set before clawing his way back to secure a 6-4 4-6 7-5 triumph . In the women 's event in Toronto , Serena Williams recovered from losing a service game in the opening set to beat Italy 's 2010 French Open champion Francesca Schiavone 6-3 6-2 . "  I felt good . I felt solid , " the 16-time grand slam winner told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  Obviously I made a few errors , but it 's just my first match on hard in a really long time . "  I also played a really good player , so it was a good match . It took me a few games to adjust to her game , but it 's good that she played like that because of my next opponent . "  Now I feel like I 'm completely adjusted , and I feel good going into the next round . " Next up for Williams is a first encounter with Dutch ace Kirsten Flipkens , who beat her sister Venus Williams in the first round . Wimbledon winner Marion Bartoli eased past American qualifier Lauren Davis 6-0 6-3 , while 2011 French Open champion Li Na defeated Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 6-1 6-4 . Former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki won the first set of a thrilling match with Romania 's Sorana Cirstea , before slipping to a 5-7 7-6  7-0  6-4 defeat .	Spaniard Rafael Nadal wins his first singles match shock Wimbledon exit The 12-time grand slam winner beat Jesse Levine 6-2 6-0 at Rogers Cup in Canada Wimbledon champion Andy Murray defeats Spain 's Marcel Granollers 6-4 7-6  7-2 In the women 's event , there are wins for Serena Williams , Li Na and Marion Bartoli
Jersey City , New Jersey  CNN  -- It all began simply : A hand-scrawled sign on a lamp post that read , "  Want to volunteer ? Meet at City Hall at noon . " Then there was the Facebook page , which cobbled together 19 like-minded friends interested in helping victims of a unique weather system that meteorologists later dubbed Superstorm Sandy . "  Our initial idea was that people would find each other on this page and solve each other 's problems , " said Tiby Kantrowitz , a Jersey City resident who helped organize the effort . And then it grew . "  From 19 people it turned into 50 in about an hour-and-a-half , " she said . Now , hundreds buzz in and out of a historic downtown mansion in Jersey City , where a neighboring church donated the building to be used as the group 's improvised headquarters . First Irene now Sandy Born out of what many described as a scarcity of local information and services in the storm 's immediate aftermath , the Barrow Mansion is now a hive of volunteer activity that federal agencies like FEMA have looked to for partners . "  We all came together and joined our efforts , " said Candice Osborne , a local resident who helped organize relief after Sandy 's October 29 landfall . Coordinated virtually all by social media , the once fledgling effort has burgeoned into a full-scale relief operation that delivers more than 250 meals per day , as well as clothing and cleaning supplies to storm-battered residents . The group also cleans out flood-soaked apartments , while dispatching scout teams to check on the elderly and disabled . "  It 's been pretty incredible , " said Osborne . Finding joy among the wreckage : Family photos returned post-Sandy Pulling an iPhone from her pocket , she then thumbed across its cracked screen and opened a Facebook app to give a sense of how the delivery process works . A request flashed on screen . Holed up in his stormed-battered home , a Facebook user had asked for dog food and towels "  from the volunteer network you are coordinating , if that is possible . " "  On it ! " Osborne replied , dispatching volunteers to the man 's address , while tallying the appeal and recording her volunteers ' names in the group 's growing database . Moments later , he wrote again . "  I do n't know how to thank you . 10 minutes after my request , I had what I need . An almost magical effort . " General Honore on Sandy recovery With government agencies stretched thin to reach those still reeling in Sandy 's aftermath , a patchwork of volunteer efforts like those in Jersey City have cropped up in storm-affected communities across the Tri-State area . Forged quickly and often with little formal structure , neighborhood groups -- like the Barrow Mansion volunteers -- often prove especially effective by way of their numbers , energy and local knowledge . And at times , they offer victims their only reprieve in disaster-stricken communities . "  It 's just one those beautiful heartbreaks , " said nurse Katie Vacante , referring to how neighbors help each other in the wake of the crisis . Map : Images of destruction , recovery on the East Coast Bounding up stairs to deliver food in local apartment buildings , Irene Barnaby shares that very sentiment . Power outages hobbled elevators across Jersey City , stranding the elderly and disabled as utility companies scrambled to restore power , making volunteer deliveries of food , water and blankets critical in those first days . "  Our first delivery was on the 17th floor , " said the 31-year-old real estate agent . Nine floors down , a wheelchair-bound woman named Vincencia Geiss braved the cold in her powerless apartment for about a week "  No heat . No hot water . Nothing , " she said . "  If I had to go down  the stairs  , they 'd have to carry me down . And I was n't about to be carried . " Risks of rebuilding after Sandy The Barrow Mansion volunteers sent a nurse the following day . Though food supplies are a recurring concern . "  When we run out  of food  , we go on Facebook and say ` We have an immediate need , ' and within an hour we get food , " said volunteer Yren Berry . Last week , the group received a star-powered dose of support when members of the U.S. Women 's Olympic Gymnastics team swung by to pitch in and donate supplies . "  Until you 're actually here helping people find sweaters and pants ... you do n't realize how big of a deal it is , " said Nastia Liukin , a gold medalist in the 2008 Olympics . Liukin -- who has more than 190,000 followers on Twitter -- then took to the micro-blogging site , asking people to send "  canned food , bread and non perishable foods to 83 Wayne St " in Jersey City to support the relief effort . "  Hopefully if at least one of those followers came and donated that would do something , " she said . Larger organizations like FEMA and the Red Cross have also taken note . Trying to keep the family business afloat after Sandy "  We are working closely with these volunteer agencies , " said Alberto Pillot , a FEMA spokesman who encouraged residents to register online for disaster assistance and contact their insurance providers . "  But housing issues are going to be the problem in the long run , " he said . Faced with a lack of physical space for FEMA trailers and limited access to available rental apartments and hotels , the agency says it 's now bent on making flood-soaked homes inhabitable as the winter weather moves in . That "  keep - 'em - in-their-homes " strategy likely means that the man-power behind volunteer efforts will continue to be needed as temperatures drop . Yet as national interest wanes and volunteers return to their own jobs and families , the resolve of relief efforts in places like Jersey City will likely be tested . As of Tuesday , more than 18,000 homes were still in the dark across the region . How you can help Sandy victims	Hundreds of volunteers buzz in and out of a historic downtown mansion in Jersey City Government agencies are stretched to reach those still reeling in Sandy 's aftermath Volunteer efforts have cropped up in storm-battered communities
Mental Floss  -- People have been eating pickles ever since the Mesopotamians started making them way back in 2400 B.C.E. . Here are some even more important things you should know about them . Pickles have gotten credit for health and beauty and winning football games . 1 . In the Pacific Islands , natives pickle their foods in holes in the ground lined with banana leaves , and use them as food reserves in case of storms . The pickles are so valuable that they 've become part of the courting process , helping a man prove he 'll be able to provide for a woman . In Fiji , guys ca n't get a girl without first showing her parents his pickle pits . 2 . Cleopatra claimed pickles made her beautiful .  We guess it had more to do with her genes . 3 . The majority of pickle factories in America ferment their pickles in outdoor vats without lids  leaving them subject to insects and bird droppings  . But there 's a reason . According to food scientists , the sun 's direct rays prevent yeast and mold from growing in the brine . Mental Floss : 8 disastrous product names 4 . In the Delta region of Mississippi , Kool-Aid pickles have become ridiculously popular with kids . The recipe 's simple : take some dill pickles , cut them in half , and then soak them in super strong Kool-Aid for more than a week . According to the New York Times , the sweet vinegar snacks are known to sell out at fairs and delicatessens , and generally go for $ .50 to a $ 1 . 5 . Not everyone loves a sweet pickle . In America , dill pickles are twice as popular as the sweet variety . 6 . The Department of Agriculture estimates that the average American eats 8.5 lbs of pickles a year . 7 . When the Philadelphia Eagles thrashed the Dallas Cowboys in sweltering heat in September 2000 , many of the players attributed their win to one thing : guzzling down immense quantities of ice-cold pickle juice . Mental Floss : 31 unbelievable high school mascots 8 . If it were n't for pickles , Christopher Columbus might never have "  discovered " America . In his famous 1492 voyage , Columbus rationed pickles to his sailors to keep them from getting scurvy . He even grew cucumbers during a pit stop in Haiti to restock for the rest of the voyage . 9 . Speaking of people who get credit for discovering America , when he was n't drawing maps and trying to steal Columbus ' thunder , Amerigo Vespucci was a well-known pickle-merchant . 10 . Napoleon was also a big fan of pickle power . In fact , he put up the equivalent of $ 250,000 as a prize to whoever could figure out the best way to pickle and preserve foods for his troops . 11 . During the 1893 Chicago World 's Fair , H. J. Heinz used pick-shaped pins to lure customers to his out of the way booth . By the end of the fair , he 'd given out lots of free food , and over 1,000,000 pickle pins . 12 . Berrien Springs , Michigan , has dubbed itself the Christmas Pickle Capital of the World . In early December , they host a parade , led by the Grand Dillmeister , who tosses out fresh pickles to parade watchers . Mental Floss : Curious , bizarre and storied state symbols For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Average American eats 8.5 lbs of pickles a year , according to Dept. of Agriculture Southern state treat : Dill pickles soaked for week in Kool-Aid Philly Eagles players said pickle juice helped them beat Dallas Cowboys in 2000 Christopher Columbus and Napoleon were fans of pickle power
CNN  -- A diamond unearthed in the southern African nation of Lesotho could yield one of the largest and highest quality round polished diamonds , according to a statement Monday from company that found it . A mining company unearthed this 478-carat diamond in the southern African nation of Lesotho . Experts in Antwerp , Belgium who analyzed the 478-carat stone determined it to be of the highest color grading available for a white diamond , said a statement from Gem Diamonds Ltd. , the company that found the stone . "  What makes it more remarkable is the color and quality of this stone , " said diamond consultant Neil Buxton . "  It 's a D color , which is the highest possible graded color you can get , and we believe there is a chance -- a very good chance -- of getting a 100-carat plus " round stone with the highest color and clarity rankings . The company said such a stone would "  to the best of our knowledge " be "  the first one in history . " Watch more on the diamond " The diamond , which was found in September , ranks as the 20th largest rough diamond ever found , but is not the biggest ever taken from the Letseng Mine , which is co-owned by Gem Diamonds Ltd. and the Kingdom of Lesotho , a country of 2.1 million that is surrounded by South Africa . Two bigger stones -- 603 and 493 carats -- were found in the mine in 2006 and 2007 , respectively , the company said . A 601-carat diamond was mined there in 1960 , it said .	Diamond could yield one of the largest and highest quality round polished stones 478-carat stone determined it to be of the highest color grading available Diamond found in Letseng Mine , in Lesotho
CNN  -- While the country 's been debating Woody Allen and Dylan Farrow , I 've been thinking about Alaska , where a staggering 59 % of women are subjected to sexual or intimate partner violence , including threats of violence , in their lives . Farrow expanded recently on the allegation that Allen , maker of the films "  Manhattan " and "  Annie Hall , " sexually assaulted her as a young girl . She stared at a toy train set while it happened , she wrote in a blog post for the New York Times . Toy trains still haunt her . Allen denies the allegations . The truth in that long-debated case may never be known , and I do n't want to parse the details , since plenty of others have . But this much I can say for certain : If a survivor comes to you with a story of sexual abuse , you should start from a place of belief and compassion . Not doing so can ruin a person 's life . Related : The rapist next door And it can perpetuate a cycle of violence I saw all too clearly on a two-week trip to Alaska , in December , as part of CNN 's Change the List project . Readers of this column voted for me to cover rape in the U.S. state where that crime is most frequent . Progress has been made to reduce rape rates nationwide , but Alaska still has the highest reported rape rate in the country , according to 2012 FBI crime estimates . The rate is three times the national average . You can read more about the trip at CNN.com / Change . In one Alaska town , I spent several days with a rapist who was sexually abused as a child . When he came forward to tell his parents about it his dad punished him , pulled his ears , and told him never to speak of it again . Related map : Reported rape by state He did n't . Not until he served jail time for abusing his stepdaughter . "  I 've got to be a man , " he thought . "  And carry this with me alone . " Another offender told me he hid his own abuse for six decades . For rape and sexual violence to end , victims have to break their painful silence and , perhaps more importantly for everyone reading this , the rest of us have to be ready to listen . Too often , friends and law enforcement officers are inclined to blame the victim or question them with unfair harshness . As women 's rights advocates have told me , rape and sex abuse victims are extremely traumatized by these crimes . That may affect the way they remember events -- the timeline may appear in clouded fragments -- and they way they react to questions that would be innocuous in other situations . Related : The lawless ` end of the land ' The safe way to have these conversations is n't immediately obvious . You should never ask a rape victim , for example , what she was wearing when the assault occurred . Was he or she drinking ? That question , too , can be damaging in the aftermath of an assault . It implies the victim 's actions may have instigated the rape . No matter the intention , it implies someone other than the rapist is to blame . The most important thing , according to groups like the Rape Abuse & Incest National Network , is to "  listen , " "  be there , " and "  do n't be judgmental . " Exercising this sensitivity can help ensure more rapes are prosecuted , too . Currently , according to RAINN 's founder and president , Scott Berkowitz , only 40 % of rapes in the United States are reported to authorities , and only 3 % result in jail time . All of us can encourage survivors to come forward safely . Many of you took the brave step of sharing your stories as part of a project we 're calling "  We are the 59 % . " In solidarity with that percentage of Alaska women who suffer from intimate partner or sexual violence , CNN iReport asked readers to share their stories of survival -- in hopes that would be healing and might encourage others to speak out . The results were raw and powerful : "  I laid there pretending to be asleep , too terrified to do anything . " "  It was a well-kept family secret . " "  I hoped that by cooperating it would be over quickly . " I spent an afternoon reading many of the responses  You can see a selection of them here  . One of the most common and jarring themes : Survivors often are n't believed . They have to turn to each other for support . "  When the night seems endless and hope so hard to hold : Please , do n't give up . You are not alone , " wrote Robin , a 50-year-old in New Mexico . If someone tells you about their experience with sexual violence or abuse , please take time to listen -- and to remind them they absolutely are not alone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter asks readers to share stories of surviving rape and sexual violence CNN iReport collected the stories in a project called "  We are the 59 % " 59 % of women in Alaska experience sexual and intimate partner violence Alaska has the highest reported rape rate , and is the focus of Sutter 's latest Change the List project
CNN  -- The Arizona blaze that killed 19 firefighters is 100 % contained , authorities said late Wednesday , turning the page on a painful chapter for the community . The 19 , members of the Prescott Fire Department 's elite Granite Mountain Hotshots wildfire crew , died while battling the Yarnell Hill fire , which consumed 8,400 acres northwest of Phoenix . Officials have said it appears the 19 were forced to lie down under fire shelters , blankets meant to protect against flames and heat , as a last resort after the fire suddenly changed directions . Earlier , authorities had said they expected the blaze to be fully contained by July 12 . Firefighters completed their task a day ahead of projections . The fallen firefighters : who they were Vice President Joe Biden honored the men at a memorial service this week in Arizona , saying they "  rushed toward the flames as everyone else retreated . " "  These men were some of the strongest , most disciplined , tenacious , physically fit men in the world , an elite unit in every sense of that phrase , " Biden said . " ... They raced to embrace life just like they raced  to  the fight against ... the raging fire on Yarnell Hill . " The 19 firefighters were Andrew Ashcraft , 29 ; Robert Caldwell , 23 ; Travis Carter , 31 ; Dustin Deford , 24 ; Christopher MacKenzie , 30 ; Eric Marsh , 43 ; Grant McKee , 21 ; Sean Misner , 26 ; Scott Norris , 28 ; Wade Parker , 22 ; John Percin , 24 ; Anthony Rose , 23 ; Jesse Steed , 36 ; Joe Thurston , 32 ; Travis Turbyfill , 27 ; William Warneke , 25 ; Clayton Whitted , 28 ; Kevin Woyjeck , 21 ; and Garret Zuppiger , 27 . The Yarnell Hill Fire was sparked June 28 by lightning . Supporting the families of the fallen	The Yarnell Hill fire consumed 8,400 acres northwest of Phoenix 19 firefighters died in the blaze on June 30 There were members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots wildfire crew Vice President Biden said they "  rushed toward the flames as everyone else retreated "
CNN  -- The indigenous people of Alaska have stood firm against some of the most extreme weather conditions on Earth for thousands of years . But now , flooding blamed on climate change is forcing at least one Eskimo village to move to safer ground . Floodwaters rip through the village of Newtok , Alaska , destroying its infrastructure . The community of the tiny coastal village of Newtok voted to relocate its 340 residents to new homes 9 miles away , up the Ninglick River . The village , home to indigenous Yup ` ik Eskimos , is the first of possibly scores of threatened Alaskan communities that could be abandoned . Warming temperatures are melting coastal ice shelves and frozen sub-soils , which act as natural barriers to protect the village against summer deluges from ocean storm surges . "  We are seeing the erosion , flooding and sinking of our village right now , " said Stanley Tom , a Yup ` ik Eskimo and tribal administrator for the Newtok Traditional Council . The crisis is unique because its devastating effects creep up on communities , eating away at their infrastructure , unlike with sudden natural disasters such as wildfires , earthquakes or hurricanes . Newtok is just one example of what the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change warns is part of a growing climate change crisis that will displace 150 million people by 2050 . View a map showing Newtok 's proximity to Alaska 's Western shore " The group says indigenous peoples in Asia , Central America and Africa are threatened by shifting environmental conditions blamed on climate change . "  We will not be able to survive " Tom 's ancestors have been living in the region for centuries , he said . "  Our land is our resource , our source of food ; it 's our country . We live off of it . If we go to another village or city , we will not be able to survive , " Tom said . The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has estimated that moving Newtok could cost $ 130 million . Twenty-six other Alaskan villages are in immediate danger , with an additional 60 considered under threat in the next decade , according to the corps . The village crisis is taking place as more than 400 indigenous people from 80 nations gather 500 miles  800 kilometers  away in Anchorage , Alaska , at the first Indigenous Peoples ' Global Summit on Climate Change . The conference aimed to address global issues effecting indigenous communities like the Yup ` ik Eskimos . The five-day summit also hoped to raise global awareness about the crisis facing these indigenous communities and to help them speak with a more unified voice , said Patricia Cochran , chairwoman of the Inuit Circumpolar Council , which hosted the event . U.N. scientists have long blamed increases in average global temperatures on the emission of excess greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide by industry and the burning of petroleum-based fuel . Summit delegates will work on a declaration outlining the climate change-related issues facing indigenous people . The declaration will be agreed upon Friday and presented at the Conference of Parties United Framework Convention on Climate Change in Copenhagen , Denmark , in December . "  On the international level , the meeting in Copenhagen at the end of the year is incredibly important , it will lay down the road map on how we tackle climate change and who gets to be involved , " said Sam Johnston of Tokyo , Japan-based United Nations University , a co-sponsor of the summit . "  Climate change poses threats and dangers to the survival of indigenous communities worldwide , even though they contribute least to greenhouse emissions , " United Nations General Assembly President Miguel D'Escoto said at the summit . Worldwide threat Climate change , conference delegates say , is threatening the traditional lifestyles of indigenous peoples around the world . Specific environmental threats include droughts , sea level rise , warmer temperatures ; lack of rainfall , flooding and loss of biodiversity , climatologists say . The specific combination of threats varies by region . For example , in the island nation of Papua New Guinea , an increase in population growth coupled with rising sea levels is decreasing the amount of crop land making farming very difficult for the indigenous people of the region , according to the U.N. . In the African nation of Kenya , the Samburu tribe is on the verge of a food and economic crisis , the U.N. said , as lengthy droughts kill livestock that provides income and sustenance for the community . In Mexico , highland Mayan farmers are fighting to survive amid decreasing rainfall , unseasonal frost and unprecedented changes in daytime temperatures , the U.N. reported . These conditions are forcing the farmers to plant alternative crops and to search for other sources of irrigation . "  We are the ones that are the most effected " by climate change , said Saul Vicente-Vasquez , a Mexican economist and longtime human rights activist for indigenous peoples . "  Climigration " refers to the forced and permanent migration of communities because of severe climate change effects on essential infrastructure . This differs from migration caused by catastrophic environmental events such as hurricanes and earthquakes . The concept of "  climigration " implies that there is no possibility of these communities returning home , said Alaskan human rights lawyer Robin Bronen , who coined the term . "  There needs to be a new institutional framework that is created , that 's based in human rights doctrines ... that facilitates relocations , " Bronen said . Back in Newtok , village leaders continue to work with federal and state representatives while they plan to relocate . "  We have a new village , but we do n't have all the funding that the village needs to move right now , " said Sally Russell Cox planner with the Alaska division of community and regional affairs . If the crisis worsens and forces an emergency evacuation , Cox said officials want to provide "  a safe place to go if they need to get out of the village . " As for Tom , he said he 's looking forward to getting it over with . "  We hope to move to the new village site and be able to get on with regular life . "	Floods blamed on climate change forcing Alaskan village to move 9 miles away Twenty-six other Alaskan villages are in immediate danger , officials say Move comes as indigenous people hold Anchorage summit on the crisis UN : Climate change will force displacement of 150 million people by 2050
Washington  CNN  -- Although the war in Afghanistan remains unpopular with most Americans , the public supports President Obama 's decision to send more U.S. troops to the conflict , according to a new national poll . Fifty-nine percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday morning said they favor the president 's plan to send 30,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan , with 39 percent opposed . "  Most of those who oppose Obama 's plan would like to see the U.S. immediately withdraw all its troops from Afghanistan , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . See complete poll results  PDF The survey indicates that a majority of the public opposes the war , with 55 percent of respondents opposed and 43 percent in support of the U.S. mission in Afghanistan . "  Three in 10 say that they opposed the war from the start and another quarter report that they favored the war when it began in 2001 but oppose it now , " Holland said . Only 18 percent of those polled said that the United States is winning in Afghanistan . Two-thirds said neither side is winning . "  That may explain the support for Obama 's plan , since a victory is likely to require more troops , " Holland said . "  But it may also explain the overall opposition to the war , since Americans tend to dislike losing . " The survey also indicates a racial divide over Afghanistan , with whites questioned split over the war , but seven in 10 black respondents opposed to the war . In a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll conducted last month and released November 24 , 45 percent of those polled supported the war in Afghanistan , and 52 percent were opposed . The most recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted December 16-20 , with 1,160 adult Americans , including 259 African-Americans and 786 whites , questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall sample . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Fifty-five percent of people polled say they 're against war in Afghanistan But 59 percent of those polled say they favor sending more U.S. troops Seven in 10 black respondents are opposed to this war , higher than white opposition
CNN  Robert Bates says he gets it , how you might wonder how a cop could confuse a pistol for a stun gun . Bates -- the Tulsa County , Oklahoma , reserve sheriff 's deputy accused of manslaughter in the death of a fleeing suspect -- told NBC 's "  Today " show Friday that he used to think that , too . "  Believe me , " he told the show in his first appearance since being charged in the April 2 death of Eric Harris , "  it can happen to anyone . " Harris died after Bates shot him -- accidentally , he says -- after calling out "  Taser ! Taser ! " in a tussle captured on a police body camera . Bates told investigators that he mistook his firearm for the stun gun . How easy is it to confuse a gun for a Taser ? While Bates is at the center of the maelstrom over Harris ' death , he is n't the only one under scrutiny . The Oklahoma NAACP wants charges against other officers involved in Harris ' death , and a state and federal investigation into the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office 's treatment of minorities . The sheriff 's office also finds itself fending off allegations that supervisors were told to forge Bates ' training records . In his interview Friday with "  Today , " Bates said he had the documentation to show he had completed the necessary training required of reserve deputies . "  That is absolutely the truth . I have it in writing , " he told the show . And on Thursday , a sheriff 's office official denied to the Tulsa World newspaper that any records had ever been forged . As an advanced reserve deputy , sheriff 's office policy calls for Bates to have completed 480 hours of the field training officer program , according to the Tulsa World . Bates would also have needed firearms certification training . Officials have yet to locate records showing what training Bates completed , said Maj. Shannon Clark of the sheriff 's office . But Clark did say it 's possible that some training requirements may have been waived . Sheriff Stanley Glanz has the authority to waive any department policies , Clark said . "  The policies within our organization are signed off by the sheriff , but there are also policies that give the sheriff the ability to waive any policy within our organization . That 's part of being a sheriff 's office , " Clark told the newspaper . Glanz told KFAQ radio this week that officials ca n't find records of Bates ' firearms certification . The instructor who provided that training is now a U.S. Secret Service agent , and officials have n't been able to locate training records she was supposed to have turned in , Glanz told the station . Other discrepancies have surfaced about training that Bates claims to have attended , including questions about active shooter and homicide investigation instruction . Tulsa World reporter Dylan Goforth said the paper had been told by multiple sources that Bates ' records had been falsified . The newspaper has not said who allegedly asked the supervisors to falsify the training records or why . But the orders apparently started years ago , "  back when  Bates  was trying to get on as a deputy , " reporter Ziva Branstetter told CNN 's "  New Day . " Bates has donated equipment to the department and was also a donor to Glanz 's re-election campaign , leading to allegations he had essentially paid to be a cop . He rejected that claim in the "  Today " interview as "  unbelievably unfair . " Bates ' attorney , Clark Brewster , also has rejected the allegations of poor training or forgery as unfounded . He said those making the accusations include fired sheriff 's office employees represented by the law firm that also represents Harris ' family . "  His training is extensive and certainly adequate , " Brewster told CNN on Thursday . Bates appeared on the "  Today " show with his wife , two daughters and Brewster . He seemed composed but said he was still might be in shock over what had happened . "  I can tell you it stayed with me for a number of days , " Bates said . "  I 'm not at all sure it 's not still with me today . Lack of sleep , inability to concentrate , all of those plus more . You know , I still ca n't believe it happened . " In describing the events leading up to Harris ' death , Bates said he was parked several blocks away from the site where an undercover deputy was conducting a sting operation to catch Harris in the act of illegally selling a gun . Bates said he had participated in "  several hundred " such operations but always in a backup role where he would come in and "  clean up " after deputies , taking photos and notes . But as deputies rolled up to arrest him after the sale , Harris bolted from the vehicle and ran toward Bates ' position . As deputies were trying to subdue Harris , Bates told investigators he saw an opportunity to use his stun gun to help get the suspect under control . "  I yelled , ` Taser ! Taser ! ' as required in training . The deputy below me ducked , he pulled away from it so that I could , " Bates said . "  The laser light is the same on each weapon . I saw the light and I squeezed the trigger , " Bates told "  Today . " The result was not the staccato click of a well-deployed stun gun . Instead , it was a gunshot . "  I shot him ! I 'm sorry ! " Bates is heard emotionally saying on video of the incident . Bates apologized to Harris ' family , who have rejected allegations he was violent and on drugs . Harris ' brother , Andre Harris , said this week that he did n't think the shooting was racially motivated . Instead , he said , "  This is simply evil . " But Bates , who is charged with second-degree manslaughter , said he did n't mean to kill Harris . His attorney has called it an "  excusable homicide . " "  I rate this as No. 1 on my list of things in my life that I regret , " said Bates , who is free on $ 25,000 bail .	"  I rate this as No. 1 on my list of things in my life that I regret , " Robert Bates tells "  Today " He says he did n't mean to kill Eric Harris and rejects claims his training records were forged "  I still ca n't believe it happened , " Bates tells the NBC show
MONTE CARLO , Monaco -- Russia 's Yelena Isinbayeva has broken her own world record in the women 's pole vault with a leap of 5.04 meters as she warmed up for her Olympic defense . Isinbayeva broke her own women 's pole vault world record on her third attempt in Monaco . The record came at the Monaco Grand Prix on Tuesday on her third and final attempt at the height . Her previous record of 5.03 meters was set in Rome on July 11 . Isinbayeva is the reigning Olympic and world champion . Asafa Powell claimed his third 100 meters success inside a week when he raced clear in his season-best time of 9.82 seconds . Powell shaved 0.06 sec off his previous season-best of 9.88 , set last Tuesday in Stockholm , where he saw off fellow Jamaican and world record holder Usain Bolt . On Tuesday Powell was too hot for Davis Patton of the U.S.  9.98  and Nesta Carter of Jamaica  10.02  , the fourth best time of the season all the more impressive given the calm conditions . "  I am very happy , " said Powell . "  I feel great , very fresh . I 've got a world record in my legs . I am very confident . My goal is to be consistent . " A tough headwind had compromised Powell 's attempts to have a tilt at Bolt 's mark although he still cruised to a weekend victory at the London Grand Prix at Crystal Palace in 9.94 sec . Other Tuesday highlights saw Jamaica 's Melaine Walker set a year mark in the women 's 400m hurdles in clocking 53.48 sec . Walker , who shattered her own personal best of 54.14 in the process , will hope her performance augurs well for the Beijing Games , where Aussie two-time world champion Jana Rawlinson will not be competing owing to a toe injury . Kenyan Daniel Kipchirchir Komen also set a year best mark in the 1500m , crossing the line in 3 min 31.49 sec to take 0.08 sec off compatriot Augustine Kiprono Choge 's June 1 showing in Berlin . The 23-year-old 's win tempered the disappointment of missing out on an Olympic berth . Britain 's Martyn Rooney also improved his personal best in the 400 meters for the second successive race , following up his win in the London Grand Prix with victory in 44.72 seconds . The Monaco Grand Prix was the last major international track and field meeting before the Beijing Olympics which start on August 8 .	Russia 's Yelena Isinbayeva breaks her own women 's world pole vault record Leaps 5.04 meters on her third and final attempt at height at Monaco meeting Jamaican Asafa Powell wins third 100 meters race in a week in 9.82 seconds
CNN  -- A reputed New Jersey mobster whose strip club was the setting for the Bada Bing go-go bar on "  The Sopranos " is playing out a scene from the hit HBO series by turning informant in real life , according to court papers . Under a December plea agreement , Anthony Cardinalle , 62 , of Saddle River , New Jersey , will assist the U.S. Justice Department , FBI , and other law enforcement agencies to uncover organized crime throughout the New York metropolitan area , according to court documents . Cardinalle , who the feds say is an associate of the Genovese crime family , was arrested in January 2013 on racketeering and extortion charges , along with 31 other people . The accused mobsters allegedly tried to take over legitimate waste disposal businesses by threatening economic and physical harm , according to court papers . His collaboration with federal law enforcement officials would make him what Soprano "  wiseguys " would call a "  mob rat . " Cardinalle 's supposed exploits are similar to those of the fictitious "  Sopranos " characters . "  The tactics they used to exert and maintain their control come right out of the mafia playbook , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement last year when charges were announced . Cardinalle was a member of what prosecutors called the Waste Disposal Enterprise , a criminal organization that engaged in various crimes , including extortion , loansharking , mail fraud and stolen property offenses , according to court papers . His lawyer did not immediately return calls seeking comment . Cardinalle faces up to 40 years in prison , but he may be eligible for a lighter sentence because of his guilty plea and cooperation . Law enforcement officials have agreed not to prosecute Cardinalle for criminal tax violations , according to court papers . Cardinalle 's Lodi , New Jersey club , Satin Dolls , was where the infamous mob boss Tony Soprano regularly conducted shady business deals in his office in the backroom . When "  The Sopranos " star James Gandolfini died in June , Satin Dolls honored the late actor by putting up pictures of him throughout club and a sign outside that said , "  Thank You Jimmy , Farewell Boss . "	Documents : Reputed mobster decides to become informant Anthony Cardinalle 's strip club setting for "  The Sopranos " bar He , others accused of trying to take over legit businesses
CNN  -- Christie 's is the world 's leading art business with global auction sales in 2007 that totalled $ 6.3 billion , marking the highest total in company and in art auction history . A Christie 's employee holds the painting ` La Surprise ' at Christie 's auction house in London on July 4 , 2008 . Founded in 1766 by James Christie , Christie 's conducted the greatest auctions of the 18th , 19th and 20th centuries , and today remains a popular showcase for unique artworks as well as international glamour . Christie 's offers over 600 sales annually in over 80 categories , including all areas of fine and decorative arts , jewelry , photographs , collectibles , wine , cars and more . Prices range from $ 200 to over $ 80 million . Christie 's has 85 offices in 43 countries and 14 salerooms around the world including London , New York , Los Angeles , Paris , Geneva , Milan , Amsterdam , Tel Aviv , Dubai and Hong Kong . Most recently , Christie 's has expanded initiatives in emerging markets such as China , India and the United Arab Emirates , with successful sales and exhibitions in Beijing , Dubai , Mumbai and Russia . Christie 's also offers its clients worldwide access to its sales through its real-time online bidding service Christie 's LIVE .	Christie 's global auction sales in 2007 totalled $ 6.3 billion Christie 's was founded in 1766 by James Christie Sales categories include fine arts , jewelry , photography , collectibles , wine , cars
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Every weekend for more than four years , Fred Murray has walked the road where his daughter , Maura , vanished . Family , friends and volunteers help him look in the woods and mountains near Haverhill , New Hampshire , for clues to what happened to her . Maura Murray , 21 , disappeared while driving in the New Hampshire woods on a snowy night in 2004 . Maura Murray , a 21-year-old nursing student at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst , disappeared on a cold and snowy night in February 2004 . She was last known to be driving from Massachusetts through New Hampshire . It is still unclear where she was heading in her black 1996 Saturn . The car was found abandoned , its front end crashed against a tree . It apparently had skidded off a road at a sharp curve . Shortly after the accident , a passing bus driver stopped and asked Murray if she needed help . She said no . Ten minutes later , police arrived . Inside the crumpled Saturn , they found some of Murray 's belongings -- school books , running gear , snack foods and alcohol -- police wo n't say what kind . But Murray was gone , along with her car keys and a backpack she always carried . There was nothing to hint she 'd be motivated to run away , according to her fiancé , William Rausch , and her father , Fred Murray . Watch why this cold case is a true mystery " Maura Murray had just gotten engaged to Rausch , her college sweetheart and an Army lieutenant stationed in Oklahoma . They planned to marry after she graduated from nursing school in June 2005 . She 'd found a summer nursing job in Oklahoma . She had everything to look forward to . "  She was in good spirits and had no worries or reason to run away from her life , " Fred Murray said . Investigators initially operated under the theory that the dean 's list student was troubled and had decided to escape from the demands of her life for a while . As a result , they did not immediately begin to look for her . The search did not begin until 39 hours after her crashed car was found . When it finally got under way , helicopters , search dogs and ground teams covered the area near where Murray 's car was found . The dogs picked up her scent for about 100 yards , leading investigators along the road to an area between two homes . There , the dogs lost the trail . Murray 's credit cards and cell phone have not registered any activity since the night she disappeared , February 9 , 2004 . Tom Shamshak , a private investigator hired by the Murray family to continue the search , said police and volunteers looked for her for two days . "  No footprints were even found in the snow , " he said . "  Luckily there had n't been any fresh snowfall in those two days . " Shamshak has concluded that only two scenarios could explain what happened to Murray . Either she was picked up by someone driving on the road , or she walked to a nearby house to ask for help . Police say they did not treat Murray 's case as an abduction because they saw no signs of a struggle at the scene . Before she left campus , police learned , Murray had e-mailed her professors and informed them she 'd be absent for a few days because of a death in the family . Murray 's family and friends said no one in the family had died . Police also noted that Murray had enough food and other items in her car to suggest she might be taking a short getaway vacation . Murray is described as 5 feet 7 inches tall , 120 pounds , with brown hair and blue-green eyes . She was last seen wearing a dark coat and jeans and carrying a black backpack and Samsung cell phone . A $ 40,000 reward is being offered for any information leading to her whereabouts or the arrest of the person responsible for her disappearance . The tip line is 603-271-2663 , New Hampshire State Police .	Maura Murray told her professors there had been a death in the family There was no death , relatives say Car was found crashed into a tree along snowy New Hampshire roadway A $ 40,000 reward is offered . Tips ? Call 603-271-2663
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama does n't often offer praise for President George W. Bush 's foreign policy , but on Monday he offered the outgoing head of state accolades for battling AIDS in Africa . Zimbabwean orphan Evans Mahlangu shows the free medicine he got by walking to Mozambique in February . "  I salute President Bush for his leadership in crafting a plan for AIDS relief in Africa and backing it up with funding dedicated to saving lives and preventing the spread of the disease , " Obama said in taped remarks to the Saddleback Civil Forum on Global Health . The videotape was played during a forum marking the 20th anniversary of World AIDS Day , established by the World Health Organization to raise awareness about the disease . Under the Bush administration , more than 2 million people infected with HIV -- most of them in Africa -- have received lifesaving anti-retroviral treatment as part of the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , or PEPFAR . In July , Bush signed legislation re-authorizing the program and authorizing up to $ 48 billion to expand it . Watch how one man is using soccer to raise awareness " Obama promised to continue working "  to address the crisis around the world . " Obama 's compliment was one in a series of paeans offered via videotape by world leaders to Bush , who will step down in January after two terms in the Oval Office . "  President Bush 's efforts have saved literally millions of lives , " said former British Prime Minister Tony Blair . President Paul Kagame said Rwanda was much better off because of Bush 's dedication to improving global health , and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon congratulated Bush on "  his legacy of leadership . " "  The president 's emergency plan for AIDS relief has made it possible for people in countries hardest hit by the disease to receive treatment , " the U.N. chief said . Afterward , first lady Laura Bush said , "  That 's sweet , so sweet . " Bush , who was awarded the first "  International Medal of Peace " by Saddleback Church Pastor Rick Warren , said Monday the program had beaten its goal of getting anti-retroviral medicines to 2 million people infected with HIV within five years . Watch a South African discuss living with AIDS " "  I insisted upon measurable goals because I felt that lives needed to be saved , " he said . "  And if you do n't have measurable goals , lives might not be saved . " On Sunday , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino told reporters that nearly 240,000 babies have been born HIV-free because of U.S. support for programs to prevent HIV-positive pregnant women from infecting their children . PEPFAR was launched in 2003 , when just 50,000 people in all of sub-Saharan Africa were receiving anti-retroviral treatment . Even with Bush 's effort , WHO reports that only 31 percent of people in low - to middle-income countries who needed treatment received it last year , and the number of new cases is increasing 2.7 times faster than the number of new people getting treatment . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control first brought AIDS to the public 's attention in 1981 when it published a report about five gay men who had become sick with a rare form of pneumonia linked to depressed immunity . Twenty-seven years later , CDC estimates that 1.1 million people in the United States are infected with HIV , and that about one in five of them is not aware of his or her status . Watch how the stigma still lingers in the U.S. " The WHO estimates that 33 million people worldwide live with HIV , and another 7,500 infections occur daily . In a statement posted on the organization 's Web site , WHO Director-General Dr. Margaret Chan called AIDS "  the most challenging and probably the most devastating infectious disease humanity has ever had to face . " She also emphasized the need for "  predictable , sustainable and substantial " funding , despite the world economic crisis . "  We must ensure that the current unprecedented rollout of treatment reaches more people and is fully sustainable . Stepping back or slowing down on treatment is not an acceptable option on ethical and humanitarian grounds , " Chan said . CNN 's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	More than 2 million people received lifesaving drugs because of Bush 's plan Obama promises to continue working "  to address the crisis around the world " WHO : Cases crop up 2.7 times faster than number of new people getting treatment White House : Nearly quarter-million babies born HIV-free because of plan
CNN  -- Facebook announced a major overhaul to its privacy controls Wednesday , adding a handful of features while simplifying and clarifying the ways users can already tweak their accounts . The changes , which will roll out over the next few weeks , include a new tool that lets users ask for photos of them to be removed from the site . Also being upgraded is a tool that lets users see what other people can -- and ca n't -- see on their Facebook pages . In addition , users will get more control over the apps they enable on the site by gaining the ability to grant permission for some access requests but deny others . Facebook says the changes are designed to help users better control , and understand , the information they 're sharing on a site with roughly 1 billion accounts . "  We deeply believe that surprises are bad , " said Sam Lessin , Facebook 's director of product development . "  When users are surprised , no one wins . " During its rise from dorm-room project to the world 's largest social network , Facebook 's most persistent complaints from users have centered on privacy . Online privacy advocates and even elected officials have objected on occasion to how Facebook handles user data . The company has consistently argued that appropriate privacy tools are in place , although Lessin acknowledged they have n't always been clear or easy to find . "  It was pretty subtle , and we believe it was n't clear enough to users , " he said . Here 's a look at some of the updates , which Lessin compared to some of the site 's biggest changes in its eight-year history : A "  Request and Removal " tool for photos Facebook users could already click to ask other users to remove tags of them on photos . But the new tool lets them request that photos be removed from the site entirely , and it gives the recipient the ability to do so with a single click . It also gives users the ability to select a reason for the request without having to begin a potentially embarrassing conversation themselves . "  If you do n't want something on Facebook , it should n't be on Facebook , " Lessin said . "  We need to give you the tools to address that in a straightforward way . " More specific app permissions Currently , approving an app on Facebook requires agreeing to a sometimes intimidating list of permissions for the app to do things like access your Friends list and post on your Timeline . New changes , which will roll out first on Apple 's iOS mobile platform , let users give an app basic permissions to start with and then approve other , specific access requests when the app needs them . Not all apps will move to the new model , however . Perhaps most significantly , games wo n't change . Privacy shortcuts A frequent complaint among privacy advocates has been that the controls that exist on Facebook are hard for the average user to find and understand . " -LSB- T -RSB- he privacy settings are confounding even for the most experienced digerati , " danah boyd , a social-media researcher and privacy advocate , wrote for CNN during a 2010 privacy update . "  People should be able to understand Facebook 's changes and have choices available that allow them to make appropriate decisions . " Under the new changes , there will be a privacy icon on Facebook 's blue toolbar that takes users to the site 's most used privacy tweaks  "  Who can see my stuff ? " "  Who can contact me ? " "  How do I stop someone from bothering me ? "  . Help Center content for privacy will also be simplified , with tools that are currently divided between the site 's Privacy and Security sections pulled together in one place . "  Obviously , security and privacy are deeply tied together , " Lessin said . "  We knew that they were related , and we wanted to call that out . " Expanded Activity Log The Activity Log , rolled out last year , lets users manage the information that appears on their Timeline . The updated version includes new navigation tools and will let users more easily see photos , status updates or other posts that may have been removed from Timeline but still appear elsewhere on Facebook . It includes simplified tools to let users "  view as " other people  a feature that already exists  to see whether they 've hidden or displayed posts the way they wanted . Want to keep some Facebook activity hidden from your grandmother or your boss ? This tool is for you . Lessin said new messages will begin appearing on users ' pages , explaining the changes as well as more clearly outlining how existing privacy tools work . He said Facebook will also be killing a little-used "  Who can look up my Timeline by name ? " tool , saying new features will make doing so easier .	Facebook announces a major privacy-control update Users will get a tool that asks for photos to be removed from site Privacy tools will be accessible from the top of every page Changes will start rolling out to users over next few weeks
New York  CNN  -- A New York Police Department helicopter made an emergency landing in the water off Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn Wednesday afternoon , according to NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . Six people were aboard the aircraft . All got out safely but all six suffered minor back and neck injuries , according to Browne . "  They were flying during our coverage of the presidential visit and were on standby for that and the United Nations General Assembly , " said Browne , referring to President Barack Obama , in New York to speak at the United Nations . Browne says the crew was coming in for a landing at the time of the crash . "  They had some time and they were coming in to top off their fuel . They were not out of fuel , " he said . "  About 30 to 35 yards from the  landing  field , there was some kind of mechanical difficulty which caused them to make an emergency landing on the water , " Browne said , adding that inflatable pontoons on the aircraft deployed around its skids . Police and private boats quickly approached the chopper . "  They  the crew  stepped off the chopper onto the boats . They were never in the water , " Browne said . Browne says there was a pilot and co-pilot , a crew chief , a crew chief in training , and two scuba divers on the helicopter . Police Commissioner Ray Kelly met with the crew at a local hospital . None of the crew was admitted to Lutheran Medical Center . The National Transportation Safety Board will investigate the incident . CNN 's Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	NEW : The NYPD helicopter was preparing to land when it had mechanical difficulty NEW : All six aboard suffered minor back and neck injuries
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- When I arrived in Cape Town for Desmond Tutu 's 80th birthday festivities this week a customs official asked why I was visiting the country . When I explained she said "  Ah ! Desmond Tutu -- he is everybody 's archbishop ! " She reflected the gratitude of a world that celebrates his leadership in calling out of the best of our humanity by claiming him as part of her life . At 80 Desmond Tutu is as spunky as ever in imagining and working for a world where all are included . Tutu 's insistence on our need for one another in order to be fully human is the signature idea behind his global leadership on reconciliation , ending conflicts and hope . As the world celebrates his iconic leadership it illuminates the void in authentic ethical leadership in the global community . In my first personal meeting with Tutu in 1980 I was thrown off guard by his question , "  Tell me about your life Robert - not what you 've done but who you are . " The question reflects his belief in the value and sacredness of each human story and that our lives are all bundled together . I was not prepared for his reaction to my story . I was 22 and Tutu was 49 and I wondered what our lives could have in common . Telling him of my lengthy hospitalizations as a teenager I said that I 'd had an unexpected visitor in Trevor Huddleston whose book "  Naught For Your Comfort " opened my eyes to the brutal realities of apartheid . Huddleston 's expansive generosity about the humanity of all stood in sharp contrast to the way in which the community he served in Sophiatown was bulldozed by the apartheid government because its multi-ethnic character did not fit the paradigm of apartheid to separate people at any cost . As I paused in the telling of my story Desmond Tutu 's laughter filled the room . Incredulous , I just looked at him , waiting for him to settle down . Finally Tutu said , "  When I was a young boy , I had tuberculosis . I spent months in the hospital , just like you , lonely and afraid . Trevor Huddleston was my priest ! He visited me almost every day , reading stories and talking to me . Huddleston inspired me to think about being a priest . " Shared transformation , decades apart . On the common ground of our connecting story , Tutu then asked , "  Tell me your thinking about serving in the military . " I shared with him my willingness to go to prison indefinitely as a consequence for refusing to serve in the South African military that enforced apartheid . Tutu thoughtfully said , "  There will be a time when this kind of action will be important . It is n't now . " I had n't expected this reaction to a decision I had wrestled with for years . I had thirty days before showing up to report for military duty or else refuse to serve and be jailed . Within ten days Tutu had me out of the country and in New York City . Desmond Tutu had no reason to act as he did other than his profound sense of our shared humanity in working for a world in which justice and the wellbeing of all is an expression of his ethical leadership of compassion . Fifteen years later I asked Desmond Tutu when he would add LGBT people into his compelling vision that we are all "  made for oneness . " He assured me that it would be after the fall of apartheid . This iconic leader has been true to his word . To the ire of many and the delight of others , Tutu is insistent that there are no outsiders with God or the human family . Gender equity for women and the need to protect the environment stand alongside Tutu 's voice negotiating the ending of conflicts around the globe . His vision that we are all part of one family is a global vision . In a world of increasing xenophobia and a preponderance of leaders who serve the altar of exclusionary self-interest Tutu stands out because of his view that we need one another in order to be fully human . That customs official was right -- Tutu is "  everybody 's archbishop " for a reason .	Taylor : Tutu still working for a world where all are included Taylor : Tutu believes in the value and sacredness of each human story Tutu believes "  we need one another in order to be fully human "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- As Jamal al-Durrah washes his son Mohammad 's tombstone in a Gaza graveyard , he fears that the boy 's spirit rests uneasy . The image of the father shielding his 12-year-old son in a hail of bullets , under the glare of a camera , became the symbol of the second Palestinian uprising , or Intifada . Thirteen years later , the controversy behind those pictures is still alive . An Israeli government committee concluded in a report presented Sunday that the story , which was broadcast by France 2 in 2000 , can not be substantiated by the pictures . Children of the conflict : Innocence interrupted by war The news report aired by France 2 stated : "  Here Jamal and his son Mohammad are the target of fire coming from the Israeli position . ... But , a new round of fire , Mohammad is dead and his father badly hurt . " However , the Israeli government committee report states : "  There is no evidence that the IDF  Israel Defense Forces  was in any way responsible for causing any of the alleged injuries to Jamal or the boy . " It 's a statement that pains a still-grieving father . But Jamal al-Durrah is prepared to have his son 's remains exhumed to demonstrate that he was killed by Israeli bullets , as reported in 2000 . "  I would like to show the world the truth , and I am sitting in front of my son 's grave and ready to accept an international independent investigation commission including Arabs , " he said . "  If Israel agrees , I am ready to open the grave . " The head of the Israeli government review committee , Yossi Kuperwasser , said he does not know what happened to Mohammad al-Durrah . Showing the raw material provided by France 2 to CNN , he said , "  See , he was supposed to be dead . He was declared dead a moment ago , understand , he was declared dead when he was lying  there .  That 's where he cut it . He said the boy is dead . But a second later , he  Mohammad al-Durrah  raises his hand . " Analysis : Conflict shifts balance of power in the Middle East Israel places the implications of the Mohammad al-Durrah story in a much wider context . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said : "  It is important to focus on this incident , which has slandered Israel 's reputation . This is a manifestation of the ongoing , mendacious campaign to delegitimize Israel . "  There is only one way to counter lies , and that is through the truth . Only the truth can prevail over lies . " The search for that truth has been conducted in courthouses , human rights reports and media investigations . Cameraman Talal Abu Rahma , who filmed the event for France 2 , and also works for CNN , has been at the center of trying to understand what happened on that fateful day . Thirteen years later , he points to the camera that recorded the event as his most solid source , saying : "  My witness is  my  camera . ... I am sorry this camera does not talk , but really this camera recorded that footage . " Mohammad al-Durrah 's story has become an important symbol in the Palestinian struggle for statehood . The image of his final moments is shown on stamps in Egypt , Tunisia , Iraq , Iran and Morocco . Israel says that the false narrative of al-Durrah 's death has been used to justify terrorist attacks against Israel and worldwide anti-Semitism . It is perhaps the ongoing struggle between Israelis and Palestinians over the righteousness of their narrative that will not let this image be forgotten .	An Israeli government committee disputes a France 2 report of a Gaza boy 's death Image of the boy and his father under a hail of Israeli bullets became a powerful symbol The father , Jamal al-Durrah , wants an independent inquiry to "  show the world the truth " There 's no evidence the IDF was to blame for injuries to the boy or his father , Israeli report says
CNN  -- Singapore 's escalating dispute with its neighbor Indonesia over the naming of a warship has led to a series of tit-for-tat snubs involving the city 's airshow , which is being held this week . Lieutenant-General  Retired  Sjafrie Sjamsoeddin , Indonesia 's deputy defense minister , alongside the chiefs of the country 's three main military branches , will not be attending the Singapore Airshow , which begins Tuesday , in a form of diplomatic protest . Sjafrie also canceled other engagements in the city . The withdrawal comes after Singapore rescinded the invitations of around 100 members of Indonesia 's military hierarchy . The snub was a response to Indonesia 's decision to name a warship after two marines who were tried and convicted of blowing up a bank in Singapore in 1965 during the conflict known as the Konfrontasi , between Indonesia and Malaysia , of which Singapore was a part at the time . The attack killed three and injured 33 . The decision to name a naval frigate the KRI Usman Harun , after Sergeants Usman Haji Mohamed Ali and Harun Said , has angered the city-state , which says that it reflects a lack of sensitivity and respect for mutual ties . The marines were executed in Singapore . Their remains were repatriated and , the pair were lauded as heroes , as they were buried with full honors . The matter was thought to be put to bed when Singapore 's then-President Lee Kuan Yew scattered petals on the Indonesian soldiers ' graves in 1973 . "  I am disappointed with the Indonesian decision to name their new warship after the two convicted ex-marines , " said Chan Chun Sing , Singapore 's Second Minister for Defence , said in an official Ministry release . "  I am also disappointed with the reactions of the Indonesian leaders who have spoken on this issue thus far . "  The -LSB- Indonesian leaders ' -RSB- statements reflected either a lack of sensitivity , a lack of care for the bilateral ties , or both . " Indonesia has stuck by its naming decisions , with officials saying that the practice of naming naval vessels after heroes is commonplace . Chan added , "  I hope the Indonesian leaders will not sacrifice our bilateral relations , so carefully built up , to domestic politics or through carelessness . " Indonesia 's defense ministry confirmed the officials ' non-attendance on Sunday , Defense News reported . "  The visit by senior TNI -LSB- Indonesian National Armed Forces -RSB- officers , military chiefs of staff and TNI commander to Singapore has been canceled , " the ministry said a statement . The journal added that an Indonesian aerobatic team would still perform at the show . Despite differences , including protests against an annual forest burn conducted by the larger country , which affects air quality in Singapore , the two countries enjoy a full diplomatic relationship and have strong commercial ties . Indonesia is Singapore 's third-largest individual trading partner . The Singapore Airshow , set to be the biggest to date officially opened on Monday evening and events will run from February 11 to 16 .	Indonesia 's top military brass confirm absence from Singapore Airshow Snub is part of an escalation of tensions over warship naming Singapore had previously rescinded the invitations of around 100 Indonesian military personnel Airshow will run from February 11 - 16
CNN  A Massachusetts teenager faces a pretrial hearing in April on involuntary manslaughter charges for allegedly sending text messages urging a friend to commit suicide , even after he expressed second thoughts , authorities said Saturday . Michelle Carter , 18 , was indicted on February 5 . Conrad Roy , 18 , of Fairhaven and Mattapoisett , Massachusetts , was found dead in his car of apparent carbon monoxide poisoning on July 13 , Sgt. Kevin Kobza , public information officer for the Fairhaven Police Department , said Saturday . At one point the night of Roy 's death , he exited the vehicle and communicated to Carter that he was having second thoughts about taking his own life , Kobza told CNN . Carter then urged him via text message to get back in the car , Kobza said . Upon searching Roy 's cell phone , police discovered "  hundreds " of texts between Roy and Carter , many which contained language from Carter that encouraged Roy to take his own life , Kobza said . "  Instead of attempting to assist him or notify his family or school officials , Ms. Carter is alleged to have strongly influenced his decision to take his own life , encouraged him to commit suicide and guided him in his engagement of activities which led to his death , " Gregg Miliote , director of communications for the Bristol County District Attorney 's Office , said in a statement . Carter 's lawyer , Joseph Cataldo , said Saturday that the evidence will show this was not manslaughter and that Carter attempted to console Roy on "  many occasions . " "  The facts that have been given out to the public at this point put her in the worst possible light , " Cataldo said . "  My heart goes out to the family , but this was a young man who planned this for months and months . " On a Twitter page confirmed by the District Attorney 's Office to be Carter 's , several photos and tweets about Roy have been posted since his death . One tweet reads , "  I ca n't believe today already marks 4 months without you . I love you and miss you always Conrad ... " In September 2014 , Carter organized a softball tournament in Roy 's memory and raised $ 2,300 for mental health awareness , according to Kobza . Carter was arraigned on the indictment on February 6 in New Bedford Juvenile Court , released on $ 2,500 bail and told not to use social media , according to Miliote . Carter was indicted as a youthful offender because she was not yet 18 when the alleged crimes occurred . Youthful offenders are tried in juvenile court but the proceedings are public , Cataldo said . Because of a familial relationship he has with the victim 's family , Bristol County District Attorney Thomas Quinn recused himself from the investigation and prosecution of this case , the District Attorney 's Office said . Carter 's pretrial hearing is set for April 17 .	Conrad Roy , 18 , was found dead of apparent carbon monoxide poisoning , police said Police : A search of his phone found texts from a friend urging him to commit suicide
CNN  -- It took only hours after the identities of the two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing were revealed for some politicians and commentators to suggest that the tragedy was somehow the fault of a broken immigration system . Ever since September 11 , there has been a strong and understandable desire for a perfect screening system for would-be immigrants . If only the United States could put that system into place , bad people would never be admitted to the country . But such perfection is unachievable , and would not have prevented the Boston attacks . It would be a further tragedy to allow sensible overhaul of the U.S. immigration system to be derailed by such misperceptions . Here 's what we know so far . The two brothers suspected in the bombings , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 19 , and Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , were brought to the United States by their parents in 2002 , likely from the former Soviet Republic of Kyrgyzstan . That means one was a child and the other in his early teens when they moved to Boston . The younger brother became a U.S. citizen last year and the older brother held a green card . The family was originally from Chechnya , a region that has long resisted Russian rule , and where the mostly Muslim Chechens have been fighting for independence from the Russian government of Vladimir Putin , and have carried out attacks again Russian civilians . Could the two have been stopped by immigration controls ? The immigrant and visitor screening systems created by the U.S. government after 9/11 are designed to identify people whose history gives cause for concern . Consular officers and Department of Homeland Security officials check names against long terrorist watch lists and search for criminal records . Those with suspicious travel histories -- to places such as Afghanistan or Yemen -- are subject to extra scrutiny . Secure passports and the fingerprints taken from all new arrivals help prevent fraud . The database also includes records of fingerprints lifted by the U.S. military and intelligence from battlefields and safe houses in Afghanistan , Iraq and other terrorist hot spots . All these systems make the United States far more secure than it was a decade ago against those with terrorist or criminal histories . They do nothing , however , to protect us against the children of immigrants who might later become radicalized . Like Britain after the 2005 London subway bombings , which were committed largely by young , second-generation immigrants , the United States can no longer think this is only a foreign problem . Radicalism can find fertile ground at home as well as overseas . Does that mean the Boston attacks have nothing at all to do with immigration ? That would not be a reasonable conclusion either . A country that opens itself to immigrants , as the United States has for many decades , invites in both the goods and ills of the world . Boston , for instance , is a city teeming with bright foreign students , many of whom will go on to make great contributions to the United States . Indeed , one of the victims of Monday 's bombing was Lingzi Lu , a Boston University math and statistics graduate student from Shenyang , China , who often told her friends how much she loved Boston . But immigration also brings with it the disputes of other cultures . In 1985 , when I was living in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada -- a city that abounds with Asian immigrants -- an Air India flight from Montreal to Delhi was blown up over the Atlantic Ocean , killing 268 Canadians , 27 Britons and 24 Indians . The architects were Sikh extremists who had emigrated from India to Canada and were fighting for causes of which few Canadians had ever heard . The two-decade long investigation that followed was traumatic for Canadians and for the many Indian immigrants with no ties to or cause with the radicals . But Canada moved on and remains a vibrant society that is largely welcoming of immigrants . It is not yet clear what motivated the Tsarnaev brothers to allegedly detonate a pressure cooker filled with explosives , nails and ball bearings at the finish line of one of the greatest foot races in the world . Both could well have become caught up in the extremism that has roiled too much of the Islamic world and caused others to carry out horrifying , senseless attacks against the innocent . Or they may have had other dark reasons . But what is certain is that the United States can not shield itself by closing its doors to immigrants , or even by coming up with still better screening tools . This country needs and deserves a far better immigration system , which is the goal of the immigration effort under way . But we should be realistic about what it can and can not do to protect us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward Alden .	After Boston suspects ID 'd , politicians start blaming immigration system Alden : Perfect screening is impossible and would n't have prevented the bombings The U.S. ca n't shield itself with better screening or by keeping immigrants out We need immigration reform , but must be realistic about what it can and ca n't do
CNN  -- After all the arrests , court appearances , trips to jail and rehab stays , Lindsay Lohan has turned to reality TV . On Sunday night , the 27-year-old made her latest comeback attempt in the OWN network 's "  Lindsay , " a docu-series that came across in its first episode as part "  E! True Hollywood Story " and part "  Intervention , " with a dash of "  Hoarders . "  Lohan , apparently , gets rid of nothing . The premise is to follow Lohan around as she tries to piece her personal and professional life back together after six years of documented turmoil . And so last summer , less than a week after she completed a 90-day stay at a Malibu rehab facility -- a place that actually aired commercials during the show -- Lohan sat down with OWN 's Oprah Winfrey for an interview and began filming . The trailer indicated that there would be no glossing over Lohan 's flaws and missteps , as crew members and OWN staff openly commented on the ways Lohan was making production difficult . But in its first hour , viewers did n't get any of that . Instead , the show tracked the former child star as she messily packed up and moved from Los Angeles to New York , tried to find her own place , saw her younger sister walk in a fashion show and squeezed in an impromptu shopping trip . Her jewelery needed to be organized , and then she needed to change hotel rooms . Other than a brilliant "  Fetch " T-shirt being flashed at one point , that was about as exciting as it got . Yet in the midst of all that minutiae , the core of "  Lindsay " is the star 's focus on sobriety . Lohan 's numerous low points are tallied throughout the episode , and she 's frequently accompanied by a sober coach . If nothing else , OWN 's "  Lindsay " wants to be the portrait of a young artist in recovery . Does it succeed ? Maybe for fans of Lohan 's  and she does still have them , as "  Lindsay " proved by chatting up strangers on the street about the actress  or the compassionately voyeuristic . "  I know there r much more important things going on in the world , " media personality Jacque Reid tweeted Sunday , "  but I am very curious to see if Lindsay can save herself . " In the beginning of the episode , Lohan at least seemed to be on her way there , saying during a one-on-one confessional that "  there 's nothing left in having a drink for me . " "  There 's no situation that I have n't been exposed to , " she went on . "  So maybe trying the other way for me , which is living with integrity and living in control of my own self , that 's the life I want now . " But when faced with paparazzi , the stress of moving or a lingerie photo shoot that does n't go as planned , the actress appeared on the brink of breaking down . For The Daily Beast 's Kevin Fallon , those moments are what makes "  Lindsay " worth watching . "  What ` Lindsay ' succeeds most at is , for the first time in years , convincing us that Lindsay Lohan is n't a name in an Us Weekly headline or a joke in a late-night monologue or a character in a drama so wild it ca n't possibly be real life , " Fallon writes . "  She 's a human . She 's a very fragile , volatile , slightly selfish human . But she 's one who 's working really hard to find peace in the eye of the very large , very tumultuous storm that surrounds her and is causing those dangerous traits . " As for everyone else , there 's little draw outside of the opportunity to sharpen one 's snarky barbs . "  A small part of me died when I found out this is more than a one episode show , " tweeted The Hollywood Reporter 's TV critic Tim Goodman , while Entertainment Weekly 's Erin Strecker tried to rustle up a silver lining . "  Encouraging sign # 1 , " Strecker said . "  She finally got a driver . " Actress Chloe Grace Moretz , meanwhile , could n't even joke about what she was watching on Sunday : "  this is just genuinely sad , " she posted on Twitter . "  I feel bad . " Lohan had to know when she signed up for "  Lindsay " that she was leaving herself wide open to this wide-ranging barrage of reactions , especially to comments like the one she made about a past jail stint . "  The judge at the time that I had kept overruling me getting released even though they were overcrowded , " Lohan recalled of time spent in solitary confinement . "  She kept making me stay there . What they were doing was punishing me instead of trying to help me . " But , even with the possibility of this docu-series experiment going awry , it seems "  Lindsay " is worth the risk for the former child star . "  I 'm trying to figure out how to be sane and live , " she said during Sunday 's episode . "  I was  in this bubble where everything was done for me , and now , I 'm figuring everything out for myself . " 7 things from Lohan 's sit down with Oprah Winfrey in August	Lindsay Lohan 's OWN reality series debuted Sunday The hourlong episode covered Lohan 's move to New York She was accompanied by a sober coach as she tried to adhere to a clean lifestyle
CNN  -- The first Roman Catholic priest in the United States imprisoned for covering up the crimes of offending priests was ordered to be released Thursday after an appeals court reversed his conviction . Monsignor William Lynn has been in prison since he was convicted in July 2012 . He was convicted of one count of child endangerment and sentenced to three to six years . Attorney Thomas Bergstrom said Lynn could be released as soon as Friday , depending on paperwork . Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said his office likely will appeal the ruling . "  I am disappointed and strongly disagree with the court 's decision , " he said . Lynn 's conviction was for not removing a defrocked priest , Edward Avery , from active ministry in the 1990s after learning Avery had molested a teen . According to philly.com , Lynn 's attorneys convinced the three-judge Superior Court panel that the laws at the time only applied to people who directly supervised children . The founder of Opus Bono Sacerdotii , a Detroit organization that provides assistance to accused priests , told philly.com the ruling will make prosecutors "  reflect on who is really accountable for the damage that may have been done to victims of sexual abuse . " Marci Hamilton , a lawyer for alleged victims suing Lynn and the Philadelphia archdiocese , called the decision a "  very technical reading of the law , " the website reported . Lynn , now 62 , made no statement Thursday , but after he was convicted 18 months ago he said : "  I 've tried to serve God as best I could . My best was not good enough . " The landmark trial marked the first time U.S. prosecutors had charged not just the priests who allegedly committed abuses , but also church leaders for failing to stop them . Days before the trial began in March 2012 , Avery pleaded guilty to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and conspiracy to endanger the welfare of a child after admitting that he sexually assaulted the 10-year-old altar boy during the 1998-99 school year . Avery , 71 , was sentenced to 2Â 1/2 to five years . He remains in prison .	NEW : District attorney says an appeal is likely William Lynn , 62 , was the first Catholic priest convicted of covering up sex abuse crimes Appeals court finds lower court misapplied laws on child endangerment Detractor called decision a "  very technical reading of the law , " website reports
CNN  -- World champion Valentino Rossi pipped Fiat Yamaha team-mate Jorge Lorenzo on the finish line in a thrilling finale to the Catalunya MotoGP . Rossi shows his delight after clinching a thrilling victory over Jorge Lorenzo in Barcelona on Sunday . With Lorenzo starting on pole , the two riders dominated the race throughout before exchanging the lead several times on the final lap . But Italian Rossi eventually sealed victory by just 0.095 seconds in front of 90,000 fans in Barcelona -- the 99th win of his remarkable career . Casey Stoner finished third , meaning that he , Rossi and Lorenzo are now all level at the top of the championship standings on 106 points . Stoner 's Ducati managed to hold off the challenge from Repsol Honda 's Andrea Dovizioso , who finished fourth , while Loris Capirossi came fifth . Daniel Pedrosa , Colin Edwards , Randy De Puniet , Mika Kallio and Nicky Hayden completed the top 10 on Sunday . "  It was a great battle , the two Yamahas were flying on this track , " Rossi told BBC Sport . "  After some laps I knew I had to fight and it was a great fight to the end , I was n't sure of the result until the end . " Stoner revealed afterwards that he had not been fully fit . "  I 've been slowly getting a little more sore and sick each day , and I was cramping after the warm-up , " he said . "  I was really afraid about finishing the the race -- halfway through I just gave up , I had nothing left , and I decided to just run for the points . "	World champion Valentino Rossi claims thrilling victory in Catalunya MotoGP The Italian pips pole-sitter Jorge Lorenzo on final lap in Barcelona on Sunday Rossi , Lorenzo and third-placed Casey Stoner level at the top of the standings
CNN  -- A gun assault and a separate bombing have killed at least 40 people in two days in the city of Quetta in Pakistan . Both attacks seemed to target local officials . Militants sprayed bullets into cars near a mosque Friday in the capital of the province of Balochistan , killing 10 people on the Muslim holy day of Eid , police said . At least 30 others were wounded in the attack before prayers . On Thursday , a suicide bombing tore through the funeral of a police official in Quetta , killing 30 people and wounding at least 40 others . In Friday 's attack , a former provincial lawmaker was stepping into the mosque when about a dozen men opened fire , said police spokesman Mir Zubair Mehmood . Half of those killed where the politician 's bodyguards . The others were civilians . The assault drew intense return fire , which lasted for half an hour , a witness said . The battle sent people rushing for cover into the mosque , said Muhammad Ejaz , who was there to pray . Police have arrested eight suspects who had explosives and weapons . "  We have launched search operations in different parts of the city , " Mehmood said . They have also tightened security after the two attacks . There has been no claim of responsibility in either Thursday 's or Friday 's attack . Elsewhere in Balochistan , militants stopped a bus Tuesday , kidnapped 13 people and took them to nearby mountains , where they shot them to death . Many possible assailants The area around Quetta is plagued by strife . It is close to the border with Afghanistan , and members of the Taliban often cross into Pakistan . Local militants in the province , which is rich in natural gas , have been fighting Pakistani national military forces for self-rule . For years , the Balochistan Liberation Army has complained that the government pays little attention to people and their economic needs . During national elections this year , the province saw violent attacks on polling places . Bombers struck voters who had just cast their ballots as well as candidates and their supporters . The Pakistani Taliban , or Tehrik-i-Taliban , are also believed to foment unrest in the province in the country 's southwest . Sectarian attacks on ethic Shiite Muslims by fundamentalist Sunni Muslims are also common . CNN 's Simon Harrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Police tighten security after violence Thursday and Friday Militants sprayed bullets at cars before Friday prayers on Eid , killing 10 people The attack was followed by intense return fire that lasted for half an hour A bomb at a funeral Thursday killed 30 people
CNN  -- Monaco 's Royal Palace on Wednesday denied a published report that Prince Albert 's bride-to-be , Charlene Wittstock , discovered information about the prince and tried to flee to her native South Africa but was stopped by police . "  The Royal Palace formally denies the false allegations published on the site www.lexpress.fr , " the palace statement said , pointing out that the report was published "  just days before the wedding ceremony between S.A.S. Prince Albert and Miss Charlene Wittstock . " "  The sole intention of these rumors is to seriously damage the image of the Sovereign , as a result of damaging that of Miss Wittstock , and bear down on this happy event , " the statement concluded . Albert 's adviser , Christiane Stahl , told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that the two were inititally "  completely disappointed " by the story . "  Then , they were hurt , but not for long because they know , especially the prince , that rumors are part of his life . But I think that among all of what he has heard , this one was more hurtful than others because it is damaging and the purpose of this rumor is to damage a happy event , his wedding . " The French news magazine L'Express reported Tuesday that a "  shaken " Wittstock made a hasty departure to Nice Airport where she intended to board a one-way flight to South Africa , having discovered several hours before that the private life of her fiance was "  not as exemplary as she imagined . " Sources were not named in the unsigned article . L'Express also reported that Wittstock , a former Olympic swimmer , was stopped by airport officials and that it took intense persuasion from Albert and his entourage to get her to stay and agree to go through with the marriage . The 53-year-old prince and ruler of Monaco , the only son of Princess Grace and the late Prince Rainier , has never married . In 2005 , Albert publicly acknowledged having fathered a son with a flight attendant , and he has also acknowledged a daughter , now in her late teens . The couple appeared contented Tuesday afternoon , when they were seen walking arm-in-arm along Monaco 's Port Hercule , accompanied by musician Jean-Michel Jarre , who is to perform Friday evening as part of the wedding celebrations . The lavish event is to take place over three days beginning on Friday , with a guest list that includes French President Nicolas Sarkozy , British model Naomi Campbell , fashion designer Giorgio Armani and British business mogul Richard Branson . Monaco , a sovereign principality , is one of the smallest countries in the world , measuring just under 2 square miles . It sits on the French Riviera and is bordered on three sides by France . It has a population of about 33,000 .	NEW : Albert 's adviser on the story : "  They were hurt , but not for long " Monaco 's Prince Albert and Charlene Wittstock are to be married this weekend French news managine reported Wittstock tried to flee to her native South Africa Magazine said she discovered Albert 's life was "  not as exemplary as she imagined "
CNN  -- Gunmen opened fire at an illegal cockfighting ring in southern Texas early Thursday morning , killing three people and wounding at least eight , the Hidalgo County sheriff 's office told CNN . Sheriff Lupe Trevino told CNN affiliate KRGV that his deputies are "  dealing with a crime scene from hell . " The injured were taken to hospitals in the area , sheriff 's communication supervisor Gloria Felix told CNN . The site , a ranch near the city of Elsa , hosted a sophisticated cockfighting operation complete with concession stands and bleachers , the sheriff told KRGV . Several masked gunmen opened fire , and people took off running into the brush , he said . Deputies were looking for witnesses and evidence . No arrests had been made as of Thursday morning . Elsa is close to the Mexican border in the Rio Grande Valley , near McAllen . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	Several gunmen opened fire at a cockfight , the Hidalgo County sheriff says Three people were killed and eight were injured , a spokeswoman told CNN The illegal cockfighting area included concessions and bleachers
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain Monday faulted Sen. Barack Obama for downplaying the threat from Iran and again called the Democratic front-runner 's judgment "  reckless , " the latest jabs in a foreign policy fight that could continue to the general election . Sen. John McCain called Sen. Barack Obama 's foreign policy toward Iran "  reckless . " Obama 's willingness to sit down with the Iranian president demonstrates Obama 's lack of understanding of international relations , McCain said during a speech in Chicago , Illinois . "  Such a statement betrays the depth of Senator Obama 's inexperience and reckless judgment , " McCain said . "  Those are very serious deficiencies for an American president to possess . " Obama quickly responded during a speech in Billings , Montana , asking why the presumptive Republican presidential nominee was afraid to talk to Iran and that it was the "  Bush-McCain " war policy in Iraq , not diplomacy , that would make Iran stronger . "  Make no mistake , Iran is the single biggest beneficiary of a war in Iraq that should have never been authorized and should have never been waged , " the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination said . Watch Obama decry the "  Bush-McCain " policy " "  Thanks to George Bush 's policy , Iran is the greatest threat to the United States and Israel and the Middle East for a generation . John McCain wants to double down on that failed policy . " McCain said Obama did not have an appropriate grasp of the danger Iran poses to the U.S. "  Senator Obama claimed that the threat Iran poses to our security is ` tiny ' compared to the threat once posed by the former Soviet Union , " McCain said during a speech in Chicago . "  Obviously , Iran is n't a superpower and does n't possess the military power the Soviet Union had , but that does not mean that the threat posed by Iran is insignificant . "  Should Iran acquire nuclear weapons , that danger would become very dire , indeed , " McCain said . McCain was reacting to a statement Obama made in Pendleton , Oregon , Sunday night while he was defending his view that he would step up diplomatic engagements with Iran -- potentially up to the presidential level -- if he became president . Watch McCain call Obama 's judgment "  reckless " " "  Iran , Cuba , Venezuela , these countries are tiny compared to the Soviet Union , " Obama said . "  They do n't pose a serious threat to us the way the Soviet Union posed a threat to us , and yet we were willing to talk to the Soviet Union at the time when they were saying we 're going to wipe you off the planet . "  We should use that position of strength that we have to be bold enough to go ahead and listen . We might not compromise on any issue , but at least we should find out are there areas of potential common interest , and we can reduce some of the tensions that have caused us so many problems around the world , " Obama said . Obama said he was aware of the "  grave " threat Iran poses to the United States , but that it was "  common sense " that Iran is less of a threat today to the U.S. than the Soviet Union was during the Cold War . Obama said just as Presidents John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan did during the Cold War , the U.S. should engage diplomatically with its enemies . "  Why should n't we have the same courage and confidence to talk to our enemies ? That 's what strong countries do . That 's what strong presidents do , " the senator from Illinois said . "  One of the things you have to ask yourself : What are George Bush and John McCain afraid of -LSB- in -RSB- demanding a country meets all of your conditions before you meet with them ? " Obama said . McCain 's attacks on Obama are a continuation of a bitter fight over foreign policy that erupted between the two candidates last week . In a previous exchange , McCain blasted Obama for what he described as the Democrat 's willingness to engage in unconditional talks with Hamas , an Islamic fundamentalist group the U.S. has labeled as a terrorist organization . Obama denied McCain 's claim , saying he would only talk to Hamas if the group renounced its call for Israel 's destruction .	NEW : Obama says Iraq war has strengthened Iran NEW : Obama says McCain wants to "  double down " on Bush 's Iraq policy McCain calls Obama 's willingness to talk to Iran 's president "  reckless " McCain hits Obama for saying threat of Iran is "  tiny " compared to Soviet Union
Washington  CNN  -- Mitt Romney on Tuesday did n't back away from remarks he made in a secretly recorded video casting supporters of President Barack Obama as dependent on welfare , and instead said the comments that generated more problems for him in a tight race were an honest reflection of his campaign 's message . "  This is a message I 'm carrying day and day out and will carry over the coming months , " Romney said on Fox News . "  This is a decision about the course of America , where we 're going to head . We 've seen the president 's policies play out over the last four years . " Romney cited an opposition research video that Republicans began circulating on Tuesday afternoon that shows Obama speaking at Loyola University in 1998 about making government more effective . "  I think the trick is how do we structure government systems that pool resources and hence facilitate some redistribution , because I actually believe in redistribution , at least at a certain level , to make sure that everybody 's got a shot , " Obama is heard saying . ` Anatomy of a leak ' of the Mitt Romney video In his interview Tuesday , Romney framed Obama 's remarks as an endorsement of redistributing private wealth , rather than on making sure government agencies were well supported . "  The president 's view is one of larger government , " Romney said . "  There 's a tape that came out today where the president 's saying he likes redistribution . I disagree . I think a society based upon a government centered nation where government plays a larger and larger role , redistributes money , that 's the wrong course for America , that will not build a stronger America , or help people out of poverty . " Republicans have used the issue against Obama in the past . Romney 's charged comments at a May fund-raising event were recorded with a hidden camera . The video shows him telling his donors that nearly half of Americans back Obama because they rely on government support . "  There are 47 percent of the people who will vote for the president no matter what , " Romney says in one clip first posted on Monday afternoon . "  There are 47 percent who are with him , who are dependent on government , who believe that , that they are victims , who believe that government has the responsibility to care for them . Who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing . " The fund-raiser video was the latest in what has been a shaky stretch for the Romney campaign following last month 's political conventions and as the candidates hurtle toward three presidential debates next month . How candidates are preparing for the debates Romney 's remarks generated reaction from both sides of the political spectrum . The president suggested that Romney was "  writing off a big chunk of the country . " In an interview taped for the "  Late Show with David Letterman " in New York , Obama said he did n't know what Romney was referring to in the video but was quick to add , "  One of the things I learned as president is you represent the entire country . If you want to be president , you have to work for everyone . " Obama was caught in a secret camera moment in 2008 , when he was recorded at a private fund-raiser saying that some voters "  cling to their guns and religion . " At the time , Republicans quickly pounced on the comment and now Romney 's running mate , Congressman Paul Ryan , uses the quote against the president on the campaign trail . Conservative commentator William Kristol wrote in his Weekly Standard column Tuesday that Romney 's comments insulted some of his own supporters -- such as senior citizens on Medicare . However , other conservatives supported Romney for highlighting what they call the increasing dependency of American society on government programs . The latest flap also bled into other races , including two contests viewed as crucial for Republican hopes of taking control of the Senate . Sen. Scott Brown of Massachusetts and challenger Linda McMahon in Connecticut sought to distance themselves from Romney 's remarks . "  As someone who grew up in tough circumstances , I know that being on public assistance is not a spot that anyone wants to be in . Too many people today who want to work are being forced into public assistance for lack of jobs , " Brown said . CNN Fact Check : Who really receives government assistance ? But it was n't an entire lost day for Romney . The latest Gallup daily tracking poll showed the post-convention bounce for Obama fading . The survey 's seven-day rolling average shows 47 % of registered voters supporting Obama and 46 % supporting Romney , returning the race to narrow , pre-convention margins . A CNN poll taken the week after the Democratic National Convention earlier this month showed Obama with a six point advantage . Democrats pounce on Romney comments A CNN-ORC poll conducted after the Democratic convention showed Obama with a 52 % -46 % lead over Romney after the two were tied at 48 % in the same poll the previous week . And a Washington Post poll released Tuesday showed Obama continuing to lead Romney in Virginia , one of the vital battleground states of 2012 . CNN 's Polling Center Another clip from the event , posted later Monday , shows Romney questioning the prospect of ever reaching peace between Israelis and Palestinians . "  I 'm torn by two perspectives in this regard , " Romney is shown saying . "  One is the one which I 've had for some time , which is that the Palestinians have no interest whatsoever in establishing peace , and that the pathway to peace is almost unthinkable to accomplish . " Romney goes on to describe the obstacles he sees toward developing a so-called "  two-state solution " that would establish an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel . He cites problems of geography , including the proximity to Tel Aviv of a potential border between the two states , as preventing any real progression toward the two states . "  These are problems - these are very hard to solve , all right ? " Romney says on the tape . "  And I look at the Palestinians not wanting to see peace anyway , for political purposes , committed to the destruction and elimination of Israel , and these thorny issues , and I say , ` There 's just no way . ' " In public , Romney has previously declared support for the two-state solution . CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi and CNN 's Tom Cohen , Ashley Killough , Jim Acosta , Kevin Liptak and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Romney not backing away from controversial comments NEW : Obama says in interview that the president represents entire country NEW : Republicans in key Senate races seek to distance themselves from Romney comments NEW : Tracking poll shows Obama bounce fading overall ; Other poll shows Obama still leads in Virginia
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- An Indian court in the western state of Gujarat has convicted 31 of the 94 people charged with conspiracy and murder for setting fire to a passenger train in 2002 which triggered widespread religious violence , resulting in the death of more than 1,000 people . Sixty-three of the accused , including one of the main conspirators , were acquitted Tuesday due to lack of evidence , prosecutors said . A suspected Muslim mob attacked the Sabarmati Express near the town of Godhra on 27 February , 2002 , killing more than 50 people , most of whom were Hindu pilgrims . The Hindu pilgrims were returning from the north Indian town of Ayodhya where they had been demanding that the government build a temple on the ruins of a 16th century mosque . The train fire sparked days of rioting in which more than a thousand people , mostly Muslims , were killed . The cause of the train fire has long been disputed . Special security arrangements were made throughout the state ahead of the sensitive verdict to maintain peace . Indian authorities have also imposed restrictions on broadcasting video or photographs of the original carnage on the day of the verdict . So far , no violence has been reported following the verdict .	63 others are acquitted because of lack of evidence The torching of the train killed more than 50 , mostly Hindu pilgrims It sparked days of rioting in which most Muslims were killed India takes special security steps ahead of the verdict
CNN  Tejano star Selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a big way : with a hologram-like figure . Billboard reports that the singer 's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "  walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment " of her persona . "  By no means is this something that 's creepy or weird , " her sister , Suzette Quintanilla , told Billboard . "  We think it 's something amazing . A lot of the new fans that did not get to experience what Selena was about hopefully will be able to get a sense of her with this new technology that 's going to be coming out . " Selena : 20 years after her death The technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC , a Nevada-based tech company . "  Using detailed individual personalized functions spanning the mind , brain and body , the individual 's Digitized Human Essence will autonomously learn and react on behalf of its human counterpart 's , " the company explained . The project is being called "  Selena the One . " Twenty years after she was killed by her fan club president , Selena remains incredibly popular , with her Facebook page recording 2 million likes and fans continuing to post videos and tributes . Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology , Quintanilla said . "  I 'm excited at the fact that she will be the first ever , and the fact that she 's a Latina makes it even more awesome , " she said . "  It 's not about replacing Selena in any shape , way or form ; it 's just something to help her legacy continue growing . " The family intends to expand her legacy in another way : with some new music . Selena the One "  will release new songs and videos , will collaborate with current hit artists , and aims to go on tour in 2018 , " said a statement on Selena 's Facebook page . Selena is n't the first performer to try the virtual route . A Michael Jackson hologram appeared at the Billboard Music Awards in 2014 , and a hologram of Tupac Shakur performed at Coachella in 2012 . But the new technology is a step forward , Quintanilla said . "  People do n't realize how fast technology is moving , " she told Billboard . "  This is something that we 're building for another two to three years , so when 2018 comes around they 'll be like , ` Oh , OK , we get it . ' " Fans can join an Indiegogo campaign , www.selenatheone.com , to support the launch . The campaign , which hopes to raise $ 500,000 , begins April 16 . The commemorative Fiesta de la Flor in Corpus Christi , Texas -- which celebrates her life -- is scheduled for April 17 and 18 . CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this story .	Selena Quintanilla-Perez will be re-created as hologram-like figure The Tejano singer is first to be part of a new technology , says sister Selena was killed 20 years ago but remains hugely popular
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Violent crime in the United States declined in 2008 , due in part to a significant drop in the number of murders , according to the first available FBI figures covering the entire year . The decline would be the third straight year-to-year drop in violent crime in the United States . The preliminary figures for 2008 , released Monday , show that overall reported crime dropped 2.5 percent nationally from the previous year , including a 4.4 percent decline in murders . Although crime statistics varied sharply from city to city , the overall number of reported murders declined 9.1 percent in cities with populations of 100,000 to 250,000 . However , murders increased 5.5 percent in towns of fewer than 10,000 residents . Overall , the number of aggravated assaults declined 3.2 percent , forcible rape decreased 2.2 percent , and robbery decreased 1.1 percent . The Preliminary Annual Uniform Crime Report historically provides a strong indication of the final figures that will be compiled and released later in the year . The statistics are based on a compilation of crime reports provided to the FBI by the more than 12,000 law enforcement agencies in the nation . The report shows a small increase in violent crime in the second half of the year . Figures for the first half of 2008 , which were released in early January , showed that overall violent crime through the end of June had declined 3.5 percent , compared with the 2.5 percent decline for the entire year . Other results in the year-end figures were a 1.6 percent drop in reported property crimes from 2007 , including a 13.1 percent decline in motor vehicle thefts . Violent crime in the United States has largely been on the decline over the past two decades . In 2005 , however , a surprising increase prompted headlines of an end to the drop in violence . Monday 's figures show that the downward trend has resumed . After the 2005 violent crime increase of 2.3 percent , the figures increased only 1.9 percent in 2006 and then dropped 0.7 percent in 2007 before the decline of 2.5 percent in the preliminary 2008 figures .	Preliminary data : U.S. violent crime in 2008 dropped 2.5 percent from 2007 Murders declined 4.4 percent but rose in towns of fewer than 10,000 people Drop in violent crime would be third consecutive year-to-year decline Violent crime in the U.S. has largely been declining over the past two decades
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- Alicia Babatz was on her way to pick up her 2-year-old daughter Wednesday when she felt the bridge give way beneath her . Alicia Babatz , 22 , was in her car as it plunged into the Mississippi River . Her seatbelt left her bruised . She said she thought she was going to die as her car crashed into the concrete and plunged into the water . Buckled in behind the wheel , she watched the water rise above her . "  I thought that for sure I was going to drown . I thought I was going to sink with my car , " she said from her hospital bed Friday , her left shoulder bearing the bruised imprint of a seatbelt . Fighting what she called "  excruciating pain , " Babatz , 22 , escaped through a window and swam to the rubble of the collapsed bridge . "  I was crying for help , but there were cries for help all around me , " she said . It took Babatz about 30 minutes to get out of the water . She said she looked back , and her car was gone . "  It 's still hard for me to believe that I took that fall , I went through all that ... but I 'm here , and that , to me , is just amazing , " she said . Watch Babatz describe her harrowing experience " Survivor Lori Patterson also witnessed the Interstate 35W bridge collapse -- she was jogging under it moments before it crumbled . Patterson said she heard a loud explosion and turned around , thinking it was construction or dynamite testing . "  It was eerily still and quiet . Like a movie set , " she wrote in an e-mail she sent to friends and family letting them know she was not in danger . Patterson said that as she watched the dust settle , she began to realize what had happened . More than 100 people were injured Wednesday when the Interstate 35W bridge collapsed into the Mississippi River . Five people are confirmed to have died , but the toll is expected to rise as the underwater recovery effort goes on . As divers searched the murky waters Friday , there was relief when one woman feared missing was found alive and well , the Hennepin County sheriff said . The woman 's car was found at the disaster site , but she was not . Investigators tracked her down Friday morning at her workplace , Sheriff Rich Stanek said . However , Stanek would not say how many people are still missing . Stanek had said Friday morning eight people were unaccounted for , but said later : "  We 're not convinced only eight are missing . " Minneapolis Police Department spokeswoman Ameilia Huffman had previously told CNN the sheriff 's count was "  speculative , " and Police Chief Tim Dolan had estimated 20 to 30 people remained missing . Four bodies were recovered Wednesday and one was recovered Thursday , Hennepin County Sheriff 's Capt. Bill Chandler said at a Friday morning news briefing . The Minneapolis Fire Department recovered the fifth body from the bridge decking , he said . See photos of the disaster " At least 100 people have come to hospitals with injuries , said Dr. John Hick of the Hennepin County Medical Center . Authorities reported Thursday that at least 79 people were injured . The number went up because some people waited before going to hospitals complaining of ailments from the collapse -- which is expected , once the adrenaline and initial shock from the experience wear off , Hick said . Friday morning 's recovery effort went more smoothly than anticipated , Stanek said . Four submerged vehicles were checked and found to contain no victims , he said . A fifth was not checked because another car is on top of it ; heavy equipment would eventually be brought in , he said . Chandler said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers had adjusted a nearby dam to drop the river 's water level by 2 feet and was regulating the current to make it easier on the divers , whom Chandler directs . Stanek said National Transportation Safety Board investigators had told him that 60 vehicles were visible at the collapse site . The five people confirmed dead were all identified by Friday evening . They were Sherry Lou Engebretsen , 60 , of Shoreview , Minnesota ; Julia Blackhawk , 32 , of Savage , Minnesota ; Patrick Holmes , 36 , of Mounds View , Minnesota ; Artemio Trinidad-Mena , 29 , of Minneapolis ; and Paul Eickstadt , 51 , of Moundsview , Minnesota . Stanek said he has visited three times with missing people 's family members at a nearby Holiday Inn . "  When you go over there , it 's quite heart-wrenching , " he said Friday morning . "  These people just want some information . They have hope that something will come . " First lady Laura Bush visited the site Friday . "  I 'm so sorry , " she said upon meeting Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak and other officials . "  If there 's anything good about it , maybe we can look at other bridges . " She greeted and thanked police officers , firefighters and Red Cross volunteers . "  God bless you all , " she said . President Bush , who on Thursday pledged federal aid to rebuild the bridge , will visit the disaster site Saturday . The disaster prompted U.S. Transportation Secretary Mary Peters on Thursday to urge all states to immediately inspect all bridges of the same design . There are about 750 of them across the United States , according to Brian Turmail , a spokesman for the Transportation Department .  See the bridges in need of immediate inspection Peters on Friday ordered the Federal Highway Administration to offer federal help -- mostly likely in form of engineers -- to all 50 states to complete the inspections . E-mail to a friend	Woman escapes from car ; another jogs under bridge moments before collapse Woman 's car found at disaster site ; she 's safe at work Number of people actually missing still unclear First lady Laura Bush visits Minneapolis ; president to visit Saturday
CNN  -- The man accused in the brutal killing of Arkansas television anchor Anne Pressly will appear next Thursday in Pulaski County Circuit Court , where he will enter a plea in the high-profile case . Anne Pressly , 26 , was a news anchor at KATV in Little Rock , Arkansas . Curtis Lavell Vance , 28 , was formally charged Thursday with capital murder , rape , residential burglary and theft , Prosecutor Larry Jegley said Friday . Neither he nor police would discuss details of the case because of a gag order imposed by the judge . Jegley has n't said whether he will seek the death penalty . Jegley said Vance , who denies he was in Little Rock , Arkansas , when Pressly was killed , was being held at the Pulaski County Regional Detention Facility . Vance was linked to the killing through DNA testing . Lt. Terry Hastings , spokesman for Little Rock police , told CNN in December that investigators are "  110 percent " certain Vance killed Pressly , 26 , who was the morning news anchor for KATV , a CNN affiliate . Pressly was found unconscious in her home October 20 and died five days later at a hospital . "  She fought for her life . She fought her attacker . Her left hand was broken from trying to fight this man off , " Pressly 's mother , Patti Cannady , told NBC . "  Six weeks ago this morning , I found my daughter beyond recognition with every bone in her face broken , her nose broken , her jaw pulverized so badly that the bone had come out of it ; I actually thought that her throat had possibly been cut . Her entire skull had numerous fractures from which she suffered a massive stroke . " Hastings told CNN that DNA evidence also ties Vance to a rape in April in Marianna , Arkansas , about 90 miles east of Little Rock . The affidavit related to the Pressly case , from Little Rock detective Tommy Hudson , said police made contact with Vance at his home in Marianna . Hastings said investigators have found no link between Pressly and Vance , and they do not believe Pressly 's being on TV had anything to do with the killing . "  I think he saw her someplace , probably followed her home with intention of robbing her . And then went from there . " The killer also took Pressly 's purse , Hastings said .	Curtis Lavell Vance , 28 , has been charged with capital murder , rape , burglary , theft Anne Pressly was found unconscious in her home in October and died five days later Vance was linked to the killing through DNA testing DNA evidence also ties Vance to a rape in April in Marianna , Arkansas , police say
CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Il arrived in China Thursday after a visit to Russia , the state-run Xinhua news agency in China reported . The brief report from Inner Mongolia said Kim was visiting northeastern China but gave no further details about what he was doing or who he was meeting . The trips comes after Kim visited Russia earlier this week , where he said North Korea is ready to return to nuclear talks without preconditions , according to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's spokeswoman . Medvedev and Kim talked for about two hours , Medvedev 's spokeswoman Natalia Timakova told Russia 's Interfax news agency . "  Kim Jong Il has expressed his readiness to resume the six-party  nuclear  talks without preconditions , and then during those talks  the North Koreans  will be ready to impose a ban on the production of nuclear materials and their testing , " she said . The last round of six-party talks took place in 2008 . In addition to Russia and North Korea , the talks also include South Korea , Japan , the United States and China . "  I have quite a positive feeling about the meeting , which was sincere , rich in content and multi-faceted , " Medvedev said on Russian TV . While North Korea has called for the resumption of six-party talks without preconditions before , the United States and South Korea have insisted on a tangible demonstration from North Korea that it is serious about denuclearization . Washington and Seoul did not immediately respond to Wednesday 's developments . It was first Kim 's third visit to Russia . As on trips in 2001 and 2002 , he travelled all the way from North Korea in his own armored train . RIA-Novosti said Kim 's train consists of 17 rail cars , plus four Russian cars that were added in Russia 's Far East to transport local Russian officials and extra security guards and service personnel .	Kim Jong Il arrives in northeastern China , according to a brief report He visited Russia earlier this week He said he was prepared to return to nuclear talks without conditions The United States and South Korea want a sign he is serious about denuclearization
ORANGE COUNTY , California  CNN  -- One of the larger fires in Southern California was deliberately started by someone with apparent knowledge of arson , a fire official said Thursday . Firefighter Luke Perisin sets a backfire Wednesday against the Santiago Fire in Live Oak Canyon , California . The Santiago Fire in Orange County was started in two places along a little-traveled road , according to Chief Chip Prather of the county 's fire authority . The fire , which has burned more than 25,000 acres , was started in brush just off Santiago Canyon Road , not close to homes . It spread rapidly , indicating the arsonist had some knowledge of winds and other factors . "  It is a confirmed arson . There was evidence found at the scene . That is the purpose of our early declaration of it being an arson-caused fire , " Prather said . He would not describe the evidence . Watch how the evidence points to arson " Prather said officials originally thought the fire had three points of origin instead of two . The Santiago Fire 's points of origin are considered crime scenes , said Jim Amornino , a spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff 's Department . The reward for information leading to an arrest has increased to $ 250,000 -- $ 50,000 each from the governor 's office , the U.S. agency of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , and the FBI , Prather said . KFI radio has chipped in another $ 100,000 , the sheriff 's department said . The state established a toll-free arson tip line at 800-540-7085 . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said anyone convicted of arson would be dealt with harshly . If a suspect is to be found , "  it 's going to be by a clue from the public , " said county Sheriff Mike Corona . About 1,100 firefighters were working on controlling the Santiago Fire , which has destroyed at least 22 structures , according to Orange County Fire Battalion Chief Kris Concepcion . The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said the fire was only 30 percent contained Thursday morning after being 50 percent contained the day before . Watch the Santiago flames rage " The motive of the Santiago Fire 's arsonist was a mystery to Concepcion . "  That 's the part that I really ca n't figure out , to tell you the truth , " he told CNN . "  That individual knew on Sunday when this fire started that we had , really , the perfect storm , if you will . We had the heavy Santa Ana winds , we had the low relative humidities , we had the high temperatures . "  And then for someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire where they knew the fire would grow as rapidly as it would -- traveling about three , 3 1/2 miles in about an hour -- is just really absolutely unconscionable , " he said . The smaller Rosa Fire in Riverside County , 100 percent contained at 411 acres Thursday morning , was also probably arson , state officials said . Meanwhile , Los Angeles Fire Department investigators are looking into whether a man who was arrested on suspicion of arson in the San Fernando Valley may have had a role in any of the ongoing blazes , an L.A. police spokeswoman said . Catalino Pineda , 41 , was arrested Wednesday , Officer Kate Lopez told CNN . Witnesses told police they saw him lighting a fire on a hillside in the West Hills area of San Fernando -- northwest of Los Angeles -- then walking away , Lopez said . Pineda was already on probation for "  making excessive false emergency reports " to police at the time of the arrest , Lopez said . His bail has been set at $ 75,000 , she said . The fire he allegedly set was brought under control , but now authorities want to find out if he had any role in the other wildfires . In San Bernardino County , John Alfred Rund , 48 , was arrested Tuesday evening and charged with setting a small fire along a rural roadside near Victorville . Rund was to be arraigned Thursday morning in Victorville . He was being held in lieu of $ 750,000 bail . The county 's district attorney 's office on Thursday also filed arson charges against Anthony Riperti , 47 , of Redlands . A statement from the office did not say when or where Riperti is accused of setting a fire . He is being held on $ 250,000 bail and will be arraigned later Thursday . The San Diego County Sheriff 's Department also arrested an adult and a juvenile accused by an anonymous tipster of starting a fire in Vista in the northern part of the county . In a written statement , the sheriff 's department identified the adult as Gorgonio Nava . The Vista Fire Department extinguished the blaze before it grew out of control , the statement said . Investigators have determined that the Grass Valley Fire in San Bernardino County was not caused by arson , and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 10,152-acre Slide Fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor , sheriff 's spokeswoman Cindy Beaver said . E-mail to a friend	Santiago Fire deliberately started in two places , official says Santiago Fire grows to 25,000 acres L.A. authorities investigate man arrested for suspected arson Blaze has destroyed 22 structures
CNN  -- Renee Pernice , a 35-year-old mother of two young children , vanished from her home in Kansas City , Missouri , shortly after New Year 's this year . She has n't been heard from since . Renee Pernice is pictured here with her two sons and husband , Shon . Police believe foul play is involved , yet they have not found her body . No one has been arrested in the case . Police have not named her husband , Shon Pernice , as a person of interest or a suspect in the case . However , "  he 's the last known person to see her alive , " said Doug Niemeier , a sergeant with the Kansas City Police Department . Six months after Renee Pernice disappeared , police say they still have questions about her husband in the days after her disappearance , including why he allegedly accessed a local fire department 's hazardous materials building around 4:30 a.m. January 3 . "  It should be noted that multiple types of cleaners , solvents and cleaning supplies are stored at Station # 5 , " a police affidavit says . Attorneys for Shon Pernice declined to comment for this story . Police and family say Renee was pursuing a divorce around the time she disappeared . A local firefighter , Shon Pernice has said he was not involved in her disappearance . He told a local activist in March that "  I did n't harm my wife one bit . Not at all . " In that interview , one of the few in which he 's referenced his wife 's disappearance , he added , "  It 's gut-wrenching thinking that either she 's got a rich-ass doctor boyfriend somewhere and she 's happy , or she 's dead . " Since his wife disappeared , Shon Pernice has been arrested twice on unrelated charges : once for allegedly stealing a neighbor 's gun and another time for disturbing the peace in an incident with that same neighbor this past July Fourth weekend . "  As everybody knows , my wife has been missing since January 2 , " he told CNN affiliate KCTV5 . "  This is what it stems from . Basically what the media ... has portrayed of me -- of the whole situation . There 's a lot of people that do n't like me . " The couple 's two sons , ages 6 and 9 , remain in the care of the father , although Renee Pernice 's mother has sought custody of them . "  There is a lot that just is n't right , " said Rick Pretz , the missing woman 's father . "  It 's not a stable environment for the children . " Renee Pernice was known for being a caring mother , a talented nurse at St. Luke 's Hospital and a gentle animal lover always surrounded by dogs . Neighbors say they last saw her in her backyard with her dogs the morning of Friday , January 2 , 2009 . When police searched the home , they say they found her purse , coat and other items still in the house . Her car was in the garage . Police say her cell phone was missing from the house . A homeless man found the phone in grass about 15 miles from her home , in an area Renee Pernice was not known to frequent , police say . It was found around midnight January 3 , the affidavit says . Since then , police and volunteer teams have searched the area extensively , but they have found nothing . "  Family members and common friends of both Shon and Renee told police that Renee was not the kind of mother who would separate herself from her children for any reason , " the affidavit says . "  Family members advised that finding Renee 's purse at the residence was highly unusual as she never went anywhere without her purse . " According to the affidavit , investigators watched Shon Pernice drive away from the home with his wife 's dog and drop it off at a park a few days after he reported his wife missing . The affidavit also alleges that a drop of blood was found in the garage . However , authorities have not released whether it matched Renee Pernice or her husband . According to Renee Pernice 's family , she was not the kind of person to take off on her own without letting her family know where she was . "  I spoke to her just the night before at 7 p.m. on the phone , " her father told CNN . "  She would never leave her two sons like this . " The family is offering a $ 25,000 reward for any information leading to the whereabouts of Renee Pernice . A white truck that could be related to her disappearance was captured on a surveillance tape in the area where her cell phone was found , and police have released a photo of it . Anyone who may have lent such a truck at the time the surveillance image was taken is being asked to come forward . Renee Pernice is white , stands 5 feet , 7 inches tall , and has brown hair and blue eyes . Anyone with information is urged to call the Kansas City Police Department at 1-816-474-TIPS . CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Renee Pernice disappeared from her home shortly after New Year 's this year Police believe foul play is involved , although they have not found a body Police say her husband accessed a HazMat building shortly after she disappeared Attorneys for husband , Shon Pernice , declined comment for this report
CHARLESTON , South Carolina  CNN  -- Sen. John Kerry on Thursday endorsed Sen. Barack Obama for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination , saying the senator from Illinois is a "  candidate to bring change to our country . " "  Barack Obama is n't just going to break the mold , " said Kerry , the Democratic presidential candidate four years ago . "  Together , we are going to shatter it into a million pieces . " The senator from Massachusetts made the announcement in front of an enthusiastic crowd in Charleston , South Carolina , 16 days ahead of the state 's Democratic primary . Kerry said he was stirred by the way Obama "  eloquently reminded us of the fact that our true genius is faith in simple dreams and insistence on small miracles . " Watch Kerry explain why he 's picking Obama " The endorsement could be seen as a blow to former Sen. John Edwards , who was Kerry 's running mate in the 2004 election . Edwards also is vying for the Democratic presidential nomination this year . The endorsement should n't come as a surprise to Edwards , who was publicly critical of Kerry 's campaign after the earlier election . Following news of the endorsement , Edwards released a statement saying he respects Kerry 's decision . "  When we were running against each other and on the same ticket , John and I agreed on many issues , " Edwards said . "  I continue to believe that this election is about the future , not the past , and that the country needs a president who will fight aggressively to end the status quo and change the Washington system and to give voice to all of those whose voices are ignored in the corridors of power . " Kerry made an oblique reference to the other candidates in the race "  with whom I have worked and who I respect " in his speech Thursday . "  They are terrific public servants , and each of them could be president tomorrow , and each would fight to take this country in the right direction , but I believe that more than anyone else , Barack Obama can help our country turn the page and get America moving by uniting and ending the division that we have faced , " he said . A source suggested senator 's support for Obama will be a big boost because Kerry "  remains one of the most popular figures in the Democratic Party and -LSB- has -RSB- an e-mail list with millions of addresses . " In an e-mail sent to the JohnKerry.com community Thursday , the former presidential candidate said the next president of the United States "  can be , should be , and will be Barack Obama . " A Kerry spokesman said Obama will be sending out a note to Kerry 's e-mail list , which was created during the 2004 run and numbers 3 million . Obama on Wednesday picked up endorsements from two key unions in Nevada , which holds its caucuses January 19 . Atlanta , Georgia , Mayor Shirley Franklin recently announced her endorsement of Obama , and sources said Thursday that Sen. Tim Johnson of South Dakota also would back the senator from Illinois . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Candy Crowley and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Barack Obama will bring the country together , Sen. John Kerry says Kerry was the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004 John Edwards , also running for the '08 Democratic bid , was Kerry 's running mate Obama picked up key endorsements from unions in Nevada this week
Livermore , California  CNN  -- The new START arms control agreement with Russia calls for the United States to significantly reduce its nuclear stockpile , but critics are rightly asking whether this will leave the U.S. safe . They say the U.S. must maintain a healthy nuclear deterrent , even as it works toward President Obama 's goal of a world free of nuclear weapons . That leaves questions about the quality of the nuclear weapons the U.S. will keep in its arsenal , which are aging . Are they safe ? Are they reliable ? And , given that the United States stopped testing nuclear weapons by blowing them up -- both above and below ground -- 18 years ago , how will we know ? Those are some of the questions that CNN 's Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Dougherty and I sought to answer when we flew to Northern California for an exclusive tour of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory . At Livermore , it is all about virtual testing . Scientists actually generate the conditions of a nuclear weapon to analyze the nuclear stockpiles to make sure they are functioning correctly . The word "  cool " does not begin to describe it . First , Brian Cracciola showed us around Livermore 's High Explosives Applications Facility , where he is the operations manager . At HEAF , scientists conduct up to 1,000 explosions a year and heat up explosives to react to thermal changes . He walked us into a tank that can blow up 22 pounds of explosives . "  When and if the president ever has to push that button , we need to know that the weapons will work , " Cracciola said . "  And as we scale down the nuclear weapons , we are working to make them much safer and much more reliable . " Bruce Goodwin , who runs the weapons program at Livermore , explained that high-explosive molecule testing is even more extensive than the traditional testing done before 1992 , when a nuclear test involved blowing up a nuclear weapon . "  There are hundreds of ways a nuclear device can fail , " Goodwin told us "  We catalogue those and we test against them in a non-nuclear fashion . And , more importantly , we can do complete three-dimensional simulations of things that you could n't possibly test in the old days . " At Livermore , you can cut the explosives in half by laser without melting or sparking . We learned that this means you do n't disturb the atoms inside the high explosive . Goodwin said the test vibrates the atoms at a rate of a millionth-billionth of a second , so fast that heat and shock waves ca n't be conducted . This removes the atoms one at a time from the high explosive and provides a more accurate reading of the condition of the explosive . "  We found failure modes in the stockpile that we could never have found with nuclear testing because we 're able to do these massive simulations , " he said . "  These are the largest calculations that man has ever done . " All of these simulations are cataloged on Livermore 's supercomputers , which are some of the fastest in the world . Michel McCoy , the lab 's associate director for computation , showed us around the supercomputer rooms , which he calls the lab 's "  crown jewel . " There , thousands of computers pull together all of the physics necessary to model a nuclear weapon 's reliability and safety . Did I mention these computers are fast ? We are talking about a hundred trillion operations per second . It is about to get even faster , with a new computer system called the petaflop , which would be able to do about a quintillion operations per second . McCoy said even that is n't fast enough for what the U.S. needs to do to fix the nuclear weapons as they age . We ended our day at Livermore 's National Ignition Facility , where the world 's largest laser generates the temperatures and pressures found only in stars , the sun and in nuclear weapons . The equipment looks like a spaceship about to take off . This summer , NIF will begin experiments that will focus the energy of 192 giant laser beams on a tiny target filled with hydrogen fuel . The goal is to obtain fusion energy , which is what powers the sun and stars . Inside the target chamber , the target that each of the lasers needs to hit is smaller than the diameter of a human hair . The director of the NIF , Edward Moses , showed us a full-scale target , which can fit in his hand . Inside a little gold can is a red dot the size of a pencil eraser . There , Moses said , "  the isotopes of hydrogen sit ... and get ready to be blown to bits . " "  We can model parts of physical processes that go on inside a weapon without testing , " Moses said . "  This is the only place in the world where you can get to the nuclear phase of the weapon without blowing up a bomb . " In fact , we found that at Livermore , scientists could learn more about what 's going on inside a nuclear weapon without actually testing it than they can with a nuclear test . Every night , the control room , modeled on NASA 's command center , runs a laser experiment using 2,000 computers and 60,000 control points . "  We 're finally at the point with this laser facility and our computers and with other facilities for the first time to do this kind of thing , " Moses said . "  And I think this is why President Obama probably has more confidence -- one of the many reasons he has -- to go forward with this new policy . "	Critics wonder : Would the new START arms pact with Russia leave the U.S. vulnerable ? At Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , non-nuclear blasts help simulate nuclear ones Virtual testing aims to ensure that U.S. arms are safe , reliable At lab , some of world 's fastest supercomputers simulate what happens inside nuke blast
CNN  -- A pea-sized seahorse , the world 's longest insect , a "  ghost slug " and the world 's smallest snake were among the top 10 species discovered in 2008 , a committee of scientists said Friday . A tiny seahorse and the world 's longest insect were among the top 10 new species discovered in 2008 . These unusual critters were among thousands of species found last year , many in remote or tropical regions of the planet , that hint at the breadth of the Earth 's undiscovered biodiversity . "  Most people do not realize just how incomplete our knowledge of Earth 's species is , " said Quentin Wheeler , director of the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University , which announced the top 10 new species list . "  We are surrounded by such an exuberance of species diversity that we too often take it for granted , " Wheeler added . The ASU institute and an international committee of taxonomists -- scientists devoted to species exploration and classification -- compile the top 10 list of new species each year . Also on the 2008 list are a caffeine-free coffee plant , a snail whose shell twists around four axes , a palm that flowers itself to death and microscopic bacteria that live in hairspray . See photos of the new species " Here 's the complete list : 1 . Pygmy seahorse : Classified by its Latin name , Hippocampus satomiae , this species measures about half an inch long and was found near Derawan Island off Kalimantan , Indonesia . 2 . A plant that kills itself : Found in a small area of northwestern Madagascar , a rare genus of palm -- Tahina spectablilis -- produces huge , spectacular flowers and then dies and collapses . Fewer than 100 have been found . 3 . Decaf , please : Known as Coffea charrieriana , this plant found in Cameroon is the first record of a caffeine-free coffee species from Central Africa . 4 . Spray-on species : An extremophile bacteria , Microbacterium hatanonis , was discovered in hairspray by Japanese scientists . 5 . A stick that moves : The world 's longest insect , with a body length of 14 inches  22.3 inches including legs  , Phobaeticus chani resembles a stick and was found in Borneo , Malaysia . 6 . The Barbados Threadsnake : Leptotyphlops carlae measures only 4.1 inches long and is believed to be the world 's smallest snake . 7 . A pale "  ghost slug " : Selenochlamys ysbryda was a surprising find in the densely populated area of Cardiff , Wales . 8 . A very limber snail : This unique species , Opisthostoma vermiculum , is found on a limestone hill in Malaysia and has a shell that twists around four axes . 9 . Damsel in the deep blue sea : Chromis abyssus is a beautiful species of damselfish found in deep-reef habitat off the coast of Ngemelis Island , Palau . 10 . Fossil mama : A fossilized fish , Materpiscis attenboroughi , is an extremely rare find from Western Australia and shows a mother giving birth 380 million years ago . Scientists are still classifying species found around the globe in 2008 , so final data for that year are not available . But on Friday , the taxonomists issued a State of Observed Species report card that states 18,516 species new to science -- about half of them insects -- were discovered and described in 2007 . The vast majority of the 18,516 species named in 2007 were invertebrate animals  75.6 percent  , vascular plants  11.1 percent  and vertebrates  6.7 percent  . The report was compiled by ASU 's International Institute for Species Exploration in partnership with other scientists . "  Charting the species of the world and their unique attributes are essential parts of understanding the history of life , " Wheeler said . "  It is in our own self-interest as we face the challenges of living on a rapidly changing planet . " According to Wheeler , a new generation of tools is coming online that will vastly accelerate the rate at which humans can discover and describe species . The annual release of the top 10 new species list and State of Observed Species report commemorate the anniversary of the birth of Carolus Linnaeus , who initiated the modern system of plant and animal names and classifications . An estimated 1.8 million species have been described since Linnaeus initiated the modern systems for naming plants and animals in the 18th century . Scientists estimate that there are between 2 million and 100 million species on Earth , though most set the number closer to 10 million , according to ASU . "  It is estimated that the approximately 1.8 million species named since 1758 represent no more than a fraction of the world 's species , " the report states . "  Rapid environmental changes around the world highlight the urgent need to accelerate our exploration of Earth 's species , " the report says . "  Millions of species -- the majority not yet known to science -- face an uncertain future . Among these species are keys to understanding the history of the origin and diversification of life on our planet . "	A committee of scientists named the top 10 species discovered in 2008 Among them are an Indonesian seahorse that measures about half an inch long The world 's longest insect has a body length of 14 inches and resembles a stick A coffee plant from Cameroon is a rare caffeine-free coffee species
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A giant lobster named George escaped a dinner-table fate and was released Saturday into the Atlantic Ocean after a New York seafood restaurant granted him his freedom , according to a statement from the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals . George the lobster was a "  sort of mascot " for City Crab and Seafood in New York . The lobster , which PETA said was 140 years old and weighed 20 pounds , had been confined to a tank at City Crab and Seafood restaurant in Manhattan when two customers alerted the animal group . The PETA statement did not say how the extraordinary age estimate was determined , but restaurant manager Keith Valenti told CNN that lobsters can grow a pound every seven to 10 years , and he put George 's weight at 18 to 20 pounds . "  I 've been here for 12 years , and that 's the biggest lobster I 've ever seen , " Valenti said . He said the lobster had been "  sitting in the restaurant 's tank and acting as a sort of mascot , " but when PETA got involved and requested the release , it "  seemed like the right thing to do . " PETA President Ingrid Newkirk said in a statement , "  We applaud the folks at City Crab and Seafood for their compassionate decision to allow this noble old-timer to live out his days in freedom and peace . "  We hope that their kind gesture serves as an example that these intriguing animals do n't deserve to be confined to tiny tanks or boiled alive . " Shedding the tight confines of his old restaurant display tank , George was driven to Maine by PETA members and was returned to his natural habitat on the ocean floor Saturday , the organization said .	PETA estimated lobster 's age at 140 years ; he weighed 20 pounds Group 's members drove him to Maine and released him into the ocean Restaurant manager said George was "  biggest lobster I 've ever seen "
CNN  -- Professor Raffaello D'Andrea is n't short of admirers for his autonomous flying robots and the amazing tricks they perform . Every week , he receives a flood of e-mails from excited people telling him how to use them , he says . "  Folks have contacted me about using them to deliver burritos and pizzas , paint walls , do search and rescue , monitor the environment , flying cameras for movies ... It 's just endless , " D'Andrea says . "  I 'm not going to pass judgment on whether they are good or bad ... my role is to show people what is possible . " It appears those possibilities are growing by the day at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich  ETH Zurich  where D'Andrea leads a team of researchers at the Flying Machine Arena  FMA  . Set up by D'Andrea five years ago , the arena offers a "  sandbox environment " for testing a fleet of progressively acrobatic quadrocopters . In the beginning , these four-rotor machines learned to flip through 360-degrees , "  dance " to music and even play the piano . Today , increasingly complex flight maneuvers are being attempted as quadrocopters work together to build a six-meter tall model tower and juggle balls and poles . It is an extraordinary and slightly befuddling sight to behold . Read : Billion dollar mission to reach the Earth 's mantle Quadrocopters are controlled by varying the relative speed of each rotor blades , or pairs of rotor blades to generate thrust and control pitch , roll and yaw . They 've been around for a long time , says D'Andrea , but what 's making them so popular now as a creative tool is the shrinking size and cost of technology . "  In order to fly these things you need gyros . Only recently have they become small , accurate , and cheap enough to put on these vehicles , " he explains . The tiny motors driving each rotor are also extremely powerful and cheap now , he says , as are the batteries . Last month , ETH Zurich released video footage of their latest stunt showing a quadrocopter balancing a pole before tossing it to another quadrocopter which successfully catches and controls the pole . "  We tried various catching maneuvers , " said grad student Dario Brescianini , who D'Andrea and a colleague supervised during the research , "  but none of them worked until we introduced a learning algorithm , which adapts parameters of the catching trajectory to eliminate systematic errors . " It took Brescianini around three months to perfect the move , D'Andrea says , but the infrastructure behind the FMA has taken much longer to build up . Draped in protective netting and crash mats , the FMA looks like a rather down-at-heal gymnasium on first inspection , but a closer look reveals a high-tech suite of equipment which is crucial to understanding how the ETH 's quadrocopters fly . Atop the 10-meter cubed space sits a motion capture system  made up of eight cameras  which locate objects in the FMA at rates of more than 200 frames per second . The data from this indoor GPS system is sent to computers where custom-built software sends commands to the quadrocopters via wifi . Read : Scientists build human brain inside a supercomputer "  Aerodynamics is a very complex phenomena to model properly . If we can create machines that learn and adapt what they are doing in aerobatics it pushes use towards more intelligent systems . It 's a great research challenge , " D'Andrea says . Within five years he expects to see a proliferation of flying machines being used in a variety of settings . There are already companies exploring flying vehicles for inspection and for humanitarian purposes . In the case of the latter , he points to the efforts of Californian-based start-up Matternet . Founded by Andreas Raptopoulos , the company have ambitious plans to build a network of autonomous vehicles delivering food and aid to inaccessible areas in developing countries . In between in his other projects at ETH Zurich , which include developing balancing cubes and actuated wingsuits , D'Andrea is also looking for ways to commercialize the university 's innovations . He 's currently in the process of starting a company which aims to maximize the potential of their quadrocopters in the arts and entertainment industry . If his previous forays into the business world are anything to go by then expect it to be wildly successful . In 2003 , D'Andrea co-founded Kiva Systems , applying the knowledge learnt creating a team of soccer-playing robots at Cornell University . Read : Search for alien life on Earth The company , which provides automated robot systems for warehouses , was sold to Amazon for $ 775 million in 2012 . "  When we were doing RoboCup  an international robotics competition  it did not enter my mind that the learnings I would take from my students I had trained could be used to build a company like Kiva Systems , " he says . "  Basically , my mode of operation is really to focus on creating things that have never been done before and push the boundaries of what autonomous systems can do . In the process , do great research and educate people on how to really make things work and the applications will come . " There seems no limit to what autonomous flying robots might be capable of in the future and their unstoppable rise is increasingly causing concern , particularly their use in espionage and warfare . Suppressing the technology is not an option though , D'Andrea argues . "  I 'm a firm believer that if the military use this technology then it 's just a short step away from everyone using it , " he says . "  We do n't want the technology to be misused . The starting point is that our governments do n't misuse the technology . As a society , we should question how much of a role , if any , these robots have in warfare . " Efforts to outlaw weapon-carrying drones have been gathering speed and support in recent months . NGO Human Rights Watch published a report  Losing Humanity : The Case against Killer Robots  in November 2012 urging governments to pre-emptively ban autonomous weapons . Another campaign , "  Stop the Killer Robots , " is being mobilized by the NGO International Committee for Robot Arms Control and is due to launch in April . Far away from the social and political debates about the misuse of drones , D'Andrea is just keen to promote his teaching philosophy and how students should approach learning . "  I think there needs to be more room for unconstrained creation . We need to provide ways for folks , especially at university , to push the boundaries of what technology can do without being concerned about the immediate commercial application , " he says . "  We should be more concerned about fulfilling our dreams as children . What was it we wanted to do as children ? We wanted to fly like birds . Well , why are n't we doing that ? "	Raffaello D'Andrea heads ETH Zurich 's Flying Machine Arena Arena is at forefront of research into autonomous flying robots Quadrocopters learn amazing throwing and catching maneuvers D'Andrea says technology education needs to promote "  unconstrained creation "
CNN  -- Barcelona 's French international defender Eric Abidal will undergo emergency surgery Thursday for a liver tumor , the Spanish champions have announced . The 31-year-old 's condition was uncovered by a routine medical check after he felt unwell Tuesday . The club said the operation would begin at 1500 GMT , having been initially scheduled Friday . Abidal 's plight has stunned his Barcelona teammates with vice-captain Xavi Hernandez speaking for many . "  This is the toughest time I 've had at the club , but Abidal will get over it because mentally he 's one of the toughest people I know , " he told the club 's official website . Barca president Sandro Rosell said the club would do "  everything within its power and more to aid his recovery . " Details about the extent of the tumor have not emerged , but , if it is benign , specialists say he could make a quick recovery after surgery . But his illness comes at a critical part of Barcelona 's season as they bid for the domestic double in Spain and to win back the Champions League crown . Abidal played in both legs of Barcelona 's Champions League last 16 win over Arsenal and has been recalled to the French international squad . Goodwill messages have flooded in from the club 's supporters and Cristiano Ronaldo , Real Madrid 's star player , also wished him a quick recovery . "  I hope that everything will be fine for Abidal and that he will return soon , " he told AFP . Meanwhile , Manchester United revealed Wednesday that their former captain Bryan Robson had surgery for throat cancer earlier this month in Bangkok . . Robson , who also captained England , is coaching Thailand and acting as an ambassador for the English Premier League giants . The statement on their official website said he was making a good recovery and had returned to work . .	Barcelona defender Eric Abidal to have emergency surgery to remove liver tumor 31-year-old French international Abidal fell ill earlier this week Former England captain Bryan Robson has surgery for throat cancer
CNN  -- Bizarre and suicidal actions of Arizona shooting suspect Jared Lee Loughner have pushed a federal appeals panel to reverse an earlier decision and allow authorities to force him to take anti-psychotic medication . The three-judge panel for the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals based in San Francisco had ruled on July 12 that Loughner can refuse anti-psychotic medication . But since that ruling , Loughner , who has been diagnosed as schizophrenic , has deteriorated , prosecutors said . He 's had screaming and crying fits that last hours , he has harmed himself and claims that the radio was inserting thoughts into his head , prosecutors said . Loughner has also expressed "  regret for the circumstances that led to his arrest , " prosecutors wrote in court documents . When asked whether he had thoughts of harming himself , Loughner said : "  I want to die . Give me the injection . Kill me now , " court documents said . Authorities placed Loughner on suicide watch and prosecutors argued in court documents that he would continue to deteriorate and could become more dangerous if he continues to refuse the drugs . The judges released a ruling Friday that allowed authorities to force him to take the medication . Loughner is charged with killing six people -- including the chief federal judge of Arizona , John Roll -- in a supermarket parking lot in Tucson , Arizona , on January 8 . Among the 13 people wounded was U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , who was shot in the head . The suspect is being held in a federal mental hospital after an earlier court ruling found him incompetent to stand trial . His attorneys have argued that forcing him to take strong drugs violates his rights . Administering the anti-psychotic drugs was more about restoring his competency for trial rather than dealing with his behavior , his attorneys said in court filings .	He has crying fits and has asked to die , prosecutors said The suspect has been diagnosed as schizophrenic , prosecutors said Loughner 's attorneys say forcing him to take strong drugs violates his rights He is accused of shooting U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and several others
CNN  -- I spent part of my childhood in Ankara , Turkey , and part of it in Madrid , Spain . The school I attended in Ankara was a local building where they strictly followed the Turkish curriculum . My classroom oversaw a large courtyard , which we could n't see from our benches during class hours since all the windows had been half-painted in gray . Who had done it , I often wondered . Whose idea was it to cover the windows in such a dull color to prevent us from peering into the world outside ? The school I attended in Madrid was an international college with a predominantly British curriculum . I was the only Turk there . There were interesting contrasts between the two institutions , each of which left an impact on my young mind and soul . But the distinction that perhaps struck me most was the presence and the absence in each of "  the national oath " . In Ankara , every Monday morning we would gather in the schoolyard , hundreds of us , wearing black uniforms and snow-white lace collars . Turning our faces towards the bust of Ataturk -- the founder of modern Turkey -- and keeping our arms straight like soldiers , we would chant in perfect unison : "  I am a Turk , I am correct , I am diligent ... " And we would finish the oath with the same pledge : "  May my existence be a gift to you ! " It was that final line that disturbed me deep inside . I just wanted to be myself . Nothing more , nothing less . Why was my being an offering to the Turkish state and the Turkish nation ? Could I not have a Self separate from the collective Self ? As years went by I started asking new questions : Was there room for individuality in the Turkish society ? If so what were its limits and why ? Generations in Turkey have grown up repeating the national oath . Even if you were Kurdish you were still expected to say aloud , "  I am a Turk . " It was assumed that we all shared the same nationality  Turkish  and the same religion  Muslim  -- even those students who were Jewish or Armenian . The school system was based on sameness . We were treated as a mass of undifferentiated beings rather than individuals with diverse backgrounds and varying talents . It was only in 2013 that the national oath was abolished . But the ideology of sameness remains deeply-rooted . Today , it is just as difficult as yesterday to be and to remain an individual in Turkey . It is harder for women . In Turkey a woman is primarily seen as someone 's wife or someone 's daughter or someone 's mother . As a woman novelist , I am always treated as a woman first , then as a writer . For a male novelist it is the exact opposite . He is seen as a writer first and then people talk about his gender , if at all . One thing that makes me happy as a writer is to witness the diversity of my readers in Turkey : conservatives , liberals , leftists , secularists , Kemalists , Kurds , Alevis , Jews , Armenians ... Women with headscarves , women in miniskirts . But Turkey 's mainstream culture is deeply suspicious of "  difference " -- be it cultural , ethnic or sexual . Turkish society is stubbornly patriarchal and homophobic . Sameness is venerated . The Prime Minister tells us that every Turkish woman should have at least three children while the government talks about the need for creating a "  new , pious Muslim youth . " When identity is imposed from above , once again , individuality is in danger . Imagination is in danger . This land , which once upon a time , was a multi-ethnic , multilingual and multi-religious empire , has turned itself into a nation-state where uniformity and authoritarianism are venerated at the expense of diversity and cosmopolitanism . Turkey is filled with dynamism and potential for change but its adherence to sameness is stifling creativity and preventing it becoming a true and mature democracy . It is frustrating to see how little progress we have made over the years when it comes to improving our democracy , freedom of speech and women 's rights . We draw endless zigzags ; one step forward , one step back . And beneath the weight of sameness , Turkish society is more polarized than ever . The gap between supporters of the Prime Minister 's AKP party and its opponents is so wide that no one even attempts to bridge it anymore . We are divided into ghettoes of the like-minded . Glass walls surround us everywhere . We see each other but we neither listen nor talk , afraid and paranoid of the Other . As a result , the culture of coexistence , which was never profound in the first place , is eroding fast . There are only three areas left where people from different cultural and political backgrounds can still get together : art , literature and football . Outside these spaces we are a badly divided society .	Until 2013 , Turkish children would chant a national oath at school , says Elif Shafak Its wording made her query the place of separate and collective Self in Turkey , she writes Shafak says Turkey 's mainstream is suspicious of difference But she says "  sameness " is stifling creativity and democracy and causing divisions in society
A judge 's ruling that the city of Detroit can move forward with bankruptcy and strip the city 's public workers of their modest pension benefits will have a devastating impact on Detroit 's middle class -- many of whom are African-American -- and the city 's ability to rebuild a strong and sustainable economy . The largest municipal bankruptcy in our nation 's history , the Detroit decision charts a course where Wall Street banks and bondholders are at the front of the payment line while city residents , police officers , firefighters and other public employees are left at the rear , with only pennies . Kevyn Orr , Detroit 's unelected emergency manager , misled the public and succeeded in setting a dangerous precedent that will have ripple effects for other cities and states still struggling to get back on their feet in the post-recession economy . Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder and Orr , a former corporate bankruptcy lawyer , frequently cited the figure of Detroit 's $ 18 billion in long-term debt as the reason the city must declare bankruptcy . According to a recent report , "  The Detroit Bankruptcy , " written by former Goldman Sachs investment banker Wallace Turbeville , not only is $ 18 billion an inflated and inaccurate estimation of Detroit 's long-term debt , it is irrelevant . Unlike corporations , cities can not be liquidated , therefore cash flow , as opposed to long-term debt , is what must be addressed . Opinion : Detroit , the ` used to be ' city Detroit has a cash-flow shortfall of $ 198 million . Despite the blame placed on public pensions , the truth is that Detroit 's path to insolvency had little or nothing to do with pensions , which average just $ 19,000 per year for most employees and $ 30,000 per year for police and firefighters , who are not eligible to receive Social Security . There were several drivers of Detroit 's downward spiral : A depleted tax base : The city 's wealthier white population has declined by 1.4 million since the 1950s , leaving behind an almost entirely African-American and much poorer population . The remaining tax base continues to decline as unemployment stays stubbornly high : In 2008 alone , the number of working Detroit residents dropped by roughly one-quarter , further diminishing the city 's income tax receipts . Property tax revenue also dropped precipitously as home values went through the floor . Skyrocketing financial costs : Wall Street banks saddled Detroit with $ 1.6 billion in loan deals that were highly profitable for Wall Street , but exposed the city to risk it could not afford to take . The banks have already extracted $ 300 million from Detroit to terminate these interest rate swaps , and are posed to collect another $ 300 million in additional windfalls . Corporate subsidies and tax loopholes : While public workers were laid off and had salaries cut , Detroit gave away millions of public revenue in tax loopholes and subsidies to big corporations . A wealth of research finds that tax breaks like these are ineffective and it is apparent they have done little to create good jobs for Detroit residents . These tax breaks should be on the table , just like other obligations of the city in resolving the cash-flow crisis . The dynamics at play in Detroit are the same dynamics creating the growing wealth gap and keeping our economy from making a lasting and sustainable economic recovery . While Wall Street and corporations profit handsomely from a city 's decline , public workers -- the city 's middle class -- have sacrificed time and again . In recent years , thousands of public workers were laid off , and the remaining public employees accepted a 10 % pay cut , health benefit reductions and a 40 % cut in future pension benefits , saving Detroit $ 160 million . Not only is it immoral to force the working people to give up even more in the name of fiscal responsibility , but these cuts will only burden the effort to solve the city 's long-term challenges by depressing economic activity , pushing more residents into poverty , and making it difficult to retain and attract needed workers . Instead , Detroit 's cash flow shortfall must be addressed by fixing the problems that caused it in the first place . Banks must be told that they have profited enough from interest rate swaps that helped create this mess and will receive no more . The state needs to collaborate by increasing available revenues . Corporate tax loopholes must be closed and ineffective subsidies ended . Like other cities , Detroit can work its way back toward a healthy local economy with good jobs , quality public services and a robust tax base . But making that happen depends on honoring the promises made to workers and ensuring that Wall Street and big corporations pay their fair share .	Ross Eisenbrey : Stripping Detroit 's workers of their modest pensions will kill middle class Eisenbrey : Most pensions are $ 19,000 year ; $ 30,000 a year for police and firefighters He says culprits are sky-high financial costs , corporate subsidies , tax loopholes He says Detroit bankruptcy caused by same dynamics creating inequality in the nation
San Juan , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- The father of a 7-year-old girl abducted and killed near her north Georgia home this month said Sunday he is "  relieved " to have his daughter back in Puerto Rico , where she will be buried this week . A funeral for Jorelys Rivera will be held Monday in Penuelas , her father , Ricardo Galarza , said . The burial will take place Tuesday , he said . Services were held Saturday for mourners in Georgia before her body was flown to Puerto Rico . Galarza told CNN last week that he last saw his daughter two years ago , when she visited for the summer . She was supposed to visit for Christmas this year , Galarza said . Jorelys disappeared December 2 near a playground at a Canton , Georgia , apartment complex . Searchers found her body in a trash bin three days later . Authorities have accused 20-year-old Ryan Brunn -- a maintenance worker at the complex -- of killing her . Jorelys died of blunt force trauma to the head and was stabbed and sexually assaulted , according to authorities . A date for Brunn 's arraignment has not been set . David Cannon Sr. , one of Brunn 's court-appointed attorneys , has said that his client will plead not guilty .	Jorelys Rivera 's father says he is "  relieved " to have her back in Puerto Rico Girl , 7 , will be buried in Penuelas on Tuesday , he says Child disappeared December 2 and was found dead three days later 20-year-old maintenance worker is accused of killing her
CNN  -- The tragedy of the train derailment in Lac-Megantic , Quebec , has brought home just how small our world has become . Oil that was drilled in North Dakota 's Bakken oil fields is loaded onto rail cars and passes through a small Canadian community and shatters their world in an instant . All my thoughts and best wishes go out to the families and emergency responders in the midst of this human and environmental catastrophe . Everyone is touched by this man-made disaster -- 20 killed , 30 missing -- because so many communities have a rail line running right through the middle of town . Here in North Dakota , like all over the U.S. and Canada , towns grew up around the railroad lines . They brought people in to help settle the state and shipped the farm and manufacturing products to other parts of the world . But the increase in the amount of volatile crude oil being transported by rail from North Dakota 's Bakken fields has brought a new and troubling set of problems to the debate about our continued dependency on fossil fuels , and particularly oil , as an energy source . Railroad engineers did not have transporting oil in mind when they laid out the routes . They did not avoid population centers , rivers , or environmentally sensitive areas . They were only concerned with getting from Point A to Point B in the most efficient manner possible . In fact , trains carrying oil tanker cars run just two blocks from my office , right through the heart of Bismarck , North Dakota . Rail is the most efficient way to move freight , and Sierra Club is a big fan of rail for transporting people and conventional freight . But moving extreme fossil fuels , like Bakken shale or Alberta tar sands , is a different story entirely . These fuels are "  extreme " because they are more toxic and more carbon intensive than conventional oil . They are also more dangerous to transport than conventional sources of oil . Production in the Bakken fields has increased nearly 10 times since 2011 . To move all this crude , oil rail companies are running longer , heavier trains . And they are running them farther than ever before , bringing crude to refineries on the East , West and Gulf coasts . The regulatory framework for train safety was n't designed for crude oil trains , and the rail and safety infrastructure is out of date and not up to the task . A state transportation safety spokesman in Maine this week said that the Lac-Magantic disaster is "  on the same parallel as a tractor-trailer accident . It 's private commerce and we do n't get involved . " This catastrophe proves beyond any shadow of a doubt that the transportation of Bakken shale requires much more vigilant oversight . It 's too early to draw conclusions from the ongoing catastrophe in Lac-Megantic , but there 's one simple lesson that we should not ignore . Bakken shale , tar sands , and other extreme fossil fuels threaten our towns and our communities . We ca n't afford the additional cost , in safety or pollution that these fuels bring . And with growing efficiency and with renewable sources of energy , we do n't need them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wayde Schafer .	Wayde Schafer : Many communities have rail lines running right through them Schafer : North Dakota crude oil loaded onto trains causes a tragedy in Canada N.D. oil production rose by 10 times since 2011 , more and and heavier trains needed It 's too dangerous , he says . Trains go through towns and were n't designed for oil
Washington  CNN  -- The top Senate Republican on Tuesday laid out a hard-line negotiating stance on upcoming budget battles , rejecting any tax increases and demanding "  significant " reforms in exchange for his vote to raise the debt ceiling . "  We 're going to require as a condition for raising the debt ceiling something really important about the debt , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , told reporters . Without providing specifics , McConnell said it would take "  something the markets would view as significant , something the American people would view as significant , something foreign countries would view as significant " in order for him to vote to increase how much the United States can borrow . Congress must reach an agreement on the debt ceiling before the United States reaches its legal borrowing limit of $ 14.29 trillion . McConnell said the Treasury Department has indicated the nation would reach its debt ceiling "  sometime between Memorial Day and the Fourth of July . " He called for "  something real , something measurable " that will begin to reduce the national debt . McConnell also made clear that he opposes generating more revenue through higher taxes to tackle the deficit and debt problems . "  From my point of view , taxes are not on the table because we do n't have a revenue problem , we have a spending problem , " McConnell said . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , suggested mandatory caps on government spending and a balanced budget amendment as possible reforms to accompany a measure raising the debt ceiling . "  We 're only talking about doing this if we can be assured there are guarantees in place that spending does n't get out of control again , " Cantor said of allowing more borrowing by the federal government . A few minutes after McConnell spoke , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , noted that Republicans and Democrats have widely differing views on how best to strengthen the nation 's fiscal situation . Reid accused Republicans -- including House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , who has released a 2012 budget proposal -- of seeking to protect the wealthy and their special interests . "  The only thing Republicans fought to protect were the richest of the rich , " Reid said of last week 's budget negotiations on a spending plan for the rest of the current fiscal year . "  It is clear once again that the two parties ' priorities are significantly different , " Reid said of Ryan 's proposal , adding it would provide no help for the middle class . Obama , who is presenting his long-term debt reduction plan on Wednesday , should address inequities in the tax code that benefit moneyed interests , Reid said , calling for a halt to subsidies for oil companies and deductions for companies that transfer jobs overseas . Reid also said additional revenue must be part of any long-range fiscal solution . He did n't give specifics , but Democrats generally favor increasing the tax rate for families earning more than $ 250,000 a year to the levels of the 1990s , before tax cuts implemented by the Bush administration . In addition , Reid rejected the contention that reforming Social Security must be part of deficit reduction strategy , saying : "  That has nothing to do with the deficit . Zero . Social Security has not contributed one penny to the deficit . " As Washington battles over spending cuts , the Treasury Department reported Tuesday that the deficit for the first six months of the 2011 fiscal year has reached $ 829.4 billion . According to the latest monthly figures from Treasury , in March the federal government took in $ 150.9 billion , but outlays were $ 339 billion , for a monthly deficit of $ 188.2 billion . That 's slightly better than the $ 222.5 billion deficit in February , probably because the looming tax filing deadline increased receipts . Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who is part of the Democratic caucus , said the deficit issue requires a comprehensive approach in which "  everyone is going to have to take some loss . " "  We ca n't keep spending a trillion and a half more every year than we 're bringing in , even though it 's hard now to say we have to cut these programs , " Lieberman said . "  If we do n't begin to do that , and at some point think about raising taxes , the whole American economy will come close to collapse . " CNN 's Scott Spoerry , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	NEW : Rep. Cantor suggests mandatory spending caps and a balanced budget amendment Sen. McConnell rejects any tax hikes and demands "  significant " reforms Sen. Reid says Republicans only want to protect the very wealthy President Obama will lay out his long-term deficit reduction plan Wednesday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The case of South African athlete Caster Semenya has sparked worldwide interest following reports that she will be tested by sporting officials to determine whether she is male or female . Semenya celebrates her gold , which came just hours after the IAAF called for a gender test on the athlete . The 18-year-old won gold in the 800 meters race Wednesday but she may be forced to return the medal if she fails a gender-verification test imposed by the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  . According to media reports , the IAAF are testing to see whether Semenya has a rare genetic disorder that means she has female genitalia but male chromosomes . This condition , known as intersex , is commonly referred to as hermaphroditism .  Some support groups say that the term "  hermaphroditism " can be inaccurate and offensive , as it implies that someone is both fully male and fully female , which is a physiologic impossibility . According to the Intersex Society of North America ,  ISNA  intersex is a "  general term used for a variety of conditions in which a person is born with a reproductive or sexual anatomy that does n't seem to fit the typical definitions of female or male . " "  For example , a person might be born appearing to be female on the outside , but having mostly male-typical anatomy on the inside , " a statement on the society 's Web site says . There are around 20 to 30 types of biological "  intersex " conditions , each of them affecting the body in different ways . Some people are born with both male and female reproductive organs , while others like intersex activist Hida Viloria are born biologically female yet possess masculine-looking genitalia . Others have a form known as Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome  AIS  where the person is totally insensitive to any male hormones known as androgens . Dr. Peter Bowen-Simpkins of the UK 's Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists told CNN : "  Intersexuality is incredibly rare , the one I 've seen most commonly and one which affects 1 in 13,000 people worldwide is AIS . " "  In a woman your androgen receptors leads you to grow pubic hair , for instance , " he explained . "  If you are insensitive to androgens , you will grow up looking like a girl because the default of all human beings is female . "  However if the body , when it 's developing , is not guided into turning into a male , then it will always be female , " he told CNN . He added : "  This South African athlete could n't have AIS because her problem is that it is suggested that she looks rather male , she 's got a big jaw and has very little breast development , but so many athletes are like that , " he added . "  But if she had AIS she would be all female and would n't have the advantage of the testosterone androgen , which make men 's bones grow and makes them faster than a woman . " To test Semenya 's gender , Dr. Bowen-Simpkins said the IAAF test would involve her being examined by a gynecologist to see what her genitals look like . Semenya would also have an ultrasound to see if she has all the normal female reproductive organs . Doctors would also need an hormonal test to see if she had an excess of testosterone and they would also test her chromosomes . People who are intersex could also have the condition and not be aware of it , as was the case of Indian athlete Santhi Soundarajan , who failed a gender test at the 2006 Asian games and was stripped of her medal . She later attempted suicide , survived and recently announced she was becoming a coach . Intersex conditions occur in one out of every 2,000 births in the United States , according to the Rohnert Park , California-based Intersex Society of North America . For more than half a century it was common for doctors to carry out reversal operations , either through castration or constructing a new vagina , on babies whose genitals were seen as either too big or too small . Many of these people later spoke out and said that these surgeries caused them trauma and confusion in adult life . Most groups campaigning for intersex people now advocate that doctors should not perform medically unnecessary genital surgeries on intersex babies to make them male or female . CNN 's George Webster contributed to this report	South African athlete Caster Semenya will be gender tested after her gold medal win The test will determine if she has a very rare condition known as intersexuality There are various forms of the condition , which is very complex Most intersexuals go through life defining themselves as a specific gender
CNN  -- A Nebraska couple missing along with their children since last month surrendered to police and were taken into custody Monday , authorities said in a statement . The Schade family of Creighton , Nebraska , had last been seen on March 20 in Knox County . Matthew and Rowena Schade , along with their children , met with Knox County Sheriff Jim Janecek Monday about 10:50 a.m. according to the written statement from Janecek 's office . "  The family turned themselves over to law enforcement officers from the Knox County Sheriff 's Office and the Nebraska State Patrol , " the statement said . "  Matthew Schade was arrested on an Antelope County warrant for violation of probation and Rowena is being held on a detainer from the Nebraska Department of Probation . " A determination on the placement of the children , a daughter , 11 , and a son , 8 , will be made after interviews with child welfare workers from the state Department of Health and Human Services , the sheriff 's statement said . Both Matthew and Rowena Schade were on probation -- he in Antelope County , and she in Pierce County , officials in both counties told CNN . Antelope County Attorney Michael Long told CNN Matthew Schade was wanted for violation of probation and failure to report a change of address . The Schade family was last seen on March 20 in Knox County . Janecek said they disappeared after an officer went to their home on a domestic abuse complaint . Knox County is near the Nebraska-South Dakota border . Authorities in both states on Friday suspended a search for the family after a relative told authorities he had spoken with them and they were unharmed . Authorities thought they might be in Nebraska , after a brush truck they believed the couple stole from a South Dakota volunteer fire department was found abandoned in Antelope County on Friday . A brush truck is a type of small fire truck . Schade 's father , Chet Schade , contacted the Knox sheriff 's office on Thursday afternoon . He confirmed he had spoken with all four family members and said they were alive and well . Searchers had been searching for the family in South Dakota 's Black Hills until it was determined the couple possibly made their way back to Nebraska . Investigators thought the Schades might have gone camping on U.S. Forest Service property in the Black Hills . Schade had visited the area in the past , and law officers found the family 's Ford Taurus on Tuesday in Silver City , South Dakota .	Matthew and Rowena Schade , children , met with Knox County Sheriff Monday Both parents were on probation in different counties Placement of kids , 11 and 8 , will be made after child welfare interviews Search began after family disappeared after domestic abuse complaint
CNN  -- Even though he sailed to the White House on the wings of his soaring rhetoric , President Barack Obama could find that he is on mission impossible as he launches his media blitz on Syria this week -- six television interviews on Monday and a dramatic prime time address on Tuesday . Perhaps he will persuade a skeptical public , but it is surely the toughest speaking assignment of his presidency . Surprisingly , he is now tripling down on his Syrian bet . First he drew the red line , uncertain whether President Bashar al-Assad would call his bluff . Then he doubled down by insisting on a vote from an unreliable Congress . Now he is placing almost all his chips on the table by betting on his capacity to turn around public opinion . If he wins over the public , he will likely win Congress , too , but if he fails , he will have turned a problem in Syria into a crisis in his presidency .  Someday , in their memoirs , will White House insiders please tell us what they were thinking ? There are at least two major hurdles in his path as he seeks to persuade the public . First , he will be trying to change opinion that has already started to harden against him . Second , the bully pulpit may not be as powerful as often imagined . The intensity factor It 's hard to remember a public terrain as rough as this one for a president in the past few decades . Weary of war and wary of another , Americans are in no mood to rally behind this call to arms -- many do n't see it as our fight , they worry that it will drag us in deeper and even some of his most ardent supporters think the president and his team do n't have a firm grip on the wheel . A Gallup poll late this past week found that a majority of the public  51 % to 36 %  is opposed to a Syrian strike . That is the lowest level of support Gallup has found for any intervention in two decades . Moreover , the "  intensity factor " runs much more strongly among opponents -- just look at the avalanche of their calls and e-mails to Capitol Hill . The president has been arguing his case for nearly three weeks , and so far , he does n't have many converts on the Hill . That 's among Democrats as well as Republicans . CNN 's whip count suggests that he could win a tight vote in the Senate  his speech may work best there  , but a strike resolution is in serious trouble in the House . The Washington Post count shows that as many as a third of House Democrats may vote no . Even overseas , among nations much closer to Syria , the president 's rhetorical offensive has fallen short . No president in modern times has had such a tiny coalition behind him . Eighteen nations contributed to the intervention in Libya . President George W. Bush had 48 nations in the coalition that attacked Saddam Hussein . This time around , Obama will have only a handful supporting his intervention and most will be cheering from the sidelines . A shaky pulpit This controversy is also coming at an inopportune moment for the president . Early on at the White House , he could command massive , almost adoring audiences at every major address . But with the exception of his speech announcing the killing of Osama bin Laden , the numbers tuning in have dropped , viewers tend to be more partisan and television commentators have toughened up on him . Notably , his two Syrian interviews on television so far have drawn only modest audiences . It has been little noticed but is important now that Obama has also had more success selling himself than his policies . Obama 's speeches -- despite their rhetorical strength and skilled delivery -- have had little success in moving his agenda forward . Americans still like him , but they tend to make up their own minds about his policies . Witness his inability , even now , to build a public majority in favor of Obamacare . The White House would argue that a majority have supported his stands on gun control and gay rights , but is that because of his speeches or because of demographic shifts and events such as the Newtown elementary school massacre ? Indeed , there is now a debate among political scientists whether the bully pulpit is all that it is cracked up to be , especially in contemporary politics . Professor George Edwards of Texas A&M University and a dean among political scientists concluded in his 2006 book , "  On Deaf Ears : The Limits of the Bully Pulpit , " that we have a highly inflated view of how much presidents have been able to change public minds through their speeches . He presents numerous cases to support his argument and one that is especially relevant today : President Franklin D. Roosevelt had a legendary ability to connect with Americans through his fireside chats , but when it came to convincing a skeptical public about his Supreme Court-packing bill in his second term , the fire fizzled out . Edwards ' data also suggests that presidents only succeed in mobilizing the public when opinion is already in their favor . This is clearly not the case with Syria . To our memory , the last Oval Office address that dramatically moved the public opinion needle over military conflict came in late 1983 when President Ronald Reagan spoke to the country about a bloody attack on marine barracks in Lebanon and U.S. intervention in the tiny island of Grenada . Public support for military action jumped 10 points in immediate polling . But in that case , Reagan was telling a story about what had already happened to a public whose majority already favored intervention . He was not asking them to rally round a new , uncertain venture , and he was also still in his first term when audiences were big . This is not to argue that all is lost for Obama on Tuesday night . Big speeches can reframe issues . They can unite us behind a higher purpose . They can push us to question our firmly held beliefs . Obama does have unusually persuasive powers . Perhaps he can come up with fresh arguments that will bring undecideds in his direction . Perhaps he will have horrific new evidence of how brutal al-Assad is . Perhaps ... perhaps , but if he has new arrows in his quiver , he likely would have shot them by now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergan and Dan Katz	Gergen , Katz : Rarely has a president faced as tough a public mood as does Obama They say he has ability to get people to like him but may not be persuasive on Syria Authors : Public mood seems strongly against intervention Researchers say the impact of the White House "  bully pulpit " has been exaggerated
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Military hardware that can be used in nuclear devices and ground fighting can be easily purchased In the United States and shipped overseas , a government investigation revealed Thursday . This inclinometer , which can be used in homemade bombs , was easily bought and shipped overseas . The Government Accountability Office  GAO  watchdog agency set up fake companies to obtain military and dual use items -- which have both military and commercial use -- in the United States and ship them overseas , according to a report made public at a House subcommittee hearing . The domestic purchases allow buyers to avoid U.S. restrictions on sales to foreign entities , it noted . Items purchased in the bogus transactions included parts for making nuclear devices and guiding missiles that could carry nuclear warheads , as well as night-vision devices , body armor and other hardware for ground combat , said the report provided to the House Energy and Commerce subcommittee . "  There appears to be a gigantic loophole within our laws that makes it easy for our enemies to get hold of our superior military technology and use it against us , " said Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan . Gregory Kutz , a GAO managing director who led the 13-month investigation , said it found "  sensitive dual-use and military technology can be easily and legally purchased from manufacturers and distributors within the United States and illegally exported without detection . " He stressed that no laws were broken by any of the companies that sold items to the undercover GAO operation , and that the magnitude of trying to check all overseas travelers and shipments made it impossible to halt illegal export of the items under current law . Committee members said the lack of regulation or export controls made the situation particularly troubling . "  The scandal here may be what is legal , not what is illegal , " said Rep. Greg Walden , R-Oregon . However , he warned against excessive regulations that could stifle necessary commerce in items used by law enforcement , medical and other industries . Kutz held up some of the items purchased by undercover investigators , including a small device that looked like a spark plug called a triggered spark gap . The item has medical applications and can also be used to detonate a nuclear weapon , he said . Kutz also displayed a small device called a gyro chip that can be used to steer guided missiles . Other items on display in the committee room included some used in improvised explosive devices  IEDs  that target U.S. soldiers in Iraq , as well as sophisticated body armor and night-vision devices . Undercover investigators complied with all required checks in purchasing the equipment , Kutz said , including the submission of end-user agreements that forbid exporting the equipment or using it in any nuclear , biological and missile weapons . Such documents amount to an "  honor system " pledge , rather than any enforcement mechanism , he said . The only further checks involved are confirming the validity of credit cards and the existence of Web sites , Kutz said . Most of the transactions took place by e-mail and telephone calls . "  The kind of front company we used and the kind of scheme we used is the kind being used by terrorist organizations today , " Kutz said . "  This was not a hypothetical situation ; this is being done . " The investigation shipped some of the dual-use items to "  a country that is a known trans-shipment point for terrorist governments and foreign governments attempting to acquire sensitive technology , " Kutz said . He declined to name the country , but said it was in southeast Asia and that the shipments were simple packages labeled documents and sent by regular mail . "  As GAO proves , a cardboard box and the U.S. Postal Service is all it takes to move dual-use items out of the country , " said Rep. Edward Markey , D-Massachusetts . One of those duped by the investigation -- Nicholas Fitton , a technology dealer in Georgia -- told the committee he complied with all required checks in selling an F-16 engine computer to what he thought was a legitimate U.S. buyer . Asked by Stupak why anyone other than the military would need such a device , Fitton said his customers often are museums , collectors and film companies seeking authentic items . Fitton said existing regulations were counter-productive , with seemingly harmless items associated with military gear more tightly controlled than the dual-use items of the investigation . At the same time , he said , making the system too restrictive would harm the competitive ability of U.S. manufacturers . Export laws in the United States have remained virtually unchanged since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Anne-Marie Lasowski of the GAO told the committee . She called for a "  holistic " approach involving all agencies charged with security and commerce for an issue involving billions of dollars in exports .	Watchdog agency GAO buys military hardware , ships it overseas with ease Lawmaker : "  Gigantic loophole " allows enemies to get U.S. technology Hardware that can be used in nuclear devices and ground fighting purchased "  The scandal here may be what is legal , not what is illegal , " representative says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- "  American Idol " producers are pursuing country star Shania Twain as a possible judge for the TV competition , according to a source with knowledge of the negotiations . The talks with Twain began after she got favorable reviews for her appearance as a mentor on "  American Idol " in April , the source said . "  Shania loves the show , " the source said . "  Like everyone else , she 's dying to see who the next ` American Idol ' judge will be . " Twain 's role as a judge would need to be defined in a way that would make sense creatively for an artist of her stature , the source said . The source is not named because he is not authorized to comment on the situation . Simon Cowell and Ellen DeGeneres have left the show , prompting a search for two new celeb judges . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report	Shania Twain appeared as a mentor on the show in April Source : Talks with country star Twain began after she got good reviews Departures of Simon Cowell , Ellen DeGeneres started the search
CNN  The first state visit to the United States of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah was supposed to take place in early March . But the visit was delayed because Republican leaders had invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address Congress during the same time period . According to two Afghan government officials involved in the planning for the visit , the Afghan government believed American media attention would be largely focused on Netanyahu , so the first U.S. visit of the new Afghan president was delayed by two weeks , which is a useful reminder that there is a sound reason why congressional leaders should n't unilaterally extend invitations to foreign leaders . Ghani and Abdullah arrived in Washington on Sunday and have had much to discuss with the Obama administration . For the Afghan government , the timetable of President Barack Obama 's proposed troop withdrawal is the key issue . Obama says that the last American troops will leave Afghanistan at the end of 2016 . This happens to roughly coincide with the end of his second term in office and also fulfills his campaign promise to wind down America 's post-9 / 11 wars . Ghani is clearly uncomfortable with the pace of this U.S. troop withdrawal , telling CBS ' "  60 Minutes " in January , "  deadlines should not be dogmas " and that there should be a "  willingness to reexamine " the withdrawal date . Is Obama 's withdrawal plan a wise policy ? Short answer : Of course not . One only has to look at the debacle that has unfolded in Iraq after the withdrawal of U.S. troops at the end of 2011 to have a sneak preview of what could take place in an Afghanistan without some kind of residual American presence . Without American forces in the country , there is a strong possibility Afghanistan could host a reinvigorated Taliban allied to a reinvigorated al Qaeda , not to mention ISIS , which is gaining a foothold in the region . Needless to say , this would be a disaster for Afghanistan . But it would also be quite damaging to U.S. interests to have some kind of resurgent al Qaeda in the country where the group trained the hijackers for the 9/11 attacks . It would also be disastrous for the Democratic Party , should it win the presidency in 2016 , to be the party that "  lost " Afghanistan . After all , the Democratic Party is viewed by some as weaker on national security than the Republicans and it is inevitable that without some kind of residual American presence in Afghanistan , al Qaeda would gain sufficient strength to launch an attack from the Afghan-Pakistan border region against American interests somewhere in the world . On Tuesday , President Obama announced that the withdrawal of U.S. forces from Afghanistan would be slowed and the remaining 9,800 troops would stay there through the end of 2015 . But this welcome development does not change the central issue , which is the Obama administration 's withdrawal date of December 2016 for all U.S. forces . Merely because the Obama administration will be almost out the door at the end of 2016 does n't mean that suddenly at the same time that the Taliban will lay down their arms , nor that the Afghan army will be able to fight the Taliban completely unaided . Nor does it mean that al Qaeda -- and ISIS , which is beginning to establish small cells in Afghanistan -- would cease to be a threat . An easy way for potential Democratic presidential candidates such as Hillary Clinton to distinguish their national security policies from Obama 's would be to say that they are in favor of some kind of long-term U.S. military presence in Afghanistan and to argue that it would be needed to avoid an Iraq-style outcome . Similarly , as the Republican Party starts ramping up for the 2016 campaign , potential candidates such as Jeb Bush can distinguish themselves from the isolationist Rand Paul wing of the party by saying that they are committed to a long-term presence in Afghanistan . This U.S. military presence in Afghanistan does n't have to be a large , nor does it need to play a combat role , but U.S. troops should remain in Afghanistan to advise the Afghan army and provide intelligence support . Such a long-term commitment of several thousand American troops is exactly the kind of force that the Obama administration was forced to deploy to Iraq following ISIS 's lightning advances there over the past year . Selling a longer-term U.S. military presence in Afghanistan would be pushing against an open door with that nation 's government . Consider that within 24 hours of being installed , the new Afghan government led by Ghani and Abdullah signed the basing agreement that allows American troops to stay in Afghanistan until December 2016 . Consider also that the Afghan government has already negotiated a strategic partnership agreement with the United States lasting until 2024 that would provide the framework for a longer term U.S. military presence . Consider also that many Afghans see a relatively small , but long-term international troop presence as a guarantor of their stability . It is also not in Pakistan 's interests for Afghanistan to fall to the Taliban or be thrust into another civil war . The Pakistanis have seen for themselves repeatedly the folly of allowing the Taliban to flourish on their own soil , most recently in the Taliban attack in December on the army school in Peshawar that killed 132 children . It is in Pakistan 's own interest that the Afghan army is able to fight effectively against the Taliban , which is more likely if they continue to have American advisers at their side . Other regional powers such as the Chinese worry about Chinese Uighur separatists establishing themselves on Afghan soil . The Russians are similarly worried about Islamist terrorist groups located in Afghanistan and so will not stand in the way of a small long-term U.S. military presence in Afghanistan as that would dovetail with their own security concerns about the country . Keeping a relatively small , predominantly U.S. Special Forces , presence in Afghanistan to continue to train the Afghan army past December 2016 is a wise policy that would benefit both Afghans and Americans . Both the Democratic and Republican parties should adopt such a plan in their platforms as they gear up for the 2016 campaign . And Obama should do his successor a favor by leaving this important decision up to the next President .	President Obama is planning withdrawal of all U.S. troops from Afghanistan by end of 2016 Peter Bergen : The move would invite the kind of chaos we 've seen in Iraq
CNN  -- Days before a key meeting with Western leaders , Iran test-fired two types of long-range missiles Monday in part of what the Islamic republic called routine military exercises , its state-run media reported . A short-range missile is test-launched during war games in Qom , Iran , south of Tehran , on Sunday . The tests drew condemnation from France , which noted through its Foreign Ministry that the action comes only a week after Iran revealed the existence of a covert uranium enrichment site . "  These tests can only reinforce the worries of countries in the surrounding region and the international community , especially as Iran is , in parallel , developing a nuclear program , with the existence of a clandestine uranium enrichment site having just been revealed , " the ministry said . "  We ask Iran to choose cooperation and not confrontation , immediately putting an end to its profoundly destabilizing activities and responding without delay to the demands of the international community in order to find a solution in this affair . " Iran 's nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili is scheduled Thursday to meet with representatives of the five permanent United Nations Security Council members , plus Germany . European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana will also attend the talks Thursday in Geneva , Switzerland . In the United States , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs called the missile test provocative and said the Western powers taking part in Thursday 's meeting want Iran to provide the International Atomic Energy Agency with "  immediate unfettered access " to the newly discovered uranium enrichment site and people working there , as well as documents related to its planning . Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps began a series of missile exercises Saturday to promote the armed forces ' defense capabilities , Fars News Agency reported . Watch the missile tests " After a series of short-range missile tests , Iran concluded Monday with the testing of the long range Shahab-3 and the two-stage Sajil missiles , according to reports from state-run media . Both hit their targets , and Iran 's air force commander hailed the exercise as a show that Iran is "  fully prepared and determined to stand against all threats . " "  We will give a fully decisive , crushing and destructive response to anyone who poses a threat to the existence , independence and freedom of the ruling system and our values , " Brig. Gen. Hossein Salami said , according to Fars News Agency . Watch an analyst 's view of missile tests , nuclear tensions " The Shahab-3 missile can strike targets between 800 and 1,250 miles  1,300 and 2,000 kilometers  , according to the reports . The Sajil-2 missile is a solid-fuel rocket with a similar range and has been launched twice before , in November 2008 and May 2009 . If Iran 's claims are true , the missile brings Moscow , Russia ; Athens , Greece ; and southern Italy within striking distance . See where the missiles could strike " Last Monday , Iran wrote a letter to the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency , the International Atomic Energy Agency , revealing the existence of a second uranium enrichment facility . The IAEA acknowledged the admission Friday , prompting President Obama and the leaders of Britain and France to publicly chide the Islamic republic and threaten further sanctions . The United States and France had been aware of the unfinished nuclear site for several years , according to senior U.S. officials who declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the negotiations . Watch how the tests draw a comparison to a 1960s U.S. crisis " The facility is on a military base near the city of Qom , about 100 miles  160 kilometers  southwest of Tehran , and is thought to be capable of housing 3,000 centrifuges , according to the officials and the IAEA . That is not enough to produce nuclear fuel to power a reactor , but sufficient to manufacture bomb-making material , according to a U.S. diplomatic source who read the letter . Iran told the IAEA there is no nuclear material at the site , an agency spokesman said . Iran 's revelation of the site could actually "  strengthen their hand " as Tehran heads into Thursday 's Geneva talks , according to Paul Ingram , an analyst who studies Iran and nuclear nonproliferation . He said the timing of Iran 's revelation -- in between the U.N. General Assembly sessions and the Thursday meeting -- is deliberate on Iran 's part . "  This will make it more difficult to persuade them to abandon enrichment , " said Ingram , the executive director of the British American Security Information Council in London . Watch bloggers debate what should be done about Iran 's nuclear ambitions " Iran says its nuclear enrichment program is intended for peaceful purposes , but the international community accuses it of continuing to try to develop nuclear weapons . Iran conducts research for its nuclear program in sites around the country . Until the new letter , it had acknowledged only a uranium enrichment plant in Natanz , which nuclear inspectors visited recently . Iran also has an unfinished nuclear research reactor in Arak , and U.N. nuclear inspectors were allowed access to that facility earlier this month . Other important nuclear sites in Iran include its Bushehr nuclear power plant and the Isfahan uranium conversion plant .	NEW : White House calls tests provocative , seeks IAEA access to enrichment site Military exercises come days before key meeting with Western leaders Tests also come days after Iran admits it has second uranium enrichment plant Greece , Russia , Italy among nations in range of Iranian missiles tested
CNN  -- Doctors in Spain say they have carried out the world 's first full face transplant on a man who severely damaged his face in an accident . Doctors at Barcelona 's Vall d'Hebron University Hospital say they were able to give the man a new nose , lips , teeth and cheekbones during 24 hours of surgery . Thirty doctors were part of the surgery that occurred in late March . The patient had undergone nine failed operations before being considered for the transplant . The medical team 's leader , Joan Pere Barret , told reporters that the patient was satisfied when he saw his new appearance . He has scars on his forehead and neck , but they will be concealed in the future , Barret said . " ` The patient asked to see himself one week after the surgery , and he reacted very calmly and with satisfaction , and when we asked him -- in writing , because we communicate with writing and gestures -- he said he was very grateful and satisfied , " Barret said . Although this is the first total face transplant , there have been partial face transplants in France , the United States , China and Spain . The first was when doctors operated on Isabelle Dinoire in Amiens , France , in 2005 . She had been mauled by her dog . In 2008 , the United States had its first-ever near-total face transplant . Connie Culp , injured by a bullet in 2004 , received the nose , upper lip and cheekbones of a donor in a 22-hour operation at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio . CNN 's Al Goodman and Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	Doctors at Barcelona hospital gave man new nose , lips , teeth , cheekbones The man severely damaged his face in an accident Medical team 's leader said patient was satisfied when he saw new appearance There have been partial face transplants in France , the U.S. , China and Spain
CNN  -- Imagine gazing out over New York City , both exposed and protected . It 's the sensation -- and bragging rights -- you get from showering on the patio of your terrace suite at the Bowery Hotel . "  We wanted to be able to offer our guests an extraordinary experience , " explains Kirk Wilson , general manager of the Lower East Side hotel . It 's a rare example of an urban outdoor shower , which makes it all the more enticing . For Alain de Botton , author of "  The Architecture of Happiness , " there is an almost primitive appeal to showering alfresco . "  Any time we take something we normally do indoors and do it out of doors , there is a thrill -- because it literally symbolizes a victory of the latent fears aroused by nature . So eating outside is more fun than in the kitchen , showering , sleeping and , of course , that other kind of sleeping too . " Outdoor showers certainly give you a chance to feel at one with nature , without roughing it . At Hawaii 's Four Seasons Resort Hualalai , outdoor showers take inspiration from their surroundings , incorporating lava rock and tropical plants . And while Arizona 's L'Auberge de Sedona employs an astronomer , stargazing is infinitely more appealing from the vantage point of your own cedar-walled , roofless shower . Read on for more luxurious and liberating outdoor hotel showers across the U.S. Carneros Inn , Napa , California Between the vineyards of Napa and Sonoma counties , your own private cottage waits at Carneros Inn . The rustic-looking bungalows in muted colors  designed to blend in with the landscape  have rocking chairs on the front porches . Each has an indoor shower with multiple jets that open up to an open-air shower in the backyard , with views of the rolling fields . Travel + Leisure : America 's favorite beach towns Hidden Pond , Kennebunkport , Maine The mantra at Hidden Pond is to slow down and relax , from the entry sign that encourages guests to "  breathe deeply " to the names of the private accommodations  Lazy Days , Serenity  . These 36 luxurious cottages -- with Frette linens , screened-in porches , indoor fireplaces and outdoor showers -- are situated among 60 acres of balsam and birch trees , about a mile and a half from Goosefare Bay and the Atlantic . Travel + Leisure : Travel etiquette dos and dont 's Dunton Hot Springs , Dunton , Colorado An abandoned mining town was made over as Dunton Hot Springs , a collection of lovingly restored rough-hewn cabins in the wilderness near natural hot springs . Guests who stay in Echo Cabin can shower while soaking up views of the surrounding tree-covered San Juan Mountains . Travel + Leisure : America 's best cities for barbeque Four Seasons Resort Hualalai , Kailua-Kona , Hawaii When you arrive at the Four Seasons , you get an aloha , a lei and -- if you booked a first-floor room in the two-story bungalows -- an outdoor shower for freshening up . The Big Island is known for volcanoes and tropical jungles , so it 's fitting that the outdoor showers here incorporate lava rock along with orchids and tropical plants . You might even spot a lizard as you wash up . Maritime Hotel , New York City Large porthole windows are the most obvious of the nautical touches featured throughout the Maritime , a 1960s-era building designed by Albert C. Ledner for the National Maritime Union . The 126 cabin-like rooms feature dark teak accents and headboards of blue Japanese fabric . Two terrace suites overlooking the Hudson River feature outdoor showers that practically dare guests to strip down and soap up in the open air of Chelsea . Little Palm Island Resort , Little Torch Key , Florida What could make a five-acre private island in the Florida Keys that 's only accessible by boat or seaplane and was a favorite fishing spot for President Harry S. Truman even more exclusive ? Your own bamboo outdoor shower , where the quiet sounds of the island -- rustling coconut palms and birdcalls -- wash over you with the water . All this and more at the Little Palm Island Resort . Hotel Saint Cecilia , Austin , Texas Named for the patron of music and poetry , Hotel Saint Cecilia brings a dose of rock-and-roll cool to a former Victorian mansion in Austin 's South Congress district . Owner Liz Lambert 's many creative touches include bold art installations and turntables in every room . Suite One gives guests the star treatment with its crystal chandelier , claw-foot bathtub and bamboo-lined outdoor shower . Miraval Resort and Spa , Tucson , Arizona It 's all about mind-body balance at Miraval , one of America 's best all-inclusive resorts . You can challenge your body with activities like horseback riding , trail biking , or an obstacle course , including an option for the "  Quantum Leap "  it involves jumping off a 25-foot platform  . Then you can feed your soul with meditation and yoga classes . Wash off the Sonoran desert dust in your LEED-certified villa 's outdoor shower . Tyron Farm Guest House B&B , Michigan City , Indiana Drive 10 minutes from the south shore of Lake Michigan , and you 'll reach Tyron Farm Guest House , a four-bedroom bed-and-breakfast . The former dairy farm is on 170 acres and heavy on rustic charm : knitted blankets , fresh flowers , hammocks , and a barn full of chickens and goats . When the weather is mild , you can get even closer to nature by scrubbing in the outdoor shower or the farmhouse 's original 19th-century galvanized tin tub . WaterColor Inn and Resort , Santa Rosa Beach , Florida On the Gulf of Mexico , WaterColor Inn has no shortage of opportunities for guests to enjoy the water , from complimentary kayaks to a restaurant overlooking the ocean . But the most memorable may be rinsing off the sugar-white sand from the dunes in the private outdoor cabana showers in the first-floor rooms . See more of the coolest outdoor hotel showers . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Clean up and relax with your hotel suite 's private outdoor shower Private bungalows in Napa feature views of the rolling fields The outdoor showers at one Four Seasons resort in Hawaii incorporate lava rock
CNN  -- Carlo Ancelotti was sacked as Chelsea manager Sunday night after their 1-0 defeat to Everton in the final match of the English Premier League season . Despite the defeat , Chelsea finished second in the standings to Manchester United , but they were beaten in the quarterfinals of the Champions League by arch-rivals United and failed to bring any silverware to Stamford Bridge . Chelsea won the English domestic double in Ancelotti 's triumphant first season in charge , but after a strong start to this campaign a string of disappointing results saw them drift out of the title race . Statistically , it is their worst season since Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich bought the club in 2003 , with Ancelotti paying the price . The club said in a statement on their official website : "  Chelsea Football Club can confirm that Carlo Ancelotti parted company with the club today  Sunday , 22 May  . "  The owner and board would like to thank Carlo for his contribution and achievements since taking over as manager in July 2009 , which included winning the Double for the first time in the club 's history . "  However , this season 's performances have fallen short of expectations and the club feels the time is right to make this change ahead of next season 's preparations . " Ancelotti gave his post-match press conference after the defeat at Goodison Park , but was told by chief executive Ron Gourlay that his services were no longer required before he left the ground . "  Chelsea 's long-term football objectives and ambitions remain unchanged and we will now be concentrating all our efforts on identifying a new manager , " added the club statement . Guus Hiddink , who enjoyed a successful caretaker spell at Chelsea after Luiz Felipe Scolari was sacked , has been linked with a return and is a personal friend of Abramovich . But he is currently in charge of the Turkey national team and reportedly not keen on a return to club management . Other names being mentioned inevitably include Jose Mourinho , who led Chelsea to two titles , and 33-year-old Andre Villas-Boas , who is being dubbed as the new "  Special One " after breaking several of Mourinho 's records at Europa League winners Porto . Former AC Milan manager Ancelotti is the sixth manager of Abramovich 's eight-year reign and came to the Blues with a top-class record having guided the Rossoneri to a pair of Champions League triumphs .	Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti sacked after final match of season Chelsea finished second in EPL standings but failed to win Champions League Statement on Chelsea 's club website confirms Ancelotti 's departure Ancelotti took Chelsea to English domestic double last season
CNN  -- A Tennessee juror 's laudatory Facebook message to a medical examiner during a murder trial could nullify the jury 's conviction of William Darelle Smith , the state 's Supreme Court ruled Wednesday . The high court did not immediately throw out the first-degree murder conviction of Smith , who was sentenced to life in prison in 2010 . But in concluding the trial judge erred upon learning of the juror 's social networking communication with a key prosecution witness , state justices unanimously decided a new trial may be necessary unless the state proves the juror should n't have been disqualified . "  If , for any reason , the trial court is unable to conduct a full and fair hearing with regard to juror  Glenn Scott  Mitchell 's improper extrajudicial communication with Dr. Lewis , then the trial court shall grant Mr. Smith a new trial , " the Supreme Court ruled , referring to the juror by name , as well as Dr. Adele Lewis , the medical examiner who testified . The Davidson County , Tennessee , District Attorney 's Office did not have an immediate reaction Wednesday to the ruling . Smith 's public defender declined to comment . A county grand jury indicted Smith in the death of Zurisaday Villanueva , whose body was found June 4 , 2007 , off a Nashville road along with two .9 millimeter shell casings . The two had been living together , according to court documents . Smith went on trial in March 2010 . After the jury was set , jurors were told by the judge they "  should not talk with any witnesses , defendants or attorneys involved in this case . " Testimony followed , including from Smith 's cousin , who said the defendant told her a pistol "  went off " while he and Villanueva were arguing and again when Smith was trying to move Villanueva 's body . The prosecution also presented evidence indicating Villanueva 's blood was in an automobile driven by Smith and owned by his father . The second-to-last person to testify for the prosecution was Lewis , a Vanderbilt-trained assistant medical examiner . She conducted an autopsy on Villanueva and classified her death as a homicide , saying Villanueva was shot in the chest and the back of the head . The next day , about an hour after the jury began deliberating on Smith 's fate , Lewis e-mailed presiding Judge Seth Norman that she had been contacted via Facebook by a juror who was an acquaintance . "  A-dele !! " the juror wrote , according to the e-mail included in the state Supreme Court ruling . "  I thought you did a great job today on the witness stand . ... I was in the jury ... not sure if you recognized me or not !! You really explained things so great !! " Lewis responded by saying she thought she recognized the juror , then warned of "  a risk of a mistrial if that gets out . " The juror wrote back that he was aware of the risk , saying he had n't mentioned he knew Lewis . The first time the juror-witness communication came up in official court proceedings was after the verdict was delivered , but before sentencing . That 's when public defender Mike Engle asked if the court asked the juror about the exchange , to which the judge replied , "  No , I 'm satisfied with the communication that I have gotten with Dr. Lewis with regard to this matter . " Smith later asked for a new trial , in part because the defense was n't allowed to question the juror . The trial court ruled against him , as did a state appeals court that characterized the Facebook communication as "  mere interactions " and noted it is up to the court to decide if a juror is impartial . The state Supreme Court 's ruling on Wednesday overruled those decisions . Stressing that "  the public 's confidence in the fairness of the system " requires that all jurors be held "  accountable to the highest standards of conduct , " the justices said the trial court should have taken "  steps to assure that the juror has not been exposed to extraneous information or has not been improperly influenced . " In Smith 's trial , this could have been addressed at a hearing at that time or a "  full-scale investigation , " the court said . Neither occurred , leading the state Supreme Court to send the case back to the trial court for a hearing on the Facebook communication and the jurors ' impartiality . Conversations between jurors and people involved in a case have long been forbidden in state law . But the court admits that technology -- including the Internet , which allows jurors to conduct research and more readily communicate -- has complicated matters . "  Even though technology has made it easier for jurors to communicate with third parties and has made these communications more difficult to detect , our pre-Internet precedents provide appropriate  guidelines  , " the ruling states . The state court also said trial courts need to "  give jurors specific , understandable instructions that prohibit extrajudicial communications with third parties and the use of technology to obtain facts that have not been presented as evidence . " "  Trial courts should clearly prohibit jurors ' use of devices such as smartphones and tablet computers to access social media websites or applications to discuss , communicate , or research anything about the trial , " the court said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	William Darelle Smith went on trial in 2010 for first-degree murder A doctor who did the victim 's autopsy testified , then was contacted by a juror The trial judge did n't order a hearing into that interaction ; high court says he erred State Supreme Court orders such a hearing , which could lead to a new trial
CNN  -- McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton has apologized for causing a collision with Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi which ended the Briton 's involvement in Sunday 's Belgian Grand Prix . The 2008 world champion Hamilton overtook the Sauber racer on the 13th lap heading into the corner known as Les Combes , but the 26-year-old failed to see Kobayashi making a counter move . The two cars subsequently made contact with Hamilton spinning into the barriers and out of the race . The crash prompted the Briton to apologize to Kobayashi and his McLaren team via the social-networking site Twitter . "  After watching the replay , I realize it was my fault today -LSB- Sunday -RSB- 100 % . I did n't give Kobayashi enough room though I thought I was past , " tweeted Hamilton . 20 years of Schumacher : Is his legacy on the line ? "  Apologies to Kamui and to my team . The team deserves better from me . Best wishes , Lewis . " Hamilton 's retirement from the Spa race left him fifth in the drivers ' standings , 113 points behind the Red Bull of championship leader Sebastian Vettel . Vettel , who claimed the world title in 2010 , took the checkered flag in Belgium ahead of teammate Mark Webber , with Hamilton 's McLaren colleague Jenson Button recovering from 13th on the grid to take third position . Button , a world champion in 2009 , was pleased with his performance and the condition of his car . "  Our car is the best it 's been all year , and I feel better than I ever have in Formula 1 , " the 31-year-old told McLaren 's official web site . "  We just need to stop the little mistakes from happening so that we can win even more races . " Meanwhile , Polish driver Robert Kubica underwent surgery on Sunday for the final time on arm injuries sustained during a pre-season rally crash . Renault driver Kubica crashed out of the Ronde de Andorra rally in Italy in February , and was subsequently replaced by German driver Nick Heidfeld for the beginning of the 2011 season . Renault released a statement which said the surgery was a "  total success , " after the former Sauber driver awoke from the procedure in good spirits . "  Robert underwent one last scheduled operation in Italy , aimed at recovering the full mobility of his right elbow , " read the statement . "  The surgeons are happy to report that they have been able to complete 100 % of their task and did not encounter any complications . They have described the outcome of the operation as ' a total success . ' "  On waking up , it was immediately clear Robert was in good spirits . Why ? Well , as soon as he opened his eyes , he asked for the results of today 's race ! He will now rest in hospital for a few days before resuming his rehabilitation and training program . "	Lewis Hamilton has said his crash with Kamui Kobayashi on Sunday was his fault The British driver collided with Kobayashi on the 13th lap , and crashed out of the race Renault 's Robert Kubica has undergone surgery on arm and leg injuries for the final time Renault released a statement which said the procedure was a total success
CNN  -- Two additional suspects have surfaced in the fatal shooting of an American man on a lake that straddles the United States and Mexico last September , Zapata County Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez told CNN . David Hartley was allegedly shot on the Mexican side of Falcon Lake . He and his wife , Tiffany , were on personal watercraft on the lake when gunmen opened fire on them , authorities say . The killing remains unsolved . Gonzalez said officials would not release the new suspects ' names . "  We 're just waiting for more information . We understand that they were there , they participated in the shooting . They were given the orders to go kill  Tiffany  also , " the sheriff said . The new information , based on cooperation from informants , came to light last month , but is just now being released publicly . Hartley 's account of what happened has never changed . She and her husband were returning from touring a well known local landmark , the previously submerged town of Old Guerrero on the Mexican side of the border . They were about a mile from the town 's well-known church when three boats approached . The men in the boats had guns and began to fire . David Hartley , his wife said , was shot in the head . In the months since the attack , many doubts have been raised by law enforcement sources suggesting Tiffany Hartley 's version of events does not ring true . Rumors persist that somehow , in some way , the Hartleys themselves were involved . Gonzalez , who says he always believed Tiffany Hartley , said that the new information on the suspects corroborate her story . The suspects are known Mexican drug traffickers and "  do come over to Zapata County  Texas  every once in awhile . We 're waiting to try and grab them when they 're here , " he said . A factor hindering the investigation is that the shooting took place in Mexico . Mexican authorities have not publicly provided any new leads since the investigator on the case was found dead . The new revelations bring the total number of suspects in the case to four , Gonzalez said . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	The killing of David Hartley remains unsolved Two new suspects have been identified in the case The sheriff would not release their names
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A winter storm that paralyzed the South churned up the Eastern Seaboard Tuesday , threatening heavy snowfalls and more misery for the Northeast . The Southern storm left a trail of treacherous conditions from Arkansas to the Atlantic , closing schools and government offices and contributing to the traffic deaths of at least three people . Southern states were crippled -- covered in sheets of ice that formed on roads , pavements , cars and atop the crunchy snow . Meanwhile , with memories still fresh of a monster Christmas weekend storm , Northern states again braced for heavy accumulations of snow and potential blizzard conditions . The National Weather Service predicted 4 to 8 inches of snow in the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , area , 4 inches or more in northern New Jersey and 2 to 6 inches in southern Delaware from Tuesday afternoon into Wednesday morning . It will be all snow as well for the Interstate 95 corridor Tuesday night and Wednesday , with 8 to 12 inches predicted for the New York City area and between 12 to 16 inches in Boston , Massachusetts . The National Weather Service issued a blizzard warning for coastal Massachusetts , including Boston , on Tuesday night . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo activated the state 's emergency management plan in an effort , he said , to ensure resources and equipment are positioned to clear roadways and respond to the approaching storm . Officials declared a "  weather emergency " and advised motorists to stay off the roads . The move restricts parking and allows authorities to remove vehicles that block roadways or impede snow plows . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who faced sharp criticism over the city 's slow emergency response a few weeks ago , said , "  It 's going to be a difficult , difficult rush hour . " The city of Philadelphia declared a snow emergency Tuesday night , while public schools in Boston will be closed Wednesday because of the predicted snowfall . At least 30 states were under some sort of winter storm watch or warning Tuesday , and states of emergencies were declared in Louisiana , Alabama , Georgia and the Carolinas . Florida is currently the only U.S. state with no snow , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Normally bustling Southern cities such as Atlanta , Birmingham , Alabama , and Charlotte , North Carolina , were silenced by winter , with the crunch of snow boots the only sound in some neighborhoods . Conditions are not likely to improve anytime soon as an Arctic low slides into the South , bringing with it plunging temperatures . Lows are predicted in the teens in many parts of the region and in single digits in higher elevations . Roads resembled ice-skating rinks in Atlanta and parts of major interstates were closed . The U.S. Postal Service said it was only able to deliver to roughly half of its north Georgia and Atlanta-area customers Tuesday . UPS did not make pickups or deliveries in portions of the Carolinas , Alabama and Georgia . "  The ice just made it dangerous and hazardous to ask employees to get out there today , " said postal spokesman Michael Miles . Atlanta police were dealing with so many accidents that the department announced it would only respond to those with injuries and provided an online form for drivers to report others . The Georgia Department of Transportation warned that "  no one should be driving north of Macon , " which is in the middle of the state . The worst problem was along Atlanta 's normally jammed southern perimeter , which was blocked by semi-trucks that were stuck in the ice . At midday Tuesday , a 15-mile stretch of I-285 remained closed . Several truckers fell asleep in their stuck rigs , and in some cases , Georgia authorities had to call drivers on citizens band radio to wake them up , said Jill Goldberg , a Transportation Department spokeswoman . At Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , the world 's busiest , most arriving passengers decided to spend the night rather than risk the drive home , and shared space with stranded passengers who had no choice . Airport authorities handed out blankets and amenity kits , but they did little to ease frustrations . Four out of five runways in Atlanta were operational Tuesday morning . Slick roads were a bigger problem , preventing many airline and airport employees from driving in to work . Delta Air Lines canceled 1,700 Delta and Delta Connection flights , which represented roughly 30 percent of the airline 's total flights Tuesday . The company said it had canceled some 800 flights scheduled for Wednesday . AirTran Airways spokesman Christopher White said the airline was resuming operations slowly in Atlanta , but added it would take several days to get back to normal . The company canceled more than 260 flights Tuesday and has already canceled more than 50 Wednesday flights , he said . Most of the canceled flights were into and out of Atlanta , but some were at Northeastern airports , including Boston ; Philadelphia ; Baltimore , Maryland , and others . Michael Bernardo , an AirTran command center manager , said many of the same issues hampering passengers are also affecting airline workers . Another problem is the icy conditions at the gates . While most of the runways are open , ice at the gates makes working conditions treacherous for those servicing the aircraft . Both Delta and AirTran were offering one-time flight changes with no fees for a limited period . In other parts of the South : -- One person died Monday in a weather-related traffic accident in Alabama as parts of the state got 6 to 10 inches of snow , said state Emergency Management spokeswoman Yasamie Richardson . -- Two people died Sunday and Monday in traffic accidents in Louisiana . Police cited icy road conditions as contributing factors . -- North Carolina and South Carolina both experienced freezing rain and sleet . Mountainous areas have already seen up to 18 inches of snowfall . South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford ordered state offices in 24 counties closed due to weather and the South Carolina Highway Patrol responded to 2,610 road-related incidents . -- The Tennessee Department of Transportation reported extremely hazardous conditions in the mountainous east , but ice and snow also were causing problems in other parts of the state . Meanwhile in New York , Bloomberg said his city would do everything possible to tackle the storm . "  We 're going to spend the money , " the mayor said , referring to 1,700 snow plows and 365 salt spreaders that sanitation workers will use to beat back the winter weather . "  Then we 'll figure out where it 's going to come from . " Those same workers are at the center of a citywide investigation into whether their supervisors intentionally delayed cleanup efforts after the Christmas blizzard as a retaliatory measure for budget cuts and demotions . "  The sanitation workers have got to realize that people are going to be watching them , " Bloomberg said at a news conference . Sanitation union representatives have vehemently denied allegations of a deliberate slowdown , pointing to City Hall for the delayed response . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Rob Marciano , Tristan Smith , Moni Basu , Holly Yan , Andy Rose , Nick Valencia and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : A blizzard warning is issued for coastal Massachusetts , including Boston Bad weather may have contributed to three traffic fatalities in the South Heavy snow is forecast throughout the Northeast Airlines cancel a large number of flights heading out of Atlanta
Music icon Stevie Wonder will headline a fundraiser in New Orleans early next month for longtime friend and supporter , Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu . "  We are overjoyed to have the continued support of the legendary Stevie Wonder , whose music resonates with Louisianians across the state , " said Fabien Levy , Communications Director for the Landrieu campaign , in a press release out Tuesday . "  His music has inspired millions , and we are excited to have him help us strongly close out our campaign . " The Times-Picayune reports that the event will take place Dec. 1 , just five days before Landrieu faces a runoff against Republican challenger Rep. Bill Cassidy . The fundraiser marks the campaign 's final push to get last minute support for the three-term incumbent . This is n't the first time Wonder , who is set to receive a Presidential Medal of Freedom , has helped Landrieu this election season . He also recorded a radio ad for her during the primaries .	R&B singer Stevie Wonder will headline a Landrieu fundraiser on Dec. 1 Wonder previously recorded a radio ad for the incumbent Landrieu is in a tight runoff race slated for Dec. 6
CNN  -- Nineteen months after she and 18 others were shot at a political event -- six of them fatally -- former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords returned home Sunday to her native southern Arizona , her husband said . Giffords has spent most of the time since the January 8 , 2011 , attack at medical facilities in Houston recovering from being shot in the head at a "  Congress On Your Corner " event outside a Safeway supermarket in Tucson . She has returned to her hometown several times since that shooting , though not permanently until now . "  Moving back to Tucson today , " her husband Mark Kelly , a retired Navy captain and astronaut , wrote Sunday on his Twitter feed . "  Gabby has been waiting for this day for a long time . " Records from the Pima County Assessor 's Office posted online indicate that Kelly and Giffords bought a 10-room , single family residence in June in central Tucson . The couple paid $ 1.495 million in cash for the property , which sold for half that price in November 2007 , the records show . Then in her third term , Giffords stepped down from her position in Congress in January 2012 to focus on her recovery . Ron Barber , a Giffords aide also wounded in the attack , now holds the seat . On Tuesday , Jared Lee Loughner pleaded guilty to 19 charges related to the incident . That included admitting to killing federal employees U.S. District Court Chief Judge John M. Roll and congressional aide Gabriel M. Zimmerman , as well as Dorothy Morris , Phyllis Schneck , Dorwan Stoddard and 9-year-old Christina Taylor Green . Federal prosecutors said that , under the plea deal , Loughner will be sentenced to life in prison with no eligibility for parole -- meaning he will not get the death penalty , as might have happened with a conviction . His sentencing is set for November 15 , prosecutors said . The 23-year-old , whose legal proceedings had been complicated by questions about his mental health , waived his right to seek an insanity defense as part of his plea agreement . Court documents released a few days after the shooting showed that investigators found a letter from Giffords in a safe at the house where Loughner lived with his parents , thanking him for attending a 2007 event . "  Also recovered in the safe was an envelope with handwriting on the envelope stating ' I planned ahead , ' and ` my assassination ' and the name ` Giffords , ' along with what appears to be Loughner 's signature , " the affidavit stated . Giffords worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers and as CEO of El Campo Tire , her family 's business , before being elected to the Arizona House of Representatives in 2000 . Two years later , she became the youngest woman elected to the Arizona State Senate . In an online video announcing her retirement from Congress earlier this year , Giffords vowed her public service career was not over . "  I will return , and we will work together for Arizona and this great country , " she said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-Rep . Giffords and her husband buy a $ 1.5 million home in Tucson , records show The Arizona native and 18 others were shot in January 2011 , six of them fatally She has been living and rehabbing in Houston after being shot in the head "  Gabby has been waiting for this day for a long time , " her husband says
CNN  -- There 's always another strange crustacean out there somewhere . There are blue lobsters and yellow lobsters . Something on YouTube called a Japanese mitten lobster . Giant cannibal shrimp in the Gulf of Mexico and supergiant albino shrimplike creatures off New Zealand . Then there 's Lola . The six-clawed lobster showed up at the Maine State Aquarium in West Boothbay Harbor last week , a gift from Capt. Peter Brown and lobsterman Richard Figueiredo of the fishing vessel Rachael Leah , which hauled in the hexa-clawed creature off the coast of Massachusetts . Weighing in at four pounds , Lola has a normal claw on her right side , but on the left has five smaller claws , arranged sort of like the five fingers of a human hand . "  This claw deformity is a genetic mutation , " Aimee Hayden-Roderiques , manager of the aquarium , told CNN affiliate WMTW-TV . "  Sometimes they have this throughout their life , sometimes this happens during a regeneration from a damaged or lost claw . " Hayden-Roderiques said Lola will soon be on display with some of those other strange lobsters , the blue ones , the yellow ones and even half-and-half colored ones . "  We 're kind of the place for unusual lobsters , " she told the Bangor Daily News . "  Everyone who comes in wants to see the weird lobsters . " You 've got ta hand it to them , er , ah , Lola . They 've got that market covered .	Lobster has five claws on left side Claws the result of genetic mutation , aquarium director says Lobster will be on display at Maine State Aquarium
CNN  The election of a new anti-austerity government in Greece is raising questions about how the debt-laden state will satisfy its creditors and citizens weary of cost-cutting measures . The leader of the left-wing Syriza party , Alexis Tsipras , was sworn in as Greece 's new Prime Minister on Monday after forming a coalition with the right-wing Independent Greeks party . Tsipras has vowed to end austerity measures and renegotiate the terms of Greece 's European Union bailout . Since 2010 , Greece has received bailouts totaling 240 billion euros . In return , the International Monetary Fund , European Commission and European Central Bank demanded tax hikes , a freeze on state pensions , bans on early retirement and deep cuts in government salaries . Syriza 's pledges to try to get some of Greece 's colossal debt written off and roll back unpopular austerity measures appealed to exasperated members of the electorate -- even if they potentially jeopardize Greece 's place in the eurozone . The party 's victory could lead to a dramatic showdown with the debt-laden nation 's lenders . Syriza 's message is one that has also resonated in other southern European countries under the restrictions of international bailouts . Its victory could boost other populist parties , such as Beppe Grillo 's anti-euro Five Star Movement in Italy and the Podemos Movement in Spain . Declaring victory for Syriza on Sunday after polls showed it winning at least 149 seats in the 300-seat parliament , Tsipras , 40 , appeared to brace for a bigger battle . "  We are regaining our lost dignity . ... Now that we are heard by all of Europe , we will fight with the same passion , the same confidence , " he told cheering supporters . "  So let 's go and let 's all continue this beautiful and tough fight , " he said . "  Greece leaves behind the austerity that ruined it , leaves behind the fear , leaves behind five years of humiliation , and Greece moves forward with optimism and hope and dignity , " he told the crowd . New anti-austerity government worries markets European Central Bank Executive Board member Benoît Cœuré told CNN on Monday that Greece would still have to pay its debt . "  They have to pay ; those are the European rules of the game . There is no room for unilateral action in Europe , that does n't exclude a discussion , for example , on the rescheduling of this debt . But I would like to underline that it 's not the ECB 's money -- it 's the governments ' money ; it 's a discussion between Mr. Tsipras and the European governments . " Chief EU Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas said it respected the "  sovereign choice of the Greek people . " "  We are ready to engage with the new government once it is formed . Greece has made remarkable progress in recent years , and we stand ready to continue to assist Greece in addressing the remaining reform challenges , " he said . The austerity imposed by Greece 's international creditors has cut deep . Unemployment has soared to 28 % , and many people who still have jobs have seen drastic decreases in wages , pensions frozen and the retirement age pushed back . The governing New Democracy party had pointed to recent improvements in economic indicators as signs that things were getting better . After conceding defeat Sunday , outgoing Prime Minister Antonis Samaras said his conscience was clear . "  I got a country on the verge of ruin . I was asked to try and save it , and I did it , " he said . "  Most people did not believe we could stand strong , but we did . " Now , he said , Greece is secure and "  slowly walking away from the crisis . " "  And more than anything , " he said , "  I give back a country that is a member of the European Parliament and the euro . " On Monday , the CEO of one of Greece 's largest banks , Piraeus , said Syriza was coming to power at a "  fortunate time . " "  The tide is changing in Europe , the macro is improving in Greece , the European Central Bank is launching an unprecedented easing , and that will have a significant bearing on the fortunes of Greece going forward , " Anthimos Thomopoulos said . Opinion : Syriza shows the failure of ` cartel politics ' "  Greece has already gone through massive adjustment , much of the hard work has already been completed , the green shoots of recovery are already there , so this is a great opportunity for Greece , a great opportunity for a new government . " In his victory speech Sunday , Tsipras noted that Greece 's election could have an impact far beyond his country 's borders . "  Our victory is , at the same time , it 's a victory for all the people of Europe that are fighting against austerity that 's ruining the common European future , " he said . But it 's unclear how Syriza 's plans to renegotiate the bailout would play out . Is Alexis Tsipras man of the moment ?	Alexis Tsipras has been sworn in as Greece 's new Prime Minister Greece 's anti-austerity party Syriza has claimed victory in the parliamentary elections The European Central Bank has said that Greece will still have to pay its debts
CNN  -- With their nation under high security alert , South Koreans mourned a former leader at a funeral ceremony Friday morning . The hearse carrying Roh Moo-Hyun 's coffin heads for Seoul at Roh 's hometown village of Bonghwa in Gimhae . Officials and dignitaries gathered in Seoul 's Kyungbok Palace to honor former President Roh Moo-Hyun , who committed suicide last week . South Koreans poured into the streets to catch a glimpse of the black Cadillac making a five-and-a-half hour journey from Roh 's home in the village of Bongha to the capital . Some bowed their heads or wept openly . Others , still stunned from the loss , stood quietly in black as the hearse drove by . Scores of Roh 's supporters handed out yellow balloons , the color associated with Roh 's political campaign . Other supporters had posters of Roh 's image that read , "  President in my heart " and "  You are my president . " A person who walked by Roh 's memorial site said , "  Roh understood the difficulties of normal people . We feel he acted like a shield for people with no power . He was the people 's president . " One woman on her way to work in Seoul said : "  He was the first president South Koreans picked with their own hands . " She was referring to the fact that Roh did n't have a big political machine behind him . He won the election in 2002 by razor thin margin and his appeal was that he related to the common person . This week has been marred by grief and tension for South Koreans as they grappled with Roh 's sudden death and renewed threats from North Korea . Following the official ceremony , Roh 's body will be taken to the plaza in front of Seoul 's city hall , where large crowds are expected to say goodbye to a beloved leader . He will be cremated later Friday and the remains carried back by hearse to Bongha . Roh , who served between 2003 and 2008 , jumped from a hill behind his house last Saturday , government officials said . His death came amid an investigation into a bribery scandal that had tarnished his reputation . However , tens of thousands of people have visited memorial shrines for Roh , laying white chrysanthemums in a traditional show of grief and leaving cigarettes on the altars to remember a man who was reported to have taken up smoking during the investigation . In a suicide note given to the media by his lawyer , Roh wrote : "  I am in debt to too many people . Too many people have suffered because of me . And I can not imagine the suffering they will go through in the future . " Prosecutors were investigating the former president for allegedly receiving $ 6 million in bribes from a South Korean businessman while in office . Roh 's wife was scheduled to be questioned by prosecutors Saturday , and Roh was planning to answer a second round of questions next week . Why some South Koreans are angry about Roh 's death " The investigation has now been suspended . The debate over Roh 's suicide has occupied as much column space in South Korea 's press as the recent aggressive behavior shown by the North . On Tuesday , the conservative Chosun Ilbo urged South Koreans to remember the words of the former president 's suicide note . "  Roh 's abrupt death brings home how vain the rise and fall of power is and how futile it is to nurse hatred and conflict in pursuit of them . Roh himself said in his will , ` Are n't life and death both part of nature ? Do n't blame anybody . ' He would not have wished his own death to cause more political confusion and social conflict , " the newspaper wrote in an editorial . It also criticized prosecutors who "  seem to have worried about public consensus rather than focusing on principles . " The left-leaning Hankoryeh called Roh 's death "  political murder , " echoing the widespread feeling that the former president paid too high a price for his alleged crime . "  The case of late President Roh was the most unfortunate in South Korean history , brought about by the Lee Myung-bak administration , which despised the person more than the crime , " the newspaper wrote in an editorial . The mood on South Korea 's influential blogs and message boards was somber and split between messages of comfort , dismay at Roh 's decision to end his life and angry accusations against prosecutors and the government . "  President Roh 's perseverance to provide Korea with a true democracy has come to a sudden end . We saw the grief of his demise in the eyes of millions of Koreans , " read a message posted on the popular Daum Agora Web portal . "  Prosecutors and the police ! Are you the people of the Republic of Korea ? , " asked another . Just before he left the presidency , Roh became the first South Korean leader to cross the demilitarized zone and meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . He believed in the "  sunshine policy " of his predecessor , Kim Dae-Jung , that sought to engage the north , and Roh also promised aid . CNN 's Pauline Chiou and freelance journalist Nicolai Hartvig contributed to this report .	NEW : Motorcade accompanying Roh 's body on way to the capital , Seoul NEW : Grief-stricken S. Koreans pour out onto the streets to pay final respects Roh Moo-Hyun took his own life amid an ongoing corruption investigation Roh was in office between 2003 and 2008
The federal government will close 173 air traffic control towers at small - and medium-size airports on April 7 because of forced spending cuts , the Federal Aviation Administration told tower operators Tuesday . It will close another 16 towers on September 30 , the end of the fiscal year . Spenser Dickerson , head of the Contract Tower Association , told CNN that FAA officials gave him the news , capping off a five-day period in which the FAA first told contractors they would close scores of towers , then backtracked on the news . The FAA said it would consider removing individual towers from the list on a case-by-case basis , if the operators can explain why it is in the national interest to keep them open , Dickerson said . The news Tuesday , if anything , was worse than previously announced . Last Wednesday , the FAA said it would close 168 towers . Some Democrats oppose GOP plan for government funding "  We 're extremely discouraged and disappointed that the FAA is taking this action , " Dickerson said . "  The rest of the FAA 's budget is getting a 5 % haircut ; the contract towers are getting a 75 % cut , because the FAA is cutting 189 of the 251 contract towers . " "  It 's hard for us to see the fairness in the budget cuts . It seems the contract tower program is taking a high , disproportionate cut . We have serious concerns about the safety , efficiency and loss of jobs in almost 150 communities across the country , " he said . The FAA did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The towers are part of the FAA 's contract tower program , in which 251 towers are staffed with contractors instead of FAA employees . Though little-known , contract towers are widely used by the FAA to manage air traffic . Such towers handle approximately 28 % of all control tower operations , although the towers being cut account for a little less than 6 % of commercial airline operations . John Cozart , CEO of Robinson Aviation Inc. , which staffs contract towers in the South and Southwestern U.S. , said the decision was "  not unexpected . " Opinion : Spending cut . Now , GOP , where are the jobs ? "  I did n't think they 'd resolve it in favor of the contract tower program . I kind of expected that they would continue on their course , " he said . Asked for his reaction , he said , "  You 're asking a guy who 's having to lay off a ton of people because of this . " Tower closures would not necessarily result in airport closures , because some aircraft can land without air traffic control help , and those that need controller help can communicate with more distant FAA facilities . But the contract tower closings will contribute to the workload at other FAA facilities , which simultaneously will be coping with controller furloughs . A 2011 report by the Department of Transportation 's Office of Inspector General said contract towers cost on average $ 537,000 a year to operate , compared with $ 2 million for comparably busy FAA-staffed towers . The lower costs were chiefly from lower staffing and salary levels at contract towers , which had an average of six controllers , while FAA towers had 16 . And a typical contract controller near Tampa , Florida , received a base pay of $ 56,000 per year , compared with a base pay ranging from $ 63,000 to $ 85,000 a year for an FAA controller in Sarasota , Florida , the study said . Dickerson said contract towers are carrying the brunt of the cuts , despite having comparable safety records and being more cost efficient . But the forced spending cuts , known as the sequestration , are also affecting FAA staff . Most of the agency 's 47,000 workers , including its 14,700 controllers , have been told to expect one or two furlough days every two-week pay period . And 49 FAA-staffed towers are on the list of those facing possible closure . Longer lines at airports due to budget cuts ?	Spending cuts prompt tower closures at small and medium airports , agency tells operators It says 16 more towers will close on September 30 FAA says keeping any of the towers open would require showing it 's in national interest The move applies only to contract towers , which use contractors , not FAA employees
Kabul  CNN  -- A Taliban-affiliated website published on Sunday what it claimed was a leaked document containing confidential government security plans for a vital meeting of tribal elders in Kabul next week , one that is set to discuss Afghanistan 's long-term relationship with the United States and possible peace talks with the insurgency . The plans included a detailed satellite map of the area and purported details of the security arrangements , but the Afghan Interior Ministry immediately dismissed them as fake . The tribal elder meeting -- or loya jirga -- is considered by many an important step in harnessing Afghan consent to both a long-term U.S. military presence in Afghanistan and any possible peace deal with elements of the insurgency . It is due to begin Wednesday and continue for several days ; hundreds of community leaders have been invited from across the country . Their conclusions will likely influence Afghan President Hamid Karzai . The Taliban have long threatened to disrupt the event . Sunday 's alleged leak was interpreted in Kabul as anything from a desperate insurgency resorting to fraudulent propaganda to a new sign of the Taliban 's enhanced ability to elicit confidential information from government ministries . Regardless , they are a sign of the information war between coalition forces and the insurgency , both of which regularly trade blows and accusations on social media . A translated statement on the website read : "  The vigilant Mujahedeen of Islamic Emirate have acquired the security plans , maps and other documents related to the upcoming supposed loya jirga  National Assembly  by means of its personnel embedded inside the enemy ranks . " The Interior Ministry dismissed the post , saying it only served as part of a failing propaganda campaign aimed at intimidating people from attending the loya jirga . "  This is yet another huge lie by the Taliban , " said Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Seddiqi . "  It is part of a propaganda campaign and it is what we can expect . The Taliban are under pressure -- they have tried to disrupt and have failed to do so . That is why they are resorting to this propaganda . " He rejected the notion of jirga delegates due avoiding the meeting because of the alleged leak . The document said the following could be "  probable threats " posed by the Taliban : -- "  Suicide attacks with new and dangerous tactics in one or several places continuing for several hours " ; -- "  Rocket attacks from Kabul city sub-districts or districts outside " ; -- "  Infiltration of enemy into the lines of security forces . " The statement on the website also said , "  These important secrets which you will see in the below pages have been acquired by Mujahedeen of Islamic Emirate from two ministries and from the special security corps of the government . Our upcoming attacks will become even more lethal and precise with the acquisition of such intelligence material , if God wills it . " The statement went on to promise further details : "  Note -- The original security plans which consist of 28 pages and six pictorial maps have been recomposed and rewritten by us for intelligence and policy purposes . We will release the second , third , 28th sides of the plan and a map to show its validation and will also release the pictorial part of it in the near future , if Allah Wills it . " NATO 's International Security Assistance Force was aware of the message on the website , but could not confirm the accuracy of it , spokesman Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings said . "  The Taliban have said they would go to all extremes to disrupt the loya jirga , " he said .	The Taliban says it has detailed security plans of upcoming meeting with tribal elders The government has dismissed the Taliban 's claims The meeting , known as the loya jirga , is considered significant Afghanistan 's relationship with the U.S. and peace talks are among the topics to be discussed
CNN  -- A man authorities believe has robbed at least 10 banks in at least four states was arrested in Missouri after a retired state trooper saw him and learned he was wanted , authorities said Sunday . Schaffner is seen in a police mug shot after his arrest Saturday in Kingdom City , Missouri . Chad Schaffner , 37 , was arrested in Kingdom City , Missouri , about 2:45 p.m. Saturday , said Missouri State Highway Patrol radio operator Paula Price . Sam Lakey , a retired Missouri State Highway Patrol officer said he alerted authorities to Schaffner 's whereabouts after seeing him at a motel in Kingdom City , about 100 miles west of St. Louis , Missouri . Lakey did n't know who Schaffner was at first , but said he felt something was n't right after seeing Schaffner and his car , partly because Schaffner did n't make eye contact with him . Watch how ex-cop 's hunch brought arrest " Lakey , who was staying at the motel , said he remembered seeing news reports about a man sought in a string of bank robberies , so he looked on the Web site of the television show "  America 's Most Wanted " to check a vehicle description in the case . A license plate number on the site matched that of the car outside the motel , he said . "  I felt my goosebumps raising , " he said . Lakey told CNN that after calling his old colleagues at the Missouri State Highway Patrol , he packed up his family from their room at the motel and watched the arrest from across the street . Schaffner faces charges including bank robbery in Tennessee ; burglary in Indiana ; armed robbery in Illinois ; and receiving stolen property in Ohio , Price said . He also faces drug charges in Missouri , she said . Schaffner is suspected of robbing banks in states including Kentucky , North Carolina , South Carolina and Tennessee , according to the FBI . Schaffner is suspected in 14 robberies of various types in six states , FBI Special Agent Brian Truchon told CNN on Sunday . A spokeswoman for the Callaway County Jail , in Fulton , Missouri , said Schaffner was booked into the facility about 8 p.m. Saturday . No bond has been set , she said . Schaffner will appear in court Monday in Jefferson City , Missouri , according to Bridget Patton , spokeswoman for the FBI 's Kansas City , Missouri , office . Schaffner was identified as a suspect last month after investigators posted surveillance photos from the robberies on electronic billboards throughout the South . In the photos , a man was seen sneering and holding a pistol sideways . The robberies began in May . While no one was harmed , the FBI said they considered the suspect dangerous . "  This guy has made no effort to hide the gun , " said FBI agent Kevin Keithley last month . "  He has threatened the use of it in every bank robbery he has committed . He has put the gun in the faces of the tellers , threatened to use the gun against them . So we want to get this guy in custody before he harms anyone . " A woman in Morristown , Tennessee , also told authorities Schaffner hid in her apartment in August and threatened to kill her children if she revealed his whereabouts , according to documents filed in federal court . When Schaffner was identified , the FBI said he was released from an Indiana prison last year following an armed robbery conviction . He also has several other convictions in Indiana , for crimes including burglary , resisting law enforcement , and purchase of a handgun without a license , according to the Indiana Department of Correction . The last bank robbery Schaffner is suspected of committing occurred in Caseyville , Illinois , on Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate KMOV . Two bank robberies occurred in Morristown and Jefferson City , Tennessee , on August 18 , authorities said . The billboards began showing images from the robberies on August 24 , and the next day , a man told the FBI that Schaffner was in the Morristown area at the time of the August 18 holdups . The man said he 'd known Schaffner for about two months , according to a federal criminal complaint . FBI agents also interviewed a Morristown woman after hearing she 'd had a brief relationship with Schaffner , the complaint says . During the first interview , she spoke to agents outside her apartment and denied knowing him , the complaint said . But the next day she told authorities she knew Schaffner and that he had been in her apartment with her children while she talked to police outside . He had threatened to kill the children if she told agents he was there , the woman said . CNN 's Marylynn Ryan , Chuck Johnston and Justin Lear contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-trooper checked "  America 's Most Wanted " site after becoming suspicious Chad Schaffner apprehended by police Saturday in Kingdom City , Missouri Schaffner named suspect in at least 10 bank robberies in at least four states Identification came after surveillance images posted on billboards in the South
