CNN  -- U.S. sailors from a carrier strike group whose recent presence in the Persian Gulf drew the ire of Iranian military officials have rescued 13 of the Middle Eastern country 's sailors from a hijacked fishing boat , a military spokesman said Friday . The destroyer USS Kidd came to the aid of the ship Thursday in the North Arabian sea , near the crucial Strait of Hormuz , according to the Navy . The rescue prompted the captain of the freed ship to offer his "  sincere gratitude , " according to Josh Schminky , a Navy Criminal Investigative Service agent aboard the Kidd . "  He was afraid that without our help , they could have been there for months , " Schminky said . The rescue Thursday came two days after Iran said the United States should not send any more warships into the Persian Gulf . The USS John Stennis Strike Group , which includes the Kidd , moved out of the Gulf through the Strait of Hormuz last week , prompting Iranian Brig. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi to warn that "  there is no need for the forces belonging to the countries beyond this region to have a presence in the Persian Gulf , " according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . "  Their presence does nothing but create mayhem , and we never wanted them to be present in the Persian Gulf , " Vahidi said . According to the Navy , a helicopter from the Kidd spotted a suspect pirate boat alongside the Iranian vessel . At the same time , the Kidd received a distress call from the captain of ship , the Al Molai , saying he and his crew were being held captive by pirates . A team from the Kidd boarded the Al Molai , took 15 suspected pirates into custody and freed 13 Iranian hostages , the Navy said . The suspected pirates , mostly Somalis , were taken to the Stennis to be held until a decision is made about prosecution , Pentagon spokesman Capt. John Kirby said Friday . Pirates hijacked the Al Molai 40 to 45 days ago , U.S. Naval Forces Central Command said in a statement . The crew was "  held hostage , with limited rations and we believe were forced against their will to assist the pirates with other piracy operations , " according to the statement . The Navy team provided food , water and medical care to both the suspected pirates and the crew of the Al Molai after securing the ship and ensuring everyone was safe , Schminky said . The crew had "  been through a lot , " he said . "  We went out of our way to treat the fishing crew with kindness and respect , " he said . Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta called the USS Stennis later Friday to congratulate the strike group commander , Rear Adm. Craig Faller , and his team on a "  well executed effort , " the Pentagon said . "  He said the team did exactly the right thing , and that he 's proud of what they were able to do , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said in a release . He quoted Panetta as saying , "  When we get a distress signal , we 're going to respond . That 's the nature of what our country is all about . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : Crew of Iranian vessel was forced to help pirate operations , U.S. Navy says Members of the U.S. Navy board the hijacked ship , free its crew The U.S. took 15 pirates into custody , a Navy spokesman says The ship is from a carrier group that Iran warned the United States about
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will predictably be among the favorites for this week 's Masters Tournament , but another name slipped into title contention on Sunday . Hunter Mahan 's victory at the Houston Open lifted him up to fourth in the world rankings , higher than any other American who will be playing at the golf season 's opening major at Augusta National . Mahan 's one-shot victory over Sweden 's Carl Petterson launched him to the top of the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup standings , but more importantly he showed a new mental strength that may help him win one of the sport 's four biggest events this year . "  I felt like this week my mind was probably the strongest part of my game . That 's a great thing to feel for sure , " he told the PGA Tour 's official website after becoming the first two-time winner of 2012 , following up his victory at the World Match Play Championship in late February -- when he beat McIlroy in the final . "  When you play a major , you 're going to have to have all facets of the game , especially your mind has to be a strength . What I 'm going to take from this week is that my mind was so strong , I was able to persevere through some ... you know , having the lead and doing something I have n't done before . " The 29-year-old had won three PGA events before this year , but is perhaps best known for his emotional defeat in the final game of the 2010 Ryder Cup teams event when he broke down in tears after losing the decider to Europe 's Graeme McDowell . "  I felt like I could be a good player in this game , but to win twice this year and be fourth , it feels great , really does . It shows me what I can do , shows me what I 'm capable of , " Mahan said . "  I was n't reaching my potential , in a way . I think great players , when you see them , their head is always up . They never seem to get down . They might get upset over a shot , but do n't get down on themselves over a shot . It just never seems to bother them . "  You also watch Tiger ... I played with him last week . He 's just got that confidence and that swagger back where it 's just head up , chest back and ready to go play . You got to be positive in this game -- it 's too hard . Hitting a good shot might be hitting it 30 feet  from the pin  . You do n't have to hit it  to  two feet for it to be a good shot . " Mahan said he is enjoying the game more with his new approach . "  I think I 'm just tired of doing it the wrong way , " he said . "  What I was doing before , it stunk . It was n't any fun . We play so many holes , play so many tournaments -- it just does n't make sense to beat yourself up , you know , because the game is hard enough . " Mahan said he had thought about skipping the Texas tournament , where he had finished in the top eight three times in five years . But the prospect of having to spend extra time at such a daunting place as Augusta , where he has twice made the top 10 in the last three years , made the decision to play at Redstone a simple one . "  I did n't like the idea of spending so much time there before the tournament , and the hardest part of that tournament is Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday , because you 're just sitting around and seeing the course . You ca n't wait to get started , " he said . Mahan will seek to preserve a remarkable statistic in a sport where good putting is often the difference between success and failure -- he has not three-putted in 102 holes , more than five and a half rounds of golf . But one player missing from the Masters field is South Africa 's three-time major champion Ernie Els . The 42-year-old , twice a runner-up at the Masters , needed to win in Houston to earn a starting place but finished six shots back and will not line up at Augusta for the first time since 1993 . Petterson finished on 15-under 273 , one shot ahead of 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen of South Africa , who fell away from contention with a 75 . Three-time Masters champion Phil Mickelson tied for fourth on 276 in a group including 2011 PGA Championship winner Keegan Bradley .	Hunter Mahan climbs up to a career-high fourth in golf 's world rankings American becomes the PGA Tour 's first two-time winner of the 2012 season His one-shot victory at the Houston Open boosts his hopes of a first major The 29-year-old goes into the Masters this week with a new mental approach
CNN  -- At least one person was killed when a National Guard helicopter crashed in waters off San Juan , Puerto Rico , a Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman said Tuesday , citing preliminary information . "  The preliminary information we have ... is that the wreckage of  the  Army National Guard aircraft was found in the water near San Juan , " spokeswoman Diane Spitaliere said in an e-mail . The aircraft was destroyed , she said . The crash occurred late Monday , according to Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Moorlag of the U.S. Coast Guard in Miami , Florida . The Coast Guard received the call to help late Monday night with search and rescue efforts , said Ricardo Castrodad , spokesman for the Coast Guard in San Juan . He said three crew members and three passengers -- one guard and two civilians from Puerto Rico -- were on board . The UH 72 Lakota helicopter departed Monday night from San Juan , he said . It was one nautical mile northeast from the Puerto Rican coast . Castrodad did not provide information on casualties but said the search for survivors was ongoing . CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	The crash occurred late Monday , U.S. Coast Guard says The wreckage was found in the water near San Juan , Puerto Rico
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was early one Sunday morning when the killer rang at a front door that was decorated with a wreath for Christmas . When his victim answered , he fired four fatal shots , ran off and disappeared . Police hope the new fingerprinting technique could detectives find new clues on murder weapons . The unsolved murder of Marianne Wilkinson , 68 , in a town near Dallas , Texas , in December 2007 has left investigators with few clues and few leads . They recovered the gun used in the crime a few months later , but the gunman 's identity -- and his motive -- remain a mystery . Now , a groundbreaking technique developed across the Atlantic Ocean in Britain may help Texas police and others to crack cold cases like this . The technique enables scientists to detect fingerprints on spent bullets and shell casings , even when the print had been wiped off . It works by detecting the minute corrosion of metal caused by sweat , which corrodes the metal in the shape of the fingerprint . "  That sweat is in the pattern of the original fingerprint that was deposited , " said John Bond , a forensic scientist for England 's Northamptonshire Police and a researcher at the University of Leicester , who developed the technique . The corrosion is often impossible to see with the naked eye because it 's so small -- as small as a micron , which is a millionth of a meter , Bond said . His method involves dusting the metal with a fine black powder that adheres to the corroded areas , allowing scientists to see the fingerprint . A detective from the police department in North Richland Hills , Texas , where Wilkinson lived in a gabled home with her husband , went to meet Bond late last year , Bond and the department said . Bond was able to obtain a print from the shell casings in the Wilkinson case , meaning police could be able to discern who loaded the gun , if they can find a match , North Richland Hills Police Investigator Larry Irving told CNN . Police are optimistic Bond 's technique will bring them another step closer to solving the case . "  Prior to  the detective  coming over , and one of the reasons he came over , is they had little or no forensic evidence for this murder , " Bond said . "  So my own feeling would be that finding fingerprints would be significant . " Investigators believe Wilkinson may have been the victim of mistaken identity , according to a profile of the case posted on the Web site for the television show "  America 's Most Wanted , " which featured the case . A neighbor whose address is very similar to Wilkinson 's told police she had recently gone through a bitter divorce , and that she and her ex-husband had an ongoing business dispute , according to the Web site . Large amounts of money were at stake , the show said , and the woman believed she was the intended target . Investigators traced the gun 's history to a man who is now deceased and , authorities believe , had no connection to the slaying , according to the television show 's Web site . Police believe the gun has changed hands several times since then and are still seeking information on its latest owners . The bullet fingerprinting technique wo n't necessarily solve crimes like the Wilkinson case but could unearth new clues , Bond said . "  It 's helping police get evidence they did n't have before , " he said . "  It 's simply a new line of inquiry and can be especially valuable with cold cases . " In September , Bond found fingerprints on a shell casing from another murder case -- a 1999 double homicide in Kingsland , Georgia . In that case , the suspect or suspects entered a Title Pawn business downtown , shot and killed the two employees and stole a small amount of money , said Kingsland police lieutenant Todd Tetterton . Police assigned a full-time cold case detective , Christopher King , to the case because of "  some things that had changed . " The department read about Bond 's technique in a magazine article and contacted him to see if he could help , he said . "  We were interested in trying anything we could , " Tetterton said . Four shell casings had been found at the crime scene , but fingerprint testing using traditional techniques did n't reveal anything of use . Bond was able to find fingerprint ridges on three of the four casings , and one of them yielded enough ridge detail to possibly provide an identification , a University of Leicester statement said , quoting King . Tetterton would only say that more than one shell casing was found at the scene , and said Bond was able to get results for detectives . He declined to say more , citing the ongoing investigation . "  The results are surprising , " the university statement quoted King as saying . "  I feel very optimistic . These results are better than I had expected and better than I hoped for . " Bond does n't advertise his services , which he performs free of charge . "  All of the inquiries we 've had from the U.S. police forces have all been initiated by them , " he told CNN . "  We never say no , so anybody who says , ` I 've got some shell casings , we have some over 30 years old ' -- we always say send them and we 'll have a look . " Bond says he tries to know as little about a case as possible before he looks for fingerprints , so no one can accuse him later of looking for something specific . In one case , he said , he found a partial print on a shell casing sent in by police in Boulder , Colorado . The detective told him it was a fingerprint they expected him to find . "  That was confirmation for me " that the technique worked , Bond said . The technique wo n't work , however , if a person has just washed their hands or put on gloves before loading a gun . But Bond said that 's not too much of a concern . "  Because of the nature of who these people are and the nature of what they 're committing , personal hygiene is not foremost in their mind when they 're doing this , " Bond said . "  It 's also the heat of the moment . They might be sweating , perspiring , because you know you 're going to go out and break the law . " -- CNN 's Ashley Broughton in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	New fingerprinting technique detects prints on weapons that have been wiped Police in Texas using method to investigate unsolved killing of woman in 2007 Technique detects minute corrosion to metal caused by sweat
London  CNN  -- Violence has returned to the streets of Cairo -- this time in fresh confrontations between army forces and pro-Coptic Christian protesters . Accounts of the casualties vary but an Egyptian health ministry spokesman told CNN that 25 people had been killed and more than 272 injured during the weekend protests that were sparked by the burning of a Coptic Christian church in southern Egypt . There has been long-standing tension between Egypt 's Coptic Christians and Muslims but CNN 's Ben Wedeman in Cairo says that since this year 's revolution that removed the former President Hosni Mubarak there have been more of these clashes . In the aftermath of the latest violence , Egypt 's Prime Minister Essam Sharaf has vowed to ban all discrimination based on religion , language , gender or ethnicity . But why has the violence erupted after a revolution which promises to deliver fresh democratic elections , who are the Coptic Christians and what will the new measures achieve ? CNN examines the background . After a revolution that brought change , do people have renewed confidence in being able to protest ? Are they seeing an opportunity to make their voices heard ahead of elections ? Ben Wedeman reports that at least among activists , there is a growing concern that any form of political activity , particularly demonstrations , that target the regime will be met by the kind of force used Sunday evening One Coptic man told our correspondent that the military is more than happy to allow "  millions of Muslim fundamentalists to occupy Tahrir Square every Friday , and cooperate with them in doing so , but when it comes to people who criticize -- Copts , Muslims , secular people -- the military , they use their guns . " He says it 's also important to keep in mind that one thing that occupies the minds of many Egyptians is that since the revolution the economy has gone from bad to worse . Tourists are scarce , foreign investment is drying up . One Egyptian told him : "  If people do n't get back to work within the next five months , there could be famine and chaos . " Why did the military react with such a heavy hand , given its experiences in the revolution ? Wedeman says it is a good question to which no one really has an answer , but offers this analysis : During the revolution the army stood on the sidelines , and were cheered by the masses The military , however , adds Wedeman , is not an organization which by its nature is well adapted to dealing with civil disturbances , and that has been clear for some time . They often stand by when the situation goes out of control -- something they did during the revolution when regime thugs tried to attack the protesters in Tahrir Square . There are concerns among some that with the spread of Islamic fundamentalism within Egyptian society as a whole that religious hardliners have gained a foothold in the officer corps , and that is reflected in the way they dealt with the Coptic protesters . One sometimes hears Muslims describe Christians as "  kufar " -- infidel -- even though the traditional interpretation of Islam was that Christians and Jews are not "  kufar " but rather "  Ahl al-Kitab " -- the people of the book -- meaning that they are followers of books holy in the Abrahamic tradition . Who are the Coptic Christians ? The Coptic Christians make up somewhere between 8 and 11 % of the 80 million Egyptians , most of whom are Sunni Muslims . They are not ethnically distinct . They base their theology on the teachings of the Apostle Mark , who introduced Christianity to Egypt , according to St. Takla Church in Alexandria , the capital of Coptic Christianity . Copts split from other Christians in the 5th century over the definition of the divinity of Jesus Christ . The Copts have been a target of violence in the past but there have been dozens of casualties this year . The New Year 's Day bombing of a Coptic church in Alexandria left 23 people dead , and during sectarian clashes in Cairo on May 7 at least 12 people were killed . The most recent protests follow the September 30 burning of the Mar Girgis church in Edfu , a city in Aswan governorate in southern Egypt . Sectarian violence in Egypt is nothing new . Maha Azzam , Associate Fellow of the Middle East and North African Program at the Chatham House think tank in London , says the sources of tension have focused on religious conversions , attacks on places of worship and Coptic resentment that they are not being given licenses to build new churches The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , an independent bipartisan federal agency , earlier this year added Egypt to a list of countries named as the worst violators of religious freedom . The Coptic church Egypt 's Coptic Christians and the crisis Why have we seen an upsurge in sectarian violence this year ? The reasons are not clear but Azzam points to two possibilities 1  Attempts by those opposed to democratic changes put in place by the revolution earlier this year to stir up trouble . 2  Efforts by extreme Islamist groups to resist attempts by the Copts to establish more churches in the new democratic era . However , CNN 's Ben Wedeman reports that the Muslim community has sent condolences to the Copts in response to the weekend deaths - and there are similar sentiments being expressed on Twitter with many calling for greater religious tolerance . So what are the concerns now ? Copts are increasingly worried about their future in Egypt . Wedeman says many are worried that the de-facto rulers of Egypt , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  SCAF  , have concluded an under-the-table alliance with the Muslim Brotherhood and the hard-line conservative Salafi movement as a means to cement their hold on power . "  And this perceived alliance shuts out not just Christians , but also secular activists , liberals and others who are worried about the excessive power of those who use religion as a cover for their political ambitions , " he said . Will the new measures to ban intolerance make a difference ? Again , our correspondent says there is a lot of skepticism about the willingness of the military or the government to make good on these promises . He said similar promises were made in May when there was an outbreak of sectarian violence in Cairo that left more than 10 people dead . The government formed a National Justice Committee , composed of Muslim , Coptic representatives and military and government officials . Several members of the National Justice Committee have resigned or suspended their membership in protest after Sunday 's violence and the army 's actions . Wedeman says there have been growing calls from prominent politicians for the resignation of the prime minister who is seen as weak and ineffectual at addressing sectarian issues . What does this mean for the Egyptian government ? Azzam says the weekend violence presents a serious challenge for Egypt in this transitional period . But she says the reaction of the armed forces and overwhelming use of force reflects a military that is unable to deal with dissent . "  Questions have to be asked about who gave the orders and the clumsy way they dealt with protesters , " she said . Both Azzam and Wedeman say the government reaction looked similar to that of the old regime , while the military response has also attracted criticism from Muslims . In May this year , Michael Wahid Hanna , a fellow and program officer at The Century Foundation , wrote on the CNN website that much should be expected of Egypt 's newly-empowered Muslim Brotherhood . "  Repressed and officially banned under Mubarak , the Brotherhood is now the most coherent opposition force in the country and is calling for the emphasis of Islam in Egypt 's politics , " he said . So will the process of change be affected ? Moves towards a democratically-elected Egyptian government have been difficult . The U.S. has been trying to encourage the government to lift the state of emergency , and a coalition of 60 political groups previously threatened to boycott parliamentary elections set to start in November unless their demands were met . An agreement reached Saturday included a promise to consider abolishing military tribunals and plans to draft a document to guide the creation of a new constitution . But some activists said the agreement fails to meet all the demands of the popular uprising . "  There are very serious challenges - both sectarian and economic - but I think we are heading for greater democratization , " said Azzam . "  It 's very hard to reverse that . I think it 's going to be very hard to delay elections . "	Coptic Christians make up between 8 -11 % of the population , most of whom are Sunni Muslims Tensions focus on religious conversions , attacks on places of worship and resentment over building licenses CNN 's Ben Wedeman says Muslim community has sent condolences to the Copts Maha Azzam says the use of force reflects a military that is unable to deal with dissent
CNN  -- Comedian/actor Bill Hader has departed "  Saturday Night Live " after eight seasons , but it 's not like he 's strapped for work . This Friday , Hader will be seen prominently in the raunchy summer comedy "  The To Do List " opposite Aubrey Plaza , Rachel Bilson , Donald Glover and Scott Porter . The film comes from Hader 's wife , writer/director Maggie Carey , so he 's particularly close to this project . Later this summer , he 'll reprise his role as the voice of Flint Lockwood in "  Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 . " CNN spoke with Hader about his Emmy nomination , why he 's moving back to California and his take on humor 's long shelf life . CNN : "  The To Do List " is set in the early '90s , an era that a lot of people these days feel nostalgic about . What 's funny to you about this time period ? Bill Hader : I do n't really know what 's funny about it . Everything is so tech now ; everyone is so connected that way . It 's interesting in this movie that I have to tell Aubrey Plaza 's character something , and I have to go to her house . Which you would never do now . The whole movie would be done in two seconds now . It was the last time when things were in that '50s vein . Now , if I leave my cell phone at the house , I assume my house is on fire . CNN : You play a slacker pool manager , but you yourself are not a slacker . Did you ever go through a stoner phase ? Hader : No , I never did . I actually do n't smoke pot that much . I 've never been a big pot smoker . And when I do smoke pot , friends always say , "  I feel like I 'm smoking pot with my dad . " I was always the designated driver ; I never drank that much . Not out of some moral thing . It 's that I was n't that interested in that . I was more of the drinking coffee at the coffee shop crowd . Oddly enough , I was n't a very good student . I did n't apply myself that well . I was n't good at doing things I was n't interested in . I used to think I was just slow , and a nice teacher said , "  oh , you 're actually really smart , you do n't give a s *** about anything . " CNN : Along with playing the lead , you 're also billed as a producer . Are you looking to do more behind-the-scenes work in the future , like , say , Will Ferrell does ? Hader : Yeah . I 'd love to direct a movie . That 's initially what I wanted to do . Acting was never something on my radar . I just did it as a fun extension of wanting to direct . I thought I should act to know what actors go through . I realized the acting thing really took .  Laughs . CNN : Last week , the Emmy nominations came out , and it was the first time a male "  Saturday Night Live " cast member has been nominated twice for "  Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series . " Have you been in a "  comedy sweet spot " the last few years , the way a basketball player might get hot shooting three pointers ? Hader : I do n't know if it 's that or ... I do n't know . I try not to think about it too much , or I 'll go crazy . I used to always think that there was a shelf life on being funny . But I work with  "  South Park " creators  Matt  Stone  and Trey  Parker  , and their show is in its 16th season , and every season is funnier . They figure out new things to do . Martin Short , when he comes by  "  Saturday Night Live "  , he 's still the funniest human being on the planet . Fred Willard still makes me laugh . All these people I liked growing up are still making me laugh . I try not to think about it too much in terms of myself . CNN : That 's probably good . You need to get some sleep . Hader : It 's not very healthy to think about yourself on those terms . You 'll go nuts . Oddly enough , I have really bad stage fright -- getting up in front of people . And I made a living going on live television . CNN : Would you be paranoid about the reactions after , or was it more of a "  once it 's done , it 's done " ? Hader : I 'd be done with it . I 've done sketches on the show -- I do n't think I 've ever finished anything and thought , "  oh , that was great . " I 'm always like "  uhhhh ... Why did n't I do this ? " It 's like a trap that I try to wiggle out of on-air . A mental trap . I prepare stuff so compulsively . I 'm constantly rereading . I 'm constantly rereading the sketch , going over it . So I know it so well , and if the slightest thing does n't get a laugh , it used to throw me . Toward my last couple seasons on the show , I 'd purposely do something I 've never done before . Not so much say things but give a different look or pause differently . Something that my brain would say "  oh , you screwed up , " and suddenly I would relax . Every Saturday morning , I 'd wake up , and I 'd immediately start pacing . I could not make my body stop moving . I thought if I stopped moving , it would sink in that I have to go on live television tonight . CNN : It seems like leaving "  Saturday Night Live " might be good for your health . Hader : Yeah , good for my mental health . No , I say all this , but in the moment , when it 's happening , it 's actually fun . Especially if people are laughing . CNN : What was the conversation with Lorne Michaels like ? How does someone resign from this iconic show ? Hader : I went into his office in February , and I think he knew that I was going to move to California . That 's what it was really about . We got a family , and I want a backyard . That 's how it started . It was really just excruciating small talk and then getting into the issue of the leaving . Generally , Lorne said , "  I totally get it , you have a family . I would love it if you stayed , but I get it . " Around May , I said I wanted to announce it , and that 's how it went . It definitely was hard . People will say that they cried . I thought I was going to pass out . When it was addressed and happened , it felt like a weight had been put on my shoulder or a weight had been lifted . All I know is that the room started tilting a bit . It was a physical reaction to saying the words "  I 'm leaving . " It was crazy . I did n't have a career . I worked as an editor on "  Iron Chef : America " before "  SNL . " It 's the reason people know me . CNN : That 's quite a jump , from "  Iron Chef : America " to "  SNL . " Hader : It was scary . For four years , I was waiting for them to figure out they made a giant mistake . I still ca n't really believe it . CNN : Stefon has certainly entered the hall of fame of "  SNL " characters . Was he your favorite ? Hader : He was one of my favorites . Herb Welch , the reporter who was a real **** head , I loved playing him . What I liked about doing Stefon is that you could play it kind of subtle . It was right at the camera .	Bill Hader has a busy summer after his exit from "  Saturday Night Live " He 'll star in "  The To Do List " and "  Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 " The star says he 's come a long way from his days editing "  Iron Chef : America " He hopes he 'll soon direct a movie
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Six years ago an ad in the Sunday paper changed a young Pakistani woman 's life and made aviation history . Seven Pakistani women are trained to fly the country 's F-7 fighter jets -- though none have seen combat so far . The ad read : "  Pakistan Air Force recruiting females cadets . " Back then Ambreen Gul was 20-years old and living in Karachi . Her mother wanted her to be a doctor . She remembers her reaction when she told her she wants to fly . "  She was like : ` You 're a girl , ' " says Gul . "  How will you do it ? How will you fly ? " The following day Gul took the first step in proving her mother wrong . She was among the first in line at the recruitment center . For nearly six decades it was only men who had flown Pakistan 's fighter jets . Today Gul is one of seven women who are trained and ready to fly Pakistan 's F-7 supersonic fighter jets . "  This is a feeling that makes you proud and makes you humble also , " says Gul . Humility does n't mean lack of confidence . "  We can do everything better than the men , " explains cadet Nida Tariq . "  We 're more hardworking , more consistent and more patient , " adds cadet Anam Faiq . To become a fighter pilot takes three years of training at the Air Force Academy in Risalpur , Pakistan , where the halls are lined with grainy black-and-white pictures of nearly six decades of male graduates who went on to fly for the Pakistan Air Force . The training is often intensely physical . Here , equal opportunity means equal treatment . If they are not good enough as per their male counterparts , we do n't let them fly , " says commanding officer Tanvir Piracha . Some of Pakistan 's female pilots wear hijabs . Others prefer to go without the Muslim headdress . Most say changing the misconception of Muslim women is just as important as serving their country . "  Islam gives equal opportunity to females . Whatever we want to do we can , " says pilot Nadia Gul . "  To tell you the truth I 've been given equal opportunity or I suppose more than men have been given , " says Air Force cadet Sharista Beg . Air Force officials say fighter pilots are playing a vital role in the fight against the Taliban . They 're training in counterinsurgency , collecting aerial intelligence and targeting militant strongholds in the treacherous mountains of Pakistan 's tribal region along the Afghan border . Ambreen Gul says her goal now is to fly in combat . "  I would give my life for my country , " she says . But women rarely fly in combat anywhere in the world and it 's never been done in Pakistan . It 's another barrier Gul plans to break .	Ambreen Gul is one of seven women trained to fly F-7 supersonic fighter jet To become a Pakistani fighter pilot takes three years of training Some female pilots wear hijabs , others go without the Muslim headdress
CNN  -- Should the press be more heavily regulated ? Share your thoughts here . Could the phone-hacking scandal prove to be a blessing in disguise for Rupert Murdoch ? A year ago that would have seemed a ridiculous notion . News Corp. 's UK newspaper arm almost collapsed last summer under the weight of a story that dominated Britain 's news agenda for months , prompting a sting of resignations and a high-profile public inquiry . It was a conflagration that briefly threatened to engulf the entire company , forcing a fire-fighting Rupert Murdoch to appear before British lawmakers in London and declare : "  This is the most humble day of my life . " Yet since News Corp. responded to the crisis by confirming in the spring it would spin off its publishing assets into a separate company , the media conglomerate 's stock has soared . News Corp. 's share price has risen by 20 % since July 2011 , adding more than $ 5 billion to the value of the company . Insiders say executives are surprised by the positive way Wall Street received its decision to hive off its print titles . They should n't be . The phone-hacking scandal , which resulted in the closure of UK Sunday tabloid News of the World , forced Murdoch to do what frustrated investors had been urging him to do for years : jettison the company 's troublesome newspaper titles , which include the Times of London and the Sun . The surge in the company 's share price reflects optimism about the future of the company once it is freed from the deadweight of print in 2013 . The Wall Street Journal , which News Corp. also owns , is profitable because it has figured out a way to make money online by charging for content , but other titles are struggling . Shareholders in the U.S. have long viewed Murdoch 's attachment to his London-based papers , in particular , as an expensive indulgence . They approve of News Corp. 's renewed focus on broadcasting , a part of the media industry that is growing . Murdoch has spent money taking full control of Australia 's largest pay-TV operator and acquiring the local network that screens New York Yankees games . Cable TV veteran Chase Carey , a reassuring presence , is firmly established as Murdoch 's second in command . The constant chatter about which member of the Murdoch family will be shoe-horned into the CEO 's chair to succeed the old man has fallen quiet , at least for now . A Management and Standards Committee set up to deal with the fallout from the phone-hacking affair has been cooperating with Scotland Yard , uncovering evidence of illegal payments to public officials , but its work is nearly complete . It feels as if the company might finally be putting phone-hacking behind it . Murdoch is enthused about the creation of "  pubco " and bullish about its prospects , convinced there is still plenty of money to be made in print . A senior company source describes him as "  obsessed " with the business . He is planning a spending spree once the company is established , and is busy finalizing a string of executive appointments . The company is expected to be run by Robert Thomson , an Australian who once edited the Times of London and now runs the Journal , and there is talk of bringing forward the stock market flotation . The business has recovered its momentum and Murdoch has rediscovered his mojo . His frequent and combative tweets , covering subjects from British press regulation to China 's uncertain future , is testament to that . Yet those who regard the 81-year-old 's enthusiasm for newspapers as an enduring weakness may ultimately be proved right . The new publishing business will be given a large amount of cash by News Corp. , a generous dowry to ensure a good start in life , cash that shareholders may feel would be more effectively deployed elsewhere . It is believed Murdoch tried to persuade his oldest son Lachlan to return to the family fold as chief executive of the publishing business , a reminder that succession is the thorniest issue of all at News Corp. . His second son James , who was badly damaged by the phone-hacking affair , is quietly running Fox Networks in the U.S. and reporting directly to Carey , but no one doubts his father wants him to run the company when he finally steps aside . That could prompt a showdown with investors that Murdoch Sr. may no longer be strong enough to win . Phone-hacking damaged Murdoch and the specter of an FBI investigation into alleged payments to foreign officials , a criminal offense under the Foreign and Corrupt Practices Act , still casts a long shadow over News Corp. . The company has not commented on any potential investigation . The most likely outcome is a settlement with the U.S. authorities that will cost the company millions of dollars , but it would be wrong to assume the hacking saga will end there . In April last year , James Murdoch , who was then in charge of News Corp. 's European and Asian businesses , told a conference the company had successfully put phone-hacking "  in a box . " Three weeks later , three of Murdoch 's key executives had resigned and the News of the World had been dramatically shuttered . Murdoch has not been held personally responsible for phone-hacking but further criticism could undermine his authority . The Leveson Inquiry is critical of the News of the World and says there was a failure of governance at News International . But it also says there is no evidence Rupert Murdoch knew phone-hacking was rife , or that he orchestrated a cover-up . Leveson is less equivocal about James Murdoch , saying there are aspects of his evidence "  that cause me some concern " . It stops short of criticizing the younger Murdoch further , citing ongoing police investigations into criminality at News International , but the verdict is not a favorable one for James , and it may harm his chance of succeeding his father . That is unwelcome news for Rupert , who desperately wants to keep his business empire in the family . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Robinson .	Rupert Murdoch claimed to have been "  humbled " by the phone-hacking scandal Revelations about journalistic practises at the News of the World led to the tabloid 's closure Since the scandal , News Corp. has decided to split its publishing assets into separate firm
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court ruled for a Pennsylvania woman accused of violating laws tied to a chemical-weapons treaty when she attacked the other woman in a love triangle . The justices by a unanimous vote on Monday concluded the government overstepped its authority when prosecuting Carol Anne Bond , as part of the country 's obligations enforcing a chemical weapons agreement . At issue was whether Congress may criminalize conduct -- under its treaty ratification power -- that is otherwise the domain of the states . Bond was given a long prison sentence in the federal system after being convicted of using potentially lethal chemicals against a romantic rival . She would have likely gotten a much shorter sentence under state law . The decision sends the case back to lower courts , which could vacate the conviction . The case of toxic love has soap-opera elements , but Bond 's lawyers argued she was being treated like a foreign terrorist instead of someone caught up in an act of personal revenge against a friend . "  The global need to prevent chemical warfare does not require the federal government to reach into the kitchen cupboard , " Chief Justice John Roberts wrote in his narrowly framed opinion , "  or to treat a local assault with a chemical irritant as the deployment of a chemical weapon . " Beyond this fact-specific dispute , the case touched on larger concerns about the strength and purpose of the Constitution 's 10th Amendment , designed to preserve state power . It is also a question roiling the current political debate , especially among tea party conservatives in this post-9 / 11 , security-conscious environment . The court majority largely avoided those questions in its ruling . Roberts said the facts of the case limited their scope . "  This exceptional convergence of factors gives us serious reason to doubt the government 's expansive reading of the -LSB- law -RSB- , and calls for us to interpret the statute more narrowly . " Bond , a native of Barbados , lived outside Philadelphia and worked as a microbiologist . As a federal appeals court succinctly summarized the relevant facts in the case : "  Bond was excited when her closest friend , Myrlinda Haynes , announced she was pregnant . Bond 's excitement turned to rage when she learned that her husband , Clifford Bond , was the child 's father . She vowed revenge . " The woman , known to her family as Betty , struck back by stealing dangerous a chemical -- arsenic-based 10-chloro-10H-phenoxarsine -- from her company . She also obtained potassium dichromate over the Internet . Both substances in heavy doses can cause toxic , even lethal harm with very little physical contact . The 42-year-old then tried to poison Haynes some two dozen times over several months , secretly sprinkling small amounts of the chemicals on an apartment doorknob , car door handles , and a mailbox . While suffering no more than a chemical burn on her thumb , Haynes grew suspicious -- one of the chemicals was a bright orange powder . After getting little help from local police , in 2007 she called postal inspectors , who set up surveillance cameras . Bond was videotaped stealing mail and placing chemicals inside the mailbox and a car muffler , court records show . She was soon arrested . Bond admitted her guilt early on and claimed she never meant to kill Haynes , but only wanted to cause her "  an uncomfortable rash . " The defendant also said her friend 's betrayal caused an "  emotional breakdown " that made her respond in such a shocking fashion . Instead of being charged with simple assault , which may have gotten her six months to a year or two in state prison , Bond was indicted in federal court on two counts of mail fraud and -- the bombshell -- two counts of violating a federal law and international treaty on the possession and use of "  chemical weapons . " When a judge denied her motions to transfer the case to state court , Bond pleaded guilty and immediately appealed . She received a sentence of six years behind bars and nearly $ 12,000 in fines and restitution . She was released in August 2012 . There are about 1,000 treaties signed by the United States currently on the books . Many academics and lawmakers had hoped the majority right-leaning bench will use this opportunity to delve further into the scope of the 10th Amendment , which states , "  The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . " In the broader political context , a bipartisan sphere of Americans worry the federal government and Congress have been overly aggressive in staking claims to disputes they believe are best left to states , especially in the criminal arena . And it is not just felonies . Areas like gun ownership , zoning laws , environmental regulations , taxation , health care , and education standards all could be re-examined in the wake of this high court decision . While agreeing the prosecution of Bond was improper , three other members of the court -- Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas , and Samuel Alito -- would have gone farther and said the court should decide whether the law was a proper exercise of federal power . "  We have here a supposedly ` narrow ' opinion which , in order to be ` narrow , ' sets forth interpretive principles never before imagined that will bedevil our jurisprudence  and proliferate litigation  for years to come . The immediate product of these interpretive novelties is a statute that should be the envy of every lawmaker bent on trapping the unwary with vague and uncertain criminal prohibitions , " said Scalia . He added that the majority "  enables the fundamental constitutional principle of limited federal powers to be set aside by the President and Senate 's exercise of the treaty power . We should not have shirked our duty and distorted the law to preserve that assertion ; we should have welcomed and eagerly grasped the opportunity -- nay , the obligation -- to consider and repudiate it . " Some of Bond 's supporters argue that some federal prosecutions are novel and the penalties are often more harsh , creating conflict and confusion with local efforts to ensure public safety . They see Bond as an unexpected hero in the fight to return "  the power back to the people . " "  The proposition that the Treaty Clause is a trump card that defeats all of the remaining structural limitations on the federal government is not a proposition that is logically defensible , " Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , said when the case was argued in December . Bond had won an earlier Supreme Court appeal , with a unanimous ruling she had "  standing , " or legal authority , to pursue her claims in the courts . That allowed her to continue trying to have her federal conviction tossed out , which was the current issue before the justices . Her lawyers say she had been trying in recent years to repair her shaken marriage , and has come to terms with her husband 's betrayal . The case is Bond v. U.S.  12-158  .	Carol Anne Bond challenged her conviction on a federal chemical weapon charge She used poisons to try to get back at a woman who had an affair with her husband The case touches on the conflict between federal and state powers
CNN  -- Ever been to Gettysburg National Military Park in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania ? How about the Church of Our Savior on Spilled Blood in St. Petersburg , Russia ? If not , you 're missing out on two of the world 's top 10 landmarks , at least according to TripAdvisor , which on Tuesday released the results of its second Travelers ' Choice Attractions Awards . Machu Picchu , the 15th-century Inca citadel located in Peru , tops the travel website 's list of the world 's top landmarks . The awards list the top landmarks , as well as the top parks , in the world and United States . There are also dedicated lists for Asia , Australia , Canada , China , Europe , India , Mexico , South America , the South Pacific and UK . Stanley Park in Vancouver , Canada , is the world 's top park , according to the website , followed by the Garden of the Gods in Colorado , which edged out Central Park in New York as the top park in the United States . The awards identify leading travel spots around the world "  based on the millions of valuable reviews and opinions from TripAdvisor travelers , " said the travel website in a statement . "  Winners were determined using an algorithm that took into account the quantity and quality of reviews for landmark and park attractions worldwide , gathered over a 12-month period . " The world landmarks top 10 list includes numerous religious sites , including Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi , U.A.E.  # 2  ; the Great Cathedral and Mosque in Cordoba , Spain  # 4  ; St. Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City  # 5  and Bayon Temple at Siem Reap , Cambodia  # 7  . The U.S. landmarks list includes four sites that honor the country 's soldiers and war dead -- Gettysburg National Military Park in Pennsylvania , the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , and the Vietnam Veterans Memorial and Korean War Veterans Memorial , both in Washington , D.C. . The list features a number of head-scratchers , not so much for what 's included , but for what is n't . Portland Head Light lighthouse in Cape Elizabeth , Maine , for example , comes in at number 22 on the list of U.S. attractions , but there 's no mention of New York 's Statue of Liberty or Arizona 's Grand Canyon  both operated by the National Parks Service  or even Seattle 's Space Needle in the U.S. top 25 . The Cloud Gate , a modern stainless steel public sculpture at Millennium Park referred to by locals as "  the Bean , " is the only Chicago attraction to crack the U.S. top 25 -- none of Chicago 's architectural classics , including the Willis  Sears  Tower , Wrigley Building and John Hancock Center appear in the top 25 U.S. landmarks . Likewise , Egypt 's pyramids  or any site in Egypt for that matter  are nowhere to be found in the world 's top 25 landmarks list . "  TripAdvisor Travelers ' Choice Attractions highlighted landmarks and parks as these are places people can visit as part of their trip to a destination , " TripAdvisor spokesperson Erin Millard tells CNN . "  National and state parks are often destinations and trips in and of themselves . "  We defined landmark as a historically , architecturally or culturally significant attraction , and they are typically owned or run by a governmental or non-profit organization . Registered national historic landmarks and UNESCO sites are also included . " Click here for the full list of TripAdvisor 's World 's Top Landmarks and Parks Travelers ' Choice Attraction Awards . Top 10 World Landmarks 1 . Machu Picchu , Machu Picchu , Peru 2 . Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque , Abu Dhabi , U.A.E. 3 . Taj Mahal , Agra , India 4 . Great Cathedral and Mosque , Cordoba , Spain 5 . St. Peter 's Basilica , Vatican City 6 . Angkor Wat , Siem Reap , Cambodia 7 . Bayon Temple , Siem Reap , Cambodia 8 . Church of Our Savior on Spilled Blood , St. Petersburg , Russia 9 . Gettysburg National Military Park , Gettysburg , Pennsylvania 10 . Ancient City Walls , Dubrovnik , Croatia Top 10 U.S. Landmarks 1 . Gettysburg National Military Park , Gettysburg , Pennsylvania 2 . Lincoln Memorial and Reflecting Pool , Washington , D.C. 3 . Golden Gate Bridge , San Francisco 4 . Alcatraz , San Francisco 5 . USS Arizona Memorial , Honolulu 6 . Cloud Gate , Chicago 7 . Vietnam Veterans Memorial , Washington , D.C. 8 . New York Public Library , New York 9 . Cathedral of St. John the Baptist , Savannah , Georgia 10 . Korean War Veterans Memorial , Washington , D.C. Top 10 World Parks 1 . Stanley Park , Vancouver , Canada 2 . Garden of the Gods , Colorado Springs , Colorado 3 . Central Park , New York 4 . Millennium Park , Chicago 5 . High Line , New York 6 . Kings Park and Botanic Garden , Perth , Australia 7 . Guell Park , Barcelona , Spain 8 . Ibirapuera Park , Sao Paulo 9 . Retiro Park  Parque del Retiro  , Madrid 10 . Luxembourg Gardens , Paris Top 10 U.S. Parks 1 . Garden of the Gods , Colorado Springs , Colorado 2 . Central Park , New York 3 . Millennium Park , Chicago 4 . High Line , New York 5 . Boston Public Garden , Boston 6 . Golden Gate Park , San Francisco 7 . Balboa Park , San Diego 8 . Bryant Park , New York 9 . Forsyth Park , Savannah , Georgia 10 . Falls Park on the Reedy , Greenville , South Carolina What do you think about TripAdvisor 's list of top attractions and parks ? Leave a comment .	TripAdvisor has released results of its second Travelers ' Choice Attractions Awards Peru 's Machu Picchu heads list of world 's top landmarks Cloud Gate , a modern public sculpture , is the only Chicago attraction to crack the top 25 U.S. attractions
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Angelina Jolie was on a stage Thursday but was n't performing . Instead , she paid tribute to the millions of uprooted people across the globe made homeless by war . Angelina Jolie said that sheltering countries can learn from the way refugees survive their difficulties . A U.N. goodwill ambassador , Jolie was in Washington to observe World Refugee Day , an annual event that falls on Saturday this year . The poignant ceremony was sponsored by the United Nations refugee agency . Tears flowed as refugees and displaced people shared their harrowing experiences and advocates related what they 'd seen in refugee camps . "  I believe we must persuade the world that refugees must not be simply viewed as a burden , " she said . "  They are the survivors . And they can bring those qualities to the service of their communities and the countries that shelter them . " Jolie spoke of her visits to refugee camps in Tanzania and Pakistan . She met a boy about 15 years old in a Tanzanian refugee camp who , without a wheelchair , had to crawl since a shot in the back paralyzed him . His family was killed , leaving him as an orphan . Yet when he spoke with her , he did it with a smile . "  He had this really remarkable , unbreakable spirit , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper after the event at the National Geographic Museum . "  I think of him and I ca n't complain about anything ... he was grateful and he had nothing and suffered everything . " The boy died a few months after she met him , Jolie said . According to a U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees survey of displacement trends in 2008 , there are 42 million uprooted people -- 15.2 million were refugees , 26 million were internally displaced people and 827,000 were asylum seekers . Afghans and Iraqis constituted almost half of all refugees worldwide . One out of four refugees was from Afghanistan , and 69 countries accepted Afghan refugees for asylum , agency officials found . Jolie recounted her meeting with a pregnant Afghan refugee . She lived in a small , roofless dirt house in an abandoned refugee camp in Pakistan and could not leave with the others because she was too far along in her pregnancy . Pakistan struggles with the largest refugee population in the world , about 1.8 million , according to the United Nations . The country also has more than 2 million internally displaced citizens , largely because of the fighting between the Pakistani military and the Taliban since April . Antonio Guterres , head of the U.N. 's refugee agency , elaborated on the plight of displaced people at the event . He said internally displaced people "  face the same plight -LSB- as refugees -RSB- . They have lost the same as refugees . They do n't have the same international protections granted to refugees . " Conflicts like those in Pakistan , Sri Lanka and Somalia have caused more people to flee their homes , though the number of displaced people declined by about 700,000 in 2008 , the report said . Recent fighting in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and in Somalia last year brought total displacement in each to 1.5 million and 1.3 million , respectively . More than 2 million internally displaced people were in Sudan 's Darfur region , according to the report . When a genocide targeting Tutsis in Rwanda in 1994 later spilled over into the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Rose Mapendo , a Tutsi , was caught in the middle . She spoke at the event and described her ordeal . Mapendo , her husband and seven children were thrown into a death camp , where her husband was executed and her children starved , she said through tears . While at the prison , she learned that she was pregnant . She gave birth in silence , on a concrete floor , Mapendo said . To her surprise , she had twins , and to her captors ' surprise , she named her newborns after them . Soon after her gesture toward the prison commanders , her family was freed after their 16-month ordeal . Mapendo , named a CNN Hero in October , created Mapendo International , a nonprofit dedicated to identifying , saving and resettling endangered refugees . She was named humanitarian of the year at the event by the U.N. agency . "  I want to encourage the refugees do n't give up , " she said . Giving up "  is not an option . " CNN 's Khadijah Rentas , Shalina Wadhwani and Paul Courson contributed to this report	Actress , U.N. goodwill ambassador spoke of visits to Tanzania , Pakistan camps Chief of U.N. refugee agency elaborated on the plight of displaced people Conflicts in Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Somalia have caused people to flee their homes Tutsi described her ordeal amid slaughter in Democratic Republic of Congo
New York  CNN  -- The barefoot , apparently homeless man depicted in a widely publicized photo of a New York police officer offering him a pair of boots is not really homeless , according to the head of a city agency . On the frigid night of November 14 , police officer Lawrence DePrimo , a two-year veteran of the NYPD , was on patrol in Times Square when he came across a man in bare feet with "  blisters ... about the size of my hands . " "  My heart went out to this man , " DePrimo told CNN . "  I just went toward him and asked him if he wanted a pair of socks . " Opinion : Shoes a start , but homeless need far more DePrimo then headed to a nearby shoe store and -- after asking the man his size -- bought winter boots and helped the man put them on his feet . Unbeknownst to DePrimo , Jennifer Foster , a tourist from Florence , Arizona , had been close by and captured the moment of DePrimo helping the man . The NYPD posted the picture to its Facebook page , where it has garnered hundreds of thousands of comments . Since then , the barefoot man , once thought to be homeless , has been identified by the New York Times as Jeffrey Hillman , 54 . That name was confirmed to CNN by Hillman 's older brother , Kirk . "  Seeing him on the street , the way I saw , that was a shock at that particular time with no shoes and in the cold , " Kirk Hillman , 62 of Allentown , Pennsylvania , said , recalling the first time he saw the photo that went viral on the Internet . "  My brother has been homeless for a while now , he 's been on the street for many , many years of his life . " But according to the city , Jeffrey Hillman has housing -- an apartment in the Bronx . Seth Diamond , commissioner of the New York City Department of Homeless Services , says that Jeffrey Hillman has been on the city 's radar for years . "  He has housing and that 's one of the most important elements for a stable lifestyle , " Diamond told CNN . Read more : ' I knew I had to help , ' cop says Jeffrey Hillman , who served in the military , is eligible for support through the federal Housing and Urban Development 's Veterans Affairs Support Housing program , Diamond said . Thanks to that program , Jeffrey Hillman has a Bronx apartment that has been paid for outright , Diamond said , emphasizing there was no need for the man to "  panhandle on the streets to pay rent . " Diamond would not give any details about Jeffrey Hillman 's use of the apartment . CNN was unable to locate Jeffrey Hillman . But Diamond described the situation as being one that his agency deals with regularly with the city 's homeless population : "  At times , he 's receptive and at times he 's more restive , and that is not atypical . " And Diamond said he remains steadfast and vigilant in this case , as in others . "  Mr. Hillman needs to be living a better and healthier life . We have incredibly dedicated people who do not take no for an answer , " Diamond says , "  We just have to keep at it . " Read more : Dear New York , what 's up with the niceness ? CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	A photo of a police officer aiding a barefoot , presumably homeless man went viral A tourist 's photo captured the officer helping the barefoot man with a new pair of boots The officer bought the boots for the man The city agency for the homeless says the man has an apartment in the Bronx
CNN  -- Republicans appear to have regained the majority of U.S. governorships , capturing 10 in states where the previous executives were Democrats , according to CNN projections of exit poll data . But Democrats scored two takeaways Tuesday night , including in California , where CNN projected that Jerry Brown will defeat Republican Meg Whitman for the governorship now held by Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger , who is stepping down under term limits . The other takeaway states were Hawaii and Vermont . GOP women made major inroads , as New Mexico 's Susana Martinez , South Carolina 's Nikki Haley and Oklahoma 's Mary Fallin all defeated their Democratic opponents . A widely publicized battle in New York ended with a projected Democratic victory as state Attorney General Andrew Cuomo slid past Republican favorite Carl Paladino , according to CNN analysis of exit poll data . Son of former Gov. Mario Cuomo , the younger Cuomo squared off against Paladino , a businessman and developer , after the Tea Party-endorsed candidate scored an upset victory over former Rep. Rick Lazio earlier in the GOP primary . Cuomo added to Democratic wins in New Hampshire , Maryland and Arkansas , according to the projections . But governorships in Kansas , Oklahoma , Tennessee , New Mexico , Pennsylvania , Wyoming , Michigan , Wisconsin , Ohio and Iowa all have gone from Democrat to GOP , according to CNN analysis of exit poll data . Republicans , however , lost Rhode Island . But Democrats did n't win it , either . Independent Lincoln Chafee , a former Republican , was projected by CNN to defeat Republican John Robitaille and Democrat Frank Caprio for the governorship . It had been vacated by Republican Gov. Don Carcieri because of term limits , Chafee becomes Rhode Island 's first governor who is neither a Republican nor a Democrat to serve since 1857 . Often overshadowed during midterm campaigns , governorships can affect national politics by their influence in the redistricting of state electorates . Republicans needed a net gain of only three governorships Tuesday for a majority nationally . If the eight-state pickup margin holds , the GOP will have gained a national gubernatorial majority plus five . Tennessee became the first Republican pickup Tuesday evening , when Knoxville Mayor Bill Haslam edged past Democrat Mike McWherter . Haslam will succeed Democratic Gov. Phil Bredesen , who was precluded from running again by term limits . In Michigan , Republican Rick Snyder defeated Democratic Lansing Mayor Virg Bernero in Michigan . In Pennsylvania , CNN projected Tom Corbett , who had an 8 percentage-point lead with 84 percent of precincts reporting , as the winner over Democrat Dan Onorato . In Wisconsin , Republican Scott Walker was CNN 's projected winner over Democrat Tom Barrett . In Kansas , Sam Brownback won easily over Democrat Tom Holland . In Wyoming , Republican Matt Mead was the projected winner over Leslie Petersen . In Oklahoma , Fallin defeated another woman , Democrat Jari Askins . In Ohio , Republican John Kasich , a former congressman-turned-pundit , defeated Democratic incumbent Ted Strickland , who was seeking a second term . In Iowa , former Republican Gov. Terry Branstad , who had the job in 1980s and 1990s , defeated Democrat Gov. Chet Culver . In New Mexico , also a contest between female candidates , Martinez defeated Diane Denish in a race to replace Democratic Gov. Bill Richardson . And in Maine , GOP candidate Paul LePage , the mayor of Waterville , will succeed term-limited Democratic Gov. John Baldacci . LePage led independent candidate Eliot Cutler by fewer than 8,500 votes ; Cutler conceded Wednesday . Addressing her cheering supporters Tuesday night , Martinez hit repeatedly on one theme : "  You were the ones telling me how desperately we needed to move New Mexico in a new direction , " she said . "  At the end of the day , New Mexico chose a new direction . " In South Carolina , Haley became the state 's first female governor by defeating Democratic opponent Vincent Sheheen in a tightly contested race . Haley , a 38-year-old state representative , is supported by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Tea Party activists , and has promised to tackle unemployment and excess government spending by way of a 10-year plan . During a bitter campaign runup , Sheheen hammered Haley on reports of late tax payments while campaigning on the scandal surrounding the former governor . The governor 's race in South Carolina had earned a prominent stage among a series of high-profile gubernatorial elections that some analysts speculate could be a bellwether for future presidential politics . On Wednesday , Vermont 's Republican Lt. Gov. Brian Dubie conceded the race -- which came down to the wire -- to his opponent , Democrat Peter Shumlin . Dubie 's campaign said he called Shumlin to congratulate him Wednesday morning . "  It was extremely close , with only 3,000 votes or so determining the outcome , but he decided it was in the best interests of the state to let the transition proceed without calling for a recount , " Dubie spokeswoman Kate Duffy said in an e-mail to CNN . Nevada , Arizona , Alaska , Georgia , Idaho , Utah , Texas , Nebraska , South Dakota , Alabama and South Carolina returned Republicans to their governor 's mansions ; Colorado , Arkansas , New Hampshire , New York , Massachusetts and Maryland did likewise for Democrats . In Texas , incumbent Gov. Rick Perry defeated Democrat Bill White , and Democratic incumbents held on to governorships in Arkansas and New Hampshire , based on projections . In New Hampshire , incumbent John Lynch bested Republican challenger John Stephens , while in Arkansas , Democrat Mike Beebe defeated GOP nominee Jim Keet . Democratic incumbents also held on in Massachusetts , where Gov. Deval Patrick was projected to defeat Republican Charlie Baker , and in Maryland , where Gov. Martin O'Malley was projected to prevail over Bob Ehrlich . In Baltimore , O'Malley thanked state employees and campaign workers , pledging to "  move Maryland forward " by creating jobs and in what he described as a "  new economy . " In South Dakota , Republican Lt. Gov. Dennis Daugaard edged past Democrat Scott Heidepriem . In Georgia , former U.S. Rep. Nathan Deal , the Republican candidate , defeated former Gov. Roy Barnes , according to a CNN projection based on exit poll data . Deal narrowly defeated Tea Party favorite and former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel for the state 's Republican nomination . The national spotlight turned on the Georgia race when national GOP heavyweights Sarah Palin and Mitt Romney endorsed Handel , while Mike Huckabee and Newt Gingrich backed Deal . In Nevada , Republican Brian Sandoval , who had beaten scandal-plagued incumbent Gov. Jim Gibbons in the primary , defeated Democrat Rory Reid . In Arizona , incumbent Republican Gov. Jan Brewer defeated Democrat Terry Goddard . In Alaska , Sarah Palin 's successor as governor , former Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell , beat Democratic Ethan Berkowitz , a former state representative . In Hawaii , Democrat and former Rep. Neil Abercrombie won back the governorship for his party by defeating Republican Lt. Gov. Duke Aiona . Republican Gov. Linda Lingle left the seat due to term limits .	NEW : Republican Paul LePage has narrow win in Maine Republicans have knocked Democrats out of 10 governorships so far Democrats score two takeaways from GOP in California and Hawaii Republican Susana Martinez wins in New Mexico
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike killed four suspected militants in northwestern Pakistan on Monday night , Pakistani intelligence officials told CNN . The unmanned Predator drone fired two missiles at a vehicle driving on a main road in North Waziristan , one of seven districts in Pakistan 's mostly ungoverned tribal region along the Afghan border , the two officials said . The officials asked not to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . North Waziristan is the home base of the Pakistani Taliban and described by Washington as a safe haven for militant groups fueling the insurgency across the border in Afghanistan . The attack occurred roughly an hour after locals ended their daily fast for the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Based on a count by CNN 's Islamabad bureau , Monday 's drone strike was the 48th this year , compared to 111 last year . Journalists Saboor Khattak and Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	Two missiles are fired at a vehicle , killing four suspected militants The attack occurred after locals ended their daily fast for Ramadan The attack is the 48th this year , CNN count shows
CNN  -- The man closest to Tiger Woods when he plays golf says he had no idea about the extramarital affairs that have sidelined Woods from the game . Steve Williams , Woods ' caddy and confidant for nearly a decade , talked to New Zealand 's TV3 about the scandal . "  I knew nothing , " Williams said in an interview posted on the station 's Web site Thursday . "  I do n't need to clarify it , extend that answer . I knew nothing . " Williams said he 's heard the calls from some that he should be fired for not preventing Woods ' downfall . "  In some people 's perception , I 'm involved with it , and I 've committed a crime or done wrong , " he said . "  If the shoe was on somebody else , I would say the same thing , it would be very difficult for the caddy not to know , " he said . "  But I 'm 100 percent telling you , I knew nothing , and that 's that . " Williams ' wife , Kirsty , defended her husband , insisting he would not have been able to keep the secret from her or Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren . "  The four of us are so close , " she told TV3 . "  Being so close , he could n't know and not say something to Elin or myself . You know , it 's just , that 's the way it is . " Woods , 34 , apologized last month in a tightly controlled televised statement for his "  irresponsible and selfish " behavior , which he said included infidelity . The February 19 statement was his first public appearance since he crashed his black Cadillac Escalade into a fire hydrant and a tree near his home in November . The crash and reports about why it happened sparked a barrage of infidelity allegations against the golfer , who has two children with his wife . Williams , who gets 10 percent of the millions Woods wins on the golf tour every year , said he would not have kept it secret just to protect his job . "  I 'm a straight up sort of person , if I had known something was going on , the whistle would have been blown , " Williams said . "  He knows that I 'm straight up , that 's the way I operate . " He said he is disappointed with Woods . "  Of course , I 'm mad at him , " he said . "  Why would you not be ? He 's obviously let his family down . " Williams said he and Woods will talk about the scandal eventually , but not now . "  When a guy 's having a tough time , that 's not the time , " he said . "  It 's not up to me to beat him with a stick right now . I mean , he 's getting enough grilling from everybody else . " Williams said his role now is to talk to Woods -- who he described as "  one of my closest friends " -- about the future and help him get back on the golf tour . "  When you are friends with somebody , and you 're a true friend to somebody , that 's when somebody needs your support , and that 's when they need you the most , that 's when you do n't walk away , " he said . In his February 19 statement , Woods left open the possibility of returning to professional golf this year . Williams predicted that Woods would bounce back from his troubles . "  Tiger 's biggest asset is his mental strength , " he said . "  So , he 's going to need all his mental strength to get out of this , no question about it . " With Woods not playing , Williams is spending more time with his personal passion : speedway racing in New Zealand . "  When I 'm not working on the tour , I do n't miss it one bit , " he said .	Steve Williams says some think he should be fired for not preventing Woods ' downfall "  But I 'm 100 percent telling you , I knew nothing , and that 's that , " he says in interview Wife defends him , says he would n't have been able to keep secret from her or Woods ' wife Williams says he would not have kept scandal secret just to protect his job
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- While automakers lay off staff and shut down plants in response to the economic downturn , one automaker announced Thursday that it will open a manufacturing plant in the United States , potentially creating hundreds of jobs in the area eventually chosen . Tesla unveils its Model S sedan , with a base price of $ 57,400 . The manufacturing plant will be in California . Tesla Motors , maker of a high-end electric sports car , says it will build an all-electric sedan in Southern California . Thursday 's announcement was made in Hawthorne , California , where Tesla unveiled the Model S sedan at a base price of $ 49,900 , after a federal tax credit of $ 7,500 . That 's less than half the price of its first model , the Roadster . Started in 2003 and bankrolled by PayPal millionaire Elon Musk , Tesla has attracted investments from the Silicon Valley elite , among them Google founder Larry Page . It is widely believed that the Model S sedan will be built near the Space Exploration Technologies Corporation facility in Hawthorne . That aerospace company , more commonly known as SpaceX , was founded by Musk in 2002 . SpaceX recently won a NASA contract to deliver cargo to the international space station when the space shuttle program is retired next year . That contract , worth $ 1.6 billion , was won over such industry mainstays as Boeing and Lockheed . The promise of a high-performance , all-electric vehicle became a reality with the startup 's first model , the Tesla Roadster , a car with the look , speed and price tag -- a steep $ 109,000 and up -- that rivals other high-end , high-performance vehicles . Recently though , the economic downturn has forced Tesla to delay production of their would-be flagship Model S until 2011 . They 've also had to lay off more than 80 workers , which is about 25 percent of the company 's staff . Nonetheless , Tesla predicts it will manufacture 20,000 Model S vehicles a year . That would make it more of a mass-market vehicle than the Roadster ; only 1,200 of which are produced yearly . The company faces many challenges , the foremost of which is convincing consumers to pay almost $ 50,000 for an all-electric sedan when they could pay thousands less for another brand of upmarket sedan or a gas-electric hybrid .	Tesla says manufacturing plant will be in California ; hundreds of jobs possible The all-electric Model S sedan will go for a base price of about $ 50,000 Tesla 's challenge : Will consumers pay that much for a car in recessionary times ? The company hopes to make 20,000 Model S sedans a year
CNN  -- A Roman-era mummy was recently unearthed in a Bahariya Oasis cemetery , about 190 miles southwest of Cairo . The 3-foot-tall female mummy was discovered by Egyptian archaeologists . The figure was found covered with plaster decorated to resemble Roman dress and jewelry , said Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities in a press release Monday . In addition to the female mummy , the Supreme Council of Antiquities said archaeologists found clay and glass vessels , coins , anthropoid masks and 14 Greco-Roman tombs . Director of Cairo and Giza Antiquities Mahmoud Affifi , the archaeologist who led the dig , said the tomb has a unique design with stairways and corridors , and could date to 300 B.C. Bahariya Oasis is not new to archaeological investigations . In 1996 , a team of Egyptian archaeologists found 17 tombs and 254 mummies at the site . This most recent find came as a result of excavation work for the construction of a youth center . The Supreme Council of Antiquities has halted the construction work . Efforts Tuesday by CNN to reach the archaeologists and Zahi Hawass , secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , were unsuccessful .	A 3-foot-tall female mummy was discovered by Egyptian archaeologists The 14 Greco-Roman tombs found could date back to 300 B.C. Archaeologists also found clay , glass vessels , coins and anthropoid masks
CNN  -- Not since the Wright brothers flew the first powered aircraft near Kitty Hawk in 1903 has the competition been so intense . The technology that can give us the world 's first affordable and easily pilotable flying car is almost here . Several start-ups are already moving their prototypes forward and the race is on . But just like the early days of flight , there are several schools of thought about which model will be the most efficient , workable and worthy of being the template for the future . No need for a runway "  For me , it has to be vertical take-off and landing , " said Daniel Lubrich , the managing director of Krossblade Aerospace Systems . "  I think this idea of an aircraft you can drive on the street but you still have to find an airport for is nice , but it does n't really solve the problem . " His Arizona-based team has developed a concept for a hybrid five-seat transformer airplane called a SkyCruiser . Looking a bit like the lovechild of a futuristic light plane and the flying vehicle known as "  The Bat " from the movie "  The Dark Knight Rises " , the SkyCruiser sports foldable wings and four foldable rotors with electric motors powered by a Wankel rotary engine generator . The quadcopter concept would allow the flying car to take off vertically from a traffic jam , for instance , without the need for a runway . Once airborne , it would switch to horizontal flight , using two 150 bhp electric motors in the tail to power it through the air at more than 300 mph . The designers claim it could fly from Los Angeles to San Francisco in little more than an hour -- faster than any other drivable aircraft currently in development . On the ground , its 31-foot  9.5 meter  wingspan can be stowed , its four rotors retracted and electric motors in the wheels can drive the vehicle along the road at 75 mph  112 kph  . However , with a total length of 8.4 meters  27.5 feet  , do n't expect to park it on any city block with ease . Lubrich says he envisages the hybrid could fly almost three times faster than equivalent projects ; a necessary advantage in his native Germany , where cars can already travel as fast as 85 mph on the country 's autobahns , with some stretches even free of any speed limit . "  I think you need to fly significantly faster than that to really have an advantage , " he told CNN . "  If you only fly at 110 mph , you 're only going a little bit faster , you have to pay a lot more money in fuel and you still have to land at an airport . "  A flying car really needs to be optimized for flight -- if you have to drive a little bit it should only be a mile or two . " Currently its prototype , a model called the SkyProwler , has worked according to plan and the company says it 's only a matter of time before it can be scaled up into five-seat , fully operational flying car . Ease of control While quadcopter technology is not new , the fact that it is now computer driven has changed the aviation landscape . Lubrich explained that , unlike helicopters , quadcopters can not change the pitch of their rotors to achieve maneuverability . Instead , the four rotors make adjustments by changing the speed at which they rotate . "  The drone revolution , with its multi-rotors , has changed everything , " he said . "  The very first attempts to have vertical takeoff were not helicopters but quadcopters in the 1920s and even earlier . "  They had the problem that they did n't have computers for the flight control so the pilot had to constantly adjust for the minute differences in the composition of the rotors . They were impossible to fly . "  Now we have flight computers and they do everything wonderfully and automatically . Press up and they go up , press left and they go left -- you do n't have to worry about calibrating and controlling it . " Flying in from the East Another flying car pioneer is the Slovak company Aeromobil whose Aeromobil 3.0 flying car was unveiled in Vienna last month . Dubbed the Flying Roadster , the sporty working prototype looks like a finished production model and has a range of 430 miles  700 kilometers  and a top air speed of 124 mph  200kph  . Co-founder of the company Juraj Vaculik told CNN the quest to find a workable solution to the flying car may be in its final stages . "  This race is actually almost 100 years old , " Vaculik said . "  I love the pioneering history of aviation and the first attempt to build a flying car was in 1917 -- since then there have been plenty of others . " "  The technology now is so accessible and at such a high level . Carbon fiber materials , high-tech technologies ; 10 years ago these things were just so expensive and out of reach for small teams . " "  The quality of the autopilot systems that we were able to install in our prototype , for instance , even five years ago was just an impossible dream , " he said . While the Aeromobil needs some aviation infrastructure to operate , its makers say that it has proprietary systems which make it flexible . With variable angle of attack wings , the flying car has increased lift for takeoff and greater drag for landing . "  Europe and the United States have plenty of small airfields and sports airfields , but at the same time with this prototype you do n't need that . All we need is a 250-meter grass strip for take off and just 50 meters for landing . " Rules and regulations As with most new systems , both start-ups say the biggest hurdles are likely to be regulatory and political . In this respect , Aeromobil says the MyCopter project -- which is investigating the regulatory and logistical problems with mass air traffic -- has been invaluable for the nascent flying car industry . "  It 's similar a situation with many innovations , " he said . "  When mobile phones came in they created a completely different environment that needed new regulations and new ways of thinking . " "  What the guys in MyCopter are doing is creating the right set up for how air traffic systems could be organized . " While there 's some rivalry between the start-ups  Vaculik remains skeptical of fuel-heavy vertical take off models which he says need too much power to lift the dead weight of the vehicle  , he says it 's mostly collaboration . "  We are just so happy that we are not the only ones doing this , " he said . "  If we were , maybe people would think we were just crazy . "	The technology to give us the world 's first affordable and easily pilotable flying car is almost here Start-ups are already moving their prototypes forward but which will be the template for the future is up for grabs Krossblade Aerospace is developing a vertical take-off and landing flying car it says will carry five passengers Aeromobil from Slovakia has already produced a working prototype that was unveiled in Vienna last month
London , England  CNN  -- Chile 's president said Monday that conditions must improve in the country 's mining industry , just days after 33 miners were rescued from a collapsed mineshaft at a copper mine in the country 's remote Atacama Desert . The miners spent 69 days trapped in a shelter almost a half a mile underground before rescuers were able to reach them by drilling a hole wide enough to send a rescue capsule down . "  We can not guarantee that another accident will never occur in the future , " Chilean President Sebastian Pinera told CNN 's Connect the World during a visit to Britain to meet Queen Elizabeth II and Prime Minister David Cameron . "  But we have learned our lesson and we are revising and changing our relations , our procedures . " A dangerous life for Chilean miners He added that as a member of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development  OECD  -- a forum of nations with a focus on helping governments tackle the economic , social and governance challenges of a globalized economy -- Chile 's new rules would be compatible with international standards . "  We will make sure they are enforced in the field because that 's where it is important , " he said . "  And not only in the mining sector ; we are revising our standards in many other sectors in order to guarantee that we are doing our best in terms of protecting lives , health , and integrity of our workers . " Pinera also described how , as the eyes of the world were fixed on Chile at the start of the dramatic story , he was coming to terms with personal tragedy . As news emerged of the 33 miners trapped a half mile under Chile 's Atacama Desert when the San Jose gold and copper mine collapsed , the president 's father-in-law was gravely ill . Days and nights were passing without any indication of the state of the men but Pinera spent the night of August 21 at the hospital , at his wife 's side . His father-in-law told him : "  Do n't give up searching . It 's your responsibility . It 's your duty . " They were his last words . Pinera 's wife encouraged her husband to immediately go to the mine . Something , she said , will happen today . Pinera arrived at the mine near Copiapo to a handwritten message sent up by the miners through a probe . "  Estamos bien , " it said . We are well . Pinera carries a copy of the message in his pocket always . "  It was an explosion of joy , happiness , tears all over the country , and I think all over the world , " Pinera said Monday , recounting the mine ordeal to CNN 's Becky Anderson during a visit to the United Kingdom . It would be many weeks before a dramatic rescue would hoist all 33 miners to safety . The entire world watched , families rejoiced and Pinera emerged with a burnished image . He has been smiling in relief since last week 's rescue but on August 5 , the day the mine caved in , the burden of life for the 33 miners rested on Pinera 's shoulders . "  The private company that owns the mine was not able to undertake the search and rescue , " Pinera told CNN . "  So it was either us , the government , or nobody . " So Pinera launched a blind search , against all odds . He said he held onto "  profound conviction " and his faith in God . "  I feel that their families were so convinced that they were alive that each time I went to visit them at the mine during those 17 days of anguish , I was reinforced in our convictions that they were alive , " Pinera said . "  I had a kind of inner voice that told me , keep searching , keep searching , do n't give up . " He recalled when the energy secretary told him about three possible technologies that could be used in the rescue . Which one should they use ? Pinera 's thought was : all of them . "  The machines can fail . We can not fail , " Pinera said . Then on day number 69 , Florencio Avalos became the first miner to make the long journey upward and step out of the rescue capsule . "  I will never forget that moment , " Pinera said . "  It was so , so overwhelming . It was so impressive . " Pinera bear-hugged him . As he did all the others , all the way to number 33 , Luis Urzua , the shift foreman who chose to be the last out . Urzua told Pinera : "  I am handing the ship over to you . " Pinera replied : "  You have been a very good chief . A very good captain . Because you never abandoned your ship until all your men were safe . You were the last one . That was your duty and I 'm so proud for that . " Pinera has been credited for his leadership ; for his media savvy -- he used to own Chilevision TV -- and even for what some are calling a badly needed new image for Chile . In England , Pinera alluded to the speech delivered by Winston Churchill when he first became prime minister in 1940 . "  I have nothing to offer but blood , toil , tears and sweat , " Churchill said . "  And it was similar that we have the same motivation , faith , and commitment , " Pinera said . "  Therefore , we kept searching . "  And I think that the lessons that we can take from this accident is when a country is united and committed with faith , with hope , using the best possible technologies and the best possible human teams , we are able to achieve goals that for some people seems as impossible , " he said .	Pinera 's father-in-law 's last words were to not give up the search He died on the same day the miners were discovered Pinera says he held onto profound conviction He will never forget the moment the first miner came up
CNN  -- From a woman who sold fax machines door-to-door to being named a billionaire , Sara Blakely 's career trajectory has been anything but usual . No Ivy-League MBA in sight , Blakely has helmed Spanx , a company that produces slimming bodywear -- bras , panties and more -- to a presence in more than 50 countries and an estimated value of over $ 1 billion , according to Forbes . With product names such as "  Bra-lellulah " and headquarters complete with boudoir-like red walls , Blakely 's empire is the opposite of corporate . Even the inspiration behind her privately-held company is like no other -- her own rear . "  I just did not like the way it looked in white pants , " says Blakely . "  That moment inspired Spanx . I had been doing some soul searching and visualization of my life to create a product that I could sell to millions of people . " Spanx revenues for 2011 were estimated at just under $ 250 million , according to independent research by Forbes Magazine . The magazine also cited that four Wall Street investment banks valued the company at $ 1 billion . This year , Spanx expanded into standalone retail stores in the U.S. , opening two in November and a third in this month . What started out as a pair of pantyhose with its feet cut out in 1998 , has evolved into a diverse business that includes active wear , menswear and swimwear . In person , Blakely , 41 , is attractive , chatty and breaks out into a wide grin frequently . Shunning businesswoman power suits , she 's often spotted in a pair of jeans and cotton T-shirt , wearing her hair in hair bands . Professionally too , Spanx defies the odds . Where over 50 % of American small businesses fail in the first five years , according to figures from the U.S. Small Business Administration , Spanx , now 12 , has weathered the economic crisis and Blakely is planning further international expansion . They will begin selling in Italy in early 2013 , with plans to target Brazil , France , Eastern Europe , China , India and Russia . Read related : How Scandinavia 's ` CEO of ideas ' puts creativity into action Blakely credits her success to getting comfortable with failure and rejection early . After failing the LSAT law exam , her lifelong dream to be a lawyer was dashed . After a short stint as a ride greeter at Disney World she spent seven years selling fax machines . She describes her days as a door-to-door salesman as "  very difficult , very humbling with lots of tears . " Blakely now says she 's grateful for the great training she got from "  having doors slam in my face . " Blakely launched Spanx with just $ 5,000 and an unwavering belief the product was exactly what the world needed  she patented it almost immediately  . Then , as she faced rejection upon rejection meeting with mill-owners in North Carolina , trying to find someone who would make her girdle , she says her perseverance combined with -- wait for it -- her lack-of-experience , eventually won out . "  I used a lot of very confident , very powerful language , but I also asked for help . If you cover up your weaknesses , I think you miss opportunities for human nature to want to kick in . At the end of the day , the guy ended up just wanting to help me . He did n't even believe in the idea . " Calling on the sales skills she learned in her cold-calling days , Blakely stood in department stores every day for two years talking to customers to sell her panties . "  I learned very quickly that my biggest challenge was location of the store --  Spanx were  put in the sleepiest corner . I realized , ` This is going to come here and leave if I do n't personally intervene , even if I have to sell every pair myself . ' And that 's basically what I did . " Blakely often snuck Spanx products relegated to the back of department stores closer to checkout , and spent nights stuffing shipping orders into padded envelopes . All while continuing her day job . Read related : Should women reject Spanx ? In 2000 , just two years after launching the first rear-shaping prototype , Oprah Winfrey named Spanx her favorite product of the year . Blakely says was getting her hair highlighted when Oprah 's studio called . She remembers jumping out of the chair and running out of the salon with all the foils still in her hair "  having a full-blown happy attack -- dancing , cheering and clapping . " The unexpected publicity catapulted her to international acclaim . By 2012 , she was listed as one of Time magazine 's 100 most influential people . Fast forward to today and Blakely who is now mother to 3-year-old son , Lazer , says she balances her hectic work schedule with family life by "  prioritizing , delegating and letting go . " Her motto is : "  What if the Hokey Pokey really is what it 's all about ? " It 's painted on a wall in all her homes and she says it reminds her to take life less seriously . It also helps her overcome extreme fears like flying -- one she faces regularly as she shuttles between her base in Atlanta and New York where her husband lives . She says : "  The biggest risk in life is not risking . Every risk you take in life is in direct proportion to the reward . If I 'm afraid of something , it 's the next thing I have to go do . That 's just the way I 've been . " Read related : Top designer shares secret of staying in vogue Now , her main professional focus is "  world butt domination through Spanx or Assets "  a cheaper line  . Already , over six million women wear the Spanx Power Panty , according to the company . She 's also continuing to create new products -- "  the competition is watching us so closely " -- while dedicating resources to empowering women . The Sara Blakely Foundation has donated over $ 20 million to charity . Blakely owns 100 % of the business and says she has no plans to take the company public in the near future . Instead , she 'd rather spend resources developing a product to fill another gap in the market . "  Before I retire , I want to make a comfortable high heel . I do n't subscribe to the beauty is pain philosophy . " It might sound like a tall order , but for the Florida girl with no formal business qualifications who now shapes rears internationally , it might not be impossible .	Sara Blakely is the founder of Spanx , a hosiery company present in 50 countries Her business idea was sparked in 1998 from "  the way her butt looked in white pants " Blakely was crowned America 's youngest self-made female billionaire by Forbes magazine She attributes her success to extraordinary perseverance , salesmanship and risk-taking
Former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky routinely had a then-teenage boy perform oral sex on him while the two showered together on the school 's campus and elsewhere , the alleged victim testified Monday . "  It would have to be 40 times , at least , " said the now 28-year-old man , adding that the abuse started when he was 14 . Known in court documents as Victim 4 , he was the first person to testify at Sandusky 's trial in Pennsylvania . The Nittany Lions ' longtime defensive coordinator faces 52 charges tied to what prosecutors say was his systemic abuse of at least 10 boys over a span of 15 years . The 68-year-old defendant was under house arrest prior to his trial , which is expected to continue for about three weeks . Like many alleged victims , the man on the stand Monday met Sandusky through Second Mile , the nonprofit group the ex-coach founded . He described growing up without parental oversight before Sandusky took to him -- playings sports with him ; paying for uniforms , a snowboard and other items , taking him to Penn State games and doing other special things . Victim 4 said Sandusky also drove him to buy marijuana once when he was 15 or 16 , and had bought him cartons of cigarettes . Despite what he described as systemic sexual abuse by Sandusky , the witness said he was "  scared " and reluctant to tell anyone about it , including peers who admired him for seemingly being well connected with Penn State 's football program . "  I did n't want to lose the good things I had , " he said . "  I kind of looked at Jerry as a father figure , and he was nice to me except for those other instances ... and I feel cool  because  I 'm getting nice things out of it . " Victim 4 said he initially refused to talk to police after reports surfaced Sandusky was being investigated , adding the grand jury was the first to hear his full story . "  I 've spent so many years burying this in the back of my head ... but then I found out this happened over and over and over again , forever , " he testified . "  And I feel if I had just said something back then , this would n't have happened to  others  . So I feel responsible . " While Sandusky said he wanted him to succeed and was nice to him in public , Victim 4 says their relationship was different in private . "  He treated me like a son in front of other people . Outside of that , he 's treating me like his girlfriend , " he said , noting Sandusky 's habit of putting his hand on the then-teen 's thighs when they drove in a car together . All about the allegations , how case unraveled Besides the alleged oral sex , Victim 4 detailed other instances of alleged abuse , including Sandusky trying to penetrate him in the shower , caressing him and "  kissing ... my thighs . " This allegedly took place in athletic buildings on Penn State 's campus , as well as the Toftrees Golf Resort and hotels -- including on trips to Florida and Texas to watch the Nittany Lions play at the Outback and Alamo Bowl , respectively -- Victim 4 testified . He described staying in a hotel with Sandusky and his wife on the road to attend one such bowl game , and being in the bathroom getting ready to take a shower when Sandusky walked in . "  He came in and was basically doing the caressing on me , ... and then started to push down on me , to motion me to go down there , " the witness testified . "  And he said , ` You do n't want to go back to Snow Shoe , do you ? " referring to the Pennsylvania community where the then-teenager was living . This incident ended , Victim 4 testified , when Sandusky 's wife called out , "  Jerry , ... what are you doing in there ? " at which point the alleged victim said he "  jumped in the shower and locked the door . " Jurors were shown excerpts of letters Victim 4 said Sandusky wrote to him . In one , he writes , "  I know that I have made my share of mistakes . ... My wish is that you care and have love in your heart . Love never ends . It bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things . " Defense attorneys had filed a motion earlier Monday seeking to keep out testimony involving prosecutors ' allegations Sandusky exhibited "  grooming behavior , " including the letters to Victim 4 . The lawyers said they intend to offer expert testimony from a psychologist who "  will explain that the words , tones , requests and statements made in the letters are consistent with a person who suffers from a Histrionic Personality Disorder , " according to documents . According to the National Institutes of Health , those with histrionic personality disorder "  act in a very emotional and dramatic way that draws attention to themselves . " "  The goal of a person suffering from this disorder in writing those letters would not necessarily be to groom or sexually consummate a relationship in a criminal manner , but rather to satisfy the needs of a psyche belabored by the needs of such a disorder , " the defense lawyers write in their motion . In opening statements , defense lawyer Joe Amendola suggested his client would take the stand . Sandusky would admit , he said , that he routinely "  got showers with kids " after working out . Sandusky has always maintained his innocence , Amendola said , claiming his client 's alleged victims had changed their stories and were questioned until authorities received the answers they wanted . "  A lot of people lied , " Amendola said . Some of the alleged victims have civil attorneys , he noted , calling that unusual . Others , he said , have a financial interest in the case . "  One of the keys to this case , one of the keys to your perception ... is to wait until all the evidence is in , " Amendola told jurors . "  Some of it will be graphic ... it 's going to be awful . But that does n't make it true . " However , he said Mike McQueary , a former graduate student who said he saw what appeared to be Sandusky sexually assaulting a boy in a shower in Penn State 's athletic facilities in 2002 , did not necessarily lie . McQueary has said he assumed sex was occurring even though he did not see the actual act , Amendola said . Tom Kline , an attorney for Victim 5 , told reporters later that his client had no financial interest and "  never sought this out , " but considers it "  an obligation of citizenship " to testify . And Victim 4 said he 's never talked with his lawyer -- whom he said he has n't paid "  a dime " -- about being part of any civil lawsuit against Sandusky . Amendola told jurors former Second Mile children will testify that Sandusky affected their lives in a positive way , and he later showed letters to Victim 4 in which the ex-coach wrote "  I 'm proud of you and really care . " The defense lawyer also questioned some alleged victims ' behavior , like the one who went to a football game with Sandusky prior to his arrest . Victim 4 brought his girlfriend and baby over to meet Sandusky "  like he was bringing his family to meet his father , " said the lawyer . The alleged victim admitted Monday to visiting Sandusky about two years ago , so his girlfriend -- who was suspicious about the past between the two -- "  could see that everything was normal . " "  But that backfired because the whole time we were there ,  Sandusky  only wanted to be with me and was sort of rubbing my shoulders . So  my girlfriend  knew , " he testified . The prosecution presented its opening statements first , during which childhood pictures of eight of the 10 alleged victims were shown on a projector screen . Prosecutor Joseph McGettigan described the extent of each victim 's contact with Sandusky . "  You 'll hear about systematic behavior by a serial predator . These were experiences that took place not over days , not over weeks , not over months ... but over years , " McGettigan said . Feelings of humiliation , shame and fear led to "  years of silence " on the part of accusers , the prosecutor said . He reminded jurors that Sandusky , not Second Mile or Penn State , was on trial . But , McGettigan said , Second Mile represented "  the perfect environment for a serial predator . " In interviews after his arrest , Sandusky acknowledged showering and "  horsing around " with boys , but denied being sexually attracted to them . McGettigan referred to those interviews during his opening statement , saying , "  Deny what you can ... and make an excuse . " A jury of five men and seven women , along with four alternates , was selected last week . Half of the 16 jurors and alternates have ties to Penn State , including one retired professor and one current professor , three graduates , two employees and one current student , showing the prominence of the university in the local community . The case has raised questions about Penn State 's response to allegations , with some claiming the school put its reputation ahead of protecting potential child victims . University President Graham Spanier and iconic head football coach Joe Paterno lost their jobs soon after Sandusky 's arrest amid criticism they did n't handle the matter appropriately . Paterno died of complications from lung cancer in January . Opinion : Jerry 's got a jury of his peers -- HLN McQueary , the former graduate student who became a coach , is considered a key witness . He said he alerted Paterno in 2002 that he 'd seen what appeared to be Sandusky sexually assaulting a boy , an allegation authorities did n't learn of until years later . Paterno apparently told Athletic Director Tim Curley , but no one notified police . Curley and Gary Schultz , Penn State 's senior vice president for finance and business , are now facing felony charges of perjury and failing to report the allegations to authorities . Both of them pleaded not guilty . On Monday , defense attorneys requested that the grand jury testimony of Curley , Schultz and Spanier be admitted into evidence , saying they anticipate the three would invoke their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination if called to testify . The defense also asked that if prosecutors attempt to enter portions of Sandusky 's autobiography , "  Touched , " into evidence , the entire text be admitted . Defense attorneys said they fear prosecutors may use "  select snippets " to mischaracterize Sandusky 's "  motivations , purposes and actions . "	Victim 4 says Sandusky treated him "  like his girlfriend " in private He says he 's never paid his lawyer or talked about joining a civil lawsuit He describes alleged assaults on Penn State 's campus , in hotels and elsewhere The defense questions the motives of the alleged victims
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Washington police told the mother of slain congressional intern Chandra Levy that an arrest is imminent in her daughter 's 2001 death , Susan Levy told CNN on Saturday . Washington intern Chandra Levy 's body was found a year after she disappeared in 2001 . "  I got a call from the Washington police department , just to give me a heads up that there 's a warrant out for the arrest , " Levy said . Police Chief Cathy Lanier of the Metropolitan Police Department did not reveal the suspect 's name when she contacted the parents on Friday , Levy said . She said police told her they have "  enough evidence to convict somebody . " A source close to the investigation told CNN the suspect was Ingmar Guandique , who is serving a 10-year prison sentence for two assaults in Washington 's Rock Creek Park that occurred around the time of Levy 's disappearance . Levy 's remains were found in the park . View a timeline of her disappearance " The source would not speak on the record because the investigation is ongoing and the arrest warrant had not been finalized . A California native working as an intern for the Federal Bureau of Prisons , Levy , 24 , disappeared May 1 , 2001 . Her remains were found in May 2002 by a man walking his dog in a remote area of the park . The source said authorities are working to finalize the arrest warrant . Asked about reports that Guandique , a laborer from El Salvador , told a fellow inmate he killed Levy , the source said Guandique "  was running his mouth . " Guandique has been imprisoned at the Federal Correctional Institution - Victorville , a medium-security facility north of San Bernardino , California , an official there confirmed to CNN on Saturday . Watch CNN 's Mike Brooks discuss Guandique 's background " He has denied any involvement in her death , the Washington Post reported Saturday . Guandique was mentioned last year in a Washington Post article about the killing . "  It 's a bittersweet situation for me as the mother of a daughter who is no longer here . I want justice . I want to know that the person who did it is in jail and will not do it to anybody else , " Levy said . "  Every day the elephant is there . Every day you get a knot in your stomach . It does n't go away . It 's a life sentence for the families and relatives that miss their loved ones . We have a life sentence of hurt . " Referring to the impending arrest , Chandra 's father told CNN affiliate KXTV that Lanier did n't say when an announcement would be made , but "  she said it would be really soon . " "  She did n't say the name yet , but we think we know who it is . I do n't want to say until it 's official , though , " the father said . The search for Levy and massive publicity that accompanied it stemmed largely from her connection to Rep. Gary Condit , D-California . Condit and Levy , who was from Condit 's district , had an affair , and police questioned Condit many times in connection with her disappearance . Police never named Condit as a suspect . Condit , a member of Congress since 1989 , lost the 2002 Democratic primary and left office at the end of his term . He later reportedly moved to Arizona . "  For the Levy family , we are glad they are finally getting the answers they deserve . For my family , I am glad that their years of standing together in the face of such adversity have finally led to the truth , " Condit told WJLA on Saturday . Condit 's lawyer , Abbe Lowell , blamed police and media attention on Condit for delays in the arrest . Police never named him as a suspect . "  It is a tragedy that the police and media obsession with former Congressman Condit delayed this result for eight years , and caused needless pain and harm to the families involved , " Lowell said . "  This should give the Levys the answer and closure they deserve , and remove the unfair cloud that has hung over the Condits for too long . " CNN 's Carol Cratty , Karen Zuker , Justine Redman and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Chandra Levy 's death is a "  life sentence " for family , Susan Levy says Source tells CNN that inmate Ingmar Guandique "  was running his mouth " in prison Guandique is serving time for attacks in park where Chandra Levy 's remains found Chandra Levy went missing May 1 , 2001 ; her remains were found May 22 , 2002
Washington  CNN  -- The first day of business of President Barack Obama 's second term began with a prayer service Tuesday , but it will take more than spiritual guidance to change the divisive culture of Washington politics . Conservative critics of the president wasted no time ripping into an inaugural address laden with progressive themes such as climate change , gun control , gay rights and immigration reform . More specifically , they targeted the president 's vigorous defense of costly but popular entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . "  One thing that is pretty clear from the president 's speech yesterday -- the era of liberalism is back , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  An unabashedly , far left-of-center inauguration speech certainly brings back memories of the Democratic Party of ages past . " If Obama "  pursues that kind of agenda , obviously it is not designed to bring us together and certainly not designed to deal with the transcendent issue of our era , which is deficit and debt . Until we fix that problem , we ca n't fix America . " Obama 's inaugural address "  was trying basically to throw a bone to every left-wing activist group he could , " said Rep. Dave Schweikert , R-Arizona . Back at work , Republicans assess Obama 's address Americans for Prosperity , a conservative group that focuses on fiscal policy , labeled Obama 's speech "  harshly ideological " and akin to "  a liberal laundry list . " The group will "  be in the vanguard of the effort to oppose the president 's big government policies , " its president , Tim Phillips , said in a statement Monday . In his inaugural address , Obama insisted that programs such as Social Security and Medicare -- long targets of conservatives seeking to cut the size of government -- remain vital to the maintenance of America 's safety net for the elderly , poor and disabled . Second-term priorities "  We , the people , understand that our country can not succeed when a shrinking few do very well and a growing many barely make it , " Obama declared , adding that tough decisions on how to address the nation 's chronic federal deficits and debt must avoid choosing between "  caring for the generation that built this country and investing in the generation that will build its future . " While some Republicans sounded less combative , they said they were nevertheless disappointed by the president 's inaugural remarks . Obama "  could have found some way to be more constructive , " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , told CNN . "  I think he should have done more to say there 's honest disagreement " instead of characterizing the debate as "  the voice of reason on his side " and "  shrill cries on the other side . " King acknowledged that some on the right "  are never going to agree " with Obama but insisted the president needs to indicate a willingness to compromise with the GOP to make progress on the major issues facing the country . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , told CNN on Monday that while "  there are plenty of areas of disagreement ... there also are some things fundamentally we agree on , and that is this country is one of opportunity . " Marine Band : Beyonce lip-synched Differences involve "  the way we get there to help everybody , " Cantor said , adding that "  hopefully , we can bridge those differences . " The Republican response reflected in part a continuing split between conservatives resisting concessions to the president and GOP moderates trying to buff up the party 's tarnished reputation in light of a growing public perception of congressional dysfunction . A House vote set for Wednesday on suspending the federal debt ceiling for three months will provide the first test of GOP resolve . The measure represents the latest in a series of Republican concessions on spending and debt issues , with House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and his leadership team proposing the debt ceiling increase without any spending cuts they had previously demanded to offset the cost . In return , they demand that the Democratic-controlled Senate pass a budget for the first time in four years , which would provide a platform for a detailed congressional debate on spending . Otherwise , the measure calls for legislators to forgo their salaries until they complete a spending plan . Granderson : Obama 's rallying cry Boehner told House Republicans in a meeting Tuesday afternoon that passing a short-term debt ceiling suspension "  buys time for the House and Senate both to pass a budget , " according to a GOP source at the gathering . The source noted that former vice presidential nominee and House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , will work with House GOP leaders to draft a budget by an April 15 deadline . The budget would place federal spending on a trajectory to eliminate the deficit within 10 years , a goal shared by the speaker . "  It 's time for the Senate to act , " Boehner told reporters after the GOP meeting . "  You ca n't continue to spend money you do n't have . " Obama , who rejects any negotiations over the debt ceiling , has welcomed the House plan as a step forward because it prevents immediate brinksmanship over whether the government will meet its financial obligations . A political battle over raising the debt ceiling in 2011 contributed to the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating . Four of your top second-term priorities The White House Office of Management and Budget released a statement Tuesday afternoon noting that while "  the administration supports a long-term increase in the debt limit that would increase certainty and economic stability , ... the administration would not oppose a short-term solution to the debt limit . " The White House "  looks forward to continuing to work with both the House and the Senate to increase certainty and stability for the economy , " the statement concluded . However , some conservative House Republicans oppose Boehner 's debt ceiling measure , setting up a possible repeat of previous votes in which the speaker failed to get enough support from his GOP conference to push through a bill . What else could Washington waste four years doing ? "  I think it 's a terrible idea , " Rep. Tom McClintock , R-California , told Fox Business Network on Monday , arguing the plan "  gives the most spendthrift administration in this country 's history literally an open credit card to borrow as much as they can . " Rep. Louie Gohmert , R-Texas , also disagreed with giving up the leverage of the debt ceiling without any guaranteed spending cuts in return . "  At some point , we have got to use the leverage we have to bring this spending down and to actually make the president do what he said in his speech , " Gohmert told FBN . In addition , Gohmert complained that Boehner 's plan essentially gives the "  millionaires club " in the Senate the power to determine whether he and other House members who need their congressional salaries will get paid . At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney called the House GOP plan "  a welcome thing " and rejected accusations that Obama 's address Monday amounted to liberal ideology . "  He focuses on the fact that we are Americans first , and I hardly thing the pursuit of equal rights , pursuit of comprehensive immigration reform , pursuit of sensible policies that deal with climate change and enhance our energy independence are ideological , " Carney said Tuesday . In the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid outlined an agenda that closely conformed to the priorities of the president 's inaugural address the day before . NRA chief : Obama makes ` mockery ' of American freedoms "  The last Congress was too often characterized by sharp political divides -- divides that hampered efforts to foster success for all Americans , " the Nevada Democrat said , telling his colleagues that "  it is possible to hold fast to your principles while making the compromises necessary to move our country forward . " At the same time , Reid said Senate Democrats "  will stand strong -- strong -- for the standard of balance , and we will remain resolute -- resolute -- in the pursuit of fairness for all Americans , regardless of where they were born or the color of their skin , regardless of the size of their bank accounts , regardless of their religion or their sexual orientation . " McConnell also called for compromise but said it was Democrats who must be willing to meet in the middle . "  Over the past four years , while the president focused on re-election and too many Senate Democrats focused on avoiding tough decisions , the debt grew by more than $ 6 trillion , " McConnell said . "  In short , Democrats have put off all the hard stuff until now . And our problems have only gotten worse . But that was the first term . " Saying "  a lot of Democrats are afraid of a process that exposes their priorities , particularly on spending and debt , " McConnell made clear that Republicans reject any further increases in tax revenue after the fiscal cliff deal at the end of the last Congress that raised rates on top income earners . "  Since the revenue question has been settled , " he said , "  I 'm sure the American people are eager to see what other ideas Democrats might have to bring down our ruinous deficits . " CNN Poll : Do Americans agree with Obama on climate change and immigration ? CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	House GOP leaders pushing 10-year plan to balance budget Conservatives criticize progressive themes in President Obama 's inaugural address The House will vote Wednesday on a plan to spark budget negotiations Some House Republicans oppose leadership 's plan to suspend debt ceiling
Istanbul  CNN  -- A single man stood silently in Istanbul 's Taksim Square for hours Monday night , defying police who broke up weekend anti-government protests with tear gas and water cannon and drawing hundreds of others to his vigil . For more than five hours , he appeared to stare at a portrait of Kemal Ataturk , the founder of the modern Turkish state . Police eventually moved in to arrest many of those who joined him , but whether Erdem Gunduz -- a performance artist quickly dubbed the "  standing man " -- was in custody was unclear early Tuesday . Turkey has been wracked by more than two weeks of protests against the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . But many of those who joined Gunduz late Monday said they were standing only for peace , not taking sides . Monday 's hushed tableau came two days after police swept into Taksim Square and neighboring Gezi Park to clear out anti-Erdogan protesters . The demonstrators tried to return to the park on Sunday , only to be driven back by police . Trade unions put fresh pressure on Erdogan earlier Monday , mounting a nationwide strike . But a crowd that marched on Taksim Square dispersed when faced with riot squads backed by water cannon . The protests started at the end of May over authorities ' plans to turn Gezi Park , central Istanbul 's last green space , into a mall . They quickly turned into large anti-government demonstrations that included calls for political reforms . ` There is a level of desperation ' While the protests are unlikely to threaten the rule of Erdogan , who has been one of Turkey 's most popular leaders and is credited with overseeing a decade of economic growth , they are raising questions about what critics say is an increasingly authoritarian style of governing . iReport : Wedding in the midst of teargas Some groups of demonstrators have shifted to protesting in their local neighborhoods in the city , putting up barricades . Meanwhile , the atmosphere in confrontations between police and protesters is turning uglier . "  Now it feels like there is a level of desperation , " said Clare Murray , who was vacationing in Istanbul from New York for the past week . "  The police seem more comfortable with using aggression . " Since Saturday night , 116 people have been detained during protests in Ankara and 242 people have been detained in Istanbul demonstrations , said Huseyin Aslan , general secretary of the Progressive Lawyers Association . Erdogan remains defiant , accusing outsiders of taking advantage of the protests over the park . On Sunday , thousands of his supporters gathered at a rally a few miles from Taksim Square , waving flags and singing songs at a rally that was widely viewed as a re-election rally for the prime minister . Erdogan sought to contrast his supporters with the protesters . "  Hundreds of thousands in here are not like the vandals with petrol-bombs in their hands , " he said . One-day strike After the weekend tumult , the trade unions added their clout to the demonstrations with their one-day strike . The unions involved have hundreds of thousands of members across sectors that include public services and utilities such as electricity and water supply . They do n't , however , have enough members to shut those industries down altogether . Under the Erdogan government , Turkish workers have been "  domesticated like animals by being kept hungry , " one worker at a union office in Istanbul said . "  Gezi Park made us realize we are not animals in a herd ; we are individuals , " said the worker , who did n't provide his name . The previous strike during the anti-government demonstrations took place near the start of this month . Erdogan complained Saturday that demonstrators were not meeting him halfway . "  We have reached out with our hands , " he said . "  However , some people returned their fists in response . Can you shake hands with those who reach out with a fist ? " He also ridiculed the protesters ' assertions that they are environmentalists , calling them "  thugs " and citing their honking of horns as evidence of "  noise pollution . " And he accused demonstrators of inciting sectarian violence by attacking a woman in a headscarf , kicking her , dragging her on the ground and snatching her head cover . Erdogan praised his government 's performance over the past 10 years , citing a rising standard of living , a quintupling of the central bank 's reserves and plans to build an airport . Root of protests The unrest began in Istanbul roughly three weeks ago , when a small group of people turned out to protest government plans to bulldoze Gezi Park and replace it with a shopping mall housed inside a replica of 19th century Ottoman barracks . Protesters said the plans represented a creeping infringement on their rights in a secular society . Turkey was founded after secularists defeated Islamic Ottoman forces in the early 20th century , and many modern-day secularists frown on Ottoman symbols . The protests broadened into an outpouring in the square and throughout the country as security forces cracked down on demonstrators . The unrest also brought political risks for Erdogan , a populist and democratically elected politician serving his third term in office . Journalist Karl Penhaul and CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul , and journalist Ian Lee reported from Ankara . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Arwa Damon and Joe Duran in Istanbul and Antonia Mortensen in Ankara contributed to this report .	NEW : ` Standing man ' inspires new protests in Taksim Square Trade union blocs hold a nationwide strike Police and protesters have clashed repeatedly in various cities for weeks Prime Minister Erdogan has remained defiant , and his supporters have rallied
CNN  -- An Indiana woman shot her three children and set the family 's house on fire before turning the gun on herself , police said . The bodies of the four were discovered Friday , when police in Austin , Indiana , responded to the home to conduct a welfare check . "  Upon arriving , the officer had to make a forced entry into the residence , " Indiana State Police said Monday in a statement . "  Once in the residence , he saw parts of the home had suffered recent fire damage and also located four deceased persons in the home . " The state police assisted with the investigation , which preliminarily concluded that 30-year-old Amanda Bennett shot the children -- 14-year-old Jasmine Abbott , 9-year-old Katelynn Bennett and 4-year-old Ryan Bennett -- before starting the fire and shooting herself . "  While the investigation remains open until autopsy reports are finalized , indications are this case is a tragic case of murder/suicide that claimed three innocent lives along with the suspect of the murders , Amanda Bennett , " the police statement said . All four apparently died from gunshot wounds to the head . Amanda Bennett and Katelynn Bennett also suffered smoke inhalation , police said . The family 's dog was also shot , but survived and was being treated at a veterinary clinic , authorities said . Jasmine , the teenager , had made references to marital problems between her parents and a possible divorce , friend Karen Barrett told CNN affiliate WDRB . Indiana State Police spokesman Sgt. Jerry Goodin told CNN that authorities examined online content as part of their investigation , including a posting purportedly from Amanda Bennett that blamed her husband , according to WDRB , saying , "  You got what you wanted , no wife and no kids . " However , the reasons for the shootings remain unclear , Goodin said . "  The only person that knows the motive is Amanda , " he said . Austin is about 35 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Mother , three children died from gunshot wounds to the head Authorities believe mother Amanda Bennett set fire to the home Bennett was believed to have written an online post blaming her husband
CNN  -- If ethical shopping has a star , it 's Danny Seo , the celebrity eco-stylist who champions green consumerism from the pages of Organic Style magazine , where he 's editor-at-large , as well as his books and TV appearances . Danny 's way : Promoting a green lifestlye as fun and accessible for all . He 's helped many of Hollywood 's big hitters become more green , and been dubbed "  the new Martha Stewart " for his enthusiasm , positivity and his practical approach to making our lives more environmentally friendly . "  Think big , " he advises . "  Do n't worry over the small things . If you drive a lot , invest in a hybrid . If you 're renovating a house , invest in a super-efficient heating and cooling system . New floors ? Think recycled nylon carpets made from old carpets  like Shaw flooring 's Anso Nylon material  . One big statement really counts . " He believes that being green does n't have to be hard work and that we can all make a difference , while living stylish , comfortable lives . He should know . Danny 's eco credentials were there from the start -- he was actually born on Earth Day  April 22  -- and he started trying to change the world at a prodigiously early age . He started an environmental group when he was 12 , which grew into a national organization . He wrote his first book at 19 . When reporters from the Washington Post were interviewing him about another topic and noticed his well-decorated eco apartment , suddenly he became a green lifestyle expert . But while he does n't believe we need to give up shopping to save the planet -- far from it , that new flat screen TV you crave might actually use less energy than the tube version you already have -- he does believe that we should change the way we shop . "  We should be thoughtful consumers , " says Danny . "  At the end of the day , we need things in our everyday life : groceries , clothes , cleaning products , transportation . I think we need to stop shopping as a weekend activity or as something to do when ` bored . ' Instead , making purchases when you need to can lead to a more responsible form of shopping . "  If a refrigerator breaks and you ca n't repair it , then do n't you need to buy a new one ? Why not get the most energy efficient model you can find ... that 's a win-win scenario . " The cheaper and better option Despite the upscale image of many stylish , environmentally-friendly products - and the perceived high cost of organic food -- Danny firmly believes that going eco does n't have to be expensive . "  A Stella McCartney organic cotton T-shirt . Yes , it will be expensive , " he says . "  But Stella McCartney has always been expensive . A JCPenney organic cotton T-shirt can also be bought for just $ 15 . It all depends where you shop . "  For people who complain that hybrid cars are too expensive , why not look at used cars ? I found a Toyota Prius with only 10,000 miles on it for about 40 percent off the sticker price . Not bad . " Because green issues are becoming much more a part of the public consciousness , big brands are "  greening " their products and eco choices are becoming much more widely available - making it much easier for ordinary consumers to make the switch . "  About ten years ago , it was tough , " he says . "  You had to order your recycled paper toilet paper via catalogue ! Today , it 's a lot easier to find everyday green products in stores all over the country . There 's a huge demand for quality , well-made , stylish eco-friendly products . My work with JCPenney proves that going green has gone to the mainstream . "  You can buy Method non-toxic cleaning products in stores like Target , Duane Reade and even Staples stores . And all the mainstream grocery store chains carry a wide variety of organic foods ... even generic food has gone organic ! " All of which means we are seeing a new generation of ecologically-aware shoppers . But they are not , as you might imagine , the young , early adopters . "  I get emails everyday from people asking , ` where can I find a green version of this or that . ' And it 's from people you 'd never expect : My parents ' generation . "  When I saw a Method hand soap sitting on my parents ' kitchen counter , I knew things have changed . " For Danny , the key to successfully moving what was a marginal concern into the mainstream is showing people that the less polluting , less wasteful option does n't have to be a pious choice -- it can actually be easier , cheaper and just as stylish as well . "  In my world , I do it with beautiful photos , inspiring text , and how-to information , " he says . "  My books are full-color , gorgeous and fun . My TV segments are instructional , but solutions-oriented ... not gloom and doom . And I make it easy with online resources , simple web clicks and right-to-the-point answers . No wasted time ! "	Danny Seo has been called the ` new Martha Stewart " for the green generation Upbeat and practical advice has been taken by Hollywood stars ` Think big ' is his advice as going green can also be a cheaper and better option
New York  CNN  -- George Washington 's personal copy of the U.S. Constitution and a draft of the Bill of Rights sold Friday at Christie 's for a whopping $ 9.8 million . Ann Bookout , regent of the board of the Mount Vernon Ladies ' Association , won the bid . "  This is our mission to bring home all things Washington , " Bookout said . "  We want people to know that Mount Vernon is the home of where these wonderful treasures should belong . " The 1789 annotated volume , titled "  Acts of Congress , " will be displayed in the Fred W. Smith National Library for the Study of George Washington , which opens in 2013 at Mount Vernon . The near-pristine artifacts were printed and bound for Washington in his first year in office as president of the United States . "  There 's no question in my mind that this book is one of the most important pieces of Americana to come to the market in decades , " said Chris Coover , senior specialist for books and manuscripts at Christie 's . Washington 's book has not been available since 1964 . The item had a presale estimate of between $ 2 million and $ 3 million . However , it was the final auctioned item of the day and launched a heated bidding war between two seated participants , Bookout and an unknown bidder . "  It was thrilling , " Bookout said , "  but I had a quiet resolve with the support of the ladies who are on the board that we were determined to bring it home . " This copy of the Acts of Congress stayed in the library at Mount Vernon after Washington 's death in 1799 . In 1876 , many of his books , including this volume , were auctioned off . Washington 's notes and brackets line the margins of the Constitution . On the title page is his signature . On the marbled end paper is his personal bookplate , engraved with his motto , Exitus acta probat  the end justifies the means  . "  It has such resonance of Washington the man , " Coover said . "  It was sort of a way of reminding himself what the responsibilities and duties of the president were . You ca n't get more evocative than that . "	Volume includes copy of Constitution , draft of Bill of Rights Washington was given the papers in 1789 Auctioned book will be displayed at Mount Vernon
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The head of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , expressed regret Monday after more than two dozen civilians were killed in a NATO airstrike . Twenty-seven civilians died and 14 others were wounded in the incident Sunday in the central Daikondi province , according to the Afghan Interior Ministry . Ground forces at the scene found women and children among the casualties , the Afghan government and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  said in a joint statement . The U.S military told CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr they "  accept " the Afghan government 's death toll . ISAF said it had ordered an immediate investigation into the incident , while the Afghan cabinet called the attack "  unjustifiable . " "  We are extremely saddened by the tragic loss of innocent lives , " said McChrystal , who spoke to President Hamid Karzai Sunday evening to express his sorrow and regret over the incident . "  I have made it clear to our forces that we are here to protect the Afghan people , and inadvertently killing or injuring civilians undermines their trust and confidence in our mission . We will re-double our efforts to regain that trust . " Commanders ordered the daylight NATO airstrike because they had specific intelligence that a group of Taliban in vehicles was heading towards coalition forces on the ground , according to a senior U.S. military official . "  Air assets picked up the movement of the vehicles and after an extensive overhead monitoring , the ground force commander ordered the strike , " said the official , who declined to be identified because of ongoing investigations . The source would not discuss what activities the convoy took that led to suspicions it contained insurgents other than its location . The convoy of three vehicles was traveling to Kandahar province when it was struck , said Zemeri Bashary , the spokesman for the interior ministry . NATO confirmed its forces fired on the vehicles , believing that they were carrying insurgents . In a statement published in Pashtun and Dari , the Afghan cabinet said it condemned "  the repeated killing of civilians by NATO . " An English version of the statement did not include that sentence . Civilian casualties at the hands of U.S. and NATO troops have strained relations between Afghanistan and the United States . In the last two weeks alone , more than 50 Afghan civilians are believed to have been killed in more than half a dozen U.S. and NATO military operations . The coalition is also investigating reports that several Afghan policemen were accidentally killed in an airstrike in eastern Afghanistan on February 18 . McChrystal has made avoiding civilian casualties a top priority , and he has apologized to the Afghan government for recent incidents . The numbers have dropped in recent months since McChrystal took over as U.S. commander . The U.S. military official said McChrystal is updating a directive issued to troops last summer aimed at reducing civilian casualties . The official said the intent now is to "  make it more precise and understandable by the most junior member of the force . " Some forces have complained the directive has led to overly restrictive rules on conducting operations . Meanwhile , an influential Afghan tribal leader was among 14 people killed in a suicide attack on a meeting of tribal elders on Monday in Nangarhar province 's Khogyani district , Afghan police said according to Agence France-Presse . Haji Zaman Ghamsharik was credited with bringing relative stability to Nangarhar compared to other provinces in Afghanistan 's volatile eastern border region . Elsewhere , an insurgent rocket struck a car in Kapisa province Monday and killed one civilian , officials said . Five others were wounded in the attack . Earlier , Afghan officials had blamed the attack on a NATO ground-to-ground missile but later corrected the account . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report	U.S. commander in Afghanistan expresses regret over NATO airstrike Gen. McChrystal says "  extremely saddened by tragic loss of innocent lives " 27 civilians died , 14 wounded in attack , Afghan Interior Ministry says Afghanistan calls attack "  unjustifiable " ; ISAF launches investigation
CNN  -- Four of Paraguay 's neighbors said Sunday they are pulling their ambassadors from the country in the wake of the impeachment of Paraguay 's president . Chile and Venezuela recalled the ambassadors hours after Brazil and Uruguay -- two of Paraguay 's most important neighbors -- did the same . Argentina recalled its ambassador on Saturday . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez also said his country is halting all shipments to Paraguay . Brazil 's foreign ministry said the action was due to the "  breakdown of democracy " in Paraguay , and vowed to take up the impeachment with the regional blocs MERCOSUR and UNASUR . The moves follow the lightning-quick removal from office of President Fernando Lugo on Friday . The impeachment procedures appear to have been carried out in accordance with the Paraguayan constitution , but some Latin American presidents call it a coup d'etat and refuse to recognize the new president , Federico Franco . Lugo went from president to disgraced leader in less than 48 hours . The former Catholic bishop was unpopular with lawmakers , and many had concerns about his credibility after he he admitted to fathering at least two children while still in the priesthood . In all , four women claim they had babies by Lugo while he was bishop . But nine days ago , there was no reason to believe that Lugo would find himself out of a job before his term ended in August 2013 . Then Paraguay impeached its president so fast that its neighbors needed a few days to figure out how to react . By Sunday , Brazil and Uruguay were expressing deep concerns . Brazil 's foreign ministry condemned the president 's removal and Uruguay 's president said it was n't in line with democratic practices . Paraguay swears in new leader after impeachment There had been calls in the past for the impeachment of Lugo , but the scandals did not rock his position too much . That changed on June 15 , when police and landless peasants clashed in eastern Paraguay , resulting in 17 deaths . Peasants fired on police who were trying to evict them from private property , initiating the deadly confrontation , local authorities and state-run media said . The violence occurred in Curuguaty , a remote community about 240 kilometers  150 miles  northeast of the Paraguayan capital , Asuncion , near the Brazilian border . In response to the incident , Lugo replaced his national police chief and interior minister . The country 's liberal party , which backed Lugo , were incensed to learn that the new minister was from another party . As the outcry over the deadly clash continued , the liberal party announced Thursday that it was withdrawing its support of Lugo , and an impeachment vote was heard in the lower chamber of congress that day . The vote in favor of impeachment was 76-1 . The next day , Lugo 's defense team had two hours to defend Lugo from what it call vague charges of incompetence . The Senate impeached the president in a 39-4 vote . That was it . Lugo said Paraguayan history and democracy had been "  deeply wounded . " The presidents of Venezuela , Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador and the Dominican Republic said they will not recognize Franco 's administration . Mexico 's foreign ministry and Venezuela 's Chavez said the speed in which Lugo was removed did n't give him time to mount a proper defense . Franco reiterated that the impeachment happened within the parameters of the constitution , and pointed to the large margins by which Lugo was voted out of office . "  It means that here we have a unanimous position . The Paraguayan people , I think , are satisfied with this decision , " he said . Despite the cold shoulder from neighboring countries , Franco said he will reach out and explain the legality of Lugo 's ouster and seeks to have good international relations . His goal is for Paraguay to be recognized internationally by the time he hands the government over to the next president next year , he said . Most of the countries opposed to Franco 's presidency belong to the Union of South American Nations , known as UNASUR . The foreign ministers of that regional body were in Paraguay to study the issue . The United States also weighed in a more neutral manner . "  We urge all Paraguayans to act peacefully , with calm and responsibility , in the spirit of Paraguay 's democratic principles , " State Department spokeswoman Darla Jordan said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Marilia Brocchetto and Fernando del Rincon contributed to this report .	NEW : Chile and Venezuela recall their ambassadors Brazil and Uruguay express concern about the impeachment of the president New President Federico Franco says the process was constitutional Some leaders say they refuse to recognize the Franco government
CNN  -- U.S. Marine reservist Sgt. Andrew Paul Tahmooressi is enjoying his first day home Saturday in Miami , freed from a seven-month detention in Mexico in a weapons case that he claimed grew merely from his taking a wrong turn . His jailing drew widespread attention because he and his mother made an emotional plea for his release , echoed by such public figures as former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and television host Montel Williams , both of whom pressured Mexican officials on Tahmooressi 's behalf . The Marine who served in Afghanistan said he was being wrongly prosecuted and was suffering post-traumatic stress disorder . "  I think he 's thrilled , " family spokesman Jonathan Franks told CNN on Saturday morning . "  It 's setting in . They need a little bit of time to reconnect as a family , " Franks said . A big , long hug Tahmooressi boarded a flight from San Diego late Friday , shortly after his release . "  It is with an overwhelming and humbling feeling of relief that we confirm that Andrew was released today after spending 214 days in Mexican jail , " his relatives said in a statement . It was an emotional reunion with "  big smiles " and a big , lengthy hug between Tahmooressi and his mother when they saw each other Friday evening . "  Without question , it was one of the most powerful experiences of my life , " Franks said , who was present for the mother-son reunion . "  Everybody was very excited . " "  These are people who guided by deep faith , and they 're grateful . I 'm not sure how much more eloquently you can put it , " Franks said . Tahmooressi is in good physical condition , Franks said . "  Obviously he has n't spent a lot of time outside . He has n't had much access to a gym as he had in his prior life , but he looks great , " Franks said . The Marine does n't bear any "  ill will " toward Mexico , Franks added . Making ` the right choice ' Tahmooressi and his mother were n't making public comments Saturday . "  After a while , he will speak for himself , " Franks said . "  I think it 's going to be several days , some time next week . " Richardson said he was among those who pressed for Tahmooressi 's release , and he visited the former Marine at Mexico 's El Hongo federal prison last week . "  I think the Mexican judge made the right choice ... because of PTSD , on humanitarian grounds ,  that  he should be released , " Richardson told CNN on Saturday morning . "  He 's a good young man , " Richardson said . "  He served two tours in Afghanistan . He 's suffered enough . " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said many U.S. officials and some Congress members worked through the Mexican legal process on behalf of Tahmooressi . "  We are pleased Mexican judicial authorities ordered Sgt. Tahmooressi released on October 31 , " Psaki said . Mexican Embassy : Respecting the law Mexican officials said "  the legal process was carried out in strict accordance with the applicable legal framework and with full respect for the rights and guarantees of the U.S. citizen , " the Mexican Embassy said in a statement . "  During the time of his detention , he received medical care and  accommodations  were made for him to receive personal visits , " the embassy said . "  The Government of Mexico reiterates its commitment to fully respect the rule of law as well as the human rights of all those within its jurisdiction . That includes the right of foreign citizens to consular notification and access , as well as guarantees of due process . " Tahmooressi was held on weapons charges after his arrest March 31 at a checkpoint in Tijuana , Mexico . At the time , Mexican customs agents found three firearms in his truck , including a .45 - caliber pistol , a pump shotgun and an AR-15 rifle . Mexico has strict federal laws on bringing weapons into the country . Since his arrest , Tahmooressi has maintained that he took a wrong turn on the California side of the border and accidentally crossed into Tijuana . The Mexican court said it found no cause to prosecute him on charges of carrying two firearms used exclusively by the military , possessing cartridges used exclusively by the military and carrying a firearm without a license It also recommended he be treated for post-traumatic stress disorder . Some Mexicans ' criticism Some Mexican nationals , however , criticized Tahmooressi and said it was no accident he was caught with guns in Mexico . Fernando Benitez , an attorney for Tahmooressi , acknowledged how "  in any country there will be some very specific sectors of society that will be a little extreme in their views . " "  Mexico 's not an exception , " Benitez told CNN . "  However , most people that really got to know the workings of the case agreed that this young man has to come back home . " If the case went to trial , Benitez felt Tahmooressi would have won , the attorney said . "  You know , it was a complicated case , but it was n't -- never felt we could n't win it , " Benitez said . On Monday , Benitez will try to reclaim the Marine 's truck and weapons , said the lawyer who 's based in Tijuana , Mexico . Mother pleaded for release In May , his mother said he served with the Marines in Afghanistan , and had moved to the San Ysidro , California , area to get treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder . "  He has unresolved , or untreated PTSD , and he can not get the cognitive therapy behavior that veterans of America receive ... in a Mexico jail , where there is no such thing , " Jill Tahmooressi said earlier this year . Paul Tahmooressi has described a suicide attempt by his son with a shattered light bulb after being punched , slapped , cursed at , deprived of water and food , and shackled to a bed with a four-point restraint . Conditions improved after media coverage of his plight , he said . Mexican prison authorities have denied the abuse allegations . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Fidel Gutierrez contributed to this report .	NEW : Marine would have won case if it went to judgment , his attorney says Sgt. Andrew Paul Tahmooressi and his mother reunite with "  big smiles " and long hug He was arrested in Tijuana , Mexico , on March 31 Tahmooressi served in Afghanistan and suffered from PTSD , his mother says
For a year after her journalist son went missing in Syria in 2012 , Debra Tice kept calling his cell phone . It would ring and ring . Nothing . She would send Austin Tice messages on Facebook . No response . "  It 's excruciating , " Tice 's father , Marc , told CNN on Monday at their Houston home . The void of not knowing what happened to their son or who has him is a "  constant presence . " All they know is that he was abducted in a Damascus suburb . His absence haunts them . When they try to relax and do something normal in life , some small pleasure , there is an immediate feeling that they should be writing another letter , making another call or searching for some thread they have n't pulled that may be hidden in the extensive notes they 've accumulated over the years they have searched . When Debra Tice insists that her son will be found , she speaks firmly , her eyes intently fixed , voice firm and clear . "  There has never been a moment of questioning that he 's coming home , " she said . That state of mind keeps despair at bay , and she wo n't waver from faith . But could ISIS , the vicious militant group that has beheaded two other American journalists , have him ? The Tices do n't know for sure , but say they do n't think that 's the case . There has been no communication or ransom requests from the captors to the Tices -- a tactic ISIS has previously used in the abductions of other journalists . That is what leads the Tices to believe ISIS does not have their son . Even contemplating a scenario like that is unbearable to them . "  If we start thinking about that ... the pit of despair has no depth , " Debra Tice said . "  It 's an abyss . " Video of Tice Only one clue has emerged since the disappearance of the 33-year-old , who is also a former U.S. Marine captain . A shaky 47-second video uploaded to YouTube in September 2012 showed him blindfolded , apparently being walked through rocky terrain by men carrying guns . At that time , the State Department said Tice was believed to be in the custody of the Syrian government -- but the regime of President Bashar al-Assad did not say it was detaining him . His parents said this week that they 've been told by the Syrian government that their son is not in its detention facilities . Tice was freelancing for McClatchy and The Washington Post , filing stories for them starting in May 2012 . His Twitter posts and pictures on the photo-sharing site Flickr drew thousands of followers . In July 2012 , Tice appeared on CNN 's "  Global Public Square " to talk about what he saw in Syria . He was then a law student and spending his summer reporting on the war . He described being embedded with a rebel group fighting to oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and seeing that the government 's helicopters fly so high it seemed impossible that fighters could aim their missiles . He also said that he witnessed hostile fire that seemed random and badly aimed from al-Assad 's tanks and troops . He was last publicly heard from via Twitter on August 11 of that year , saying that he spent the day with Free Syrian Army rebels who were fighting to oust al-Assad from power . Tice tweeted that he enjoyed a good time at a pool party . "  They even brought me whiskey . Hands down , best birthday ever , " he posted . Parents on a mission The Tices have traveled , at their own expense , to Lebanon to meet with people who they felt might help them find their son , they told CNN . They made three trips to Beirut , they said , and did not want to specify exactly whom they talked with , referring only to "  folks " in "  channels that are credible . " They said the most complete information they 've received about their son -- including that he is alive -- has come from sources other than those in the United States . They have worked to cultivate those sources . They expressed extreme frustration with U.S. government "  policies " that they said keep people in the U.S. government from giving them information about their son . The parents have repeatedly been told that they need security clearance to hear information that officials have . "  We do n't want to be treated like we 're a security risk , " Marc Tice said . "  Who else has more motivation to be careful about information about our son ? " "  We 've asked repeatedly , ` What is it that we need to do to enable you to share this information with us ? ' " Debra Tice said she told U.S. officials , without saying which officials specifically . The parents have been told "  we 'll get back to you , " she said . Marc Tice said the process has been "  terribly frustrating , " adding that he feels that there are many in the U.S. government that the parents have dealt with who genuinely seem to empathize and want to help the Tices . But the Tices want to be clear . They are n't concerned with changing policy . They have a singular focus . "  We want to get our son home safely , " Debra Tice said . A spokeswoman for the State Department said Wednesday that the family 's frustration is "  understandable and heartbreaking . " "  No parent should ever endure the Tice family 's anguish . We are in awe of their courage and tenacity in doing everything in their power to bring Austin home , " Jen Psaki said . "  The government provides all of the information we can to families in these circumstances without jeopardizing our efforts to bring Austin home safely or putting at risk the intelligence sources on which we depend for our national security . " She said several U.S. agencies had been working for Austin Tice 's release , though their efforts could n't be discussed publicly . A ` strong guy ' The Tices have talked to people who have been held hostage and freed . The parents are comforted to hear how much it means to those former captives when they realize how hard and constant their families ' fight to find them was . "  It 's about faith , " Debra Tice said . Marc Tice said his son is a "  strong guy " with a "  strong mind , a strong body , " which gives him confidence that whatever his son is enduring , he will somehow find a way through . Austin Tice loves the people of the Middle East , his parents said . Since he was a child , he has been curious . He wanted to know how people lived . He wanted to explore the world . He felt compelled to go to Syria because he was frustrated hearing time and again , during media coverage of the civil war , that reports could not be verified . Al-Assad often blocked foreign journalists from covering the conflict and many journalists steered away from the war because the violence was so intense and often directed at them . "  He thought , ` Really , I have the ability to stay safe , ' " Marc Tice said . His son , he said , felt it was a "  calling " to go .	State Department says Washington is in awe of family 's courage , tenacity Freelance journalist Austin Tice has been missing in Syria since 2012 His parents express frustration over lack of information from U.S. The Tices have traveled to Lebanon three times to get information
CNN  -- The family of a Rutgers University freshman who committed suicide after his roommate secretly used a webcam to stream his sexual encounter has decided not to sue the university or the man who set up the camera . Joseph and Jane Clementi had filed court documents reserving the right to sue after their son leaped from the George Washington Bridge in September 2010 . Clementi 's roommate , Dharun Ravi , has since been convicted of bias intimidation , invasion of privacy and witness tampering . The family 's attorney said Friday that the Clementis decided to drop consideration of a lawsuit to instead focus on their work with The Tyler Clementi Foundation , a nonprofit group dedicated to working with and supporting gay and lesbian youths . "  The family got to a place where they really felt an obligation and desire to use the publicity for positive purposes , " said attorney Paul Mainardi . "  The idea of going after money , at this point , seemed small and unimportant . " Ravi was sentenced to serve 30 days in jail and three years of probation , and to complete 300 hours of community service . He was released on June 19 after serving 20 days behind bars . Lessons from Rutgers on privacy and hate speech What the tragedy of Tyler Clementi teaches	Joseph and Jane Clementi had filed court documents reserving the right to sue Dharun Ravi has been convicted of bias intimidation , invasion of privacy and witness tampering Attorney : The family wants "  to use the publicity for positive purposes "
Moscow  CNN  -- Of Russia 's 12 million immigrants , about 2-3 million of them live in Moscow , according to the U.N. It 's a high proportion for a city of 11 million people . In 2013 tensions turned violent with mass street protests and several killings believed to be motivated by nationalist sentiment . Egged on by ethnically Russian residents demanding justice after an Azeri migrant allegedly killed a young Russian man , police made mass arrests of people from the Caucasus or Central Asia . Nationalist groups followed suit , hunting for people with non-Slavic faces , though they planned to do more than just detain them for questions . For a month , police conducted raids at markets throughout Moscow where illegal immigrants were believed to be working . The biggest raid was in October at the Sadovod market , when about 1,000 workers were rounded up by police . The incident was widely covered by Russian media . I saw the opportunity to do something I have always wanted to do -- see what life is like in Russia for migrant workers , or , as they are called here , "  gastarbaiters " . Many of these workers are from my homeland , Tajikistan . After the collapse of the Soviet Union , Tajikistan was the hardest hit of the former republics . That fact is still evident today . Nearly half of Tajikistan 's GDP comes from money sent home by migrant workers in Russia . The abundance of workers from Tajikistan stems from the ease with which Tajiks can find employment in Russia . All that is required is medical insurance and a work permit . So I pretended to be a migrant from Tajikistan in desperate need of a job . I found a guy named Firuz who worked at the Sadovod market where the biggest raid happened . He agreed to help me get a job as a guest worker . He also told me what the police raid was like , saying that even he was taken to the police station , despite his Russian passport . Police had taken everyone without asking questions , he said . When the detained workers arrived at the station by the busloads , policemen said anyone who did not want to go into the building could give them a bribe and leave . Three people allegedly paid 5,000 rubles  $ 140  and left , as Firuz and other workers at the market later told me . I repeatedly called Moscow police to check these allegations but the media office refused to give me a reply . Most of the migrants from Central Asia who were caught apparently were released the next day , as they were all working legally , and police had just neglected to check documents before detaining them . It seemed that the raids were more for show than anything else , a bid to show the public that authorities are taking action against illegal immigration . Once I started my job at the market , I had three options : to become a sweeper , a porter or a vendor . I decided to be a porter because it meant more interaction with people . I had to find clients on my own , take their luggage and bring it where they wanted . I got introduced to an elite porter , Sakhovat . I was shocked to discover he could earn 5,000-6 ,000 rubles  U.S. $ 170  a day . Most Russians with a higher education do n't earn that much . In theory , Sakhovat could get up to 150,000 rubles a month  U.S. $ 4,500  . The key to his success is that he was one of the first porters at Sadovod when it opened and he built up his own client base . It was surprisingly difficult to get a job at the market without connections . My supervisor told me that if he had not known Firuz , he would never have hired me . During the interview , I did my best to be a Tajik , but I spoke Tajik with a thick Russian accent that was hard to disguise . I had spent all my 23 years in Russia and am considered Russian . Fortunately , those 23 years did not give me away . I spent about $ 100 on a uniform , a permit and a trolley , then got to work . Unfortunately , my cover was blown and guards at the market figured out I was a journalist . I spent only two days there and earned just 500 rubles  $ 14  . I would have never thought that working as a simple porter at the market was so competitive and hard . But it was harder to find a person willing to pay for the service . I was wandering through the aisles , shouting offers of assistance , but nobody responded . It was a rough feeling : you 're angry and aching , you feel cold , you want to sleep . You feel devastated . When I came back empty-handed , Firuz started laughing at me . It was funny for him : a Muscovite with a higher education could not cut it as a porter . He told me that it took most migrants several weeks or months to start earning money . He said : "  I am a Russian citizen but nobody hires me because I am Tajik . I have a higher education here , but when they ask about my nationality and I answer honestly , they just hang up . " It must be said too that people at the market were really courteous to each other while I was there , sweepers , vendors , shoppers , porters , everyone . I did n't see anybody fighting or quarrelling . I asked about rights violations but Firuz could n't recall any . The security guard worked well , punishing those who violated the market 's rules . Articles about my experiences appeared in the Moscow Times and also in Russian Reporter magazine . The piece was republished in Tajikistan and even in the Vietnamese press  lots of Vietnamese work in Russia as labor workers too  . It was the first undercover report from the market which depicted a real migrant 's life by a guy from Central Asia who spent all his life in Moscow . While the debate on illegal migration dominated Moscow , I was able to see the situation from the perspective of the migrants , many of whom end up caught in the crossfire despite being here legally and just struggling to survive like everyone else . If it was hard for me , what about the 17-year-old migrants from Central Asia who do n't speak Russian , do n't know anyone , who have no money or support ? Perhaps we should think about them when we hear politicians calling for tighter restrictions on immigrants , or see nationalists staging rallies in Red Square . The question of illegal migration in Moscow seems nonsense when the difference between a fake and original work permit is just $ 30 . It is a question of prejudice . Unfortunately , a guy from Central Asia is seen the same as illegal migrant , even if he has spent his whole life in Russia . The media sometimes ignites this prejudice . According to the Russian science magazine Scepsis , for the last 10 years the image of undesirable migrants from Central Asia has been cultivated by journalists as an enemy or an interloper . Articles about migrants have been written with a negative focus -- crime , fraud , murder . Migrants were blamed for coming to Russia , for taking jobs that "  belong " to Russians and living in apartments where Russians should have lived . But migrants themselves are just pieces on a big chess board . The Russian government needs a cheap workforce of migrants , and Tajikistan authorities need Russia because there are no jobs at home . It 's a question of mutual aid for two countries . Yet , as long as everybody continues to relate to migrants as mere pawns , the issue will never be resolved . The views expressed in this article are Eradzh Nidoev 's alone .	Journalist Eradzh Nidoev pretended to be a migrant worker in a Moscow market He wanted to see what life was like for Tajik migrants after tension and violence in the Russian capital in 2013 Nidoev says Russians need migrant workers and migrants need the jobs , so mutual respect is essential
CNN  -- When the National Security Agency sent a tweet Monday filled with garbled nonwords like "  tpfccdlfdtte , " the Internet was confused , and intrigued . Was the NSA drunk ? Had a cat skittered across someone 's keyboard ? Or maybe the spy agency , under fire for eavesdropping on Americans , had accidentally blurted a secret of its own -- a coded , classified message not meant for public eyes . The truth proved to be less scandalous . Internet sleuths , armed with cryptogram-solving Web tools , solved the mystery in minutes . Turns out the nonsensical tweet was a coded recruiting pitch by the NSA , which is seeking code breakers to help decipher encrypted messages from potential terrorists . The tweet was a basic "  substitution cipher , " a code in which each letter of the alphabet is replaced by another . Translated , it read  SPOILER ALERT for all you wannabe codebreakers  : "  Want to know what it takes to work at NSA ? Check back each Monday in May as we explore careers essential to protecting our nation . " When contacted by CNN , NSA spokeswoman Marci Green Miller said the Twitter account is run by the NSA recruitment office , which will post coded tweets each Monday for the rest of the month . "  NSA is known as the code makers and code breakers , " said Miller , who called the tweet "  part of our recruitment efforts to attract the best and the brightest . " If the intelligence agency wanted attention , it worked . Monday 's message has been retweeted more than 1,100 times , and most major media outlets have run articles about it . In its efforts to attract top talent , the NSA has been known to recruit hackers and other computer wizards at cybersecurity conferences . The agency even set up a special page to woo attendees of DefCon , a shadowy hackers ' conference held each July in Las Vegas . A job with the NSA requires a security clearance , of course . But the agency seems eager to recruit smart people -- even , perhaps , those with minor arrest records . "  If you have a few , shall we say , indiscretions in your past , do n't be alarmed . You should n't automatically assume you wo n't be hired , " said the recruiting page . "  If you 're really interested , you owe it to yourself to give it a shot . " The NSA receives thousands of applications a month and is on target to meet its hiring goals for the current fiscal year , Miller said . Matthew Aid , who wrote a book about the NSA , told CNN last year that NSA hackers focus on foreign militaries , governments and corporations , and are protected by multiple levels of secrecy . Monday 's tweet was not the first time the NSA has sent a coded message on Twitter . The agency has posted three already this year to celebrate holidays , such as St. Patrick 's Day . But it might signal a renewed effort by the embattled agency to attract new blood in the wake of revelations last year by leaker Edward Snowden . Documents leaked by Snowden showed the NSA ran a secret surveillance program to intercept Americans ' phone calls and Internet messages .	The NSA sent a mysterious coded tweet to its 10,000 followers this week Internet sleuths solved the mystery in minutes The tweet was a recruiting tool for the intelligence agency
Ai Weiwei is at it again . This time , the controversial Chinese artist-activist has taken his first venture into music , releasing a heavy metal single and music video inspired by his harrowing detention by the government two years ago . A perpetual thorn in the Chinese government 's side , Ai , whose projects have spanned art installations , film , photography , writing , and architecture , was en route to Hong Kong in April 2011 when he was taken into custody at Beijing 's international airport . He was detained for 81 days amid a government crackdown on political activists , widely believed to stem from government fears of a potential uprising inspired by the Arab Spring . Upon his release , Ai was subjected to severe restrictions on his movements and later accused of tax evasion -- charges which he rejected and unsuccessfully challenged in court . Entitled "  Dumbass , " the five-minute music video features the burly , bearded artist recreating his time in jail to expletive-laden lyrics denouncing government repression . "  The idea  for this song  first came to me while I was in detention and the guards watching me quietly inquired if I could sing , " Ai told CNN . "  That was when I realized that both the guards and I were being detained ; in their three years in the army , they had never been allowed to leave this place . " "  For young people around the ages of 19-20 , music can spark their imagination and passion , and this small incident moved me . After I was released , I thought I should write my own song , " he added . Ai penned the lyrics to "  Dumbass , " while rock musician Zuoxiao Zuzhou composed the music and Australia 's Christopher Doyle directed the video 's cinematography . Ai said the dark visuals , from the artist being taken into jail with a black hood to being perpetually accompanied by two guards while eating , sleeping , and using the bathroom , mirrored his ordeal . Some of his jabs at government repression in the video materialize in defiant fantastical elements , such as the river crabs scampering over the toilet  "  hexie " is a pun for "  harmonization " -- a government euphemism for societal repression  and the horse sitting in for the artist bound to a chair  "  caonima " is a pun for cursing someone 's mother  . Ai said the "  dumbasses " and "  f**ker s " he denounced in his lyrics also refer to scholars and intellectuals in China who "  do n't have a clear understanding of China . Despite going through so many disasters , they are still deluded . I find this ridiculous . " In one scene , the artist 's head is shaved by a child -- a reference to his then two-year-old son whom Ai said he constantly thought of during his detention and whom he feared would no longer recognize him by the time he was released . He said the song may help him overcome the trauma of his detention , which he described as "  extremely difficult . " At the same time , he said he has no regrets over his actions , believing that people have a responsibility to bring hope and warmth into the world -- and that as an artist , he has certain platforms of expression that he should use to this end . "  Many people are still imprisoned , many for much longer  than me  because we all expressed a difference of opinion and were accused of incitement to subvert state power , " he added . "  So I have to speak out for them . " Meanwhile , the artist addressed another pressing problem in China -- mainland Chinese , spooked by a scandal over melamine-tainted baby milk formula , have snapped up tins in Hong Kong , leading to a public outcry over the resulting shortage and the institution of a two-can  1.8 kg  cross-border limit in March by the city 's authorities . "  Milk Formula " debuted at a Hong Kong exhibition Friday -- a 10 meter by 8 meter map of China created with 1,815 tins of various brands of baby formula . "  Although China 's economy is developing , China 's food products and the environment have already been completely sacrificed because of deteriorating ethics , " Ai said . He described the situation of people needing to seek milk formula outside their own country to feed their children as "  absurd . " While Ai professed no solutions , saying that the purpose of art is raise questions , he said the problem of milk formula should be resolved by the people rather than through harsh legal measures . "  It shows that the ` one country , two systems ' -LSB- policy -RSB- is extremely contradictory and difficult to coordinate , " he added . "  Dumbass " is one of six songs on the topic of Ai 's detention -- the rest will be released next month as part of an album based on his personal experiences .	Chinese artist-activist Ai Weiwei releases heavy metal song , music video inspired by government detention Music video recreates Ai 's ordeal in jail , with expletive-laden lyrics denouncing government repression Ai Weiwei also debuted art installation in Hong Kong on hot-button , cross-border issue on milk formula Ai Weiwei will release music album next month
CNN  -- A woman approached me as I was rushing toward the D.C. Metro after giving a talk on rape in Syria last month . She asked in a low voice if she could share some information . She had DVDs , she said . On them were testimonies of Syrian women who 'd been raped ; in particular , a mother , a daughter and a sister all in one family . In a taxi recently en route to Heathrow Airport , I was told another startling story . The driver turned to me and said , "  I am Syrian . And I have a story to tell you that I keep wishing is not true . " His eyes welled up as he relayed what his neighbor said happened to a friend . The neighbor described being stopped in his car at a Syrian checkpoint on the road from Zabadani to Damascus . He said army officers told him to leave his daughter with them . My driver said he knew no other details than this , that the man had been given a horrific choice to make : leave his daughter behind , or his wife and other children would be killed in front of his eyes . The man made a decision , the driver said . He left his daughter at the checkpoint and drove on . I keep wishing it is not true , too , but what I told the driver that day is that his story sounds all too familiar : Of the hundreds of cases of sexualized violence against Syrian women and men I have heard and documented as the director of the Women Under Siege project at the Women 's Media Center , many fit this pattern of women and girls being raped at checkpoints . Read more : Syrian family hides from attacks in underground ` prison ' And the story from the woman in Washington falls all too neatly into the pattern of ripping apart families -- rape and other forms of sexualized violence have long been used as a tool of war to destroy not only individual bodies but entire communities . What is happening in Syria is no exception . In an attempt to not lose a single story that could be used as possible evidence for future war crimes trials , we are documenting reports of sexualized violence on a live , crowd-sourced map on Syria . We know , however , that evidence of crimes is being destroyed every day : More than 20 % of the women in our reports are found dead or are killed after rape . Broken down by type of crime and perpetrator , each case is marked as a red dot on the map and contains up to dozens or even hundreds of victims . Each dot is a life or lives potentially ripped apart by a horrific act of violence , an act that is particularly powerful as a weapon in Syria , where honor is so highly prized . Rape is tearing Syrians apart . The concept of purity is destroying their lives on top of it . The International Rescue Committee , referring to Syria , reported in August that "  girl-child survivors of rape are frequently married to their older cousins or other male members of the community , to ` save their honor . ' " Participants in adolescent girl groups told the IRC that if a girl is raped , "  Sometimes she might be killed by her family . She might kill herself . ... She knows that she will be dishonored for the rest of her life . " Honor killings , forced marriages and divorce are just a few of the ways shame is destroying lives in Syria . There is also suicide when the shame becomes too much to bear , such as the story on our map telling of a girl in Latakia who reportedly killed herself by jumping off a balcony after rape . But the concept of honor is failing Syrian women in another way . Read more : NATO stands with Turkey as Syrian violence spills over borders "  What I always think about is how women have tried to persuade the perpetrators not to attack them by asking to think of them as their sisters , " said one of the Syrian researchers on our mapping project . "  In Arab culture , a real man will protect his sister at any price . He is expected to take revenge if someone dishonors her . His sister is his responsibility even if she is married because blood relation is stronger than marriage . The women were appealing to whatever remnant of manhood and Arab honor these attackers might still have . Unfortunately , they had none . " The unending "  dishonor " and manipulation of Syrians through sexualized violence is committed by all sides , although the majority of our reports indicate government perpetrators . It is creating an entire nation of traumatized people : not just the survivors of the acts , but their children as well . It is time to stop it all . There are measures the world can take to bring these horrors to an end . Shame should never fall on victims , but should be used to compel Russia to join a U.N. Security Council call for the Syrian government 's alleged crimes to be referred to the International Criminal Court . Governments can help humanitarian groups that offer medical and psychosocial services for survivors . Syrian women 's rights organizations are already taking action to combat and respond to gender-based violence , including organizing family-based care for displaced children of survivors . The international community can and should support Syrian civil society in this work . Shame is a powerful feeling that causes retreat . It causes us to lower our heads and look away . But we have a chance to lift up the survivors of sexualized violence in Syria and honor them by paying attention , by caring enough to bring their suffering to an end , by telling them that we do not accept the violence against them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lauren Wolfe .	Lauren Wolfe : Rape is a weapon that destroys individuals , families , communities Wolfe 's group is documenting reports of rape as they come in on live map of Syria Wolfe : More than 20 % of women in reports are killed after rape ; some kill themselves Social shame drives killings , she says , and international community must intervene
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- After months of stalemate , the Senate late Tuesday passed a huge government spending bill that includes billions of dollars requested by President Bush to continue the war in Iraq . White House officials have said President Bush would sign off on the spending plan if the Iraq money was added . The roughly $ 555 billion bill -- which passed 76-17 -- also preserves thousands of earmarks for lawmakers who will deliver them to constituents just in time for the holidays . The final vote came at about 11 p.m. ET Tuesday -- after hours of debate that included two more attempts by Senate Democrats to tie war funding to a plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq . Those efforts failed , as have dozens of others in the House and Senate since Democrats took control of Congress last year . Earlier , members voted to add $ 40 billion for the war in Iraq that had been removed by the House -- which passed the spending bill on Monday . The plan also includes $ 30 billion for troops in Afghanistan . Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who co-sponsored the push to reinstate the Iraq money , called its approval "  a very powerful bipartisan message of support for our men and women serving in Iraq . " White House officials have said Bush would sign the spending plan if the Iraq money was added . In the weeks leading up to the vote , Bush had repeatedly pushed members of Congress to approve a military spending bill that did not place troop-withdrawal requirements on the military in Iraq . The bill wraps together 11 of the 12 government spending bills for 2008 -- except for that of the Department of Defense , which was already funded . Facing a president determined to keep spending in check and a unified Republican minority in the House and Senate , Democrats have been stymied at nearly every turn in their attempts to increase spending on their domestic priorities . Fearing a politically dangerous government shutdown , Democratic leaders ultimately gave in to Bush 's top line number and trimmed $ 22 billion from the measure . But Democrats stemmed their losses somewhat by shifting some funding from the president 's priorities to their own . And they added billions more above Bush 's top line in "  emergency " funding for veterans health care , California fires , border security and more . The government spending watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense , which scrambled Monday to pore over the nearly 1,500-page bill that was made public late Sunday night , said it has identified almost 9,000 earmarks worth $ 7.4 billion . Many of the earmarks avoided normal congressional scrutiny and were "  airdropped " -- or slipped in without going through normal committee consideration -- into the final bill , the group said . But Sen. Robert Byrd , D-West Virginia , chairman of the budget-writing appropriations committee , said the spending plan represents a dramatic decrease in pork-barrel projects from the one approved by Bush two years ago -- when Republicans controlled Congress . "  The total dollars that are earmarked is reduced -- hear me now -- by 43 percent , " Byrd said Tuesday from the Senate floor . "  That ai n't chicken feed . " Arguing for a plan that would have begun pulling troops from Iraq within 90 days , Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , became emotional as he called the Bush administration 's efforts in Iraq "  a continuing quagmire . " "  The best way to end this charade and protect our troops and our national security is to put the Iraqis on notice that they need to take responsibility for their future , " Kennedy said . "  Unless there 's a binding timeline for the redeployment of our troops , the Iraqis will not feel the need to make the compromises essential for a political solution . " The measure now goes back to the House for approval in its revised form . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she expects the bill to pass the House , although she will vote against it because of the war funds added in the Senate version . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : The roughly $ 555 billion budget measure passed 76-17 Democrats failed to tie war funding to plan to withdraw U.S. troops from Iraq Bill has nearly 9,000 earmarks worth $ 7.4 billion , watchdog group says Measure now goes back to House for approval in its revised form
Washington  CNN  -- Here are six things you learned on "  Inside Politics . " 1 . GOP jitters in Florida : The special House election in Florida 's 13th Congressional District is Tuesday , but many plugged-in Republicans there are predicting defeat -- and are already finger pointing . It 's a competitive district , but the seat has been in GOP hands for decades , so a win by Democrat Alex Sink would sting the GOP , and no doubt set off a round of debate about the party 's midterm election strategy -- despite the fact history suggests the results of special elections often say very little about what will happen come November . Again , let 's await the results . But already many Republicans involved in the race are complaining the party is falling short of its promise to make dramatic improvements in its use of data and technology to identify and turnout voters . 2 . GOP outreach : Maeve Reston of the Los Angeles Times made note of another Republican promise being called into question . Remember after Mitt Romney 's 2012 loss , there was a pledge for much more aggressive GOP outreach to younger voters , women , African Americans and Latinos . Maeve noted that at this weekend 's big Conservative Political Action Conference "  there was strikingly a lack of a message still at this point to these voter groups that they have had such a tough time with ... They are going into all of these communities but they are still figuring out what they are going to say and so I think we need to watch very closely as to whether there is any evidence that they are making progress on that front . " 3 . Crushing his critics : Audie Cornish of National Public Radio noted the dramatic shift from Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell : usually silent about his primary opponent and conservative groups that attack him , now suddenly he vows to "  crush them everywhere . " In a new radio ad , McConnell specifically attacks the Senate Conservative Fund , which had made a name for itself the last few cycles by supporting primary challenges to GOP establishment figures . "  So the gloves are not just off , they are in another room , they are under the bed , " is Audie 's take on the McConnell shift . "  It just seems that they are going to go hard . " 4 . The right stuff ? : Look for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to highlight his anti-abortion views as part of an effort to show the conservative GOP base it 's unfair to dismiss him as just another Northeast moderate . Robert Costa of the Washington Post shares a conversation with Christie 's top political operative . "  All he was telling me about was Chris Christie 's pro-life record and at CPAC we heard that from Chris Christie , " Robert said . "  My predictions is in the coming months as Christie continues to travel ... he 's going to emphasize that pro-life record , looking ahead to Iowa and South Caroline in the 2016 campaign . " 5 . Deep chill : One person Christie apparently is n't interested in persuading is fellow Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana . And vice versa . CNN 's Peter Hamby took us behind the CPAC curtain to show how the deep chill between the two 2016 prospects continues . Christie is chairman of the Republican Governors Association ; Jindal is the vice chairman . Both spoke at CPAC . "  I 'm told that these two did n't even cross paths backstage , there was no time set up to meet - even say hello in this green room where all these stars were crossing paths , " Peter reports . "  Jindal spoke right after Chris Christie and they did n't even talk afterward . " A flashback to Jindal 's frosty defense of Christie over Bridgegate a month ago : 6 . Hamlet on the Merrimack ? Former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown and key allies are suddenly sending signals he intends to jump into the 2014 Senate race in New Hampshire . Brown has been debating for months about whether to challenge Democratic incumbent Jeanne Shaheen , torn , friends say , about whether he should instead run for president in 2016 , or just forgo running for elective office again . Well a number of GOP sources in New Hampshire report receiving calls in recent days from Brown or his top allies , and there 's word from GOP operatives that there are conversations about building a Senate campaign staff . So all systems are go ? Not so fast . Because Brown has been pondering this for months , the GOP activists I spoke to say they wo n't believe it until he makes a public statement or files candidacy papers . The wait for Brown 's final answer may be short . "  I will make an announcement sooner , rather than later , " he told Neil Cavuto of Fox News on Thursday . "  Obviously , it 's a very , very big decision -- a very , very big decision for me and my family . And I 'm going to make sure that I cross all T 's and dot all I 's . So it will be sooner , rather than later , and I 'll certainly let everyone know .	The special election for Florida 's 13th district is Tuesday and the GOP predicts defeat Republicans at CPAC had little to say to women , minority and young voters Chris Christie is to focus on his anti-abortion message Christie and Bobby Jindal have little to say to each other
CNN  -- Four-time NFL MVP Peyton Manning is expected to announce today that he will be leaving the Indianapolis Colts , the only team he has played for in his 14-year career . Manning and Colts owner Jim Irsay are scheduled to appear at a noon ET press conference in Indianapolis to make the announcement . The two flew into Indy from South Florida together on Tuesday night , according to media reports . "  We 'll see ya 'll tomorrow . We 're gon na talk tomorrow , " Irsay told reporters after arriving in Indianapolis , ESPN.com reported . "  We 're going to do this the right way . We 'll talk to you guys tomorrow , " Manning said , according to CNN affiliate WISH-TV . Wednesday morning , Irsay tweeted , "  It was a long , emotional flight ... now the sun is trying to rise . " The Colts will release Manning rather than pay him a $ 28 million bonus he is due on Thursday if he remains on the Indianapolis roster . Manning was the No. 1 pick in the 1998 NFL draft by the Colts . He became their starting quarterback that year and led them to 11 playoff berths , two conference championships and one Super Bowl victory . But Manning sustained a neck injury during the 2010 season and was forced to sit out the entire 2011 season after having surgery to fuse vertebrae in his neck . The Colts plummeted to a 2-14 record without Manning , which gained them the first pick in April 's NFL draft . They are expected to take Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck or Baylor quarterback Robert Griffin III with that pick . Both are considered franchise quarterbacks , like Manning was when the Colts took him No. 1 in 1998 . Although he 's expected to leave the only pro team he has played for , Manning 's career is far from done . His doctors have cleared him to play and he 's been working out at Duke University . He 'll become a free agent and is expected to be sought after by several teams . Among the favorites to land the 35-year-old QB are the Miami Dolphins , Washington Redskins , Arizona Cardinals and Tennessee Titans . ESPN reports that Manning is expected to work out for select teams once he narrows his choices . Colts fans were sad to see their city 's shining star on his way elsewhere . "  I 'm disgusted . Manning is who Indianapolis is , he 's our identity and what he 's done for the community . He 's more than a football player , " Bob Nellish told CNN affiliate WTHR-TV . "  I would n't be nearly as big a fan without him , " WTHR quoted fan Aly Wiggs as saying .	Colts to hold noon ET press conference Manning out injured for entire 2011 season Colts have No. 1 pick in NFL draft
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Tuba Sahaab looks nothing like a warrior . She is a slight girl of 11 , living in a simple home in a suburb of Islamabad . But in Tuba 's case , looks are deceiving . "  I want to give peace to my nation , " Tuba Sahaab says , "  I will fight for it . " With her pen , Tuba is taking on the swords of the Taliban . She crafts poems telling of the pain and suffering of children just like her ; girls banned from school , their books burned , as the hard-core Islamic militants spread their reign of terror across parts of Pakistan . A stanza of one of her poems reads : "  Tiny drops of tears , their faces like angels , Washed with blood , they sleep forever with anger . " Tuba is not afraid to express her views . Of the Taliban forcing young girls out of the classroom , she says : "  This is very shocking to hear that girls ca n't go to school , they are taking us back to the Stone Age . " Less than two hours from Tuba 's home , the Taliban have control . The one-time holiday destination of the Swat Valley is now a no-go zone . Curfews are in place at all times . Militants kill with impunity . Human rights activists and people on the ground in Swat Valley speak of a place called "  slaughter square " where the Taliban leave the bodies of their victims with notes saying "  do not remove for 24 hours . " No one touches the corpses out of fear of reprisals . Watch Tuba recite her poetry " Tuba Sahaab refuses to be silent . As young as she is , she is wise and brave beyond her years . The young school girl is reaching a bigger audience , regularly appearing in the media . On the day we spend with her , Tuba and her mother appear on a talk radio program . Back home , she tells me how she would give her life for her country . "  I want to give peace to my nation , " she says , "  I will fight for it . " And Tuba has an inspiration : U.S. President Barack Obama . She prayed for his elections , she says . She sees in him the hope of peace in her own country . Tuba Sahaab has a dream to meet her hero . She can hardly contain her excitement . "  I want to go the White Palace and show him my poems , show him what is happening and ask him to come to Pakistan and control it because he is a super power . " Meeting and listening to Tuba Sahaab , it is easy to forget she is still a young girl . In her playground at school , Tuba dances and laughs with her friends . She loves writing her short stories  she has already published one book  and shows me a cartoon character she has created called "  Tomato Man . " Tuba 's parents are proud of their daughter . They say they are not afraid even as she speaks out so publicly against the Taliban . Tuba is their only child but as her mother tells me , she is "  worth more than seven sons and seven daughters . " And Tuba has the dreams of any young child . She tells me she wants to be an astronaut and then one day lead her country . "  I will do anything , if my life goes I do n't worry , I just want to do something . " "  I think you will get the chance , " I say . "  Yes , if someone gives me the chance you will see what I can do . " Of that , I have no doubt .	With her pen , 11-year-old Pakistani Tuba Sahaab takes on the swords of the Taliban She crafts poems on children in Pakistan oppressed by hard-core Islamic militants Girls have been banned from school , their books burned , as militants spread terror Refusing to be silent , despite the danger , she regularly speaks out in the media
CNN  -- The fiery South Carolina congressional special election between former Gov. Mark Sanford and Elizabeth Colbert Busch is attracting national attention -- but not for the reasons it should . Listening to much of the national coverage , it can sound like a race between Jenny Sanford -- the ex-wife of the ex-governor -- and comedian Stephen Colbert , the brother of the Democratic candidate . But the real news is that a Democrat could win the 1st Congressional District in South Carolina , reversing Republican control of the seat since 1981 . Polls show Colbert Busch ahead and her confident debate performance on Monday night helped solidify the sense that momentum is behind her campaign . Subsequent endorsements of Sanford by Hustler publisher Larry Flynt , who unhelpfully praised him as a "  sexual pioneer , " and a billboard put up by the odious adultery website Ashley Madison did nothing to help this would-be comeback kid . It is too early to count Sanford out , despite some liberal pundits declaring the race all but over . The coastal 1st District still has a 20 % Republican registration advantage , and Sanford has never lost an election . But if Colbert Busch does win , it should shake up the lazy partisan assumptions that underlie our politics . That 's because the result will not just be a referendum on Sanford but would also be a reflection of changing demographics in South Carolina and throughout the South . The idea that Texas , rich in Electoral College votes , could turn into a swing state has preoccupied pundits in recent weeks because it would upend presidential electoral math . A win by Colbert Busch in South Carolina would n't have equal implications , but it could be a canary in the coalmine . And a close analysis of how her campaign defied the odds would be required reading for any Southern Democrats . First , consider that Charleston County -- the heart of the 1st Congressional District -- voted for Obama in 2008 and 2012 . Urban centers in the South have been trending more Democratic in recent years , buoyed not just by the black vote but younger voters -- including students and Northern transplants who move South for the improved quality of life . In fact , the 1st District of South Carolina is only 21 % rural , according to U.S. Census statistics published in the Almanac of American Politics . Most significantly , the population has grown 28 % since 2000 . This because of a Southern resurgence and a growth in local businesses , especially manufacturing -- thanks largely to the fact that South Carolina is a right-to-work state .  Colbert-Busch , who is also running on the Working Families Party line , proclaimed herself "  proud to live in a right to work state during the debate  . The takeaway here is that the old assumptions about a monochrome conservative electorate do n't apply in coastal areas of South Carolina . This creates an opening for a centrist Democrat to win , especially against a polarizing Republican . And that is precisely the card that Colbert Busch has tried to play throughout the campaign , presenting herself as a "  tough , independent businesswoman " who will try to find common ground in Congress . During the contentious debate at the Citadel on Monday , a well-coached Colbert Busch repeatedly tried to distance herself from liberal positions and then seize the center . "  Obamacare is extremely problematic " she declared , expressing concerns about unintended costs and then pivoting to praise popular provisions such as an end to the exclusion of people with pre-existing conditions and the allowance for children to stay on their parents ' health care plans until 26 . She proclaimed herself "  a really proud defender of the Second Amendment " and then worked her way to saying she would have voted for the universal background check bill . Likewise , when she endorsed immigration reform , she framed it as a plan backed by the Chamber of Commerce and the state 's senior senator , Lindsey Graham . Even her most forthrightly liberal position , support for marriage equality , was explained by a quote from Dick Cheney -- "  freedom means freedom for everyone . " And when she was asked about abortion , she responded with a classic poll-tested Bill Clinton formulation -- it is a difficult personal choice that should be made between "  a woman , her family , her doctor and her God . " Sanford 's repeated tactic was to try and essentially deny her attempt at seizing the center by connecting her to Nancy Pelosi and labor unions .  Full disclosure : I hosted the debate , which was sponsored by Patch.com and South Carolina Radio Network . But there are a few lessons . First , centrist Democrats can get elected in South . This has been made more difficult in recent years because the Blue Dog tribe has been hunted into near-extinction , thanks largely to the rigged system of redistricting . In the case of South Carolina 's 1st District , that meant that the largely African-American neighborhood of North Charleston was added to the neighboring district of James Clyburn , the state 's sole Democratic congressional representative , who won re-election in 2012 , virtually unchallenged . Democrats increase their competitiveness not by simply playing to the base , but reaching out to the center -- showing that they are committed to solving problems as well as being guided by core principles . Throughout the debate , Colbert Busch stuck studiously to that script , presenting herself an a independent-minded moderate who can help change the tone in Washington , contrasting with Republicans ' increasing reputation for being too inflexible and uncompromising . "  We have got to come to the middle ; " she pleaded . "  We have got to be reasonable " Second , demographics are destiny and even the Solid South is subject to change . Diversity is on the increase , but almost more significantly is the population growth -- families moving to the South from other parts of the country in search of an improved quality of life and job opportunities . The growth of Southern cities also changes the political calculus because cities usually are less conservative than rural areas . Finally , the competitiveness of this race even in a district with a 20-point Republican registration advantage shows that citizens are willing to vote for the person and not the party if they are given a compelling candidate and contrast . All of which is to say that Republicans who believe that they will inevitably win back the seat in 2014 might be mistaken . Regardless of who wins the May 7 special election -- and , again , Sanford should n't be counted out -- the real winners are already the residents of the coastal South Carolina . Competitive congressional elections are increasingly rare in an age of redistricting-enforced one-party rule . But when everyone 's vote matters in a general election , it is a win for democracy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Media emphasizing Jenny Sanford and Stephen Colbert in special election In reality , the story is the race between Mark Sanford and Elizabeth Colbert Busch He says there 's reason Democrats can hope to capture the seat Avlon : Changing demographics make victory for centrist Democrats possible
CNN  It was January 2014 and I was sitting on the beach in Malibu looking out at the seemingly endless Pacific Ocean , ebbing and flowing . I had just begun a personal project of challenging my lifelong assumption that God exists . You see , I had been a Seventh-day Adventist pastor for 19 years . I resigned from my pastoral position the year before , but now I stepped away from my faith altogether . It was a gut-wrenching decision but I could n't see any other way to find peace and clarity . I encountered major theological differences with my denomination and evangelical Christianity in general , including the way it marginalizes women and LGBT people . I questioned the problem of evils and God 's general silence and inactivity . I sought out more liberal theologies and found them to be the slow death of God . Now I had to face the very real possibility that God does not exist . Would I discover that God was present and involved , or would I discover that the whole web of theological claims I had embraced and helped develop were false ? I was feeling small against the beautiful and terrifyingly indifferent sea before me . Then I started to feel grateful . "  What are the chances that I would be sitting on this beach right now , looking at this remarkable scene of beauty ? " I thought . I was struck again by how unlikely my existence is . One question I 've been repeatedly asked is how my life has any meaning without God . While I had heard dozens of Christian apologists claim that meaning can not be found without God , I had a curious experience . My appreciation for life and its potential increased when I stepped away from my faith . Atheists are often accused of being nihilists or absurdists . Absurdism is a school of thought arguing that humanity 's effort to find inherent meaning in life is futile . Nihilism goes further and in doing so becomes a mood or a disposition as well as a philosophical frame of mind . Nihilism says that nothing matters at all . "  If there is no God , then man and the universe are doomed . Like prisoners condemned to death , we await our unavoidable execution . There is no God , and there is no immortality . And what is the consequence of this ? It means that life itself is absurd . It means that the life we have is without ultimate significance , value , or purpose , " writes William Lane Craig , a Christian apologist . But my experience is that acknowledging the absence of God has helped me refocus on the wonderful and unlikely life I do have . This realization has increased my appreciation for beauty and given me a sense of immediacy about my life . As I come to terms with the fact that this life is the only one I get , I am more motivated than ever to make it count . I want to experience as much happiness and pleasure as I can while helping others to attain their happiness . I construct meaning in my life from many sources , including love , family , friendships , service , learning and so on . Popular Christian theology , on the other hand , renders this life less meaningful by anchoring all notions of value and purpose to a paradise somewhere in the future , in a place other than where we are right now . Ironically , my Christian upbringing taught me that ultimately this life does n't matter , which tends to make believers apathetic about suffering and think that things will only get worse before God suddenly solves everything on the last day . Behold , atheists ' new Ten Commandments It struck me this year that nihilism is a disease born of theism . Some people have been taught to expect meaning outside of this world beyond our earthly experiences . When they come upon the many absurdities of life and see that it 's "  not as advertised , " an existential despair can take hold . The problem is not solved by inventing a God in which to place all our hopes , but rather , to face life honestly and create beauty from the absurd . Without dependency on a cosmic savior who is coming to rescue us , we are free to recognize that we are the ones we 're waiting for . If we do n't make the world a fair and habitable place , no one else is going to do it for us . Our lives matter because our choices affect others and our children 's future . Life does not need a divine source in order to be meaningful . Anyone who has seen a breathtaking sunset or fallen in love with another human being knows that we make meaning from the experiences of our lives ; we construct it the way we construct any social narrative . Free from false expectations we are free to create purpose , share love , and enjoy the endless beauty of our world . We are the fortunate ones . There is no need for fear to have the last word .	Ryan Bell , former pastor turned atheist , says we do n't need a divinity to find meaning Bell : The absence of God has made him appreciate life and its potential even more
Two new sci-fi video games cast you in the futuristic role of a space marine who must face off against deadly creatures . However , while "  Dead Space : Extraction " and "  Halo 3 : ODST " share this theme , and are both played from an immersive first-person perspective , the two experiences are quite different . Here 's a look at each of these entertaining , "  Mature " - rated titles . "  Halo 3 : ODST " As an Orbital Drop Shock Trooper  ODST  , part of an elite group of space marines dropped into hostile areas , you land in the fictional African port city of New Mombasa to ward off an invasion from the Covenant , an alliance of militaristic alien races . In "  Halo 3 : ODST , " which takes place between the events of 2004 's "  Halo 2 " and 2007 's "  Halo 3 , " you play as a new character  simply referred to as the "  Rookie "  , rather than the heroic "  Master Chief . " The gameplay offers a slower-paced , more urban-centered combat compared with previous adventures , and while you can play the game solo , it 's a lot more fun to invite up to three friends to play online via the Xbox Live service . On a related note , even better than the main campaign , perhaps , is the new "  Firefight " mode . This is a cooperative multiplayer video game where up to four ODST fighters can take on increasingly challenging waves of Covenant invaders , similar to the celebrated "  Horde " mode from "  Gears of War 2 . " Also included in the box is a second disc with three new "  Halo 3 " multiplayer maps , as well as all original "  Halo 3 " maps and downloadable map packs , totaling 24 in all . "  Dead Space : Extraction " Serving as a prequel to last year 's extraordinary "  Dead Space " for the Xbox 360 , Sony PlayStation 3 and PC , this new Nintendo Wii exclusive reveals what happened leading up to Isaac Clarke 's deadly mission aboard the USG Ishimura mining ship in deep space . The action-heavy , cinematic game play takes advantage of the Nintendo Wii 's motion control , but to better handle the limited horsepower of the console , you wo n't be directly controlling your character . "  Dead Space : Extraction " is an "  on-rails shooter " game , so you 'll only have control of your character 's weapon rather than his feet . That does n't mean you wo n't find the game fun or challenging . Introducing new characters , weapons and enemies  including tough boss battles  , this atmospheric , horror-filled tale follows a group of space colonists who vow to fight a mysterious virus spreading through the USG Ishimura and the planet Aegis VII . One of the key features of this great-looking game is join-in-or-drop-out cooperative play . That means a friend beside you can at any time pick up a controller to help blast away "  Necromorph " aliens limb by limb -- or quit the game if need be -- without disturbing the intense action .	Reviews of "  Halo 3 : ODST " and "  Dead Space : Extraction " video games Both cast you in the futuristic role of a space marine who must fight deadly creatures "  Extraction " serves as a prequel to last year 's extraordinary "  Dead Space " "  Halo 3 : ODST " takes place before the events of 2007 's "  Halo 3 "
CNN  -- African soccer star Emmanuel Adebayor has revealed that he is quitting international football in the wake of the deadly gun attack on the Togo team bus in Angola in January . Adebayor was national captain , but said on Monday that he no longer wanted to represent his country following the events which saw two people killed and several injured after rebels fired on the bus en route to the Africa Cup of Nations . "  I have made the very difficult decision to retire from international football , " the 26-year-old striker told the Web site of his English club Manchester City . "  I have weighed up my feelings in the weeks and months since the attack , and I am still haunted by the events which I witnessed on that horrible afternoon on the Togo team bus . "  We were just footballers going to play a football match and represent our country , yet we were attacked by people who wanted to kill us all . It is a moment I will never forget and one I never want to experience again . " After deciding not to take part in the tournament , Togo were suspended from the next two stagings of the two-yearly event and fined $ 50,000 . Adebayor returned to England later in January after taking time out to recover from the ordeal , and his 13 goals this season have helped City claim fourth place in the Premier League to be on the brink of earning a place in Europe 's top club competition . "  Togo have some very talented players , and I dearly hope the players who remain will be able to put their memories of Angola behind them and go on to be a success for the nation , " the 2008 African Footballer of the Year said . "  I have enormous belief in each and every one of them : players , coaches , staff and their families . The people who were on that coach together will forever be joined by a special bond -- we are all brothers . "  I will always have the team and the people of Togo close to my heart , and wish them every success in the challenges that they will face in the future . " Adebayor has played 38 times for his country since making his international debut in 2000 , scoring 16 times . "  Despite the events in Angola , I have some very good memories of my international career , " he said . "  I feel very proud to have been trusted with the position of captain of the Togolese football team . Leading your country in international competition is the ultimate honor for any player . "	Emmanuel Adebayor quits international football in wake of deadly gun attack on Togo bus Two people died following incident ahead of January 's Africa Cup of Nations Togo subsequently banned and fined for pulling out of tournament in Angola Adebayor reveals his decision on Web site of his English club Manchester City
CNN  -- The court of public opinion has hardly been supportive of Bill Cosby , but the 77-year-old comedian still has his defenders . Last week , singer Jill Scott engaged with several people on her Twitter account after being approached to sign a petition asking Temple University to cut its ties with Cosby . Cosby , who attended the school and served on its board , has been accused of rape by a number of women in recent weeks . Through his attorneys , he has repeatedly denied the claims . Cosby facing litany of allegations "  oh ok . So they 've proven the alleged allegations ? I did n't know . Will they also be giving him back the millions he 's donated ? " Scott tweeted to the petition request . On Sunday , Scott responded to criticism with another tweet . "  u know Bill Cosby ? I do child and this is insane . Proof . Period , " she wrote . Cosby resigned from the Temple board of trustees on Monday , but his Twitter account , @BillCosby , took note of Scott 's support Wednesday morning . "  Thank you @MissJillScott , from the Cosby Family , " read the tweet . Cosby also thanked Whoopi Goldberg . On the November 17 edition of "  The View , " Goldberg said that people should be skeptical of what they hear . "  Quite honestly , you know , look , I 'm sorry , having been on both sides of this where people allege that you do something , it does n't matter now , " Goldberg said after the "  View " panel discussed the allegations of Cosby accuser Barbara Bowman . "  The cat is out of the bag ; people have it in their heads . I have a lot of questions for the lady . Maybe she 'll come on . " "  Thank you @WhoopiGoldberg , " responded @BillCosby on Tuesday . Cosby also received support from comedian Faizon Love , though Love 's tweets have been more inflammatory . "  you sorry porch monkey deserve everything you get ... you gon na stand up for this b * tch and and not a man like Mr. Cosby , " he wrote on November 22 in response to a person criticizing Cosby . After some back and forth , Love said he does n't believe in trying Cosby in the media . "  Let me be clear , I do n't support rape , but @billcosby has been convicted in the media & that is unjust as well #DueProcess , " Love tweeted . Love even went so far as to post "  I support Bill Cosby " in large letters on his Instagram account . The stories of Cosby 's purported crimes have been around for about a decade , but in the past two months , they 've received new life , stoked particularly by a routine by comedian Hannibal Buress that went viral and a social media stunt that went awry . At least 18 women have spoken publicly accusing the comedian of sexual misconduct , and many of the women say he drugged them before he raped them . Some of the alleged attacks took place decades ago . Cosby 's attorney , Martin D. Singer , has repeatedly denied the claims . Singer said in a statement to CNN that it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " On Tuesday , a woman named Judy Huth filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court , claiming sexual battery and infliction of emotional distress during an incident at the Playboy Mansion , according to the documents first obtained by Radar Online  PDF  . The alleged sexual assault took place in 1974 , when Huth was 15 years old . Michael Bilello , a crisis management strategist , does n't think the celebrity support will make much difference in changing the public 's opinion of Cosby . "  The public impression made by Cosby 's continuous PR blunders , compounded by the parade of accusers giving detailed accounts , it 's certainly created an image that I believe is beyond character endorsements by celebrity personalities , " he said . "  There are some loyal friends that , while you respect them standing by their man ,  Cosby 's  actions -- or inactions -- speak louder than their words . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Ben Brumfield , Dana Ford , Ronni Berke , Katia Hetter and Ed Payne contributed to this story .	Bill Cosby receives support from Jill Scott , Whoopi Goldberg Cosby has been accused of rape by a number of women Public opinion has generally been against Cosby
New Delhi  CNN  -- Narendra Modi took the oath of office Monday to become the 15th prime minister of India . The swearing-in took place in a tightly guarded ceremony at the Colonial-era presidential mansion in New Delhi . For the first time , leaders of an entire South Asian region attended , including Nawaz Sharif , the prime minister of India 's traditional archrival , Pakistan . But it 's not just the guest list that makes this inauguration historic . Never in the past three decades has a political party taken up the reins of the world 's largest democracy with an absolute majority . And never before has a provincial chief with no federal experience become head of a national government . Unprecedented invitation In attendance on the sprawling forecourt of the sandstone palace were the premiers of Pakistan , Bhutan , Nepal and Mauritius ; the presidents of Afghanistan , Sri Lanka and the Maldives ; and the speaker of Bangladesh , officials say . "  A promising gesture , " read the headline of an editorial in the Indian Express on Friday about India 's unprecedented invitation to the leaders of the South Asian Association of Regional Cooperation bloc . Until his election to Parliament this month , Modi , a chief minister of the prosperous northwestern state of Gujarat , has been seen as hawkish by some political watchers , especially over relations with nuclear archrival Pakistan . His Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party has often accused the administration of outgoing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of being soft on its western neighbor , which New Delhi blames for a number of terror attacks in India , including the deadly 2008 assault in Mumbai . Both countries have fought three wars , two of them over the Himalayan region of Kashmir , which both claim as their own in its entirety . An editorial in the Indian Express said Modi 's "  terrific " move to invite regional leaders "  should help generate a more realistic appreciation of India 's foreign-policy trajectory in the coming years . " "  What matters in the end , however , is the prospect of a more self-assured government in Delhi that is ready to engage the neighbors without standing on protocol and precedent , " it added . Economic hope Credited for his pro-business approach as the chief of Gujarat , India 's new leader has also raised expectations that his government will succeed in turning around India 's slowing economy , generate more jobs and rein in soaring prices and deeply entrenched corruption , issues that are widely believed to have brought about the fall of Singh 's government . Modi 's party won 282 seats of the 543-seat lower house of Parliament on its own , the first independent win by any single political party in three decades . India has since been ruled by coalitions of national and regional groupings with varied political and economic philosophies . "  The BJP 's single-handed majority in the new parliament ensures at least one thing : no more excuses of fractured coalition politics compromising policies and reforms , " said Jahangir Aziz , J.P. Morgan 's chief Asia economist , in a column in the Indian Express . "  More growth , more employment , more infrastructure , lower inflation is just motherhood and apple pie . Identifying and articulating the binding constraints holding these back is the heart of the problem , " he wrote . Political analysts also describe the debacle of Singh 's Congress Party government as a vote against crushing prices . "  Moderation in prices of essential commodities is a potential challenge for Modi 's government in a market-driven economy , " political commentator K.G. Suresh said . "  The honeymoon period will not last longer if measures are not taken in the next 100 days to bring costs down , " he added . Modi 's Cabinet , observers say , will signify his government 's model and course . "  It has to be a dream team that balances demands and side effects of growth with promises of low prices to millions of poverty-stricken Indians . It has to be a smart mix of youth and experience with a cohesive approach . With pressures of coalition politics no longer there , the last thing India would expect the new prime minister 's core team to be is a chariot pulled by horses running in different directions , " Suresh said . Friend or foe ? India 's Narendra Modi an unknown quantity abroad Securing India 's energy a major challenge for new PM Modi Memo to Modi : How to reboot India	NEW : Narendra Modi is sworn in as prime minister The unprecedented event brings together regional leaders including Pakistan 's PM Invitation to leaders described as a "  terrific " move Modi is seen as hawkish by some political watchers
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China , the world 's largest tobacco consumer , is aiming to ban indoor smoking in public areas by the end of the year . About one in three cigarettes smoked in the world is in China , according to the World Health Organization . And more than half of Chinese men smoke , according to the Global Adult Tobacco Survey in 2010 . Although the nation 's health ministry issued guidelines in 2011 to ban smoking in places like hotels and restaurants , they have n't been "  strictly enforced , " according to Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency . The China 's National Health and Family Commission is now working on a tobacco control law with clear punishments , according to Xinhua . The country 's health authorities estimate over a million deaths from tobacco-related diseases every year . The WHO warns that if tobacco use is not decreased in China , these deaths will increase to 3 million by 2050 . Last month , Chinese government officials were told not to smoke in public places such as hospitals , public transport or schools to set a good example for the public . The latest moves by the Chinese government on tobacco are "  hopeful , " said Dr. Judith Mackay , the senior adviser at the World Lung Foundation , who examines tobacco issues in China . About 32 Chinese cities have passed their own rules to restrict public smoking , she added . "  China stands on its own in the magnitude of the problem , " said Mackay . "  Unless there is change in China , we wo n't proceed further in reducing the tobacco epidemic in the world . " Tobacco use in China has far-reaching consequences , she said . "  This is n't a health problem . It 's a huge economic problem . There 's all these things ranging from medical and health care costs , the costs to the families and there 's the cost of secondhand smoke . "	China moves to ban public indoor smoking by end of 2014 Half of Chinese men smoke , according to survey China is largest consumer and producer of tobacco
Colorado Springs , Colorado  CNN  -- A high school gym erupts with cheers as the announcer introduces the women fighting to be the nation 's top amateur boxers . Names like Esparza , Cruz and Estrada sound out over the PA system , as young Latinas with impressively defined arms take to the ring . The top four boxers who medaled at the National Championships in late June have a rare distinction this year : Women 's boxing has been added to the 2012 Olympic Games in London . The traditionally male sport of boxing was the only summer sport at the Olympics without a female counterpart . The last great domain of men in sports is about to crumble , and a bunch of Latinas , flyweight boxers who tip the scales at no more than 112 pounds , are leading the way The principal figure in this sport 's revolution is Marlen Esparza , a 22-year-old Texan of Mexican descent who was already a five-time national champion in the flyweight division coming into this year 's tournament . Esparza is aware that her success represents more than a personal victory . "  I feel like being a woman and Hispanic , and doing something well , would help us out as far as how people view us , " says Esparza , whose success has drawn sponsors like Coke , Nike and Cover Girl . Boxing has been a huge sport in the Latino world for decades , producing some of the community 's biggest stars , such as John "  The Quietman " Ruiz , a Puerto Rican who defeated Evander Holyfield for the world heavyweight title in 2001 . Some boxers say Latinos have a different boxing style that makes them stand out , always pushing forward and playing a strong mental game . "  We Latinas are natural fighters , " says Raquel Ruiz , who is writing "  Punching for Gold , " a book about the Olympic journey . "  We fight all our lives to get ahead . Some of us even grow up in the streets fighting with our fists . Boxing has always been a sport of Latino culture , and , like every other area , now the Latinas are taking it and owning it , making it our victory . " Esparza began fighting at 11 when she accompanied her brothers to a gym in Houston because her Mexican-born father , David , whose hero was Mexican boxing legend Julio Csar Chvez , wanted his boys to take up the sport . As it turned out , the Esparza boys hated boxing , but little Marlen begged their trainer , Rudy Silva , to coach her . He 's a police officer who patrols a tough Houston high school , and Esparza , who was having disciplinary problems in school , was just the kind of kid he sought to help . But he could n't see how a girl could fit into his all-male program . "  I tested her by boxing the boys , figuring she would get scared off , " he remembers . "  Suddenly it was she who was testing them ! " Silva took her on and helped guide her to the sport 's elite level . There are no shortcuts : It takes unbelievable dedication to withstand the punishing training regimen of a champion boxer . But at age 16 , too young to qualify , Esparza sneaked into the national championships and won . Since then she has competed in the Pan American Games and the Women 's World Boxing Championships . Her success has drawn other Latinas into boxing . "  If I make it to the Olympics it 's going to mean so much to my community , " she says . Esparza has only lost once in the States since she began entering national competitions nine years ago , and it was to another Latina : Christina Cruz , a Puerto Rican boxer who dominates the New York women 's boxing scene . U.S. Olympic Coach Gloria Peek , who has trained the United States men 's team for 33 years , notes that women 's amateur boxing has been dominated by blacks and Latinas from working-class backgrounds , and that many have been transformed by the discipline of the sport . Esparza fits that profile : Once a troublemaker , she graduated in the top 2 % of her high school class . Eight women will compete in each of three weight classes at the Olympic trials . They are the winners of the top national tournaments . So far , half the flyweights are Latinas . The other weight classes are dominated by African-American boxers . All the competitors will be chosen by October 8 , after the year 's last major national fight , the Police Athletic League championships . The trials are scheduled for February 2012 . Only one woman in each weight class at the trials will make Team USA and win the chance to compete internationally . Meanwhile , Esparza has tied the record for most national championships by winning her sixth . Esparza says she 's winning now by using guile and smarts , as well as her fists . "  I move my head a lot and I time people , " she says . If her timing is right , Esparza will not only continue to get victories in the American ring , but she may just make a mark for Latinas around the world .	Women 's boxing has been added to 2012 Olympic Games in London Marlen Esparza , a 22-year-old Texan of Mexican descent , is a five-time national champion Boxing has been a huge sport in the Latino world for decades
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations formally condemned Friday the sinking of a South Korean warship in March but did not specifically name North Korea , which a multinational probe found culpable in the incident . "  The Security Council deplores the attack , " the 15-member council said in what is known as a presidential statement . It urged that "  appropriate and peaceful measures be taken against those responsible for the incident aimed at the peaceful settlement of the issue . " It also called for full adherence to the 1953 Korean Armistice Agreement , which ended hostilities in the Korean war . Despite the absence of North Korea 's name in the condemnation , U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice said the message to the communist nation is "  unmistakable . " "  This statement is notable and it is clear , " Rice said after its approval at a Friday morning session . "  It uses the term ` attack ' repeatedly , which you do n't have to be a scholar of the English language to understand is not a neutral term . " South Korea welcomed the statement . "  I think it 's crystal clear that -LSB- the -RSB- Security Council made it clear that North Korea -LSB- is -RSB- to be blamed and to be condemned , " said Ambassador Park In-kook . A presidential statement , unlike a Security Council resolution , is not legally binding , though it requires approval of the council 's five permanent members : China , Russia , France , the United Kingdom and the United States . An international joint civilian-military investigation deemed North Korea culpable for the March 26 sinking of the warship , the Cheonan . Australia , Britain , the United States , Sweden and South Korea provided experts for the inquiry . The Security Council expressed "  deep sympathy and condolences , " for the deaths of 46 sailors aboard the Cheonan . The statement was read aloud by the Nigerian ambassador , the rotating Security Council president for the month of July , after being voted on Friday by the full 15-member body . In June , investigation co-chair Yoon Duk-yong presented technical and visual evidence to the Security Council , saying the Cheonan was definitively "  sunk by a torpedo which was made in North Korea and the launching was also done by a North Korean midget submarine . " The isolated North has maintained its innocence , rejecting the investigation findings outright , questioning the validity of the experts involved , asking to conduct its own inquiry , and telling the Security Council that North Korea is the true victim of a conspiracy . A spokesman for the Foreign Ministry of North Korea , officially the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , called the presidential statement "  devoid of any proper judgment , " according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency . He added that the case "  should have been settled between the north and the south without referring it to the UN . The DPRK remains unchanged in its stand to probe the truth about the case to the last . " North Korean U.N. Ambassador Sin Son Ho called Friday 's U.N. statement "  our great diplomatic victory . " "  From the beginning of the incident we have made our position very clear that this incident has nothing to do with us , " he said . At a rare appearance before reporters in June , Sin questioned a number of the experts ' conclusions , for instance asking how "  the body of the torpedo can remain as it is while -LSB- a -RSB- huge warship is cut down into two parts ? How the torpedo can remain ? " Sin had warned , "  our people and army will smash out aggressors with merciless counteraction if they dare to provoke us . " The Security Council statement highlighted the importance of maintaining peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula . It welcomed the "  restraint shown " by South Korea in the handling of the Cheonan incident , and urged the resumption of dialogue and negotiations between the strained neighbors . A senior South Korean official called on North Korea again Friday to apologize for the Cheonan 's sinking . "  North Korea must apologize for the deaths of 46 of our young men " and punish troops involved in the sinking , Vice Unification Minister Um Jong-sik told a group of former ministry officials , according to the Yonhap news agency . CNN 's Evan Buxbaum contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman calls the statement "  devoid of any proper judgment " South Korean official says the U.N. statement makes it clear North Korea is to blame North Korean official calls the U.N. statement "  our great diplomatic victory " U.N. statement stops short of naming North Korea in sinking of South Korean ship
If you thought the Red Wedding was rough , "  Game of Thrones " promises more blood and brutality when it returns to HBO for its fourth season on Sunday night  April 6  . The season picks up in the aftermath of the devastating wedding reception from hell , which proved , in case it was still unclear to anyone , that in the world crafted by novelist George R.R. Martin in his "  A Song of Ice and Fire " fantasy series , no one is ever safe . Unlike some series , this season does not take long to heat up . In King 's Landing , brutal King Joffrey  Jack Gleeson  is due to be married in an elaborate affair that will bring together a slew of characters , some old and some new , to -- er -- celebrate . So , yes . A wedding in Westeros . What could possibly go wrong ? For one , siblings-with-benefits Jaime  Nikolaj Coster-Waldau  and Cersei  Lena Headey  are back together for the first time since Jaime was captured , and partially butchered , in season three , with all the awkwardness that entails . We 've already seen that Tyrion  Peter Dinklage  ends up in major trouble  what else is new ?  and that new character Oberyn Martell  Pedro Pascal  -- will be attending the joyous occasion with less-than-love in his heart for the Lannisters . As for our other main players : Daenerys  Emilia Clarke  , with an army of freed slaves at her back and a trio of increasingly formidable dragons to keep in line , confronts the promise , and pitfalls , of her ascent to true power . After narrowly missing a longed-for reunion with her family , Arya  Maisie Williams  and The Hound  Rory McCann  face what comes next . As bits of her back story come together , Arya will become arguably season four 's first true scene stealer . At The Wall , the coming war between the wildlings and the Night 's Watch simmers to a boil , with Jon Snow  Kit Harington  caught awkwardly in the middle . Look for this conflict to spur some of the epic battle scenes the series , and Martin 's novels , are known for . And what of the White Walkers ? Elsewhere , Stannis  Stephen Dillane  is down but not out after his defeat on the Blackwater and turns increasingly to the creepy "  Red Priestess " Melisandre  Carice van Houten  for answers . Bran , with Hodor and friends , continues his mystical trip north to seek what his "  green dreams " really mean . And , for those of us who can stand to look , we 'll see the continuing travails of poor , tortured Theon Greyjoy . In September , I hosted a pair of panels at DragonCon with cast members from the show . James Cosmo  Lord Commander Mormont  , Burn Gorman  Karl , the Night 's Watchman whose actions lead to chaos at Craster 's Keep  and Natalia Tena  wildling Osha  talked about what it means to be a part of the massively popular series . Below are some excerpts from those panels :  Editor 's Note : Contains spoilers for season three of the show . On what has made the show beloved by so many fans : Cosmo : If I knew that , I 'd be a really rich man . I have worked on lots of historical stuff , but I think "  Game of Thrones " ticks so many boxes for so many people . And its production values are so high , continuously . It 's just set a new standard for that sort of television . As far as identifying what it is , I think these shows come along once in a lifetime that people just embrace and it becomes something really special . The books that George Martin had written were so well-loved by so many people , and  show runners  David Benioff and Dan Weiss brought that to the screen so beautifully . Tena : I think it 's because it 's got that "  Lord of the Rings " magic , with just a hunk of sex and death thrown at it . And I think that 's something we all have a link to and it 's also how I imagine the medieval world to be -- brutish and short and sexual . Cosmo : When you said that it was "  Lord of the Rings " with great sex and violence thrown at it -- well , the sex bit missed me . I am the only guy there who 's got this crew of guys and we 're all celibate . On the intense fan reactions to the show : Tena : When you 're working you do n't think about what something means . You 're just thinking about playing a moment , and a truth . I can see now that it means a lot to so many people and that 's humbling . But in the moment you 're just trying to do the best job you can . Cosmo : When we were doing it , I had no concept about how huge it was going to become . I do n't know if anyone did . But from reading the part of Mormont , I just loved the character . He was the one who stood out to me as a man of such innate dignity . It was just a joy to play . On memorable moments from the set : Tena : We skinned a rabbit . ...  A forest ranger  just plunked a rabbit in front of me and Ellie  Kendrick , who plays Meera Reed  and he showed us how to do it . And , it was fine . But when we did it on the day , after skinning 40 rabbits and pulling their heads off ... all of it congealed . It was a hot day and by the end of the day , I had flies all over my hands . I did go a bit mad . I had , like , three showers . Everyone thinks fish smell and you do n't really think about meat . Meat , by the end of the day , is horrible . I felt like Lady Macbeth . I was , like , "  Out , damn spot ! " Pulling their heads off as well -- that was pretty interesting . We ran out of rabbits , so sometimes we had to kind of plunk bits of the bodies back together . It was a special day . Gorman : I wanted to talk about pig s *** , if that 's all right . That 's what I noticed most in Ireland . It 's like this really glamorous show and I turn up and it 's like , literally , 3-feet depth of pig mess everywhere . I could n't believe it . I only had a week there and I was like , "  I 'm done . " On how he learned his character would die Cosmo : I 'm a dedicated fly fisherman . I fish quite a lot up in Oregon for steelhead . And my fishing buddy who 's a few years older than me , Bo -- he has n't read many books in his life . But when I said I 'm doing this thing , "  Game of Thrones , " he said , "  Oh , man . I 'm going to get these books . " We 'd be standing up to our waist , trying to catch steelhead in the river ... and he 'd say , "  Well , I got to Chapter 23 last night . You 're still there , kid . " And then it came to book three and he says , "  I ca n't see you anywhere , man . He 's not talking about you . " So that was my conduit to learning where my career was going -- this old guy standing next to me while we were fishing . On the show 's Emmy Award-winning costumes Cosmo : As you get helped into the leggings and the big leather chest piece and then the cloak , you can feel the sort of gravitas of the character coming . Even the way you walk is informed by these things that drag along behind you ; you 're almost pulling your cloak behind you . Costuming is a hugely important part of building the character and I would n't have it any other way . It does help , although at times it can be a bit annoying and cumbersome . It must have been about 50-60 pounds when it was on . As you see , I 'm a lightweight kind of guy  his agency says he is 6-foot-1 and weighs about 240 pounds  . But I know when I was wearing all the costume and I was about to get on my horse , he looked really , really unhappy . Tena : With every single character you play , your costume is your outward appearance to the world . ... That immediately determines how the world , and you yourself , see you .	"  Game of Thrones " returns to HBO on April 6 for its fourth season The fantasy epic promises more surprises , and blood , after the "  Red Wedding " Actor : "  GoT " has set a new standard for television Stories from the set include dead rabbits and pig manure
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Despite deep public spending cuts that triggered waves of protests last year , Greece will not default on its debt payment obligations , Prime Minister George Papandreou told CNN . "  This is not on the books ... it 's not on our road map . And this is why we are talking about these other measures , which we think are enough to be able to make things sustainable , " Papandreou told CNN 's Richard Quest on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Davos Thursday . "  Obviously  it will be  difficult , but we have been doing our work , and we will be successful , " he said . The economic troubles in Greece last year sparked a wave of sovereign debt woes across Europe , especially hitting Ireland , Spain and Portugal . The value of the euro cratered during the debt crisis and raised lingering questions about the viability of the 17-nation monetary union . A Bloomberg Global Poll released this week at Davos show 59 % of respondents believe that at least one or more euro nation would break from the monetary union by 2016 , and nearly three-quarters polled thought Greece would default on its loans . "  Well , maybe people will believe things , but that 's why we politicians are here , to put things on the right course , " Papandreou said when asked about the poll . "  And there is the political will of our peoples and the leaders of the European Union ... to make sure that in 2016 and 2020 and on , the euro will exist . " His comments echoed the sentiment French President Nicolas Sarkozy who in his Davos address Thursday said : "  We will never abandon the euro . Never ! Euro spells Europe , the euro is Europe . Europe has meant 60 years of peace on our continent . We will never abandon that . " Sarkozy 's spirited defense of the euro underlined how high the stakes have become for the economic evolution of the continent . "  To imagine that we might pull out of that is to ignore the fact that as people who have been at each other 's throats for centuries , we now have one wish , and that is lasting peace , " Sarkozy said . But European Monetary Union has been challenged as the bailout of Greece thrust the spotlight on the uneven economics among member nations . Besides debt woes in Greece , countries like Ireland and Spain were deeply exposed to the crash of the housing bubble . Meanwhile , the German economy -- the largest in Europe -- enjoyed its fastest expansion in two decades last year and its largest growth in GDP since Germany reunified in 1990 . Concern has grown of an unfair burden placed on larger economies by the problems of smaller economies like Greece . But Papandreou said Greece is well on its way toward reducing its debt . "  We have made very good progress , because we 're on track , and I would say , even , beyond . We have cut the deficit by over 6.5 percent , which is a huge cut , " Papandreou said . "  We 've changed our pension system , it 's now a viable pension system , one of the most viable in Europe . We 've changed our tax system , it 's transparent , more effective , hitting tax evasion , " he said . "  But the structural things we 're changing are actually going to bring growth . " Jean-Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank , told CNN "  this is no time for complacency -- that is absolutely clear . But let me tell you , nevertheless , that the real economy is giving signs that are encouraging . "  The main risk is to practice benign neglect ... as soon as things are going better , to forget that we had to cope with a very , very demanding crisis , " Trichet said . "  So , we have to draw all the lessons . " CNN 's Richard Quest , Kevin Voigt and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Papandreou : Greece will not default on its debt payment obligations "  Obviously  it will be  difficult , but we have been doing our work " A recent survey showed about 75 % of respondents thought Greece would default Papandreou echoed the French president 's sentiments that the euro wo n't fold
CNN  -- It was at San Francisco 's Olympic Club that "  Gentleman Jim " Corbett , world heavyweight champion and to many the man who took boxing from a brawl to an art , trained and coached . Twenty-two years after his death , the sports club hosted its first U.S. Open golf tournament in 1955 . Ben Hogan lost in a playoff to an unknown golf pro from Iowa and the course was on its way to developing a reputation as the graveyard of champions . Now , after four U.S. Opens there , the first rule of Olympic Club favorites is ... there are no Olympic Club favorites . That 's more true than ever this time around . It remains to be seen whether we 're in the post-Tiger Woods era or just an interregnum in his reign , but what 's certainly the case is that these days a large number of players turn up at major championships with a genuine belief and chance of winning . One simple fact supports them : the last 14 majors have been won by 14 different players . It was very different back at that first Olympic U.S. Open . Then , Ben Hogan was the man . Nine major championships under his belt and already the subject of a Hollywood movie , Hogan went to San Francisco in search of his fifth U.S. Open . He seemed to have won it too : the TV commentator congratulated him on his victory and the broadcast went off air proclaiming Hogan as U.S. Open champion . Rather inconveniently , Jack Fleck , a pro from a municipal course in Iowa , birdied 15 and 18 , forced Hogan into a playoff and then -- in one of the greatest sporting upsets of all time -- beat the great man by three shots . Olympic 's reputation was cemented 11 years later when that era 's superstar , Arnold Palmer , held a seven-shot lead over Billy Casper as he began the final nine holes . Against all odds , Casper drew level with Arnie to take the tournament to another playoff , and again it was the underdog who emerged as U.S. Open champion . Scott Simpson 's victory over Tom Watson in 1987 and Lee Janzen 's 1998 triumph over Payne Stewart in the next two U.S. Opens at Olympic merely confirmed the club as one where nothing could be taken for granted . Of course , the bookmakers have their favorite -- and the way Tiger Woods birdied three of the last four holes to win the Memorial at Muirfield Village two weeks ago convinced many that his time has come again , that he can move to within three wins of Jack Nicklaus ' record 18 majors . The more cautious point out that his victory at Bay Hill earlier this season was followed by a disappointing performance in the Masters . Can Tiger consistently hit fairways and stay away from the Lake course 's many thousands of tall trees ? Will his putting stand up to the severe test of Olympic 's greens ? Only four days of championship play will let us know . He tied for 18th here in 1998 , but revealed he has had to start a new course book due to all the changes made since then . On this month 's Living Golf show , Nicklaus pointed out that while he had no idea how close he was to Bobby Jones ' then record in the majors until a journalist pointed it out , Tiger has had Jack 's record in front of him from his very first Masters . In fact , at the beginning of last season , our presenter Shane O'Donoghue asked Tiger if it was equaling Jack 's record that drove him on . "  I 'm not looking to equal it , " shot back Tiger with a steely non-smile . Nicklaus , sitting alongside Rory McIlroy for a special joint interview , also suggested that the 23-year-old defending champion could be the one to break his record . There will be more money on Rory to make it three in a row for Northern Ireland since golf 's poster-boy took Jack 's advice and practiced at Olympic last week , and his high ball flight should help with those approaches to tricky greens . But the last man to win back-to-back U.S. Opens was Curtis Strange more than 20 years ago . History is also against Dustin Johnson -- no-one has ever won a U.S. Open after winning the week before -- but then again he 's a man rested  after injury  , on form after his Memphis triumph and with the length to leave himself more lofted clubs to those slick , well-guarded putting surfaces . When world-renowned coach Butch Harmon tells you that Johnson is a major champion waiting to happen , maybe history should take a backseat . Last year at Congressional the heavens opened and softened all the greens , allowing the bold to fire at pins in a most un-U.S. Open style . This week the forecast is for dry weather -- and with San Francisco 's breeze quickening those small greens even further , the one near-certainty is that we wo n't be seeing a repeat of Rory 's 16 under par . No-one is going to stroll round the Lake course accumulating birdies . As the USGA 's executive director Mike Davis puts it , balls will roll , and Olympic 's numerous bunkers are likely to see a lot of traffic . In short , no-one with any sense can have much confidence trying to pick a winner this week . The truth is that every one of the 156 players in the field has a chance of lifting that trophy . The history of Olympic , at least , tells them that . But if you 're looking to try to narrow things down a bit , it makes sense to look at patient , calm , in-form players with solid putting strokes and a mastery of the short game . So four names who cover at least most of those bases are : Johnson , 2011 Masters champion Charl Schwartzel , Jason Dufner -- a two-time winner on the PGA Tour this season -- and world No. 1 Luke Donald . They may finish as the top four , they may miss the cut . It 's not often that picking the top-ranked player is high risk , but then this is the U.S. Open at Olympic .	San Francisco 's Olympic Club has earned a reputation as the graveyard of champions Golf 's last 14 majors have been won by 14 different players Tiger Woods is bookies ' favorite after recent Memorial win at Muirfield Village Woods aiming to move to within three wins of Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 majors
CNN  -- With Sunday 's release of the Nintendo 3DS XL handheld console , Nintendo is hoping that bigger is better . The new unit is essentially a big brother to the Nintendo 3DS released in the spring of 2011 , but the gaming company has said it plans to continue to produce both types of consoles at least in the near future . The XL 's main screen is 90 % larger than its smaller counterpart , while the 3-D screen on the top half of the clamshell design is nearly the same size as the PS Vita front touch screen . In full 3-D mode , the resolution on the 3DS XL  800px x 320px  is still below the Vita 's  960px x 544px  . But you are n't going to be playing PS games on the 3DS XL or vice versa , so the visual appearance is n't going to be obvious . It also comes with a stronger battery  about 3.5 to 6 hours of charge using 3DS software  while not increasing the overall weight of the device . AC adapters are not included for Japanese or European versions but are included for U.S. and Australian distribution . Everything else pretty much remains the same between the XL and the regular version -- front and back cameras , 3-D screen at the top and touch screen at the bottom , circle pad and control pad on the left , buttons on the right . The pointing stylus is stored on the right hand side of the 3DS XL , rather than on the back with the 3DS . The preview 3DS XL unit I was using had a matte finish on the exterior instead of the shiny , glossy finish found on the 3DS . The larger hand-held console also comes with a 4GB SD card included , twice as big as the 2GB card with which the 3DS is outfitted . If you are thinking of going large , Nintendo has figured out a way to bring all your games with you . Data can be transferred from any DSi , DSi XL or 3DS console onto the 3DS XL system . Connection settings , photos , audio and purchased DSiWare can be shuttled to the new console using a Internet connection between the two systems . Be warned though . DSiWare save data can not be transferred , so be prepared to play those games from scratch if you want to move them over . The larger screen and bigger controls make for easier game play , and the slightly increased weight is negligible . In fact , the hand-held device feels more stable and sturdy with its extra size . I have n't put it through an accidental "  drop test " yet , but it seems like it could take a punch . The 3-D screen really has n't changed , which means if it gave you a headache before , it probably will again . The longer battery life is very nice , especially for those who play on their way to school or work and have to put it away for a while once arriving . "  New Super Mario Bros. 2 " will be the featured game for the new hand-held , coming out on the same day in Japan and the United States , but not included with the console . The 3DS XL shows it off nicely with brilliant colors , fluid motion and responsive controls . It is , of course , a Mario game , which means lots of jumping and side-scrolling , but it all looks great on bigger screens . The Nintendo 3DS XL is everything you are used to in the Nintendo 3DS , but it is a larger , stronger package . The larger screens make it easier to see action and gives players a bit of finesse on the touch screen . Right now , the 3DS XL is not compatible with the Circle Pad Pro controller add-on , but Nintendo said they are planning on releasing one later this year . The Nintendo 3DS XL was released on August 19 in North America  $ 199.99  and will debut August 23 in Australia  A$ 249.95  . It is available in Japan  18,900 yen  and Europe  199.99 euros  . The highlight colors available at launch will be red and blue for North America ; red , blue and silver for Europe and Australia ; red , silver and white for Japan .	Nintendo released the bigger Nintendo 3DS XL on Sunday . The mobile gaming device has a 90 % bigger screen than the current 3DS Larger screen , bigger controls make for easier gameplay Its 3-D screen is the same , so if the 3DS gives you headaches , the XL will too
RealSimple.com  -- If your spirits are high but cash is low , do n't despair : These shimmery , party-ready styles each cost $ 100 or less . Chico 's Necklace Layering jewelry can be mystifying , which is why this single piece composed of rhinestones , faux pearls , beads , and chains is so genius . To buy : $ 79 , chicos.com . RealSimple.com : Party skirts for every figure Aryn K Blouse An understated blouse in pleated silk lets a bold skirt shine . To buy : $ 98 , houseoflolo.com . White House Black Market Skirt This sleek acetate-blend pick manages to be both current  red is big right now  and timeless  pencil skirts will always be in style  . To buy : $ 98 , whbm.com . RealSimple.com : 7 money saving , stress less holiday tips Lisa Stewart Earrings Hammered and crystal-flecked , these modern gold-plated danglers have an old-fashioned elegance . To buy : $ 70 , lisastewartonline.com . Lulu 's Dress Gold is merry and bright $ " but it will also look fitting come spring . Just add gray or black opaque tights to this mid-thigh -- length polyester-blend stunner . To buy : $ 61 , lulus.com . BCBG Max Azria Belt Why should jewels be limited to jewelry ? Check out this elastic belt with a gorgeous , gemlike centerpiece . To buy : $ 58 , bcbg.com . RealSimple.com : Pretty smart Colour Me Bracelets This rich mix of gold-tone bangles $ " some plain , some textured with beads $ " ties the outfit together . To buy : $ 15 for eight , colourme.com . BCBG Max Azria Earrings Opulent drops of rhinestones and black orbs look like an estate-sale find . To buy : $ 78 , 866-497-1041 . Ann Taylor Top Shiny black thread on this two-tone polyester top offers a low-key way to dazzle . To buy : $ 88 , anntaylor.com . RealSimple.com : Hostess gifts Just Cavalli Skirt This slim satin skirt has the right amount of stretch to be comfortable and flattering . To buy : $ 32 , peppermintpark.com .  Real Simple readers get a free three-month shopping membership with the promo code REALSIMPLE . Banana Republic Bracelet Spare yet sparkly : a rhinestone-covered bead suspended on a gray leather cord . To buy : $ 25 , 888-277-8953 . Spanx Tights Take control with a pair of opaque tights that slenderize and smooth . To buy : $ 26 , spanx.com . RSVP Heels You 'll stand head and shoulders above the rest in black suede peep toes with hidden inch-high platforms . To buy : $ 63 , zappos.com . Roberta Chiarella Earrings Faux-diamond studs are a silent partner for a statement necklace . To buy : $ 28 , robertachiarella.com . Banana Republic Necklace This beaded tulle bib makes a powerful impact , but it 's practically weightless . To buy : $ 49.50 , bananarepublic.com . RealSimple.com : Stocking stuffers Cult Candy Top The bell-shaped hem hits just past the hips . To buy : $ 21 , peppermintpark.com .  Real Simple readers get a free three-month shopping membership with the promo code REALSIMPLE . KiraKira Earrings Silver Moroccan-shaped hoops are finished off with a hanging pearl . To buy : $ 98 , kirakirajewelry.com . Simply Vera Vera Wang Top Forgiving in all the right places : This polyester-blend style has a camouflaging drape and a tie-it-yourself waist . To buy : $ 54 , 866-887-8884 . Sushma Patel Carina Bracelet Even just one crystal-encrusted bangle provides a sliver of brightness against a dark-colored outfit . To buy : $ 100 for a stack of bangles , sushmapatel.us . Loft Skirt The lace embellishments down the sides give this knee-length polyester-blend pencil skirt a life outside the office . To buy : $ 69.50 , loft.com . RealSimple.com : Unique gift ideas for anyone Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Major labels like Vera Wang have more affordable ` sister ' brands BCBG Max Azaria is great for stylish and budget friendly belts and earrings Ann Taylor and Loft have versitile options for under $ 100
Washington  CNN  -- Michelle Obama has n't given any indication that she 'll run for political office , but Sen. Mark Kirk is suggesting otherwise . The Illinois Republican sent a fund-raising letter to supporters referring to the "  press and rumor mills " that Obama may run for Kirk 's Senate seat in 2016 . The letter was first reported by the Chicago-Sun Times and confirmed by Kirk 's office . Kirk even compares Obama 's potential run to speculation in 1999 over whether then-First Lady Hillary Clinton would run for the Senate . She eventually did . So is Kirk looking for supporters to connect the dots ? Kirk also writes in the letter that he is "  not one to believe rumors or engage in political gossip , " but he takes "  all potential threats seriously . " "  Help me fend off a challenge from a Democratic opponent who will be backed by the national Democrat party as well as the home state political operation of the President , " Kirk writes . Capping off the letter , Kirk asks his supporters to open their wallets and drop $ 25 to $ 1,000 to help him stave off those types of "  threats . " The first lady 's office declined to comment on the fund-raising appeal . While the "  rumor mill " has been active for some time , Obama has explicitly said she has no plans for elected office . Asked by ABC 's Robin Roberts whether her next move will be political , Obama said , "  No , it will not be political , " and went on to say her next role will be "  mission-based " and "  service-focused . " White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett , a close friend of the Obamas , flat out rejected the suggestion that Obama would ever run for political office . "  No . I 'm absolutely 100 percent positive that will never happen , " Jarrett said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " in June . That came less than a month after President Barack Obama himself said there was no chance . "  One thing I can promise you is that Michelle will not run for office , " Obama said in an interview with ABC in May . First lady to campaign for Democrat in tight Iowa Senate race Michelle Obama hits the campaign trail	Sen. Kirk implies in a fund-raising email the first lady may run for his Senate seat Kirk ties the Obama "  rumor " to 1999 suggestions Hillary Clinton would run for Senate He asks supporters to help him "  fend off a challenge from a Democratic opponent " But even the President has said there 's no chance Michelle Obama will ever run for office
CNN  -- The parents of a Virginia Tech student who disappeared last month during a Metallica concert asked Wednesday for volunteers to help conduct a community search this weekend . Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old education major , went to the concert at the University of Virginia 's John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville , Virginia , on October 17 . Police said they are continuing to follow leads in the case , but have no new information . "  We will stop at nothing until she is found , " Harrington 's father , Dan Harrington of Roanoke , Virginia , told reporters Wednesday . During the concert , Harrington left her friends to use the restroom , Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said Wednesday , and when she did not return they called her on her cell phone at 8:48 p.m. . She told them she was outside the arena and could not get back in because of its policy , Geller said , but told them not to worry about her and that she would find a ride home . There are restrooms inside the arena , Geller said , and police do not know how or why Harrington got outside . Witnesses who saw her outside the arena said she did not appear to be with anyone , Geller said . At about 9:30 p.m. that night , witnesses reported seeing a person matching Harrington 's description walking on a nearby bridge , Geller said . No further sightings were reported . Harrington 's purse , with her identification and cell phone inside , was found the following day in an overflow parking lot near the arena , Geller said . A friend had driven Harrington 's car to the concert , she said , and so was still in possession of the car keys when they got separated . Police would not say whether Harrington was intoxicated . A $ 150,000 reward has been offered for information leading to Harrington 's whereabouts , Geller said . Of that , Metallica contributed $ 50,000 . Authorities have received more than 350 leads since Harrington disappeared , Geller said . She was reported missing the day after the concert , when she did not show up at her parents ' home to study for a math exam with her father . Working with police and the Texas-based Laura Recovery Center , the Harringtons organized the community search to begin Friday and reconvene Saturday or Sunday . The couple was joined at the Wednesday press conference by Ed Smart , whose daughter Elizabeth was abducted in 2002 . She returned home nine months later after police found her in the custody of suspect Brian David Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . "  When a child is missing , you have no idea of what to do and how to move forward , " Smart said , calling it "  the club that nobody wants to belong to . " "  There is n't a parent out there that would want to be in his position , " he said of Harrington . "  The importance of it is , there 's a girl that is lost out there that needs to be found . " Harrington said he reached out to Smart last week to seek advice on how to go through the disappearance of a child . Smart has been supportive and helpful , he said , and offered to come to Virginia and speak to reporters Wednesday . Gil Harrington spoke briefly . "  Morgan , two-for-one , " she said , referring to a motto on a Web site set up by the family , www.findmorgan.com : "  I love you too much , forever and once more . " "  We are trying to find you , " she told her daughter . "  We will never stop . We are trying , honey , hang on . And to the person who has taken Morgan from us , please just let her go . " Dan Harrington said Smart 's story had provided them with hope . "  People do come back , " he said . "  Not everyone is lost . We have to hold out hope that our daughter will return to us . " Smart told reporters he never lost hope that his daughter was alive , but "  that does n't mean there was n't doubt at times . " "  I believed she was still out there and felt that she would come home , " he said . "  That 's what we 're hoping for with Morgan . We just want to see her come home ... I believe that somebody can help us . " Harrington is 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighs 120 pounds , with blond hair and blue eyes . She was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt , a black miniskirt , black tights and black boots when last seen .	Morgan Harrington was separated from friends at Metallica concert on October 17 A $ 150,000 reward is being offered for information ; 350 tips have come in Woman fitting 20-year-old Virginia Tech student 's description spotted by bridge Harrington 's purse , cell phone found next day in overflow parking lot near arena
CNN  -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is doing well as she recovers from surgery , officials said Tuesday . "  The operation has been satisfactory ; it has turned out very well . The president is in her room and is in very good spirits , " presidential spokesman Alfredo Scoccimarro said in a statement . Doctors said there were no complications in the surgery to remove a blood clot from the surface of Fernandez 's brain . Fernandez , 60 , remained hospitalized in Buenos Aires and was "  progressing well , " doctors said . Over the weekend , doctors diagnosed Fernandez with a subdural hematoma and said she needed to take a month off of work . A subdural hematoma is a blood clot on the brain 's surface beneath its outer covering , called the dura . Often , in people over 60 , a brain trauma can cause the blood vessels in the brain to tear and blood to clot . According to Argentina 's constitution , the vice president assumes the presidency temporarily in the president 's absence . In a televised speech Monday , Vice President Amado Boudou said the situation was similar to the time when Fernandez temporarily handed presidential powers over to him when she underwent surgery in January 2012 to remove her thyroid . "  This phase of 30 days is exactly the same , " he said . "  There is no question or uncertainty , no strange question . She is taking her rest , a rest that she needs , and also that she deserves . ... And the key is to keep governing . And that is what she has asked of us . And that is what you will find the whole team of the president doing , governing . " CNN 's Nelson Quinones and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Spokesman : "  The president is in her room and is in very good spirits " Doctors say there were no complications in surgery to treat a subdural hematoma Fernandez remains hospitalized in Buenos Aires
CNN  -- The downfall of senior Communist Party "  princeling " Bo Xilai has become one of the most closely watched political scandals in China . Culminating in a suspended death sentence for a murder charge against his wife , Gu Kailai , the veritable soap opera offers a glimpse into the workings of the highest echelons of the Chinese government , which is preparing for a once-in-a-decade leadership transition this fall . November 14 , 2011 Briton Neil Heywood is found dead in a hotel room in Chongqing , a municipality in southwestern China . Authorities later rule the cause of death was alcohol poisoning , and his body is cremated . Heywood had been working as a business consultant in China for more than a decade . His death did not receive widespread attention until rumors of Bo Xilai 's alleged involvement arose in February . February 6 , 2012 Bo 's right-hand man , Chongqing police chief and deputy mayor , Wang Lijun flees to the U.S. consulate in Chengdu . He stays one night before leaving "  of his own volition " with Chinese security forces , according to the U.S. State Department . Wang has not been seen in public since . The Chongqing government releases a statement saying Wang has gone on medical leave for stress . March 9 , 2012 At the annual National People 's Congress meeting , Bo speaks out at a press conference , dismissing the allegations against him and his family as "  sheer rubbish . " "  A few people have been pouring filth on Chongqing and me and my family , " he said , rejecting Western media reports that his son drove a Ferrari . March 15 , 2012 The state-run Xinhua news service announces that Bo Xilai has been stripped of his post as party secretary of Chongqing . March 26 , 2012 The British Foreign Office confirms that in February it formally requested China to open a new inquiry in Heywood 's death . In response to speculation that Heywood was working as a spy in China , British Foreign Secretary William Hague later announces that Heywood "  was not an employee of the British Government in any capacity . " April 10 , 2012 Xinhua announces that Gu Kailai and family employee Zhang Xiaojun have been "  transferred to judicial authorities on -LSB- the -RSB- suspected crime of intentional homicide . " The same day , Xinhua reports that Bo has been suspended of his membership in the party 's Politburo and the Central Committee -- the nation 's ruling bodies -- because of suspected "  serious breach of regulations . " April 24 , 2012 A graduate student at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government , Bo Xilai 's son , Bo Guagua , makes his first public statement in the university 's newspaper . The 24-year-old denies rumors that he was living a playboy lifestyle while studying abroad but declines to comment on the ongoing investigation into his parents . June 13 , 2012 A French architect believed to be a close associate of Gu Kailai , Patrick Devillers , is arrested at his home by local police in Phnom Penh at China 's request . Cambodian police later say that Devillers , 52 , flew from Cambodia to China on July 17 of his own accord to assist Chinese authorities with their investigation into Gu . Devillers has denied any wrongdoing . July 26 , 2012 Gu Kailai and family employee Zhang Xiaojun are charged with "  intentional homicide " and will be prosecuted in the Hefei municipal court in Anhui province , according to Xinhua . It 's not clear whether Gu and Zhang have yet entered a plea because the legal proceedings have so far been behind closed doors . Meanwhile , Bo and the two suspects in the case have been kept out of the public eye since March and are unreachable for comment . August 20 , 2012 Following a one-day trial on August 9 , the court delivered a guilty verdict for Gu Kailai in the murder in the death of Neil Heywood . It gave her a suspended death sentence , which is expected to be commuted to life in prison if Gu does not commit crimes during a two-year reprieve . Family aide Zhang Xiaojun was also found guilty in Heywood 's death and sentenced to nine years in prison .	Court finds Gu Kailai guilty of murdering Neil Heywood and gives her suspended death sentence Sentence likely commuted to life in prison if Gu does not commit crimes during two-year reprieve Family aide Zhang Xiaojun also found guilty and sentenced to nine years in prison British embassy welcomes suspended death sentence
As season 5 of "  Duck Dynasty " wraps up , co-star Willie Robertson is not backing down from either his faith or the controversy those beliefs helped stir . His father , Phil Robertson , was suspended from the family 's hit A&E reality show in December amid the uproar over remarks he made about race and sexuality in a GQ magazine interview . Willie Robertson and his wife , Korie , spoke to CNN 's Kyra Phillips in an interview that aired Wednesday on "  New Day . " "  Phil  made Christmas very interesting for us , " the younger Robertson joked . New Day : Before season finale , a behind-the-scenes look at ` Duck Dynasty ' Robertson said he believed the GQ interviewer already "  had what he wanted to put , and he was specifically asking this and that . " "  Phil just said what he thought , what was on his heart , " his son said . "  He did some paraphrasing there . " The "  Duck Dynasty " patriarch paraphrased a verse from Corinthians and said , "  Do n't be deceived . Neither the adulterers , the idolaters , the male prostitutes , the homosexual offenders , the greedy , the drunkards , the slanderers , the swindlers -- they wo n't inherit the kingdom of God . Do n't deceive yourself . It 's not right . " The younger Robertson told CNN , "  I believe what the Bible says . " "  You have to read the Bible and make up your own mind , " he said . "  You have to decide , and God will ultimately decide then . We do n't profess to be God , and we certainly do n't profess to be perfect . Because we have our own sins that we deal with . " "  Anybody who knows  Phil  ... any gay , straight , black , white , anybody who knows Phil knows that he is about love and his message is about God 's love , God 's grace and his forgiveness , ultimately , " Korie Robertson added . The couple appear in the new film "  God 's Not Dead , " which , according to Entertainment Weekly , was a surprise hit with its recent opening weekend . It earned $ 8.6 million in only 780 theaters . The Robertson family is halfway through filming season 6 of the show , which has brought in millions beyond the success of its duck call business . But "  Duck Dynasty " ratings have slipped since the controversy . And if it all ended tomorrow , both the fame and the TV show , the couple says , the family would be just fine . "  We were able to use that platform to get out God 's message , and if it ended right there , it ended right there , " Willie Robertson said . "  I felt like that was pretty much what God prepared us to do . "	Willie Robertson told CNN 's "  New Day " he believes the Bible His wife says her father-in-law "  is about God 's love " The pair say they would be fine if their show ended
CNN  -- A cop killer and child molester who has been on the U.S. Marshals Service 's 15 most-wanted fugitive list for nearly four years was captured early Wednesday , authorities said . Paul Clouston , 73 , was taken into custody at a men 's group home in Merced , California , said Deputy U.S. Marshal Kevin Connolly . Agents with the fugitive task force "  observed a man resembling Clouston seated in a chair and reading a newspaper , " said the Marshals Service in a statement . "  He provided a false name three times before he said , ` I 'm Paul Clouston and I 'm tired of running , ' " Connolly told CNN . "  We always say we go after the worst of the worst , and it does n't get much worse than this type of predator , " Connolly added . "  We 're happy he 's off the streets . " Connolly said a viewer tip to the TV program "  America 's Most Wanted " led agents to the killer . Clouston murdered a police detective in Buena Park , California , in 1972 . He was convicted a year later . After serving 10 years in prison for the slaying , Clouston was released in 1982 . In 1991 , he was indicted on 17 counts of sexually abusing children in the Williamsburg , Virginia , area , according to the U.S. Marshals Service . Clouston pleaded guilty to the charges and was sent back to prison . He was paroled in 2005 but was placed on the fugitive list after he failed to register as a convicted sexual offender in Virginia . "  The capture of Paul Clouston is a testament to the effectiveness of our 15 most wanted list and the partnerships we maintain with other law enforcement agencies , " said John F. Clark , director of the U.S. Marshals Service in a statement . "  It also speaks volumes to the value of someone doing the right thing and reporting a suspicious individual . "	Fugitive Paul Clouston , 73 , taken into custody at men 's group home in California Clouston convicted , served time for killing police detective Clouston became fugitive when he failed to register as convicted sex offender Viewer tip to TV 's "  America 's Most Wanted " led agents to Clouston , official says
EW.com  -- A sci-fi reboot and kiddie sequel were no match for the third weekend of Christopher Nolan 's blockbuster Batman finale . The Dark Knight Rises led the box office for a third weekend in a row , grossing $ 36.4 million and giving Warner Bros. ' $ 250 million-budgeted Batman sequel $ 354.6 million domestically after 17 days . The film enjoyed a healthy 41 percent decline from its previous frame , and if its weekend estimate holds up , Rises will have notched a slimmer third weekend drop than The Dark Knight , which fell 43 percent to $ 42.7 million during its third weekend , thereby lifting its total to $ 393.8 million . The slim drop does not mean that Rises will outgross The Dark Knight domestically -- it has virtually no chance of catching its $ 533.3 million total -- but it may very well outdo its predecessor worldwide thanks to stronger international grosses . The Dark Knight grossed $ 468.6 million overseas , which gave it a jaw-dropping $ 1.002 billion cume worldwide . After three weekends , Rises has earned $ 378.4 million internationally  for a $ 733 million worldwide total  , and it looks like it is headed past the $ 1 billion mark as well . Although naysayers may point out that The Dark Knight Rises is performing below original domestic expectations , the film is clearly a hit . ` Breaking Bad ' : ` Fifty-One ' thoughts ? Sony reboot Total Recall started its run in second place with $ 26 million , only a touch higher than 1990  s Total Recall , which starred Arnold Schwarzenegger and opened with $ 25.5 million . If we adjust for inflation , the 1990 version , which ultimately grossed $ 119.4 million , opened to the equivalent of about $ 45 million and earned about $ 215 million in today 's dollars . Sony says it spent $ 125 million on the reboot  some reports suggest the budget reached $ 200 million  , but with poor reviews and a weak "  C + " CinemaScore , the film will almost certainly not recoup its budget  or its marketing costs  domestically . For star Colin Farrell , whose career held such promise in the early 2000s , Total Recall is the latest in a long line of box office misfires . With the exception of Horrible Bosses  in which Farrell appeared in a supporting role  , every wide release he has led since 2004  s Alexander has sputtered financially . Alexander grossed $ 34.3 million against a whopping $ 155 million budget . 2006  s Miami Vice earned $ 63.5 million against a $ 135 million budget . 2008  s Pride and Glory and 2011  s Fright Night , both of which cost $ 30 million , earned only $ 15.8 million and $ 18.3 million , respectively . ` Expendables 2 ' : ` Last Supper ' poster Diary of a Wimpy Kid : Dog Days took third place with $ 14.7 million , the lowest debut by far for a Wimpy Kid film . The original Diary started with $ 22.1 million in 2010 , and the sequel Rodrick Rules began with $ 23.8 million in 2011 . Notably , both those films opened in March rather than the relative dead zone of August . On the other hand , Dog Days will likely see better weekday grosses than its predecessors thanks to schools being out for the summer . Fox spent $ 22 million on Dog Days , and though it wo n't be a smash for the studio , it certainly wo n't be a pock on its record . Still , the franchise 's viability may be in question following the low opening . The young target audience for the Wimpy Kid films , many of whom read the popular books the films are based on , may well have outgrown the franchise in just two years . Fox will need to lure new viewers in order to maintain box office viability . Fortunately , audiences -- which were 58 percent female and 62 percent below the age of 25 -- liked what they saw and issued the film an "  A - " CinemaScore , which should lead to good word-of-mouth . ` Great Gatsby ' moving to summer 2013 Two more Fox films filled up the next two spots on the chart . Ice Age : Continental Drift finished its fourth weekend in fourth place , dipping 37 percent to $ 8.4 million . The frozen ` toon has earned $ 131.9 million total . Last weekend 's underperforming comedy The Watch continued its sorry run , falling 50 percent to $ 6.4 million . After 10 days , the Ben Stiller/Vince Vaughn/Jonah Hill vehicle has earned a sad $ 25.4 million against a $ 68 million budget . Two films reached major milestones this weekend . In sixth place , Ted earned another $ 5.5 million , which pushed its total past $ 200 million . The comedy , which has earned $ 203.4 million domestically against a $ 50 million budget , has a chance of becoming Universal 's biggest hit this year if it passes The Lorax 's $ 214 million cume . It 's also cleaning up overseas , where it has earned $ 77.3 million  including $ 14.3 million in the U.K. this weekend  early in its run . In eighth place , Sony 's The Amazing Spider-Man reached $ 250.7 million during its fifth weekend . The franchise reboot is just shy of $ 700 million worldwide . 1 . The Dark Knight Rises -- $ 36.4 million 2 . Total Recall -- $ 26.0 million 3 . Diary of a Wimpy Kid : Dog Days -- $ 14.7 million 4 . Ice Age : Continental Drift -- $ 8.4 million 5 . The Watch -- $ 6.4 million See full story at EW.com .	"  Dark Knight Rises " wins box office again The film beat out newcomer "  Total Recall ' "  Diary of a Wimpy Kid " came in third
CNN  -- When the Nintendo 3DS was introduced at the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  in 2010 , one of the announced games that drew the most favorable reaction was "  Kid Icarus : Uprising . " A follow-up to the original "  Kid Icarus " title that came out 25 years ago , this new version offers updated graphics , classic boss battles and humorous dialogue that , unfortunately , quickly becomes cheesy and trite . The story harkens back to the original as the forces of Light battle the forces of Darkness with the player acting as the champion for Light . The angel hero , Pit , must set out once again with the help of the goddess of Light , Palutena , to defeat Medusa and end the threat to the human race . Players control Pit with the device 's circle pad and use its stylus to aim and turn him . Firing his weapon is done with the left shoulder button on the 3DS . Fortunately , the game comes packed with a nifty stand , because trying to hold and maneuver gameplay was quite the contortion . Even using the stylus after a while became painful in my wrist . The game does remind you from time to time to take a break , so perhaps the developers thought there might be a problem . Combat is broken down into three sections for each chapter : flight battle , ground battle and boss battle . In the air , Pit attempts to shoot enemies while continuously flying forward . He is able to dodge around the screen but his motion is always moving ahead . On the ground  because apparently this angel has a limit on how much he can fly  , Pit navigates through a series of rooms and pathways , defeating enemies and collecting hearts . Hearts are the currency by which players can obtain new weapons and skills . The boss battles close each chapter , involving classic characters and a combination of nimble dodging and intense firepower . The bosses are returning enemies from the original title , but offer new challenges for fans of the franchise . The intensity of each chapter can change as well , ramping up the enemies and the loot . A device called the Fiend 's Caldron allows players to spend hearts to adjust the difficulty . Want to make it easier ? That 'll cost you . If you want more , you bet hearts that you can complete the chapter , winning you more hearts . Pit has nine weapon types at his disposal and can equip one before each chapter . Ranging from rifles to clubs , each offers special advantages . One nice feature is that some weapons can be fused with other weapons to create even more powerful attacks . Plus , some of the names are really quite charming . If there is a downside to the game , it is the dialogue . It starts off being funny and cute , but I get the feeling the writers were trying too hard in the later stages of the game . There are plenty of silly pop-culture references that do n't quite work in this mythological setting : "  Happy meal of pain " ? Really ? The talk also clashes with the action . Many times , the dialogue ran on so long that I completed the fight before the characters were done trash-talking each other . It ended up almost ruining the entire experience . Overall , "  Kid Icarus : Uprising " does offer some solid combat , some great visuals and a good soundtrack . The gameplay is good , and the story does move along at a brisk pace . However , it 's hobbled by an uncomfortable playing configuration that cries out for a second circle pad  Circle Pad Pro , anyone ?  instead of the stylus pointer . . "  Kid Icarus : Uprising " is available now and only for the Nintendo 3DS . It is rated E 10 + for everyone 10 years old and older due to comic mischief , fantasy violence , and mild suggestive themes . This review was done using the Nintendo 3DS with no extra hardware attachments .	The game is a follow-up to the original "  Kid Icarus " title that came out 25 years ago A device called the Fiend 's Caldron allows players to spend hearts to adjust the difficulty Some weapons can be fused with other weapons to create even more powerful attacks "  Kid Icarus : Uprising " is available now and only for the Nintendo 3DS
The father of NSA leaker Edward Snowden told reporters in Moscow that he thinks his son deserves a Nobel Peace Prize . He arrived there Thursday for his first visit with his son since the former government IT contractor fled the United States after leaking National Security Agency spy program details to the media . Members of the European Parliament nominated Snowden in September for the Andrei Sakharov Prize , which honors figures who stand up to oppressive powers . The prize was awarded to Pakistani education activist Malala Yousafzai on Thursday . "  Edward took the Sakharov prize nomination very calmly , " Lon Snowden told reporters at Moscow 's Sheremetyevo International Airport . "  He wanted to expose the injustices in the American system , and was n't doing it with any awards in mind . " Edward Snowden collected information on spy programs , in which the NSA mined phone and Internet metadata from thousands of people inside and outside of the United States . He exposed the program to the media . Anticipating legal consequences , he initially fled to Hong Kong in late May but flew to Moscow on June 23 . He was holed up at the airport for more than five weeks . U.S. authorities have charged him with espionage and theft of government property . Snowden received asylum in Russia on August 1 and left the airport . Snowden 's father : ' I know my son . I know he loves his country ' Low profile Lon Snowden 's visit to Russia seems shrouded in mystery , as Edward Snowden is keeping information about himself close to the vest . "  I 've had no direct contact with my son despite previous reports , so I really have no idea what his intentions are , " Lon Snowden told reporters at the airport . Snowden the son has kept a low profile , apparently not even telling his father where in Russia he is living . "  I can not answer the question if Edward is in Moscow , " Lon Snowden said . "  I do n't know that . I have n't been informed where Edward is right now . " His lawyer , Anatoly Kucherena , also has not disclosed Snowden 's location . But he told reporters that he had met with him Wednesday . It appears that Snowden is settling in to his new surroundings . He has been living from savings and donations but has had some job offers , Kucherena said . "  I am confident that he would find a high-paying job . He is very capable . " He is also learning Russian and soaking in Russian culture , Kucherena said . And he has a girlfriend . The lawyer earlier told reporters that Edward Snowden may hold a news conference soon , but later reversed that , saying the former contractor had no intention of speaking publicly . Since the movie "  The Fifth Estate " came out , which is based on the experiences of WikiLeaker Julian Assange , producers have contacted Snowden about telling his story on film . But he does not seem interested at the time . Defending his son As in the past , Lon Snowden defended his son 's actions Thursday , calling him a "  whistle-blower " who is "  not leaking information . " "  I do n't think the American public knows all the details of what my son did , " he said . Snowden has said that he does not expect his son to receive a fair trial in the United States and would not want him to come home , until that changes . "  I 'm not sure that my son will be returning to the U.S. again . That 's his decision . He is an adult , " the elder Snowden told reporters . He thanked the Russian people and President Vladimir Putin for taking his son in . "  I consider Edward to be absolutely safe in Russia . He is comfortable here , " he said . Lon Snowden has received a visa for multiple entries into the country . "  I hope to return to Russia many times , " he said . Father Lon carefully separated his own interests from Edward Snowden 's , speaking of getting on with his own life in the United States , while his son moves on with his in Russia . But he in no way distanced himself from the younger Snowden . He told reporters : "  I am his father . I love my son . " Snowden : My father and his legal team do not speak for me	Edward Snowden has job offers in Russia and has a girlfriend there , lawyer says Snowden 's father says he wants to get on with his life but stresses that he loves his son Snowden fled the U.S. after leaking information about NSA spy programs He received asylum in Russia after being holed up at a Moscow airport for weeks
CNN  -- Lighthouse keeper J.A. Eckerman was the last person to see World War II Soviet submarine S-2 before it sank in January 1940 between Sweden and Finland . A team of Swedish and Finnish divers had been searching for the Soviet submarine S-2 since 1999 . As the submarine dove near the island of Market , northwest of Aland , Eckerman heard a loud explosion and saw smoke rise from the water . The long-lost wreck was missing for 69 years until a team of Swedish and Finnish divers -- including Eckerman 's grandson Ingvald -- discovered it this year . What remains of the sub was found between the Swedish coast and the Finnish island of Aland , northeast of Stockholm , in late February , the divers announced Tuesday . The submarine was very badly damaged by the explosion , said Marten Zetterstrom , one of the divers . The front gun is still there , and a torpedo is still in one of the tubes , but about 20 meters  about 65 feet  of the vessel is missing . The search had been going on for nearly 10 years , the divers said in a news release . The sub had a crew of 46 and four passengers when it sank . Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines . Russia has contacted Swedish and Finnish authorities to clarify what caused the submarine to sink , the divers said . Finland was at war with the Soviet Union at the time the sub sank . A deal between Germany and the Soviets had put the Nordic nation within the Soviet "  sphere of influence , " and Soviet troops had invaded Finland late in 1939 . The fighting was mostly confined to Finland 's eastern border . Just two months after the submarine 's sinking , a temporary peace agreement was reached . Sweden remained neutral in World War II . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Lighthouse watchman last saw it 69 years ago before it sank near island of Market The Soviet submarine S-2 had a crew of 46 and four passengers when it sank Remains found between Swedish coast and Finnish island of Aland in February Sweden and Finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mines
CNN  -- Angolan authorities have arrested two people in an attack on the Togo national soccer team that left three dead , state media reported . The men were captured at the same location in the state of Cabinda where the bus carrying the soccer team came under fire on Friday , the Angolan Press Agency said Sunday . It did not say when they were arrested . The suspects were said to be members of the Forces for Liberation of the State of Cabinda , an armed wing of a separatist group that has claimed responsibility for the attack and has threatened to strike again . Cabinda is a disputed oil-rich enclave in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and is the site of eight matches in the African Cup of Nations tournament , to which the soccer team was headed . The tournament is one of the biggest sporting events in the world this year , and Angola 's first since a 2002 peace deal ended decades of civil war in the southern African country . The president of the Confederation of African Football sent "  his most heartfelt condolences " to Togo Monday . Issa Hayatou expressed his sympathy "  on behalf of the entire African football family " in a letter to Togo 's President Faure Gnassingbe , the confederation announced . Togo tragedy should not increase World Cup worries Hayatou went to Cabinda personally following the attack , the sports body said . The confederation will observe a moment of silence in memory of the slain Togolese before each match in the first round of the tournament , it announced Monday . Togo striker Thomas Dossevi said rebels opened fire on the team bus with AK-47 assault rifles . The gunfire killed the team 's assistant coach , its communication officer and the bus driver . At least seven others were wounded , including goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale . Erin Smylie , a spokeswoman for the South African hospital that has been treating Obilale , told British newspaper The Daily Telegraph the 25-year-old remained "  stable but ventilated and sedated to assist with recovery . " After the ambush , Togo 's government said the squad had to return home , though the team had indicated it would like to play . "  It 's disappointing that Togo left , but it was a difficult decision , " said Kwesi Nyantakyi , president of the Ghana Football Association . Do you think athletes are an easy target for attack ? Togo was to play Ghana on Monday . "  I saw them . They were really down . We tried to console them and encourage them . Their departure was a definite blow to the competition , " Nyantakyi said Monday . Angolan officials -- trying to assuage security fears that could dampen the nation 's sporting aspirations -- vowed to heighten security , particularly in Cabinda . " ` The security has definitely improved since we arrived here on Thursday , " Nyantakyi said . "  There are helicopters flying in the air , patrol teams in the host venue . ... We have security all the time , even at the hotel . " CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	NEW : Angola news agency : Two men arrested over attack on Togo team Suspects said to be members of separatist rebel group Rebels want independence for oil-rich Congolese enclave of Cabinda
CNN  -- The violent clashes between anti-government protesters and government troops in Bangkok follows years of political instability and unrest in Thailand : September 2006 : Military seizes power in a bloodless coup while then-Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra is out of the country December 2007 : Thaksin 's allies win democratic elections under the People Power Party banner . May 2008 : Anti-Thaksin protesters , known as the Yellow Shirts , stage protests for several months November 2008 : Yellow Shirts occupy two airports , stranding thousands of passengers as flights are canceled December 2008 : Thailand 's Constitutional Court dissolves the ruling party after finding the party committed electoral fraud ; Parliament chooses Abhisit Vejjajiva as the country 's new prime minister while Red Shirts protest outside April 2009 : Two people are killed and at least 135 wounded in riots when anti-government protesters clash with demonstrators supporting the government . February 2010 : Thai Supreme Court finds Thaksin guilty of abuse of power and votes to seize his assets March 12 , 2010 : Red Shirt protesters take to the streets of Bangkok , demanding new elections and saying Abhisit was not democratically elected March 14 , 2010 : Tens of thousands of Red Shirt protesters pour into the center of Bangkok , bringing the city to a virtual standstill in an effort to topple the Thai government . March 16 , 2010 : Red Shirts organize a blood drive and spatter donated blood on government buildings and the prime minister 's residence March 28 , 2010 : Abhisit meets with Red Shirt leaders , but no agreement is reached April 7 , 2010 : Abhisit declares a state of emergency in Bangkok and nearby provinces after anti-government demonstrators stormed into the country 's parliament April 10 , 2010 : Military and police forces use tear gas and rubber bullets to contain protesters who are trying to break into military barracks ; the clashes injure more than 850 people and kill 25 April 16 , 2010 : Abhisit hands security operations over to the military after three Red Shirt leaders escape from a hotel surrounded by security forces April 18 , 2010 : Thai military stations about 1,500 troops along a Bangkok road as Red Shirt protesters occupy a downtown shopping district and threaten to expand into they city 's financial center April 22 , 2010 : A series of grenade attacks at protests kill one person and wound dozens April 28 , 2010 : Troops fire on anti-government protesters gathering on a major highway ; one soldier is killed May 3 , 2010 : Government offers to hold elections in November if Red Shirts end protest in commercial center May 7-8 , 2010 : Two Thai police officers are killed and eight people are injured in overnight violence in areas where Red Shirt protesters are camped out May 12 , 2010 : Government says it will shut off power , cut supplies and seal off the central Bangkok intersection where Red Shirt protesters have amassed after demonstrators disregard an ultimatum from Abhisit to vacate the area May 13 , 2010 : Militant anti-government faction leader Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdiphol -- a renegade general better known as Seh Daeng , which means Red Commander -- is shot in the head while talking to reporters , sparking clashes that kill one person May 14 , 2010 : Troops and protesters continue to clash ; at least seven are killed May 15 , 2010 : In his weekly televised address , Abhisit says extremist protesters are trying to foment civil war ; standoff continues , with at least 16 more killed May 16 , 2010 : Intense gunbattle breaks out in Bangkok 's Lumpini Park , where Red Shirt protesters have amassed by the thousands ; Hospital officials say one soldier is among the 11 killed in Sunday 's fighting May 17 , 2010 : Hospital officials announce that Khattiya has died ; government orders protesters to leave the demonstration area by 3 p.m. , warning that those who do not will face a maximum sentence of two year 's imprisonment for violating the order May 18 , 2010 : Protesters hold their ground even as some are arrested ; the U.N. pushes for negotiations but the government says it will only talk when opposition ends protests May 19 , 2010 : Security forces surge into Lumpini Park in the largest offensive on protesters since demonstrations began ; At least 2 people , including an Italian , are among the dead , prompting some Red Shirts leaders to talk about ending the protests	Thailand has been sporadically crippled by unrest since 2006 coup Allies of deposed PM Thaksin are protesting against current regime Protests have erupted into deadly street battles in recent weeks State of emergency in place since April in Bangkok , elsewhere in country
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Cell phone users will get text message alerts of emergencies under a new nationwide alert system approved late Wednesday by the Federal Communications Commission , according to FCC spokesman Robert Kenny . An emergency text message would be sent in the event of a widespread disaster , severe weather or child abduction . Under the plan , the FCC will appoint a federal agency to create the messages and pass them on to cell phone companies that choose to participate , an FCC representative said earlier . Once that agency is named , the participating cell phone providers would have 10 months to comply with the new system 's requirements . "  It is essential that we support and advance new ways to share critical , time-sensitive information with them in times of crisis , " FCC chairman Kevin J. Martin said in a written statement . Earlier , the FCC representative explained how the plan would work . Cell phone companies that voluntarily opt into the system would send text-based alert messages to subscribers in response to three types of events : T-Mobile , Verizon , Sprint Nextel and AT&T all stated that they would be likely to opt into the alert system if it is passed by the FCC . "  While we obviously need to review the details of the FCC 's decision , we look forward to offering mobile emergency alerts to our customers , " AT&T said in a written statement . A Sprint representative said the company would participate if the FCC adopts the plan exactly as it was recommended by an advisory group . A federal agency , yet to be appointed , would create the messages and information that would go to the participating cell phone companies , an FCC spokesman said . Once that agency is named , all carriers that opt into the system will have to meet the requirements of the system within 10 months . Subscribers would be able to opt out of receiving the messages , according to the current plan , and carriers would be required to provide vibration or audio attention signals with a distinct sound for people with disabilities . The alert system plan was generated from an act Congress passed in 2006 that looked at emergency communications . The act directed the National Telecommunications and Information Administration , the Department of Homeland Security , the FCC and other agencies to work together to enhance and expand the capabilities of emergency communications in the United States . E-mail to a friend	A federal agency , yet to be appointed , would create the messages Texts would be sent in case of terrorist acts , weather disasters and Amber alerts T-Mobile , Verizon , Sprint Nextel and AT&T say they would opt into system Subscribers would be able to opt out of receiving the messages
Fragments of humans ' ancient relatives are scattered across the globe . Sometimes a tooth or a few bones are all we have to tell us about an entire species closely related to humans that lived thousands or millions of years ago . So when anyone finds a complete skull of a possible human ancestor , paleoanthropologists rejoice . But with new knowledge comes new controversy over a fossil 's place in our species ' very fuzzy family tree . In the eastern European nation of Georgia , a group of researchers has excavated a 1.8 million-year-old skull of an ancient human relative , whose only name right now is Skull 5 . They report their findings in the journal Science , and say it belongs to our genus , called Homo . "  This is most complete early Homo skull ever found in the world , " said lead study author David Lordkipanidze , researcher at the Georgian National Museum in Tbilisi . Skull 5 is the fifth example of a hominid -- a bipedal primate mammal that walked upright -- from this time period found at the site in Dmanisi , Georgia . Stone tools and animal bones have also been recovered from the area . The variation in physical features among the Dmanisi hominid specimens is comparable to the degree of diversity found in humans today , suggesting that they all belong to one species , Lordkipanidze said . But "  if you will put separately all these five skulls and five jaws in different places , maybe people will call it as a different species , " he said . Now it gets more controversial : Lordkipanidze and colleagues also propose that these individuals are members of a single evolving Homo erectus species , examples of which have been found in Africa and Asia . The similarities between the new skull from Georgia and Homo erectus remains from Java , Indonesia , for example , may mean there was genetic "  continuity across large geographic distances , " the study said . What 's more , the researchers suggest that the fossil record of what have been considered different Homo species from this time period -- such as Homo ergaster , Homo rudolfensis and Homo habilis -- could actually be variations on a single species , Homo erectus . That defies the current understanding of how early human relatives should be classified . Because of Skull 5 and the other Dmanisi fossils , scientists are "  rethinking what happened in Africa , " Lordkipanidze said . The Dmanisi individuals appear to have long legs and short arms , based on the fossils that have been found , said study co-author Marcia Ponce de Leon , of the Anthropological Institute at the University of Zurich , Switzerland , at a press conference . The braincase of Skull 5 is 546 cubic centimeters , which is smaller than expected . The biggest brain case found at Dmanisi is 75 % larger than the smallest one , which is consistent with what is observed in modern humans , said study co-author Christoph Zollikofer of the Anthropological Institute in Zurich . At Dmanisi , researchers believe carnivores and hominids were fighting over animal carcasses . The stone tools appear to have been used in butchering , based on the cut marks on animal bones , Lordkipanidze said . They are comparable to tools that have been found in Africa . "  It 's a real snapshot in time , " Lordkipanidze said of the Dmanisi site . Skull 5 , excavated in 2005 , was matched to a jaw discovered in 2000 . The first example of a hominid fossil at Dmanisi was discovered in 1991 . So what species came after Homo erectus in the history of human relatives ? Scientists have no idea , Zollikofer said . "  It would be nice to say this is the last common ancestor of Neanderthals and us , but we simply do n't know , " Zollikofer said . The Dmanisi fossils are a great find , say anthropology researchers not involved with the excavation . But they 're not sold on the idea that this is the same Homo erectus from both Africa and Asia -- or that individual Homo species from this time period are really all one species . "  The specimen is wonderful and an important contribution to the hominin record in a temporal period where there are woefully too few fossils , " said Lee Berger , paleoanthropologist at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg , in an e-mail . But the suggestion that these fossils prove an evolving lineage of Homo erectus in Asia and Africa , Berger said , is "  taking the available evidence too far . " Berger led the team that discovered Australopithecus sediba , a possible human ancestor that lived around 2 million years ago in South Africa . He criticized the authors of the new study for not comparing the fossils at Dmanisi to A. sediba or to more recent fossils found in East Africa . Ancient fossils question human family tree Lordkipanidze said he and colleagues consider A. sediba to be earlier and more primitive than the Dmanisi hominids , and that there 's "  no doubt " the Georgian fossils belong to the Homo genus . But the selectivity of fossils compared to them in this study may have artificially biased the results toward the researchers ' hypotheses , Berger said . Ian Tattersall , curator emeritus at the American Museum of Natural History 's anthropology division , said in an e-mail that there 's "  no way this extraordinarily important specimen is Homo erectus , " if the skull fragment discovered in Trinil , Java , Indonesia , defines the features of the Homo erectus group . The New York museum 's Hall of Human Origins takes visitors on a tour through human evolutionary history , showing distinct Homo species reflected in major fossil finds such as Turkana Boy  Homo ergaster  and Peking man  Homo erectus  . The Dmanisi discovery may find a place there too , but it 's probably not going to result in relabeling other species , Tattersall said . "  Right now I certainly would n't change the Hall -- except to add the specimen , which really is significant , " he said . There is an area of about 50,000 square meters at Dmanisi still to be excavated , so Skull 5 may have even more company . Ancient creature had spider-like brain Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau .	1.8 million-year-old fossils are a "  snapshot in time , " researcher says Fossils call into question the classification of distinct species of ancient human relatives Study authors argue there was one Homo erectus lineage that left Africa for Eurasia Other anthropologists do n't buy the argument but say skull is important
CNN  -- It is the breakthrough signing that has confirmed Paris Saint-Germain 's arrival as a potent force in European football as they unveiled Swedish superstar Zlatan Ibrahimovic on Tuesday . The striker has been tempted away from Italian giants AC Milan to ply his trade in the French league , signing on a three-year contract for a reputed fee of $ 24.5 million . Ibrahimovic 's capture again underlines the intentions of PSG 's owners , Qatar Sports Investment , who have repeatedly stated their intention to transform the club into one of the world 's biggest and best . And they have certainly put their money where their mouth is in the transfer market , signing Brazilian defender Thiago Motta as well as Argentina playmakers Ezequiel Lavezzi and Javier Pastore for enormous fees . Putting pride back into PSG : Qataris aim to be world 's best But none of those who have joined the fledgling project can match the profile of Ibrahimovic , who was top scorer in Serie A last season with 28 goals . "  I want to thank Paris Saint-Germain and  sporting director  Leonardo for the great work they 've done , " Ibrahimovic told a press conference at the club 's Parc des Princes stadium . "  I think they 've made something that looked impossible , possible . I 'm very happy to be sitting here . After lots of talks , I 'm finally a PSG player . It 's a big step in my career , another dream come true . "  I think this is a very interesting project and I had no doubts . In my mind I was very clear , and I knew what I wanted . "  I want to be part of this club 's history and I 'm pretty sure we will make history . I came here to win , not for anything else , and I 'm pretty sure we 'll win some trophies . " Ibrahimovic has played for many of Europe 's top clubs in his glittering career to date . He won two Dutch titles during a three year stay at Ajax Amsterdam before moving to Juventus in Italy . He then moved to Internazionale where he helped the Nerazzurri claim three league titles before he moved to Barcelona , winning five trophies in his two seasons at the Spanish club . Ibrahimovic left after falling out with former coach Josep Guardiola and returned to Italy to play for AC Milan . There he won the Italian Cup and Serie A title . French football 's $ 56M man : PSG poster boy Pastore His decision to leave Italy for a league many believe to be inferior could prove a watershed moment for PSG and the domestic French competition . But the Swedish star denied some press reports that he was pushed out of Milan because the club were keen to trim their wage bill . "  No-one at Milan influenced me , " he said . "  It was my choice and my choice alone . I was very happy to be at Milan . They gave me my smile back . "  It 's a club that will stay in my heart . They helped me and my family , and I do n't want to put a shadow over my time there . They made it easy for me to come to PSG so I thank them and I wish them all the best . " PSG also announced the signing of 19-year-old midfielder Marco Verratti from Serie A club Pescara and the club 's sporting director Leonardo said that their transfer business had now been completed . "  The market is closed for new arrivals , " he said . "  With Zlatan we 've finished in the transfer window this year . "	Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic signs for French club Paris Saint-Germain Ibrahimovic joins from Italian giants AC Milan for a reported fee of $ 24.5 m Star is latest big-money capture by PSG , owned by Qatar Sports Investment PSG have also signed defender Thiago Motta and striker Ezequiel Lavezzi
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nine crew members aboard the French speed sailing trimaran l'Hydroptere were injured on Sunday when the boat flipped while traveling at more than 60 knots  over 110 kilometers an hour  off the southern coast of France . Capsized : French trimaran l'Hydroptere floats upside-down after flipping in high winds Sunday . The boat , which is the world 's fastest yacht over one nautical mile , has been trying to claim the world outright speed sailing record , which would require an average speed of 60 miles per hour  about 52 knots or 96 kilometers per hour  over 500 meters . The current record is held by French kite surfer Alexandre Caizergues who managed an average speed of 50.57 knots . Sunday 's accident occurred in heavy wind gusts of over 45 knots off Napolon beach at Port-Saint-Louis-du-Rhne , near Marseille . View photos of the capsized boat " A statement from the l'Hydroptere team said the nine crew members had sustained minor injuries when an unexpectedly strong squall hit the boat and capsized it . All of the crew had escaped serious injury and rescue crews on standby managed to pick them up from the water . A spokeswoman from the team told CNN it was understood the mast may have been broken , which could put the boat out of action for several months .  Read more about the intense race to become the fastest boat on the planet . The team skipper Alain Thebault and his crew had organized for the trimaran to be towed to shore and moored in Fos sur Mer , before being put in dry dock to assess the damage . The spokeswoman said conditions were too rough to remove the boat from the water on Sunday , so it was hoped this would be done Monday afternoon . Despite the injuries , the crew were delighted to have achieved speeds of more than 60 knots , as it had confirmed the boat 's potential , the spokeswoman said . It was understood that no other vessels as large as l'Hydroptere had managed to pass the 60 knots barrier . Its top speed of 61 knots equates to about 112 kilometers per hour or 70 miles per hour .	French speed sailing trimaran l'Hydroptere capsized on Sunday off France The nine crew on board received minor injuries but all escaped serious harm The boat may be out of action for several months due to fears the mast broke
CNN  -- Will the Christmas Day arrest of one of America 's highest-paid television actors spell the end of his career ? When that actor is Charlie Sheen , the answer is probably not . Sheen , 44 , whose real name is Carlos Irwin Estevez , has known scandal before and has worked each of his arrests , divorces and indiscretions into the canon of bad-boy lore that has made him essentially scandal-proof . "  Charlie Sheen has bounced back from various scandals , and I do n't think anyone expects anything more from him , " said public relations expert Vanessa J. Horwell , founder and Chief Visibility Officer of ThinkInk PR . "  Bad-boy behavior is part of his persona that 's been a work in progress since the 1980s . He has bounced back time and time again . " The latest scandal to rock Sheen 's world is his December 25 arrest in Aspen , Colorado , on second-degree assault and menacing charges , both felonies , and criminal mischief , a misdemeanor . Sheen has been married to sometime actress and real estate investor Brooke Mueller Sheen , 32 , his third wife , since May 2008 . The couple have twin sons who were born in March . They were reportedly having an argument when he was arrested . A 911 call released by Aspen police on Monday revealed Mueller Sheen reporting a domestic abuse case and alleging that Sheen was threatening her with a knife . Sheen 's publicist Stan Rosenfield issued a statement following the arrest on Friday urging against a rush to judgment against his client . "  Do not be misled by appearance , " Rosenfield said . "  Appearance and reality can be as different as night and day . It would benefit everyone not to jump to any conclusion . " While any claims of violence against women , whether real or alleged , can be career ending for a celebrity , Sheen seems to be a special case . This is not the first time he has been at the center of a domestic violence scandal , and the stories do n't seem to harm his reputation . Sheen 's long history of questionable behavior began in 1990 when he was dating actress Kelly Preston . Reports surfaced then that Preston had been shot in the arm . In 2001 Sheen explained to Playboy magazine that it was a "  complete accident . I was n't even in the room . She picked up a pair of my pants . ... A little revolver fell out of my back pocket , hit the bathroom floor and went off . It shot a hole through the toilet and she got hit in the leg with shrapnel . " The couple split soon after the incident and Preston married actor John Travolta in 1991 . In 1994 Sheen was the only celebrity client whose name was publicly released during the trial of "  Hollywood Madam " Heidi Fleiss . In 1996 adult film actress Brittany Ashland accused Sheen of throwing her on the floor and splitting her lip . Sheen pleaded no contest to battery charges and was fined $ 2,800 . He entered rehab in 1998 after an alleged drug overdose . During the course of his divorce from model-turned-actress Denise Richards in 2006 , Richards filed a restraining order against Sheen , claiming he tried to kill her . Sheen released a statement at the time saying : "  Obviously , what has taken place is vile , is unconscionable , is without merit , is a transparent and immature smear campaign . She 's claiming certain things . It 's baseless . " Sheen and Richards have continued to have a rocky relationship , often arguing over issues regarding the couple 's two children Sam , 5 , and Lola , 4 . Sheen is currently a high-profile pitchman for Hanes clothing products . In one recent commercial , as he attempts to talk with retired basketball star Michael Jordan , he buffoonishly crashes his car and is cheered on for his antics by a parking valet . Bob Oltmanns , who teaches public relations at Carnegie Mellon University , believes that the most recent incident wo n't harm Sheen 's status as a commercial spokesperson . He compares Sheen with Tiger Woods , who was dropped by a number of sponsors in the wake of his own sex scandal where he admitted infidelity , though Woods unlike Sheen has not been charged with any criminal wrongdoing . "  The Sheen scandal is a pretty stark contrast to Tiger Woods . This behavior is built into the fabric of Charlie Sheen 's bad-boy profile , unlike with Tiger where it was unexpected , " said Oltmanns . "  So I think he will bounce back as long as his popularity on his show remains high . People were shocked with Tiger Woods because the behavior did n't fit the image . People are much less shocked with Sheen because the behavior does fit the image . " Sheen , the son of actor Martin Sheen , had his breakthrough film role in 1986 in the Vietnam War drama "  Platoon . " In 1987 he starred with his father in the ode to 1980 's greed , "  Wall Street . " He also appeared in the comedy franchises "  Hot Shots " and "  Major League . " In 2003 Sheen was cast as the lothario brother Charlie Harper on the CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men , " along with Jon Cryer . His character -- a freewheeling and hedonistic commercial jingle writer whose life is complicated when his divorced brother and nephew move into his beach house -- was loosely based on Sheen 's own rogue image . In May CBS renewed the series for three more seasons and in 2008 Sheen topped the list of the highest-paid actors on television , earning a reported $ 825,000 per episode . "  Two and a Half Men " has an average run of 23 episodes per year . A representative for Sheen said in an e-mail Monday that his client would not be losing his endorsement deal with Hanes or his role on "  Two and a Half Men . " Calls and e-mails to CBS regarding Sheen 's future on the show were not returned , but veteran showbiz observers agree that because Sheen 's alter ego on the show depends in part on Sheen 's real-life shenanigans , his role should not be in jeopardy . "  Business is going to continue as usual for Charlie after the holidays are over , " said Rebecca Brooks , crisis manager and president of The Brooks Group . "  The events of the past week have been sad , but not surprising , and definitely not career-ending . "	Charlie Sheen is one of America 's highest-paid television actors Sheen was arrested Christmas Day on second-degree assault , menacing charges Denise Richards filed a restraining order against Sheen during their divorce in 2006
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Thursday 's Los Angeles Dodgers game was a "  safe " event , police said , after security was beefed up in the wake of a March 31 attack in which a San Francisco Giants fan was seriously injured . "  We had a great safe game , " said Los Angeles Police Department Deputy Chief Jose Perez , after the Dodgers loss . "  This is the benchmark we will have at future Dodger games . " As police talked about their efforts to add security to baseball games , Bryan Stow was still hospitalized from being beaten after a recent Dodgers-Giants game . Stow , 42 , was put in a medically induced coma following the attack . About 100 witnesses saw Stow attacked as he left a stadium parking lot . The two suspected assailants fled after the beating in a light-colored , four-door car driven by a woman with a young boy inside , authorities have said . Family members said doctors have lowered Stow 's sedation and are hoping he wakes up soon . "  We have received hundreds of tips , but we are far from a solution , " Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck told reporters Thursday . He appealed to those with information to come forward , saying they can do so anonymously . He showed reporters new composite sketches of the suspects . Officials are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to arrests and convictions . There was increased police presence inside and outside the stadium Thursday . Officers were tasked with ensuring the no-tailgating rule was enforced and no fans were drinking in surrounding areas before entering the stadium , police said . In addition , increased lighting has been added to the parking lots . There were at least 38 people cited for various violations including having an open container of alcohol and drinking in public , Perez said . Perez said he had not heard of any reports of violent offenses Thursday . Dodgers owner Frank McCourt said he hopes officials can go even further and bring about changes in fans ' behavior . "  We sincerely hope that the solutions we put in place here at Dodger Stadium will be used at sports and entertainment venues throughout America , " McCourt said . Stow is hospitalized at the Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center . As of Wednesday , "  There have been no more seizures for a couple days , " Stow 's sister Erin wrote on a website launched to provide updates on his condition , www.support4bryanstow.com . Doctors have been lowering his sedation , she wrote . "  Once it 's out of his system , he can be examined and hopefully  praying  he responds to commands . Or better yet , wakes up . " Stow 's cousin , John Stow , told CNN affiliate KRON on Thursday , it 's not known when Stow will wake up . "  Head injuries are unique , " he said . "  Every case is different , so we 're just going to be patient ... Bryan 's going to do it when he 's ready . " The family has said they are grateful for the outpouring of support . Since the unprovoked attack , money has poured in from numerous donors and fundraising events to help pay for Stow 's medical costs and support his two young children . Giants pitcher Tim Lincecum announced on his Facebook page that he plans to contribute $ 25,000 to the Bryan Stow Fund . "  This was a senseless act of violence , and I wanted to help out Mr. Stow and his family , " Lincecum stated . "  I encourage Giants fans to support Mr. Stow in a positive way and hope there are not any more unfortunate acts between fans in this great rivalry . " At a dual fundraiser Monday at Dodger Stadium and AT&T Park in San Francisco , where the two teams play , more than $ 120,000 was raised , said American Medical Response spokesman Jason Sorrick . In all , more than $ 200,000 has been raised for Stow , who works for AMR . "  We could n't be more proud of Bryan and the way the community has rallied around him , " John Stow said . Another event was to be held in the San Francisco area Thursday . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	NEW : Giants pitcher says he 'll donate $ 25,000 to injured fan fund San Francisco Giants fan Bryan Stow was beaten March 31 Doctors put him in a medically induced coma , but have decreased his sedation There were at least 38 people cited for minor violations Thursday as police beefed up security
CNN  -- A growing number of Chinese are keeping their cash in their wallets this Lunar New Year as the traditional exchange of red packets of money is moving from the physical world into the digital space . The tradition of giving cash gifts of "  lucky money "  "  hong bao " in Mandarin and "  lai see " in Cantonese  goes back centuries and can be particularly lucrative for the young and the unmarried . As the country increasingly embraces online transactions and e-commerce models , tradition is taking a back seat to convenience as more and more lucky money recipients prefer to receive their money via electronic means . A recent study conducted by Shanghai-based Avanti Research Partner showed that 58 % of respondents preferred their hong bao directly deposited into their accounts . The country is becoming increasingly connected -- over 90 % of 18 to 30 year olds in China own an internet-connected smartphone , according to a Global Times survey published last year . Of course , China 's internet giants have not been slow to capitalize on this trend , with Shenzhen-based Tencent last week launching their ` New Year Red Envelope ' app , an add-on to its phenomenally popular WeChat messaging service . The company 's 600 million-plus WeChat users can send each other lucky money through their profiles , provided both the sender and recipient have signed up to the company 's in-app payment service . "  I am really happy that I can use a new and fashionable way to send my holiday greetings to my family and friends , especially for people who have kids but live far away from us , " said Mr. Cheng , a user of the service . The service reportedly banked 18 million RMB  $ 2.9 million  worth of transfers in its first 24 hours , according to a report in the Beijing Youth Daily newspaper . While Tencent 's rival Alibaba also has a similar service , called Hong Bao , which launched last year , WeChat 's app allows users to randomly distribute up to 200 yuan  $ 33  within a group of friends , adding a fun element of unpredictability to the process . Some analysts believe that linking the payments to WeChat 's in-app payment service could be a game-changer , as it streamlines the process of paying for microtransactions , potentially making users more likely to make in-app purchases in the future . "  The tradition of giving red packets is a symbolic gesture , " said Steve Wang , Chief Economist , Reorient Group . "  It 's a way to get people more comfortable dealing with money online , and to expand their subscriber base . It leverages the old and the new , and is a great example of the kind of creative idea that we 're seeing come out of China these days . " Other online money operations are looking to boost their business by tapping into the cash-giving tradition . In Hong Kong around $ 64,000 worth of bitcoin vouchers are being distributed by ANX , one of the city 's biggest bitcoin exchanges . It is billed as the biggest bitcoin giveaway to date , although each packet , distributed at certain shopping malls , will contain only a HK$ 10  $ 1.29  voucher , which currently translates into 1.4 mBTC . "  The Hong Kong public is increasingly willing to embrace non-traditional ways for lai see , " says Ken Lo , CEO of ANX . "  We are the first bitcoin lai see that we know about , but can definitely see this as a growing trend especially to give to other people that do n't live in the same country . "  The responses so far have been very positive with many people being very happy to learn they have just received their first bitcoin . " While many of the city 's residents remain unfamiliar with the finer points of bitcoins , the city is coming to terms with the online currency , as Hong Kong prepares to receive one of the world 's first bitcoin ATMs .	More ` lucky money ' recipients prefer electronic transfer over traditional red packets of cash Smartphone apps allow easier lucky money transfer WeChat app adds an element of chance in sharing lucky money with friends Bitcoin giveaway in Hong Kong familiarizes public with the online currency
PICHER , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Powerful storms killed 22 people in three states over the weekend , including an Oklahoma mother who died while huddling over her child , authorities said . Her son survived with facial injuries . Teresa Bland , left , comforts Betty Bayliss among the debris in Picher , Oklahoma , on Sunday . Emergency management agencies in two states reported deaths in four counties . There were six people killed in Ottawa County , Oklahoma ; 13 in Newton County , Missouri ; one in a small community just east of Carthage in Jasper County , Missouri ; and one in Purdy in Barry County , Missouri . The severe weather moved into the Southeast , killing at least one person in Laurens County , Georgia . Watch how the storm hit one Georgia town hard " The deadly Midwest tornado -- at times , a mile wide -- blew winds estimated at up to 175 miles per hour , tracking a total of 63 miles from Oklahoma to southwest Missouri , according to the National Weather Service . The storms spawned five twisters in Oklahoma and two in neighboring Arkansas . Possible tornadoes also were reported Sunday evening in the coastal Carolinas , according to the weather service . No injuries or fatalities were immediately reported . An official surveying the damage in the Midwest said it looked like a "  war zone . " "  It 's just horrific . It 's devastating to all of us , " said Oklahoma Gov. Brad Henry , who declared a state of emergency in Ottawa County . "  It appears the search and rescue part of the mission is over and now we 're in the cleanup phase . " Sherri Mills was in the small Oklahoma town of Picher -- northeast of Tulsa -- trying to find family pictures inside the wreckage that had been a friend 's home . Mills said her friend was not home when the tornado struck . See scenes from the devastation " "  Thank God she was n't here , " said Mills , standing in front of the piles of brick and wood . " -LSB- She -RSB- lost everything . This was a two-story big brick home . " Another man in Picher said he was home with his family when the storm hit . He said he was blown around inside the home and was lucky to be alive . "  We got down on the floor and huddled up together , and we were n't in there thirty seconds when it hit the house , " the man said . "  We ended up right there under that door . At least I was under the door . My wife , two granddaughters , and my daughter was all there , just bunched up against each other . " Watch a longtime pilot say he 's never seen such destruction " President Bush pledged federal support . "  Mother 's Day is a sad day for those who lost their lives in Oklahoma , Missouri and Georgia because of the tornadoes , " Bush told reporters in Waco , Texas . "  We send our prayers for those who lost their lives . The federal government will be moving hard to help . " Aboard Air Force One , Bush contacted Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue and Missouri Gov. Matt Blunt and spoke with Henry after arriving at the White House . Bush did not specify what support the federal government would provide . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff and Federal Emergency Management Agency chief David Paulison also were in touch with the governors and planned to tour the disaster areas Tuesday . "  We will partner with our state counterparts to ensure that we bring the full complement of federal resources to their aid as needed , " Paulison said . Lisa Janak , spokeswoman for the Georgia Emergency Management Agency , said one person was killed in Dublin , just south of Macon . And the nearby town of Kite , with about 200 residents , was "  significantly damaged , " she said . Earlier , Janak said there were reports that the town was "  gone , " but added later that those claims were exaggerated . Perdue declared a state of emergency Sunday in six counties in Georgia . Watch how a severe storm took Georgia by surprise " Authorities fear there may be additional casualties in Missouri , said Susie Stonner , spokeswoman with the state Emergency Management Agency in Jefferson City , Missouri . A twister touched down in the northeastern corner of Oklahoma shortly before 6 p.m. Saturday and killed six people in Ottawa County , according to emergency officials . Another 150 were injured and an unknown number of people were missing . No other information was available about the Oklahoma mother who died while huddling over her child . Michelann Ooten , spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management , said the town enlisted firefighters from surrounding areas who went house-to-house in a 20-block area , sifting through rubble and searching for survivors . "  It looks like a war zone , " she said . "  Some homes have fallen in , some homes have lost roofs and some are now just slabs . " Freelance journalist Mike Priest went to a heavy-hit neighborhood in Picher on Sunday , surveying an area where almost all the houses were leveled . All the residents had evacuated leaving behind , cars , clothes and even their pets , Priest said . "  As you can see some people 's pets have been left behind and they are fighting over some food , " he said , shooting footage of the scene . "  Just total devastation . Houses wiped all the way down to the foundation . You can see what used to be a house in the driveway . The storm was incredibly , incredibly strong right through here . " CNN 's Lee Garen , Susan Candiotti and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	15 dead in Missouri , 1 killed in Georgia , six in Oklahoma , officials say States of emergency declared in Oklahoma , Georgia counties Storm system struck Midwest , then continued into the South President Bush has pledged federal support , has talked to states ' governors
DENVER , Colorado -- Massachusetts Democrat Edward Kennedy , recuperating from recent brain surgery , made a dramatic appearance at his party 's national convention in Denver , Colorado on Monday . Edward Kennedy 's speech in Denver , Colorado , marked his second public appearance since brain surgery . The senator pledged to see Barack Obama to the White House and his own return to the Senate floor . Caroline Kennedy , daughter of slain President John F. Kennedy , introduced her ailing uncle . The following is a transcript of his speech : Watch Kennedy electrify the convention " Edward Kennedy : Thank you . Thank you . Thank you , Caroline . My fellow Democrats , my fellow Americans , it is so wonderful to be here . And nothing -- nothing is going to keep me away from this special gathering tonight . I have come here tonight to stand with you to change America , to restore its future , to rise to our best ideals , and to elect Barack Obama president of the United States . As I look ahead , I am strengthened by family and friendship . So many of you have been with me in the happiest days and the hardest days . Together we have known success and seen setbacks , victory and defeat . But we have never lost our belief that we are all called to a better country and a newer world . And I pledge to you -- I pledge to you that I will be there next January on the floor of the United States Senate when we begin the great test . Thank you very much . Thank you . Thank you . For me this is a season of hope -- new hope for a justice and fair prosperity for the many , and not just for the few -- new hope . And this is the cause of my life -- new hope that we will break the old gridlock and guarantee that every American -- north , south , east , west , young , old -- will have decent , quality health care as a fundamental right and not a privilege . We can meet these challenges with Barack Obama . Yes , we can , and finally , yes , we will . Barack Obama will close the book on the old politics of race and gender and group against group and straight against gay . And Barack Obama will be a commander-in-chief who understands that young Americans in uniform must never be committed to a mistake , but always for a mission worthy of their bravery . We are told that Barack Obama believes too much in an America of high principle and bold endeavor , but when John Kennedy called of going to the moon , he did n't say it 's too far to get there . We should n't even try . Our people answered his call and rose to the challenge , and today an American flag still marks the surface of the moon . Yes , we are all Americans . This is what we do . We reach the moon . We scale the heights . I know it . I 've seen it . I 've lived it . And we can do it again . There is a new wave of change all around us , and if we set our compass true , we will reach our destination -- not merely victory for our Party , but renewal for our nation . And this November the torch will be passed again to a new generation of Americans , so with Barack Obama and for you and for me , our country will be committed to his cause . The work begins anew . The hope rises again . And the dream lives on . iReport.com : Share your reactions to DNC speeches	Speech was his second time in public since undergoing surgery for a brain tumor He pledged to see Barack Obama to the White House "  I pledge to you that I will be there next January on the floor of the Senate , " he said
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- Amid the chaos that first-responder Ray Corbo witnessed on Friday , there is one image that he will never forget . It is n't the woman who was taken to the hospital after being shot in the foot at Sandy Hook Elementary . It is n't the police officer he saw leaving the school 's interior covered in someone 's blood . What will haunt Corbo forever is the memory of parents lined up outside the firehouse just a few hundred feet away from the school , waiting to pick up their children . "  As the children were coming down the street , little by little , classroom by classroom all holding hands , parents were claiming their children , " says Corbo , the first assistant fire chief at Newtown Hook and Ladder No. 1 . "  After a little while , once they claimed their kid and signed them out ... they left . "  There were some sticking around and that 's when we realized that they 're probably not going to be leaving . They 're gon na get the confirmation soon enough that they 're not gon na be grabbing their child and hugging them and taking them home . " Remembering the victims Corbo 's voice is steady , but his eyes glisten . "  Their life is changed forever . " Corbo , along with Rob Manna , the department 's chief engineer , were among the first responders to Friday 's school massacre of 20 children and six adults . Manna was working less than half a mile from the school in the center of Sandy Hook when he got the call . "  I was there very soon , " he says . At the time , he says , he had no idea what he was walking into . Corbo and Manna were assigned outside the school , to an emergency triage area that did n't end up being used . Despite their combined nearly half-century of experience , the two men say nothing could have ever prepared them for what they have now personally experienced . "  You get the initial dispatch , and you really do n't know what you 're coming in to , but for the most part , you 're ready for it , " Corbo says . "  But this time , it was not the case ... if you think you 're ready for this , you 're not . "  Very early on , it was determined that this was bad -- really , really bad . " Police and paramedics , some clad in body armor and bulletproof vests , entered the school cautiously . "  They had to find out if anyone survived ... if there was anyone to take care of , " Manna says . Outside , it was mass confusion . Phone calls and text messages spread nearly faster than reports on police radios . "  It was chaos down there . Parents were coming from all directions . You could see the panic in everybody 's face , because they have no idea what they 're coming into , " Corbo says . "  They were panic-stricken and trying to get to their children , but they were stopped . " At the nearby firehouse , he says , he saw parents waiting in line for hours to pick up their children . "  And there 's no more kids around to take home , " Corbo says . "  And you know , it 's bad . They 're gon na get some bad news . I 'm sure they knew at that point , but there 's that shred of hope there 's somebody hiding in closet or some kid they missed , but ultimately that was n't the case . " Corbo is a father to a first-grader and , had they not moved two years ago , his 7-year-old son Joey would have attended Sandy Hook Elementary . When he returned home Friday , the former Marine did what many of the parents outside the school could not . " ' I love you ' was the first thing I said , " Corbo recalls . "  And we hugged a lot . Of course , he 's 7 years old , so a hug in the morning is fine , and before you go to bed , but getting hugged all day long , he 's wondering what the heck 's going on . "  He 'll understand someday . " Manna says his grieving will come later . "  For now ,  I 've  got ta be strong . " Today , Newtown is awash with emblems of tragedy : an enormous American flag , starkly silhouetted against the sky , flies at half-staff in the middle of Main Street . Just east , on the road that leads towards Sandy Hook Elementary , a host of 27 wooden angel statues sing a silent chorus on the roadside , a tribute to those who died Friday . Police say Adam Lanza shot and killed his mother at the home they shared , before carrying out the rampage at the school where he left 26 dead and also shot and killed himself . A small bright note is the overwhelming support Newtown has been receiving from around the country and the world -- including truckloads of teddy bears that firefighters are distributing to children 's groups , schools and churches . . "  The community will go on , " Corbo says . "  We have to . There are still a lot of children in this town waiting for Christmas to come . You have to move on . For their sake , it 's got ta be back to normal as soon as we can get it . " Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	First-responders recall chaos of Friday 's Connecticut school massacre The worst memory is of the parents ' faces waiting for their children The first-responders say nothing could have prepared them
CNN  -- The price of big screen televisions has been coming down , but this was ridiculous . Best Buy 's Web site offered a 52-inch TV for less than $ 10 , but the deal was too good to be true . Early Wednesday morning , BestBuy.com listed a 52-inch Samsung HDTV for $ 9.99 -- a savings of more than $ 1600 . As customers jumped on the Web site trying to take advantage of the offer , Best Buy announced it was a "  pricing error " and was no longer available . A recorded message on Best Buy 's customer service line told customers "  we will not be placing any more orders for this unit , " and messages were sent on Twitter apologizing "  for any disappointment . " Customers who placed orders early Wednesday were left wondering if they got away with the bargain . Eric VanBergen of Grand Rapids , Michigan , told CNN he snapped one up for $ 84.79 -- including $ 70 shipping and taxes -- at 5:30 a.m. Then , he ordered a second . Dozens of customers were posting to Twitter and Bestbuy.com , saying they also placed often multiple orders . It appears they are out of luck . In a statement , Best Buy apologized for the mistake but said it would "  not be honoring the incorrect price . " Company representatives posted online messages telling customers "  All current and previous orders made for the TV at this price on BestBuy.com will be cancelled , and customers will be refunded in full for the purchase . " The company 's Web site states Best Buy reserves the right to "  revoke offers or correct errors " even if a credit card has already been charged . The price mix-up gave way to customer frustration as people lost out on the deal of the year . " . bestbuy dang you !!!! " was how VanBergen reacted on Twitter after learning that his two confirmation e-mails from Best Buy were meaningless . But it appears there is little else they can do . A spokeswoman for the Federal Trade Commission that investigates consumer complaints told CNN "  The FTC act bars unfair and deceptive commercial practices . " Those would be cases of phony offers or sweepstakes , rather than a mistake , she said .	Best Buy 's Web site offers 52-inch HDTV on Web site for less than $ 10 Customers get on Web site to take advantage of bargain Best Buy officials admit "  pricing error " , says it will not honor TV purchases
CNN  -- Uniformed Egyptian police pull a woman in nothing but her underclothes from a frenzied mob . "  Get back boy ! Get back ! " the officers say as one lifts his pistol into the air . Large patches of skin on the victim appear bloodied and raw as she struggles to walk toward a police van with hordes of men still fighting for a handful of her body . Moments later , she falls to the ground , naked . Police carry her into the vehicle , seemingly incapable of thwarting the crowd . In the background , revelers set off fireworks and wave flags to celebrate the election of Egypt 's new president . This is just one of at least five mob sexual assaults that took place in Cairo 's Tahrir Square in the past week , according to the "  I Saw Harassment " campaign , which documents sexual violence against women in Egypt . The attack is shown in a less than two-minute viral cell phone video that CNN can not independently verify . It is unclear when the video was shot , but social media reports indicate the incident took place Tuesday after Egypt 's election body announced Abdel Fattah el-Sisi won elections in a landslide . Days later , as the restive country celebrated the presidential inauguration , human rights groups documented more sexual assaults in Tahrir . "  It is shameful that the security leaders of the Ministry of Interior did not take into account any security measures or plans to prevent such incidents , " a statement from the "  I Saw Harassment " campaign reads . "  Junior officers and individuals were left alone to face sexual harassment groups without any tools or plans . " Four of the five victims sexually assaulted in the square required medical attention , the "  I Saw Harassment " campaign said . The attacks against them were so ferocious that several officers deployed to rescue the women were themselves wounded by the crowd , according to a statement from the Interior Ministry on Monday . Police arrested seven men Monday on charges of sexual harassment after two women filed police reports and identified their attackers , an Interior Ministry spokesman said . Video of one of the assaults was posted on YouTube and the video is a part of the ongoing investigation , said another official from the Interior Ministry , who was not authorized to speak to the media . The response by authorities did little to squelch anger on social media channels , where many criticized the authorities and criticized local media for a lack of professionalism . "  They are happy , huh ? " Maha Bahnassy said laughingly about the crowd on private network Tahrir TV during a live report on harassment from inside the square . Bahnassy publicly apologized Monday , saying her comments were misunderstood . Activists said the anchorwoman 's jarring remarks appeared part of a general trend by Egypt 's pro-military factions to sideline the systemic violence against women in favor of glorifying Egypt 's new head of state , former army chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi . The state-affiliated National Council of Women characterized Sunday night 's violence as an orchestrated conspiracy against el-Sisi , saying , "  The acts were meant to spoil the joy of Egyptians and their wedding of democracy . " The group called on officials to find the "  masterminds . " "  Every day sexual harassment is a social epidemic affecting everyone , every day . Mob violence is an extreme form of this act that has been normalized by society , " said Noora Flinkman , communication manager at HarassMap , a volunteer-based initiative aimed at combating sexual harassment . The group dismissed claims that the attacks were part of an organized political act against the new government . A 2013 United Nations report from the Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women found that 99.3 % of Egyptian women have experienced some form of sexual harassment and more than 82 % of female respondents felt unsafe in the street . The mass attacks come just days after Egypt passed the first law criminalizing sexual harassment , making it punishable by up to five years in prison and a maximum fine of 50,000 Egyptian pounds . "  For a long time harassers have been able to harass with impunity . Now with this amendment to the law it is a good opportunity to take action not just in cases of mob assault but in cases of everyday sexual harassment , " Flinkman said . "  We are waiting to see what steps the authorities will take . "	Women sexually assaulted at Egypt 's inauguration festivities , anti-violence group says Interior Ministry says several officers trying to rescue women also were wounded Police arrest seven men Monday on charges of sexual harassment
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British government is buying 10,000 Taser stun guns for police officers across England and Wales , Britain 's Home Office said Monday . British police officers use a Taser gun to tackle a mock suspect in a training exercise . The move will expand the ranks of officers carrying the weapons from "  select firearms squads " to "  thousands of trained frontline officers , " according to the Home Office , which is responsible for domestic policing . Home Secretary  Interior Minister  Jacqui Smith said police "  deserve our support , so I want to give the police the tools they tell me they need to confront dangerous people . That is why I am giving the police 10,000 Tasers . " The guns fire barbed darts charged with enough electricity to stun a person , the Home Office said . But Amnesty International UK described them as "  potentially lethal electrical weapons " that deliver "  50,000 volts of electricity into a person 's body . The result is excruciatingly painful , causing a person to fall to the ground and , at times , lose control of their bodily functions . " The human rights group , however , expressed qualified support for the British government move , urging that the weapons be given only to officers specially trained to use them . "  We do n't actually oppose the use of Tasers as long as it 's by a limited number of highly trained specialist officers , responding to genuinely life-threatening or very dangerous situations , " said Oliver Sprague , the organization 's arms program director . But , he added : "  Tasers are potentially lethal weapons which are already linked to numerous deaths in North America and that 's why wide deployment without adequate training is a dangerous step too far for British policing . " "  The home secretary should urgently review this decision and ensure that Tasers only end up in the hands of a small number of fully trained officers capable of making the potentially fatal decision over whether to fire 50,000 volts into a person 's body . " Amnesty says more than 300 people have died after being shot with Tasers since 2001 . The decision to introduce Tasers across England and Wales follows what the government called a successful pilot program with officers from 10 police forces , including London 's Metropolitan Police and forces responsible for Liverpool and Bristol . The test ran for 12 months from September 2007 with constables who had not previously carried firearms , a Home Office spokesman said . Before the pilot program , approximately 6,000 specially trained firearms officers across the country had access to Tasers starting in 2004 . Most British police officers do not carry any kind of firearm , Home Secretary Smith emphasized in her statement , a fact she said she was proud of .	Police officers across England and Wales to armed with Taser stun guns Guns fire barbed darts charged with enough electricity to stun a person Decision to roll out Tasers across England and Wales follows pilot program Human rights group criticizes plan to use "  potentially lethal electrical weapons "
CNN  -- Lake Urmia in Iran used to be a site to reckon with . Twenty years ago , it ranked as the sixth largest saltwater lake in the world , and the largest in the Middle East . Tourists would revel in the lake 's buoyancy  like the Dead Sea , the salt level made it impossible to sink  , and the flocks of flamingos , pelicans and yellow deer that once inhabited the surrounding areas . Today , Urmia is a shadow of its former self . Decades of poor water management , aggressive agricultural policies and drought have rendered it almost completely dried up  according to the United Nations Development Program , the lake has shrunk by two-thirds since 1997  . Rusted boats lay abandoned in what is now essentially a giant salt flat . The tourists are long gone , as are many of the animals that once called the lake home . "  It 's like seeing a scene from a different planet . I saw caterpillars and bobcats taking salt from the dead body of the lake , " recalls Gary Lewis , the United Nations Resident Coordinator in Iran . "  It 's a testament to how rapidly we can break something . " It 's a problem that President Hassan Rouhani is aware of , and one he wants to fix . Last month , he agreed to spend $ 500 million in the first year alone of a ten-year recovery plan  the total bill is $ 5 billion  . "  If the lake dries up , this kind of threat will not be comparable to any other threat , " he said in a public statement in January . It 's not an overblown statement . According to experts , Iran is on the brink of a water crisis . "  In the year 1956 , the per capita water available in Iran was 7,000 cubic meters . Today , it is 1,900 cubic meters . In the year 2020 , it is likely to be only 1,300 cubic meters , " says Lewis . The estimates fall far short of the 30 million cubic meters he believes will be needed to accommodate the burgeoning population -- which could reach 90 million in the next decade . Shortages are cited throughout the country , not just at Lake Urmia , but in the Hamoun Wetlands in the east of the country -- a one-time oasis surrounded by fishing villages that has since dried up . In 2012 alone , the Hamoun water crisis sent 600,000 environmental refugees into the north of the country . Lewis worries that as water shortages become the norm , not only will Iran face repercussions to the economy and public health , but that it will start to have a knock-on effect on the Middle East as a whole . "  People are vulnerable when they migrate . When they come crashing into someone else 's neighborhood , they become a threat to those people 's economic security . Add in ethnic or linguistic differences , and that can be a real source of conflict , " he says . A new Iran ? Iran is doing more than throwing money at the problem . In March , Iran 's Department of Environment , together with the UNDP , held a conference with hundreds of international experts on how to solve Iran 's water shortage problem , and ultimately approved 24 separate projects . "  When Rouhani took power , in the first government meeting , he ordered the formation of a special group to save Urmia and the other dying wetlands , " recalls Naser Agh , a professor at the Artemia and Aquatic Animals Research Institute at Urmia University , and a member of the steering committee of the Lake Urmia restoration program . The mission to save the lake is complex , and Agh admits that even in ten years , it will only restore Urmia to half its original size . "  No single measure can help the lake . Lots of things have to be done at the same time , " he says . The influx of money and manpower demonstrates a sizable shift in how the new administration is addressing the problem -- partly , in that they 're willing to address it at all . Thus far , Iran 's environmental record has been pretty poor . The country is the world 's ninth top producer of greenhouse gasses , according to according to the US Energy Information Administration , and is home to the world 's eighth most polluted city . "  The past government would say we needed to save the lake , and would even form a national committee and ministers would come together , but there was never a budget , and without a budget , you ca n't do anything , " says Agh . "  This new government is very different . They also approved a large amount of money , so it can really help save the lake . "	Lake Urmia was once one of the world 's largest lakes Over the last 20 years it has almost completely dried up Iran 's water crisis puts security , the economy and public health at risk President Rouhani has committed $ 5 billion to save the lake
CNN  -- The wave of pornographic and violent images that flooded Facebook over the past few days has drawn attention to a side of the social networking mega-site most of its users do n't think about : Facebook is a coveted prize for hackers . "  It 's hard to put it into perspective as to how good a job they 're doing  at preventing spam  , because they have a giant target on their back , " said Chester Wisniewski , a senior analyst with security firm Sophos . "  They have a giant target on their back with the user base they have . Every spammer 's got a dream of catching them . " In this week 's attack , a hack that exploited security flaws in some Web browsers sent images of porn , Photoshopped pictures of celebrities in compromising positions and images of intense violence to millions of users , according to Facebook . Users apparently were duped into copying malicious code into their browser windows , helping the images spread . Many Facebook users were outraged by the fact that porn made its way onto the social network . On one hand , the offensive images call into question Facebook 's ability to rein in spam as it becomes more popular . On the other , it 's a counterintuitive testament to Facebook 's spam-fighting abilities that users were surprised to see these nasty images showing up on the social network . If this happened on e-mail , after all , no one would blink . Less than 4 % of the content shared on the Facebook is spam , Facebook says . Compare that with e-mail , where a whopping 89 % of content is spam , as CNN partner site Mashable reports . Less than 5 % of the site 's members experience spam on any given day , Facebook said in October . Meanwhile , only 0.06 % of its 1 billion log-ins per day are compromised , the site says .  Of course , that 's still 600,000 , so someone could shade that number to make it sound miniscule or huge , depending on intent . To Wisnieswski , the way Facebook responds to spam and other hacks is a mixed bag . Generally , he says , they 're quick to jump on the big problems but slower on the day-to-day stuff . "  If it 's malware-related ... scams and spam and things like that ... they 're pretty good about it , " he said . "  They 're very conscious about the fact that they do n't want their users to be infected . "  But with the survey scams and things , they do n't seem to be that effective . " Facebook , of course , is far more likely to agree with the former point than the latter . Spokesman Andrew Noyes says that , on a site under virtually constant attack , the Facebook team is constantly working to protect its users . "  We believe the security fight requires a multipronged approach , " he said . "  In addition to our dedicated legal team , Facebook also has security experts and engineers focused on the integrity of the site . We 're continuing to build systems to prevent and respond to spam attacks . Our User Operations team also works around the clock to identify problems and assist those affected . " Noyes said Facebook 's security team has identified the hackers behind this week 's attack and are "  working with our legal team to ensure appropriate consequences follow . " In recent months , the site has launched several public tools and initiatives trying to stay ahead of the inevitable attacks . Last month , Facebook announced two tools it 's testing : Trusted Friends and App Passwords . Trusted Friends would help users get back into their account if their password is changed without their knowledge . App Passwords would add a layer of security when users approve third-party apps . This summer , Facebook launched a "  Bug Bounty " program that pays people for reporting security problems , and a suite of security tools rolled out in May includes "  clickjacking " protection and remote log-ins . In January , users got the ability to surf Facebook with a secure browser setting . "  We work regularly with analysts , engineers , fraud experts , and security investigators to prevent abuse , defeat criminals , and help maintain Facebook as a trusted environment , " Noyes said in an email . In fact , there are some built-in advantages to the way Facebook works that help keep the level of spam lower than with e-mail , a relative Wild West for spammers and scammers . As he pondered upcoming changes to Facebook messaging last year , Craigslist founder Craig Newmark noted in a blog post that the site 's requirements for creating an account help . "  The deal is that a Facebook identity  profile  pretty much ensures that there 's a real person behind it , " Newmark wrote . "  It 's possible to fake a Facebook identity , but it 's a fair amount of work , way more expensive than getting a new Gmail or Hotmail account . " While acknowledging those efforts , Wisnewski says there are still some holes in Facebook 's security game . A major one , he says , is the Facebook app development process . Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has publicly celebrated the millions of third-party app developers registered with the site . But that means there are millions of people who get expanded access to Facebook data just for paying a nominal fee . "  Because Facebook does n't verify anything about you or have any human review process at all ... we see these guys create hundreds of developer accounts for the same scam , " he said . Wisnewski also wishes Facebook would add additional layers of security every time users start up an app . "  If they really want to get a grip on this , there are a few things they could do -- but the things they could do , by Zuckerberg 's worldview , would slow down innovation . " All that said , Facebook has a track record of aggressively going after scammers and spammers once they 're caught . In August , self-proclaimed "  Spam King " Sanford Wallace was indicted in a California court . Two years ago , Facebook sued him and a federal court ordered him to pay $ 711 million . Previously , Facebook won a $ 360 million judgment against spammer Philip Porembski and , in 2008 , was awarded the largest award ever under federal anti-spam laws -- $ 873 million -- after suing Adam Guerbuez and Atlantis Blue Capital for sending objectionable images on the site , according to news reports .	Facebook porn spam casts light on site as a target for hackers Security analyst says the site could do more to prevent attacks Facebook calls security a top concern , has rolled out multiple prevention initiatives The site also has sued spammers , leading to millions in court penalties
CNN  -- Before the start of Libya 's civil war , you could count the number of newspapers in the country on one hand and all were heavily controlled by the government . Now there are 120 independent newspapers in the city of Benghazi alone , according to local journalists . These newspapers are mostly run and staffed by engineers , doctors and students , said International Media Support , one of several foreign organizations that is helping train journalists in Libya . One , called "  Sowt " -- "  Voice " in Arabic -- was launched by five medical , engineering and economics students in their early 20s in February . It began as an eight-page magazine , now increased to 12 pages and selling 3,000 copies a week across eastern Libya and beyond . One of the editors , Mohamed Shembesh , a 22-year-old civil engineering student , said : "  At the time there was no email or mail service , so we put a physical box in Freedom Square and made a sign telling people they could post contributions to our newspaper . "  Within 10 days we had tens of articles , which we edited and printed in the first issue of the paper , " he added . The magazine had no source of income , so the editors put charity boxes on streets for contributions . In 10 days they had raised enough money to pay for the first print run of 2,000 copies . The eight-page magazine included four color pages . Many other people eager to make their voices heard when Moammar Gadhafi lost control of the city in February set up their own newspapers . While it may seem surprising for newspapers to be flourishing in an internet age , Libya 's uprising was not conducted as much through social media sites as those in Egypt and other Arab countries . Internet penetration in Libya is just 5.5 % , according to the ITU , an agency of the United Nations that focuses on the internet and communications . In addition there were frequent internet blackouts after the uprising began in February . The cause of the blackouts was not clear , but a regular connection was not restored until August . Abdelsalam Doma , local coordinator for International Media Support in Benghazi , said : "  Before the uprising we had five newspapers in the whole country and they were just mouthpieces of the government . "  All they had been doing was supporting Gadhafi 's word , glorifying his personality and trying to eliminate anything else . "  After the revolution we had all these new newspapers taking the opposite view -- but it is not totally professional . "  In the beginning all they did was attack Gadhafi . It was like someone writing on his Facebook page . The articles had no structure , they were not informative , they took one side but never both sides , there were never any quotes . " Doma , a 25-year-old engineering student , has himself been on a steep learning curve since the start of this year . He started to work as an interpreter when foreign journalists arrived in Benghazi and decided to train as a journalist on the job . "  I started going out with the crews and tried to learn their craft , " said Doma . "  The foreign journalists have been teaching me . They write a piece , and I write a piece and they tell me what 's wrong with mine . " Doma began submitting articles to local newspapers and made a radio documentary . He said : "  I submitted my first article to a local newspaper about military camps . I was really embarrassed to show it to anyone , but the editor was totally in love with it and asked me to keep giving them articles . "  I made a radio documentary called ` The Night Visitor ' about Gadhafi 's secret police for a local station . "  Nobody here really knows what a radio documentary is , but a lot of people loved it . Here in Libya there 's a social stigma , we do n't talk about things we fear , but I managed to get people to talk . " Torben Brandt , a media expert for International Media Support , a Danish organization , made his first mission to Benghazi in June , and set up a permanent office there in August . He recruited Doma as a local media coordinator to monitor the state of the media and write regular reports about the content and quality of radio stations , newspapers and the growing number of satellite television channels . The organization has run workshops and courses for local journalists on conflict reporting . It has also held a two-day workshop for 100 journalists all over the eastern part of Libya in the city of Derna . The organization plans to move into Tripoli as soon as it is safe to do so . "  In Benghazi , 80 % of people starting up newspapers are engineers because it 's the center for the oil refineries , " said Brandt . "  It 's amazing to see how hungry people are for knowledge . " He knows that not all the newspapers can survive , but hopes those that do will become more professional . Doma said that is already starting to happen . "  I 'm quite optimistic , " he said . "  I read newspapers and nowadays people are providing analysis and holding the politicians to account . "  Some of the new government are still trying to control the media , but the journalists are resisting that . Some journalists now have contracts with foreign television channels from Qatar , Lebanon or United Arab Emirates . " Doma added : "  The biggest obstacle to the local media is financial sustainability . People are just paying to produce the newspapers out of their own pockets and the market is too loaded with 120 newspapers . People do n't know what to buy . "  Most of the newspapers will die out and a few good ones will survive . " The content of "  Sowt " too has changed in the eight months since it launched . Shembesh said : "  At the beginning we had six pages of reader articles , and we simply edited them for language . "  Now we only have two or three pages from readers and we have a couple of professional writers . We cover social and political events , social problems , interviews with military and rebel leaders . "  We now get contributions through Facebook and we will be publishing on the internet so people abroad can read us . " Shembesh hopes that "  Sowt " will be one of the newspapers that can become sustainable . "  We have started to carry advertising , " he said . "  We know it 's a hard time now and we have to focus and work hard to win the crowds over . It helps that we got in early and built up a base of readers very fast . " Shembesh still has another year of his studies and plans to become a civil engineer , but believes he can continue to publish "  Sowt " alongside his other work . Doma is still undecided about becoming a full-time journalist and is juggling several career options and responsibilities . In addition to work for International Media Support , Doma is volunteering in a blood bank , helping out at a local hospital , and acting as a guide and facilitator for a rehabilitation center for fighters with physical , mental and psychological scars from the war . "  And I 'm still a student preparing for my final project , " he said . "  I 'm busy doing all kinds of things and I 'm really shattered . "	120 newspapers have launched in Benghazi since February The newspapers are mostly run by engineers , doctors and students International organizations are helping to train up Libyan journalists
CNN  -- Fifteen years ago this month , Rwanda declared a cease-fire in a genocide that left more than 800,000 dead . In the attacks that started in April 1994 , Hutu militias and members of the general population sought out Tutsis and moderate Hutus -- and went on a 100-day killing rampage . In June of 1994 , Rwanda was still in the grip of a 100-day killing rampage . Civilians and children got incentives to take part in the atrocities , including promises of land belonging to their Tutsi neighbors . It was one of the most brutal genocides in modern history . Some figures put the number of dead at 1 million , 10 percent of the population of the central African nation . Millions more were raped and disfigured . A whole generation of children lost their parents . What started the Tutsi and Hutu rivalry The Tutsi ethnic minority and the Hutu majority had been at odds even before 1994 . The rivalry started during colonial times , when the Belgians considered Tutsis the privileged ethnicity , thus giving them better opportunities . The Hutus were considered inferior , prompting resentment that was passed on through the generations . The first major assault on Tutsis occurred in 1959 , killing thousands and prompting more attacks over the years . The animosity caused the Tutsis to flee to neighboring countries , including Burundi and Uganda . The Hutus took over the government when Rwanda gained its independence from Belgium in 1962 , but the resentment remained . Hours before the genocide In early April , a plane carrying then-President Juvenal Habyarimana , a Hutu , was shot down near the capital , Kigali . The president , his Burundian counterpart and their aides were killed . A few hours later , Rwanda erupted into chaos . Some have accused current President Paul Kagame , a Tutsi , of masterminding the killing . Kagame , who led a Tutsi militia group at the time , has denied any ties . He has accused Hutu rebels of instigating the assassinations to incite fury and attacks on Tutsis . Differences between Hutus and Tutsis They speak the same language and practice the same customs . However , most Tutsis are considered tall and lanky , which has led to speculation that they have Ethiopian heritage . During the genocide , the bodies of Tutsis were thrown into rivers by the Hutus , who said they were sending them back to Ethiopia . The aftermath of the genocide After 100 days of death and destruction , the Tutsi militia led by Kagame defeated the Hutu rebels and took control of the government . Scores of Hutus fled to neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo , where they have been accused of inciting more violence . Rwanda has invaded Congo various times to launch an offensive against Hutus allegedly linked to the genocide . After the cease-fire , a multiethnic government made up of Hutu President Pasteur Bizimungu and Vice President Kagame came into power . Bizimungu was later accused of ethnic discord and jailed . Kagame became president in 2000 . Trials for genocide suspects Top officials such as army generals and politicians who allegedly took part in the genocide are tried in the Rwandan justice system and the International Criminal Tribunal , which is based in Tanzania . Civilians who allegedly contributed either directly or indirectly are tried in gacaca courts . The latter are community courts conducted by a panel of nine civilians in an open field . The courts allow survivors to point out and confront their attackers . Gacaca means "  open grass " in the local language . Human rights organizations say the gacacas fall short on delivering justice . State of the nation 15 years later Rwanda is now considered one of Africa 's most stable nations . Education , health care , tourism and trade -- which were destroyed in the genocide -- have improved dramatically . Kagame has made big strides against corruption , a major problem in Africa . However , critics have accused him of being an autocratic leader who has stifled the country 's media . Others have said the growth in economy is limited to urban areas and has not trickled into rural areas .	Simmering hatreds between Tutsi and Hutu erupted in genocide in 1994 100-day killing rampage left 800,000 dead -- mostly Tutsis and moderate Hutus Rwanda is now considered one of Africa 's most stable nations
Tokyo  CNN  -- A low water level in a reactor building at the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan may have exposed fuel rods and caused them to melt , the owner of the facility said Thursday . Tokyo Electric Power Co. blamed the incident on a faulty gauge that monitors the water level in the pressure vessel in the No. 1 reactor building . "  I would say at this point that the situation is not dangerous , " said Mujid Kazimi , a professor of nuclear engineering and mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . The Nuclear Energy Institute had a similar response to the new details released by Tokyo Electric . "  This is in no way alarming , " said Tom Kauffman , senior media relations manager at the Washington-based institute . "  It was anticipated that there was fuel damage in reactors 1 , 2 and 3 . This is confirmation , " he said . "  It 's a situation that 's going to develop over time , " with details continuing to emerge as nuclear plant workers gain more access to the reactors , Kauffman added . "  This is going to evolve over months , maybe many months . " Once the faulty gauge was reset , workers discovered Thursday that the water level had dropped more than 3 feet  1 meter  below the fuel rods , which need to be cooled by water to keep them from melting . Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said there 's a high possibility that the fuel rods have melted and are now being cooled by water in the bottom of the pressure vessel . The company said it suspects there is a leak in the pressure vessel , since the water level was low despite the company pouring 150 tons of water a day on the No. 1 reactor to cool it . A March 11 earthquake and tsunami knocked out cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi , causing the three operating reactors to overheat . That compounded a natural disaster by spewing vast quantities of radioactive material into the atmosphere . Workers have been able to install air filters inside the No. 1 reactor building to contain radioactive particles and have begun filling the primary containment shell around the reactor core with water in an attempt to draw heat off the core . The plan is to recirculate that water through a heat exchanger to cool it , said Yoshikazu Nagai , a spokesman for Tokyo Electric . Similar plans are being considered for unit 2 , which also is thought to be leaking radioactive water , and unit 3 , where engineers noted a disturbing rise in the reactor 's temperature readings last week , Nagai told CNN . "  First we have to tackle unit No. 1 , and we need to see if we can succeed , " he said . Meanwhile , equipment that will be used to decontaminate water pooling in the plant 's basements is expected to arrive by mid-May . Tens of thousands of tons of radioactive water have flooded the basements where the cooling systems were housed , making it impossible for workers get into the facilities . At this point , "  The danger is more with the workers who deal with  the leak  than the public , " Kazimi said . Decontaminating the water pooling in the plant 's basements is feasible , as long as the water stays contained , he added . To limit further possible spread of contamination beyond the evacuation zone around the nuclear plant , Japan 's Ministry of Agriculture , Forest and Fisheries on Thursday decided to euthanize livestock in the zone . There is a no-entry zone within a 20-kilometer radius of Fukushima Daiichi . "  It is yet to be determined how and when they do  the euthanizing  , but we would cull livestock with the most painless way with permission of the owners of them , " a spokesman for the Fukushima prefectural government said . It 's unclear how many livestock survive in the zone , but before the disaster there were approximately 3,500 cows , 30,000 pigs , 440,000 chickens , 100 horses and an unknown number of sheep . With their owners having evacuated , the livestock have been left to fend for themselves . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Noriaki Kawai and Yoko Wakatsuki in Tokyo contributed to this report .	NEW : Government decides to euthanize livestock in no-entry zone NEW : No need for alarm among the public , but nuclear workers face risks , expert says Tokyo Electric Power Co. blames the incident on a faulty gauge A new water leak is suspected at Fukushima Daiichi reactor No. 1
CNN  -- Late last year , a video producer and I visited South Korea , which is said to be the global hub for gaming addiction , as well as gaming addiction treatment . There we met with three young men who had been in some form of treatment for their obsession with video games -- everything from "  talk therapy " with counselors to "  virtual-reality " treatment , which is designed to create negative associations between the player and the game they ca n't stop playing . We met a 17-year-old who said he felt like online games were "  pulling him " away from the real world . Others said they had contemplated suicide or played for up to 20 hours per day . The obsessions came with real consequence for these young men . Some had damaged relationships with family members ; one found himself unemployed and unable to dig out of a rut . But can these obsessions be classified as Internet or gaming addiction ? For an expert opinion , I turned to Dr. Charles O'Brien , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania and chair of the working group that will determine whether such disorders make an official list in the United States . The group decided to recommend that more research be conducted before Internet addiction could be listed as an official disorder in the United States . The following transcript of our conversation is edited for clarity and length : CNN : What does the research on gaming and Internet addiction say , in general ? O'Brien : That 's a very good question . The DSM-5  Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders  committee that I chair has been totally guided by research data . There are a lot of people who want us to add all kinds of conditions to the DSM . Besides Internet addiction or gaming addiction , there 's jogging addiction , sex addiction , food addiction . There are all kinds of pressures , but we go by the data , and we go by data in referee journals . We think  Internet addiction  is something . I even went to Beijing to visit a hospital that is dedicated to what the Chinese call Internet addiction , and it was full of young men who had been brought in by their parents because they had been spending hours a day and neglecting their studies and their health , even , playing these various games . Typically it 's "  World of Warcraft " that they 're playing . But they do n't really have what we consider to be evidence  that this is a disorder  . CNN : Is there anything that 's known for sure about Internet addiction ? O'Brien : There have been clinical studies . They 're all anecdotes . As a clinician , I think I 've seen a few cases , but they were very variable . And there are a lot of things we do n't know . Such as , is this a phase that someone is going through ? Even in my own family , I have a son who was 13 and 14 and was spending hours a day playing Internet games . They do it in groups . Their partners may be in China or Japan . They do it on the Internet . And they neglect their studies . Eventually , he kind of outgrew it , and now he 's in college and is an honors student . It 's not a clear enough syndrome that you can say at this point it 's clearly a disease -- that it 's an illness or a sickness . But we 're open to that idea . Certainly , it does seem to be that way , but we have to have more evidence . CNN : What threshold would it have to cross to be its own disorder ? O'Brien : We would need studies done in multiple sites . People would have to get together and decide on criteria for the diagnosis . And we put some potential criteria in the write-up , in the appendix for DSM-5 . For example , a natural history . What happens to these people ? How do they respond to treatment ? What treatment seems to work ? There are a lot , well , not a lot , but a significant number of American therapists who are treating cases like this , but they are generally writing up studies as clinical experience . This is not evidence . You have to do careful studies . CNN : Since there are people who are treating gaming addiction , do you think that 's safe ? Or is it potentially dangerous ? O'Brien : It 's not dangerous . Typically they 're treating it with talk therapy . I do n't know of any studies where any medications have been used . But you ca n't consider it science when people are just reporting interesting cases . That 's not the kind of thing that we look for . CNN : Is it possible gaming or Internet addiction could be linked to other disorders , like anxiety or depression ? And this is just the way the person copes or acts out ? O'Brien : Exactly . There are some people who are seeing a therapist and it 's interpreted that they 're sort of escaping into a computer and using this to deal with their anxieties . Or maybe they have bipolar disorder or obsessive compulsive disorder . But these are just theories . There needs to be some evidence based on a significant number of cases . How are the cases similar ? CNN : How long have people been looking into this issue ? O'Brien : The literature really began in the 2000s . CNN : How long does it typically take for a new disorder to be accepted ? O'Brien : It depends on how rare it is . Most of the disorders we have now are just age-old disorders . One of the disorders that 's very prominent today is post-traumatic stress disorder , PTSD . And you probably saw the Time magazine cover showing one soldier or veteran commits suicide every day . But we did n't even have the diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder until about 1980 . And it was there . It 's not as if Napoleon 's troops did n't have this or Washington 's troops did n't have it . But it had n't been described . People were n't as well trained in behavioral observations and writing them up and so-forth . It was described for the first time in the 1980s and it now turns out to be a fairly common disorder and people get PTSD from various kind of trauma ... it 's not just war . We 've made a lot of progress with PTSD , and I think it would be a good model for Internet addiction . CNN : Is there any good information about what happens in the brains of Internet addicts ? O'Brien : I found maybe five or 10 articles of brain imaging studies of Internet addicts . They found that the changes were very similar to those seen in compulsive gambling . CNN : What does that mean , exactly ? O'Brien : Addiction is a learned behavior . For example , we do a lot of studies with cocaine addicts and nicotine addicts and alcoholics . And when you show an alcoholic or cocaine addict cues that look like people taking cocaine or the smell of cocaine or things like that , the brain lights up in the reward centers , or the pleasure areas , the same areas that light up when people or animals eat delicious food or have sex or engage in any behavior that leads to a feeling of pleasure . CNN : So people who have an obsession , or possibly an addiction , to games or the Internet , their brains light up in that same way ? O'Brien : Exactly . And it becomes really an intense learned effect . We find that if we give them even a brief cue exposure , even before it reaches the level of consciousness , their brains are already activated . It becomes a very strong reflex , and this is why it 's so hard to stop . You probably have friends who have tried to stop smoking many times , and they keep going back because it 's a learned behavior . Even though they consciously want to stop , the drug has pretty much taken control of them . CNN : When you went to that hospital in China , what were the cases like ? What is it like for a person who exhibits symptoms of gaming or Internet addiction ? O'Brien : Well , it 's just like anybody else who begins playing Internet games . It starts off like everyone else . This is a multibillion-dollar industry . People are buying these things . But then they just gradually spend more and more time doing it , and they begin neglecting other activities and their friends . Their friends are on the Internet . There was a terrible case that was in the newspapers last year in South Korea , where this couple who had a real baby were so involved with the virtual baby and doing things with the virtual baby that they neglected their real live baby and the baby died . To me that 's the most dire , horrible thing that I 've ever heard of . These people were clearly obsessed with it but that does n't tell me that they had a disorder that we could define scientifically . CNN : Do you think it 's possible ? O'Brien : Oh yes , sure . We just do n't think the way to go about doing a classification system of mental illness is that you can just put things in too readily . It took a while before PTSD was described and identified and it made it into the DSM . CNN : So it does n't discount the reality of those symptoms or the possibility that it is a disease ? O'Brien : That 's right . My personal belief is that eventually it will become an official disorder because more and more people are going to do studies on it , and we 're hoping to facilitate that . "	Gaming and Internet addiction are not official disorders in the United States Internet addiction warrants more study before it can be classified , psychiatrist says Psychiatrist : "  My personal belief is that eventually it will become an official disorder "
Washington  CNN  -- Almost two-thirds of Iowa 's Republican political pros predict that former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney will win the state 's caucuses on Tuesday , but his campaign 's margin for error over Texas Rep. Ron Paul is slim . As the candidates dashed around the state making their closing arguments to a volatile caucus electorate , CNN surveyed 64 Iowa GOP insiders -- including state legislators , local elected and party officials , senior advisers to Republican Gov. Terry Branstad , business and conservative interest group leaders , veterans of previous caucus campaigns , and a variety of other party activists -- to assess the shape of the GOP race . In the CNN Iowa GOP insiders survey , a solid majority of the 64 Republican political pros thought Romney would finish first over Paul . Who will finish first ?  Mitt Romney : ... 40  63 %  Ron Paul : ... 17  27 %  Michele Bachmann : ... 1  1 %  Newt Gingrich : ... 1  1 %  Rick Perry : ... 1  1 %  Rick Santorum : ... 0  0 %  Too close to call/dead heat : ... 4  6 % Three other Iowa GOP insiders thought the race was just too close to call between Romney and Paul , and they picked those two to finish in a dead heat . And another predicted a four-way traffic jam for first between Romney , Paul , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum . While Santorum has been surging in the polls in the final week of campaigning , not a single Iowa GOP insider picked him to be the outright winner on caucus night . As one Iowa Republican explained , Romney has run a shrewder campaign than he did in his 2008 caucus effort , when he bet huge amounts of time and resources in the state expecting a victory , only to see former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee rally born-again and evangelical voters for the win . "  He has run a smart campaign ; not the campaign that Iowa politicos would necessarily like to see , but the operation has done the right thing in Iowa from  managing  expectations to ads to finally deciding to play here , " one GOP insider , who asked that his name not be used , said of Romney . "  What is n't written about enough is the value of the time he put in Iowa four years ago and how he still has staff and an extensive array of ` super volunteers ' around the state . He has had the money and now you are starting to see some enthusiasm at his events . He wins a close caucus . " Indeed , when those same 64 Iowa GOP insiders were asked to predict the percentage of the caucus vote that each of the Republican White House hopefuls would capture , the race between Romney and Paul looked much tighter . Percentage of caucus vote expected  Mitt Romney : ... 24 %  Ron Paul : ... 22 %  Rick Santorum : ... 17 %  Newt Gingrich : ... 15 %  Rick Perry : ... 11 %  Michele Bachmann : ... 7 %  Other : ... 2 %  Jon Huntsman : ... 1 % Romney is not without his challenges in the state . Some wonder whether his Mormon faith remains a barrier for him in a contest where 60 % of participants in the 2008 GOP caucuses were born-again or evangelical Christians . But Romney 's biggest challenge may be the feeling that he is too politically expedient . RELATED : Some Iowa Republicans want more options RELATED : Will Iowa 's evangelicals pick the GOP nominee ? Asked what Romney 's biggest hurdle in the state was , nearly two-thirds of the Iowa GOP insiders said that it was the perception that he tailored his positions depending on the politics of the moment -- far surpassing concerns over the health care reform measure he signed into law in Massachusetts or skepticism from born-again and evangelical voters . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Romney in Iowa ?  Perception that he has changed views for political gain : ... 64 %  Massachusetts health care law : ... 22 %  Doubts about him among born-again/evangelical voters : ... 14 % "  As a supporter  of another campaign  in 2008 , I remember the attacks we tossed his way four years ago , " said one GOP Iowa insider . "  The flip-flopper image remains . " But that liability may pale compared to handicaps Newt Gingrich has faced in the state . Once the front-runner in Iowa , Gingrich has had to endure a barrage of negative attacks , particularly from super-PACs supporting Romney and Texas Gov. Rick Perry . And while Gingrich burst to the top of the pack in Iowa after the collapse of Herman Cain 's campaign last fall , Iowa GOP insiders do n't think he built the kind of political apparatus in the state that could buttress him as he 's come under unrelenting fire . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Gingrich in Iowa ?  The negative ads run against him : ... 61 %  His lack of organization in the state : ... 33 %  Doubts about him among born-again/evangelical voters : ... 5 %  Personal baggage  volunteered  : ... 2 % "  While his lack of organization is a major issue , he could have conceivably overcome it if his face had n't been ripped off by negative ads , which are running almost every other commercial , " observed one GOP Iowa insider . But another averred , "  They have shown his record , which has been all over the map . " Romney 's main rival in the caucuses , Paul , also has problems making more headway in the state . While the 76-year-old congressman has been able to cultivate a devoted following with a blend of libertarian and isolationist appeals , there 's a sense among many Iowa GOP insiders that that kind of exotic brew ultimately makes him unacceptable to most Republicans in a primary and most general election voters in the fall . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Paul in Iowa ?  His stance on foreign policy : ... 56 %  Perception that he ca n't win in the general election : ... 46 %  Doubts about him among born-again/evangelical voters : ... 0 % "  His ideas are too extreme and he does n't try to mainstream them , " said another Iowa GOP insider . "  Paul 's supporters do n't care that he ca n't win , " cracked another . "  His foreign policy stances ensure that he wo n't . " Whoever wins on Tuesday , Iowa Republicans believe the party rank and file , along with larger-than-normal numbers of independents attracted by Paul 's candidacy , will flock to the caucuses . Half of the Iowa GOP insiders expect their turnout will be above the 119,000 mark set in the 2008 caucuses . While some of that may be wishful partisan thinking , only 11 % think that turnout will drop , while 39 % predict it will be about the same as four years ago . The CNN Iowa GOP insiders were surveyed from the evening of December 27 through the morning of December 30 . Most of the survey was conducted over the Internet ; some interviews were conducted by phone . The Iowa insiders were given anonymity for their individual answers in order to encourage candid responses . And while some insiders were aligned with one or another of the presidential campaigns , more than two-thirds said they had not endorsed and were not working for any candidate in the race . Here are the names of the participants in the survey : Chad Airhart , Tim Albrecht , Bill Anderson , Lon Anderson , Becky Beach , Carmine Boal , Jeff Boeyink , Michael Bousselot , Danny Carroll , James Centers , Tim Coonan , Peter Cownie , Mikel Derby , Paula Dierenfeld , Brian Dumas , Ed Failor Jr. , Susan Fenton , Brenna Findley , Christian Fong , Dave Funk , Tracie Gilbert , John Gilliland , Gary Grant , Pat Grassley , Adam Gregg , Sandy Greiner , Steve Grubbs , Chris Hagenow , Robert Haus , Erik Helland , Matt Hinch , Mark Hudson , Caleb Hunter , Stew Iverson , David Jamison , Eric Johansen , Jake Ketzner , Gary Kirke , Jeff Lamberti , Jill Latham , Don McDowell , Christopher McGowan , Bill Northey , Chad Olsen , Noreen Otto , Christopher Rants , Steve Roberts , Craig Robinson , Dave Roederer , Brett Rogers , Richard Rogers , Stacey Rogers , Nick Ryan , Renne Schulte , Rich Schwarm , Mike St. Clair , Suzan Stewart , Ted Stopulos , Cameron Sutton , Ed Wallace , Andy Warren , Nicole Woodroffe , Eric Woolson , Grant Young .	CNN surveyed 64 Iowa GOP political insiders days before the historic caucuses Two-thirds say that Mitt Romney will win on Tuesday Insiders also feel Ron Paul will finish in second place
United Nations  CNN  -- U.N. officials are pleading for immediate economic assistance for four African countries where people are facing malnutrition in the wake of a drought last year . The coming weeks ahead will be the toughest for these countries in the Sahel -- the stretch of African countries including Niger , Chad , Mali and Mauritania -- as they make their way into the rainy season and scrape by with the little food they have since last year 's harvest , officials said . Humanitarian agencies and relief organizations pushed for continued economic support from the international community on behalf of the drought-ridden African countries at the United Nations on Tuesday . "  The levels of food insecurity have begun to spiral out of control and affect a number of countries across the region , " U.N. Under-Secretary-General John Holmes said . "  Niger is the center of this crisis , it is a country by far the worst affected , some 7 million people are suffering from severe or moderate food insecurity and that 's almost fifty percent of the country 's population , " Holmes said . Over 10 million people in the Sahel are at risk for food shortages , according to the U.N. , and their situation is unlikely to improve until the coming harvest in October . "  We 're in the long stretch between last year 's harvest and the one coming up , " said Josette Sheeran , executive director of the World Food Programme , via telephone from Niger . "  We have now six weeks until it is agreed we will be out of the severe danger zone and the ramp-up has to happen not in a few weeks but now , before this very difficult time , " Sheeran said . In Chad , thousands of children are suffering from severe acute malnutrition . The number of severely malnourished children doubled from 2,900 in 2009 to 6,508 this year . "  At the end of the day , what kills children suffering from malnutrition is disease of some kind affecting them in their weakened states . And we 're particularly concerned that as the rainy season is starting now , diseases like malaria , diarrhea and respiratory diseases will spread as they always do at this time of year and the death rates for the affected children will go up rapidly , " Holmes said . The World Food Programme is expected to increase the number of health centers from 52 to around 140 in the coming weeks . The centers "  will be placed strategically in the most vulnerable areas where we 're seeing the highest rates of acute malnutrition , " said Sheeran . As the Sahel enters the rainy season , many of the roads will become impassable . Sheeran said the aim of the assistance is to "  go into the most severely affected areas to ensure that we have adequate distribution and can reach those families that are cut off on the roads that are becoming much more difficult . " Leaders from the relief organizations urged the international community to step up its economic support for the people in the Sahel . Eveline Rooijmans , a policy adviser with the aid organization Oxfam , said the assistance is needed now . "  What we need now is urgent action from international leaders and donors to make sure that people have access to food now and in the future , " Rooijmans said . "  While for the future we should indeed invest in long-term measure to avoid this type of crisis from happening again , at this very moment it is about urgent short-term action . "	People in four African countries are facing malnutrition after a drought last year The coming weeks will be difficult for Niger , Chad , Mali and Mauritania The drought left a weak harvest , the coming rainy season will make transportation difficult
CNN  The next time Ernie Banks plays two -- something he enjoyed , feeling one baseball game a day was n't enough -- it will be in the diamond in the sky . The former Negro League upstart turned Cubs legend turned favorite son of Chicago died Friday of a heart attack in the Illinois city , family attorney Mark Bogen said . It was a week shy of his 84th birthday . A public memorial will be scheduled , Bogen said . Cubs Chairman Tom Ricketts described Banks as "  one of the greatest players of all time . " "  Words can not express how important Ernie Banks will always be to the Chicago Cubs , the city of Chicago and Major League Baseball , " Ricketts said . " ... He was a pioneer in the major leagues . And more importantly , he was the warmest and most sincere person I 've ever known . " "  Approachable , ever optimistic and kindhearted , Ernie Banks is and always will be Mr. Cub . " Farewell to ` Mr. Cub ' Ernie Banks , an elegant ambassador and all-time great The thing is , Banks was n't just a great baseball player , but a great champion for his sport and adopted city . The Windy City 's mayor , Rahm Emanuel , called him "  one of Chicago 's greatest ambassadors . " Emanuel said , "  He loved this city as much as he loved -- and lived for -- the game of baseball . " And baseball loved him back -- not just for the player he was , but the man he was . This sentiment was evident on social media , with one man writing , "  I 've heard a lot of Ernie Banks stories in my life , a lot . But not one of them showed him in a negative way . " One person tweeted that , like the recently departed Stan Musial , Banks was "  never too big for fans . " "  Mr. Cub will play 2 today , " wrote another man . "  He 's with the Angels now and hopefully he 'll get a ring . " That message alluded to the fact that Banks , despite all his stellar play over his career , never earned a World Series ring . In fact , the last time the Cubs won baseball 's ultimate prize was 1908 . But you 'd never know it from Banks ' omnipresent smile . He became the Chicago franchise 's first black player in 1953 . That happened three years after the Dallas native started his professional career in the Negro Leagues with the Kansas City Monarchs , then spent two years in the Army . After the Monarchs sold his contract to the Cubs , Banks jumped straight to the Major Leagues -- hitting .314 in the 10 games he played in that first season . He became Chicago 's starting shortstop the next year , then had his real breakthrough in 1955 when he racked up 117 RBIs . His 44 home runs that season were at the time the most ever for a shortstop .  He hit 47 homers three years later , still a National League record for the position . Banks kept it up as his career rolled along . Late umpire Tom Gorman once recalled that in 1957 , pitchers Don Drysdale , Bob Purkey , Bob Friend and Jack Sanford knocked down Banks with pitches , according to a story on the Cubs ' website . "  And each time he was knocked down , " Gorman said , "  Banks hit their next pitch out of the park . " The accomplishments piled up through Banks ' retirement after the 1971 season : 2,583 hits , 11 National League All-Star selections , two of the league 's Most Valuable Player awards , and 512 home runs , including five seasons hitting more than 40 homers . And in 1977 , six years after his last at-bat , Banks was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame . It 's no wonder , then , that he was voted the "  Greatest Cub Ever " in a 1969 Chicago Sun-Times fan poll . After all , he was known both as "  Mr. Cub " and "  Mr. Sunshine . " Hall of Fame manager Leo Durocher , who was known for saying "  Nice guys finish last , " made an exception for Banks . "  Banks is one nice guy who finished first -- but he had the talent to go with it , " Durocher said . And this from sportswriter Arthur Daley : "  He rejoices merely in living , and baseball is a marvelous extra that makes his existence so much more pleasurable . " Bogen , the family lawyer , said that Banks "  would go right up to people and ask about their families and how they were doing rather than baseball . " "  He wanted to know all about people 's lives . Baseball was not the first thing he would talk about , " the attorney said . "  He cared about people . " His work on and off the field led to his receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor , in 2013 . "  To have this award passed on to me is certainly a great joy , " Banks told CNN 's Jake Tapper at the time . "  It 's something I 'll never forget . " The slugger left an impression on President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama , too . In a White House statement Saturday , Obama noted how Banks -- who made $ 7 a day coming up through the Negro Leagues -- never lost "  his cheer , his optimism , and his love of the game . " "  He was beloved by baseball fans everywhere , " Obama said , "  including Michelle , who , when she was a girl , used to sit with her dad and watch him play on TV . " People we 've lost in 2015	Banks started in the Negro Leagues , played for Chicago from 1953 to 1971 He was known as "  Mr. Cub " and "  Mr. Sunshine " for his positive , warm demeanor
The Frisky  -- Natalie Portman is getting a lot of Oscar buzz for her performance in "  Black Swan . " And while the young actress certainly deserves the attention for the mind-bending role , we 're a little concerned that a dud of a movie is about to hit theaters that could distract critics from her performance in the ballet thriller . Her rom-com "  No Strings Attached , " also starring Ashton Kutcher , is coming out right before the Oscars . Sometimes when this kind of thing happens , it makes the stronger performance seem like a fluke and can cost an actor precious Academy votes . But Natalie would not be the first star who went from stellar performance to getting stuck in a stinker . From "  Dreamgirls to "  Norbit " Apparently , a lot of people felt that Eddie Murphy 's shot at winning an Oscar for his role in "  Dreamgirls " evaporated after his 2007 movie "  Norbit . " For his role as James "  Thunder " Early in "  Dreamgirls , " Murphy took home a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award and earned an Oscar nomination  but not a win  , but when "  Norbit " dropped in theaters , the movie ended up winning eight Golden Raspberry "  Razzie " awards . That 's a lot of bad "  fruit . " The Frisky : Pics of 15 celebrity slobs America 's sweetheart bombs Sandra Bullock made history in 2010 for winning both an Oscar and a Razzie in the same year . Actually , make that in the same weekend ! Before accepting her Best Actress Oscar for "  The Blind Side , " the gracious actress accepted a Razzie for Worst Actress in "  All About Steve . " We 're sure her two statues sit side by side . From "  Good Will " to six stinkers Ben Affleck took home an Oscar in 1997 for writing "  Good Will Hunting , " so I suppose his acting prowess was n't exactly on the line . But he followed up that win with a number of truly mediocre roles and was nominated for Worst Actor of the Decade Razzie this year for his contributions to film in "  Daredevil , " "  Gigli , " "  Jersey Girl , " "  Paycheck , " "  Pearl Harbor , " and "  Surviving Christmas . " Ouch . But it should be noted that Affleck did accept his 2004 Razzie in person , so at least he 's a good sport . The Frisky : 12 celebs who 've denied getting breast implants "  Catwoman " was a "  Monster " Actress Halle Berry followed her 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress in "  Monster 's Ball " with a Razzie Award for Worst Actress in "  Catwoman " in 2005 . Berry accepted her Razzie while holding her Academy Award , which is awesomely ... awesome . The Frisky : 10 female stars who are OK with nudity He should have said "  no " to "  Vice " Jamie Foxx had a great year in 2004 after winning an Oscar for "  Ray , " getting another nomination for "  Collateral , " and having a hit song with "  Slow Jamz . " But he followed that strong year with films like "  Miami Vice " and "  Valentine 's Day , " which , no matter what anyone says , was super mediocre . She had a good and a bad "  marriage " movie Her performance in 2008 's "  Rachel Getting Married " earned Anne Hathaway an Oscar nomination , but her other bridal-themed flop , "  Bride Wars , " the following year made us forget all about it . Wedding-themed movies are just a hard genre to get right . The Frisky : 10 Hollywood female celebs under 35 who are "  out " From piano man to sci-fi flop Nothing could make me stop loving Adrien Brody , but he did manage to disappoint critics when he followed up his 2003 Best Actor Oscar for "  The Pianist " with "  The Singing Detective " and  shudder  "  King Kong . " And now he 's wasting his talent in weird sc-fi movies like "  Splice " and "  Predators ? " Get this man a period piece , pronto ! The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Portman 's rom-com "  No Strings Attached " is coming out right before the Oscars Sandra Bullock made history in 2010 for winning both an Oscar and a Razzie Halle Berry followed her 2002 Academy Award with a Razzie Award in 2005
Editor 's note : Below is a chapter from CNN executive producer and author Suzanne Simons ' new book , "  Master of War : Blackwater 's Erik Prince and the Global Business of War . " This excerpt recounts a trip Prince made to Afghanistan in November 2007 . Erik Prince , founder of Blackwater , is pictured in Afghanistan in November 2007 . CNN  -- The group would be met by a Blackwater security team in Kabul , Afghanistan . They would be escorted from one meeting to another with employees of the Department of State , the CIA , and the Department of Defense . Erik Prince wanted to know how his company was being perceived half a world away from the Washington media . In addition to the contracts with the CIA and with Defense for airlifting supplies to troops , Blackwater had guards working for the Department of State at the U.S. embassy annex in Kabul . Finally , his men trained Afghans for border patrol and narcotics interdiction . All four contracts needed to be handled with care , given the new controversies the company faced . Prince had realistic hopes of gaining some new business . Clashes between coalition forces and the Taliban along the country 's borders had been brutal , and Prince was already in the business of training Afghans to stop the illicit flow of drugs that was believed to be funding the insurgency . Surely more could be done . Afghanistan was a big market for Blackwater , and Prince hoped he could expand his business on this trip . ... The 2 1/2 - hour flight to Kabul was packed with a combination of contractors , military types and some random folk who looked as if they had stepped off a movie set . In fact , just a few rows behind Prince sat a bald actor who had played a cameo role in an Indiana Jones movie . For Prince , the trip was not just about clients ; it was also a chance to meet some of the eclectic , modern-day soldiers of fortune who worked under him . Prince and his companions were met on the ground by a two-vehicle Blackwater team led by former FBI special agent Ricky "  C.T. " Chambers . After his earlier work for the bureau investigating the embassy bombings in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , he had become Blackwater 's regional director of training in Afghanistan in 2003 for the Drug Enforcement Agency and Afghan narcotics interdiction contracts , as well as the Afghan border police training programs . C.T. knew everyone in Kabul . He liked his job , particularly because he was one of the few men who could live in Afghanistan with his wife , a British beauty whom he 'd met years earlier during his FBI days in Kenya . M.C. , as she liked to be called , now ran Blackwater 's administrative efforts in the country , including the oversight of some 40 local nationals . C.T. greeted the boss with a handshake and a bulletproof vest . There had been a suicide bombing in the capital that morning , and at least a few people were killed . It happened not far from Blackwater 's safe houses , and some of the employees had gone to the roof to get a better look at the huge plume of smoke rising from the site of the attack . Suicide bombings were becoming more common in the capital , even in broad daylight in crowded areas where security was present . Taliban insurgents were wiring up Afghans who were mentally or physically disabled , the underprivileged who would sit along the side of the busy streets hoping for someone to drop money into their laps . When a U.S. convoy or other acceptable target got close enough , militants would remotely detonate their victims . Prince put on his vest for a five-minute ride to the other side of the airport . One of his planes was being prepared to take him to the country 's largest airfield , where his own pilots were based . There were armed security guards in each of the two Blackwater SUVs , but Prince kept his own Glock on the seat next to him . He kept his eyes open as the convoy moved along the crowded Kabul streets , where fresh meat carcasses hung out to dry and barefooted kids played in the narrow , dust-ridden alleyways . He particularly watched for teenagers on cell phones , standing on corners . He had seen intelligence information suggesting teens were being paid by insurgents to scout out Western convoys and report their coordinates for a possible attack . Once safely inside the airport 's perimeter , Prince and his team made their way to the Blackwater plane sitting on the tarmac . He greeted his pilots and asked how things were going . They assured him that the Department of Defense was happy with the job they were doing . Despite the crash of Blackwater Flight 61 into the side of a mountain two years earlier , Presidential Airways had continued to sign contracts with the Pentagon several times since then , including a $ 91 million-a-year contract to provide air support in Guam . Prince 's company had eight Cessna aircraft in Afghanistan , working for the Department of Defense . His men flew everything from drug eradication missions to bundle drops . Many of them were high-risk flights from forward operating bases in the countryside . If there was an architect of the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan , it had been the Central Intelligence Agency . While Prince had used his connection to A. B. "  Buzzy " Krongard , the former executive director of the CIA , to get his first black contract for security work , the agency had continued to renew Blackwater 's work , even after Krongard left . At the secret CIA post , Prince met with a handful of his men who had come to greet him . Several of them looked as if they had walked out of an X-Files convention : long hair , plaid flannel shirts and baggy pants worn much further down than pants were meant to be worn . Prince , in keeping with his conservative upbringing , gave some of them a hard time about their appearance , but they insisted it was what worked best among the local population . Prince 's men had apparently made the CIA happy , providing static security and performing unknown other tasks . But some in the European Parliament suspected that Prince 's Presidential Airways had operated rendition flights for the CIA , and said so in a report . An attorney for Prince pressed the European Parliament for proof to support such a claim , but proof never materialized . The attorney insisted the statements in the report were false and demanded a correction . While the possibility of Prince 's companies taking part seemed plausible , Prince denied it ever happened . ... Eight deputies of Gen. Rahman , the general in charge of the Afghan border police , were already waiting in a large office on the second floor of the two-story building when Prince arrived . He took a seat on a large sofa and listened as the general , through an interpreter , gave him an update on just how Blackwater 's training program was working out . Prince 's men were responsible not only for training the Afghan force in firearms procedures , but for equipping them as well . It was the "  one-stop shopping " that Prince had put into place for his law enforcement and Special Forces clients back at Blackwater 's Moyock facility so many years earlier . "  Make yourself indispensable to the client , " he had said , "  and you 'll always have work . "	Blackwater is a private military contractor that was founded in 1997 by Erik Prince 2004 : Four Blackwater men were seized , murdered , hung from a bridge in Falluja The company now goes by the name Xe CNN 's Suzanne Simmons ' book explores Prince and his key employees in-depth
CNN  -- It 's been a long time . A very long time . But I can not forget my first school lunch . Call it free or call it charity , but it was a good meal that provided me , and so many others , with sustenance that made our school days more delightful . Our meals honored the traditions of the time -- red beans and rice with smoked sausage , bread and perhaps dessert . And of course every Friday we had fish sticks , potato salad or French fries . We 've come a long way since then . Today , most public school children get perfectly balanced meals . School chefs use food selected to provide maximum nutrition , food that will enhance a student 's well-being and learning abilities . Their standards come from federal nutrition experts in the U.S. Department of Agriculture who survey what important foods are missing from children 's diets . More than 90 % of the nation 's schools follow these criteria . Come September , guidelines for healthier snacks will be added . Still , for all our efforts , the White House reports that , because of a poor diet , one-third of our children are on the path to diabetes . Regulations implementing the nutritional guidelines must be legislated by Congress . As it considers the Agriculture Appropriations Bill , Congress -- especially House Republicans -- will have to decide if it represents the interests of our children or of special food lobbyists . For example , the Maryland-based School Nutrition Association has sought , and received , congressional support to grant a one-year waiver from the standards to schools that can demonstrate six months of financial loss . The group represents 55,000 school lunch workers and nutritionists . But The Washington Post quoted a health professional who said the group reflects its funders , who are mostly frozen food and agribusiness interests . Getting our children healthy lunches has had bipartisan origins . The healthy school lunch program was put forth during the George W. Bush years , and strengthened with the Healthy , Hunger-Free Kids Act Michelle Obama saw successfully to adoption in 2010 . Implementing USDA healthy lunch standards has met with some schools ' resistance , according to the Government Accountability Office and the School Nutrition Association . But why ? After all , a USDA study found only 0.15 % of the schools surveyed said they were having difficulty complying with the healthy foods standards . And the same study found that upward of 90 % of the schools involved are successfully meeting the guidelines . That finding confirms another study done in 2012 by the Kids ' Safe and Healthful Foods Project , "  a collaboration between The Pew Charitable Trusts and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation that provides nonpartisan analysis and evidence-based recommendations " on food standards . It found 94 % of school districts were on board to meeting the healthy food guidelines . Jessica Donze Black , a nutritionist and director with Pew , told the press , "  We are disappointed  with this waiver  that would weaken national nutrition standards for foods served in schools . " Indeed , more than 100 child nutrition experts at national , state and local levels released a petition to Congress on May 19 , requesting lawmakers fight , and end , the waiver to opt out of all the breakfast and lunch standards for schoolchildren . We are beginning to reverse childhood obesity ; it has fallen among preschoolers . But childhood obesity doubled during the past 30 years . Our progress is tiny but encouraging . The proposed waiver appears to be an attempt to buy time so the frozen food industry and agribusinesses can worm their foods into the schools . The provision is opposed by hundreds of nonpartisan , nonprofit nutrition organizations and supported by just a handful of powerful junk food interests . Congress appears willing to gamble with our children 's health at the same time Olivier De Schutter , a U.N. health expert , declares that "  unhealthy diets are greater threat to health than tobacco . " Ironically , De Schutter calls for global regulation of salty , sugary foods , just when some members of Congress seem ready to abandon our own standards . Providing our children with healthy food will reduce future health care costs . So why is this too being turned into a partisan dodge ? Republicans in Congress have limited a pilot program that will test efficient ways to deliver foods during the summer only to children in rural low-income households .  This is not to be confused with the Summer Food Service Program , which will continue to deliver meals to urban and rural children alike . The excuse given by a House Agriculture spokeswoman is that rural children are scattered over wider areas and so "  have some unique challenges . " As if urban children going hungry do n't face "  unique challenges . " The House version of the Agriculture Appropriations Bill also seeks to add starchy , white potatoes to the list of "  qualified vegetables " under the Women , Infants and Children , or WIC , supplemental feeding program for pregnant women and young children . This move comes after heavy lobbying by the white potato industry , which wants the prestige of qualifying for WIC and the marketing advantage that comes with it . Congress should say no to the special interests , stop turning the well-being of our children into a partisan tool and focus on our children 's health and their future . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile says Republicans want to undo Michelle Obama 's gains in healthy lunches House bill would grant waivers , allow potatoes to be considered as "  qualified " vegetable Brazile : Frozen food , agribusiness want to whittle away at healthy lunch programs
CNN  -- Actor Michael Douglas made headlines on Monday after telling The Guardian that his throat cancer may have been caused by the human papillomavirus transmitted through oral sex . The link between oral sex , HPV and cancer has been receiving more attention in recent years . HPV is a virus that 's transmitted through sexual contact -- genital or oral . There are more than 40 types , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and approximately 79 million Americans are currently infected . Most people have no symptoms . "  HPV is so common that nearly all sexually active men and women will get at least one type of HPV at some point in their lives , " the CDC 's website states . "  In most cases , the virus goes away and it does not lead to any health problems . There is no certain way to know which people infected with HPV will go on to develop cancer . " Douglas ' publicist told CNN that the actor did not intend to point to HPV as the sole cause of his throat cancer , but was suggesting it as one possible cause . Did oral sex bring about Michael Douglas ' cancer diagnosis ? Not exactly HPV is thought to cause 1,700 oropharyngeal , or throat , cancers in women and 6,700 oropharyngeal cancers in men each year , according to the CDC . Tobacco and alcohol use may play a role in who develops cancer from the virus , the government agency notes . A 2011 study found that the proportion of oropharyngeal cancers related to HPV increased from 16.3 % to 71.7 % between 1984 and 2004 . Data presented that same year at the American Association for the Advancement of Science annual meeting suggested HPV was overtaking tobacco as the leading cause of oral cancers in Americans under the age of 50 . The virus is transmissible regardless of whether the sexual contact is heterosexual or homosexual . Approximately 42,000 people in the United States will be newly diagnosed with oral cancer in 2013 , according to the Oral Cancer Foundation . This includes neck , mouth and throat cancers . When they 're found early , oral cancers have an 80 to 90 % survival rate , the foundation says . "  Patients with HPV-positive cancers have better survival rates , " Dr. Anil Chaturvedi of the National Cancer Institute told CNN in 2011 . "  The precise reasons for the survival benefits are not clear , but tumors in HPV-positive patients tend to have less genetic damage . Because of that , they are more responsive to cancer therapies like radiation treatment . " The CDC and the American Academy of Pediatrics recommend both boys and girls get the HPV vaccine between the ages of 11 and 12 . Doctors say the vaccine is most effective if administered before a child becomes sexually active . HPV has also been linked to cervical cancer , penile cancer and anal cancer , according to the CDC . The HPV vaccine prevents the most common types of the virus . There are two approved for use in the United States : Gardasil and Cervarix . Of course , HPV is not the only danger of having unprotected oral sex . Sexually transmitted diseases like herpes , syphilis , gonorrhea and HIV can be also be spread through the act . To stay safe , the CDC recommends always using a condom and getting tested regularly . "  The good news is that all STIs are preventable and most are curable , " writes Gail Bolan , the CDC 's director of STD prevention division . "  But , because most STIs have no symptoms , testing is the necessary first step to treatment . "	There are more than 40 types of the human papillomavirus HPV can cause genital warts and several types of cancer , including throat cancers The CDC recommends all boys and girls receive the HPV vaccine
CNN  -- Her Colorado home destroyed by a natural disaster , Trudy Dawson stops to think about fire and water . She is thinking about the wildfire that reduced her house near Colorado Springs to ashes this week and about the water that Hurricane Katrina pushed into her childhood home eight years ago . "  I sit back and reflect on the difference between flood and fire , " Dawson said . The 16,000-acre Black Forest Fire in Colorado claimed two lives and 500 structures . Comparing what she witnessed at her parents ' home in New Orleans when it was flooded by Katrina and the fire that engulfed her own home , Dawson knows which is worse . The fire . With the flood , her family was able to salvage many items , even if they were waterlogged . The structure still stood . "  It was total destruction this time , " she said of her Colorado home . "  Everything was ashes . We were told by the fire chief that the intensity of the heat made my three-story house collapse . " Dawson , a psychotherapist , was at work on Monday when her daughter , who happened to be in town , alerted her to the fire . Dawson got to her house in time to see the plumes of smoke and to receive the reverse-911 call to evacuate . She gave herself 30 minutes to get out . She and her daughter started with the electronics -- the computers and tablets that hold important records . Then the physical documents in her possession . Time was ticking . They started grabbing clothes from the closets , not really paying attention to whether the items would actually be helpful . "  Emotions override any logic at that point , " she said . Dawson has two cats but could find only one . She had no way to transport the two horses she owns . She had to leave . The horses survived , but every day Dawson remembers another special item that disappeared in the fire . She thinks : If she had just spent a few more minutes at her home , she could have saved some more treasured possessions . But , she has heard , the two victims who perished had waited too long to evacuate , possibly trying to save those memorable items . Thinking back to Katrina , Dawson recalls the look in her parents ' eyes when they returned to their flooded home to see their losses . There were six inches of sludge on the floor , and the family entered with boots and gloves , looking at what survived . They found her father 's World War II medals . And a china doll that had fallen from its case to the ground but had not broken . The story of the doll , which they named Katrina , was even featured in the Wall Street Journal . The doll still holds water that seeped in during the time it was submerged . After this week 's fire , though , there was nothing left of her house . Just a foundation and ashes . "  We walked around the house in amazement and horrified at what we saw , " she said . Beyond reflecting on the destructive powers of water and fire , however , Dawson is unwavering on her next step . She will rebuild .	Trudy Dawson lost her family home in Katrina , and her own home in a wildfire this week Fire is the worse of the two , Colorado woman says : "  It was total destruction this time . " She lost her possessions but has no regrets about evacuating when she did
Dressed in all white with a striped shawl across his shoulders , the gaunt American looks up at the Black Hawk chopper circling overhead . Armed Taliban men stand around him , one with a rocket-propelled grenade launcher ready . When the chopper lands , the American is led there by two men , one carrying a white flag . He is given a pat-down , loaded on to the helicopter and whisked away . A new video released by the Taliban showed the final moments of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's five years in captivity , just before he was handed over to the United States . As debate over the circumstances surrounding Bergdahl 's release showed no signs of slowing Wednesday , the video revealed intriguing clues about Bergdahl , his Taliban captors and his American rescuers . The narration on the video says the transfer took place in Khost province , in eastern Afghanistan . "  We had a number of tribal elders with us ... in order to build trust between us and the other side , " a voice in the video says . "  We told them that we had warned all our Mujahideen fighters in Khost province and especially in Batai area not to attack them . " The 17-minute video also showed an unusual sight : Taliban members shaking hands with men from the Black Hawk . The Pentagon said Wednesday it has no reason to doubt the video 's authenticity . "  But we are reviewing it , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . "  Regardless , we know the transfer was peaceful and successful , and our focus remains on getting Sgt. Bergdahl the care he needs . " Mike Baker , a former covert operations officer for the CIA , said there 's a clear purpose behind the video . "  The Taliban does n't operate in a bubble . They do n't live in a cave . They understand the importance of social media . They understand the importance of marketing and public relations , " he told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  This is a scripted propaganda piece for them . ... And so they 're doing this , in a sense , to show their credibility , to show their strength as warriors to their supporters , and to try to use it as a recruiting tool . " Bowe Bergdahl : Strong , well-rounded and easy to talk to , friends say Surrounded by Mujahideen At one point in the video , Taliban members start chanting , "  Long live Mujahideen of Afghanistan , long live Mullah Omar , the leader of Taliban . " Mujahideen refers to those who carry out jihad . The narrator 's voice said armed fighters were stationed throughout the transfer area . "  We waited in the area for around 10 minutes before the helicopters arrived , and there were 18 Mujahideen fighters with me in the area , " the narrator said . Indeed , the video showed armed men perched high and low on nearby hillsides . "  Our arrangement was that once the helicopters are on the ground , three people from the other side would get off the helicopter and three from our side , including the captive , would move toward the helicopter to hand him over . " The video has few words in English , other than this message superimposed over Bergdahl : "  Don ` come back to afghanistan " Narrator in video : ` He was fine ' In the video , the narrator also gives his opinion about an issue that 's become a focal point since Bergdahl 's release : the soldier 's health . "  They first asked us about the health condition of the captive and told us to tell them the truth if he was not well , but we saw him , that he was fine , and we told them that , " the narrator says . Since announcing Bergdahl 's release over the weekend , Obama administration officials have repeatedly said they fast-tracked the operation over concerns about his health and safety , which appeared to be in jeopardy . Recent intelligence , in addition to two proof-of-life videos of Bergdahl released in recent months , led to growing concern about his health and safety , a senior defense official said Wednesday . Chris Voss , the FBI 's former lead international hostage negotiator , said that might have been exactly what Bergdahl 's captors wanted . "  You expect the hostage-takers to make it look like the hostage is in bad shape so that they can drive a better bargain , and clearly it looks to me that 's what they did here , " he told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Wednesday . Deserter or hero ? National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Bergdahl served with honor and distinction . But there 's a growing chorus of criticism from some who served with him , describing him as a deserter . "  I believe that he totally deserted not only his fellow soldiers , but his leadership that wanted the best for him and for our country , " said former Army Staff Sgt. Justin Gerleve , who was Bergdahl 's squad leader . Some soldiers involved in operations to find Bergdahl have said at least six soldiers were killed searching for him . Asked about this point , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told reporters Wednesday that he did not know of specific circumstances or details of soldiers dying as a result of the efforts to find Bergdahl . Gerleve told "  The Lead " that he believes Bergdahl is at least partly to blame for the soldiers ' deaths . "  I ca n't really say I blame Bergdahl to fullest extent , but if he would n't have deserted us , these soldiers very well could have been in a different place at a different time , " he said . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after Bergdahl 's 2009 disappearance concluded that he left his outpost deliberately and on his own free will , according to a U.S. military official briefed on the report . The official spoke to CNN on Tuesday on the condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the information . There was no definitive finding Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials could n't do without talking to the soldier . On Wednesday , a U.S. official said that commanders referred to Bergdahl as a "  good soldier " in that initial fact-finding report , and that fellow soldiers said he 'd left the post on other occasions . The official , who has been briefed on the investigation , said the report said that Bergdahl had mailed his computer and other items home before his disappearance , but his motivation was unclear . Hagel said Wednesday that it 's "  unfair " to Bergdahl and his family to presume anything about his motivations for leaving the base . He reiterated that the Army will conduct a review of the case . Hagel spoke with Bergdahl 's family via telephone Wednesday , a senior Defense official told reporters . The defense secretary reassured them that Bergdahl would continue getting support with regard to his medical care and reintegration , and that the department was focused on their son 's health , the official said . Bergdahl will remain at a U.S. Army medical center in Germany until he completes treatment , a U.S. defense official there told CNN . After that , Bergdahl will return to the United States and go to a San Antonio military base , the official said . As the debate over Bergdahl showed no sign of slowing Wednesday , his hometown of Hailey , Idaho , canceled a "  Bowe is Back " event planned to celebrate his return "  in the interest of public safety . " Organizers , the city said , expected a large number of supporters and protesters to increase attendance . "  Hailey , a town of 8,000 , does not have the infrastructure to support an event of the size this could become , " the city said . Controversial swap Bergdahl 's captors handed him over to the United States in exchange for the release of five prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The Gitmo detainees swapped for Bergdahl : Who are they ? Both Democrats and Republicans have criticized the deal , arguing that it puts American lives at risk by releasing terrorists and accusing Obama of breaking the law by not notifying Congress 30 days in advance . Administration officials have said they consulted the Justice Department and acted legally . But some Republican lawmakers have said they 're not buying that argument , and want proof that Bergdahl 's health was really in jeopardy . "  This American is going home to his family , " Sen. Marco Rubio told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " before heading into a classified Senate briefing on Bergdahl on Wednesday . "  These five members of the Taliban are going back to the battlefield . " Afterward , Rubio and several other Republicans told reporters that the briefing had done nothing to stem their skepticism . "  I remain increasingly convinced that the President has now set a precedent that will encourage enemies of the United States to target American men and women in uniform , " he said . Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee , said criticism from lawmakers who 'd long been pushing for Obama to help bring Bergdahl home is "  disingenuous . " "  We had intelligence , from everything that I understand ... that this was our last , best opportunity , that he was potentially on death 's door . Looking at grainy video is not a way for us to determine that . But from everything I understand , this was our last best opportunity , " she said . John Bellinger , a former State Department legal adviser in President George W. Bush 's administration , told CNN that the prisoner swap deal was "  defensible . " "  This is one of those tough national security situations that presidents face , " he said , "  where all the options are bad . " Clinton wanted a tougher deal with Taliban for Bergdahl ? Was Bergdahl swap legal ? Depends on who you ask Bowe Bergdahl : A deserter or a hero ?	Republicans say Senate briefing on Bergdahl does n't stem their skepticism A video shows the minutes before Bergdahl is swooped away by a Black Hawk chopper Taliban members shake hands with men from the Black Hawk Bergdahl 's hometown cancels an event planned to celebrate his return
Washington  CNN  Decision time for GOP operatives , another controversial foreign policy choice for President Obama , a ripple effect from the Robert Menendez indictment , and two insights into Hillary Clinton 's campaign launch -- those stories filled our Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . Obama 's Iran diplomacy already has his conservative critics fired up , and things could get even more interesting in the week ahead . The President is headed to Panama for a regional summit , and Julie Pace of The Associated Press reports one of the big questions is whether he 'll make history and have a face-to-face meeting with Cuban leader Raul Castro . "  This would be the first meeting between a U.S. and a Cuban leader in decades , " said Pace . "  But Obama 's efforts to end this freeze of Cuba have been a lot more difficult than they looked when he announced it last year , " Pace said . "  And so what the White House is going to be weighing is whether this meeting would be a way to generate more progress or whether it would be a premature reward for the Castros . " Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official . And with the launch , Jonathan Martin of The New York Times reports , will come a carefully orchestrated effort to reintroduce Clinton -- with an emphasis on her childhood and her earlier work on children 's issues . "  The Democrats around Hillary Clinton believe that while she 's one of the most famous people in the world , she 's never been properly introduced in her own right , " said Martin . "  So when she does roll out her campaign here in a couple of weeks , look for more biographical touches . We 'll hear about her childhood in suburban Chicago and some of the work that she did as an advocate for the Legal Services Corporation and the Children 's Defense Fund when she was in her 30s , and also , more about her Arkansas days as first lady , as an advocate for education . " A lot of the big names signing on to Team Clinton are already known . But Dan Balz of The Washington Post explains part of the statement her campaign wants to make with the announcement is to show it has a large , experienced staff ready for the key national and state roles . "  What I 'm hearing is that when they launch , this staff is going to be even much , much bigger than we , at this point , imagine , that they have done a huge amount of hiring , " said Balz . And Balz reports the planning centers on smaller events designed to highlight more personal interaction . "  She did an event with the wife of the mayor of New York earlier this week that could be a template for the kinds of things they 're doing . " Much of the media attention on the corruption indictment against Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey has been on its allegations of luxury hotel stays with girlfriends . But beyond the more tabloidesque details , Jackie Kucinich of The Daily Beast notes that one of the charges centers on a suggestion the senator 's staff was soliciting funds for a so-called super PAC -- a violation of campaign finance laws . And she says the scrutiny of that practice might grow because of the Menendez allegations . "  I was talking to some campaign finance watchdogs this week and they say if the  Federal Election Commission  really starts to look into this , they 're actually going to find some impropriety with other lawmakers much much farther than Menendez , " said Kucinich . "  So watch for that if it starts happening . " By a week from Monday , there will be three official GOP candidates for president : Ted Cruz , Rand Paul and Marco Rubio . Others will soon follow , and as things get more official , pressure is mounting on GOP operatives to choose sides . In New Hampshire this past week , Matt Maroney , a former Mitt Romney alum with ground organizing experience , signed on with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's team . Others in the state reported calls coming in from Ohio Gov. John Kasich and , yes , even Donald Trump . This dynamic plays out on the national level , too : Republican pollster Tony Fabrizio , for example , was approached both by Team Christie and by allies of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker . In the end , though , Fabrizio signed on with Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who makes his official announcement on Tuesday .	White House weighing whether Obama should meet with Raul Castro A serious congressional ripple effect from the Menendez indictment ? It 's decision time for GOP operatives as the 2016ers get ready to launch
Memphis , Tennessee  CNN  -- The Mississippi River is cresting at Memphis , forecasters said Tuesday , as attention began turning to flooding concerns in Louisiana and Mississippi . The slow passing of the bulge of water working its way from north to south along the Mississippi is only the beginning of the end of the siege for Memphis residents , who could be dealing with high water levels into June . And the struggle is just getting started for residents of Mississippi and Louisiana , where the river is expected to rise over the next few days to levels unseen since 1927 . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal predicted Tuesday that as many as 3 million acres of his state could be affected by the flooding . As has been the case upriver from Missouri south to Tennessee , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is predicting its system of levees and flood walls will hold , keeping the river from inundating the small towns and farms that line its banks . "  The system is under stress . It has been under significant stress all along . However , it is operating as designed and intended , " said Memphis District Readiness Branch Chief Steve Barry . "  The time of greatest concern has passed . We 're in a stable situation , " he said about the area around Memphis . In Tunica , Mississippi , where the river was inching toward a 48-foot crest Tuesday evening , county spokesman Larry Liddell said there 's not much anyone can do . "  We 're just watching and waiting , " he said . About 600 people in the Tunica community of Cutoff have been driven from their homes , Liddell said . Some of the city 's casinos also have water in them , but no one is sure how much , he said . Downstream in Louisiana , the Corps said it was closing a major lock that allows for the transfer of barge traffic between the Mississippi and the Red River Basin . The Corps also opened 44 more gates to the Bonnet Carre spillway in Norco , Louisiana , on Tuesday , sending millions of gallons of water rushing into Lake Pontchartrain and , eventually , the Gulf of Mexico . The Corps opened 28 gates on Monday and may consider opening an additional 38 on Wednesday , according to Jefferson Parish President John Young . The spillway was diverting the equivalent of nearly 50 Olympic-sized swimming pools from the Mississippi each minute , according to Corps statistics . The agency is also considering opening a second spillway -- the Morganza Spillway -- that could flood populated areas . The wait for whatever is going to happen is causing anxiety among residents . They 've been posting on Facebook pages operated by the Corps , demanding answers about if and when the Morganza Spillway will be opened and what other areas might be flooded . The spillway is on the Mississippi River north of Baton Rouge . Opening that spillway would send water into the Atchafalaya Delta to the west and south of Baton Rouge . A decision about whether to open the spillway is expected within the next 48 hours , according to Col. Ed Fleming , commander of the Corps ' New Orleans District . If that second spillway is opened , Jindal predicted that roughly 2,500 people and 2,000 structures would be at risk directly inside the floodway . Another 22,500 people and 11,000 structures would be affected by backwater flooding , he said . The river in Memphis measured 47.81 feet as of 1 p.m. Tuesday , according to the National Weather Service , which had not yet reported an official crest . Water levels could fall or rise slightly , said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . "  This is a long process that has small peaks and valleys , " she said . A crest is defined as the high point of the water during a flood before it begins to recede . Observers generally know that cresting is occurring when the gradual rise stops and the water level becomes stable . The Mississippi is the highest it 's been at Memphis since 1937 , when it crested at 48.7 feet -- 14.7 feet above flood stage . That flood killed 500 people and inundated 20 million acres of land , said Col. Vernie Reichling , the Corps of Engineers Memphis District commander . So far , the levees protecting the area have only shown minor weaknesses , which workers have been able to control , he said . The river covered the lowest parts of the city 's historic Beale Street and had already forced about 400 people from their homes Monday , Memphis Mayor A.C. Wharton Jr. said . Another 1,300 remained in low-lying areas , he said . One of the Memphis residents in peril was Latisha Bowles . Her neighborhood had been swallowed by floodwaters but so far , her home was the last one at the waters ' edge . "  It wants to come up here , but I 've been praying every day it do n't , " Bowles told CNN affiliate WMC Monday . "  I got three kids , and I 'm not ready to move out of my house over this . " President Barack Obama signed disaster declarations for Tennessee on Monday and Tuesday , which will help direct federal aid toward recovery efforts in areas hit by severe storms , flooding and tornadoes since April and continuing . Although the river was cresting , Reichling warned Memphis residents not to assume everything will soon return to normal . "  The flooding is going to stay , " he said . "  This river is not going to drop below 47  feet  until early next week at the earliest . And that means all the tributaries that flow into this are going to stay high . " Flooded areas in Tennessee could turn into ideal breeding grounds for mosquitoes , which can transmit West Nile virus and other diseases , the Tennessee Department of Health warned . The Mississippi State Department of Health said people in flooded areas could be at greater risk for tetanus . Once past Tennessee , the crest will next target Louisiana and Mississippi , where residents and authorities continued preparations for river levels that could break records set in 1927 , when flooding displaced 600,000 people and caused the equivalent of nearly $ 624 million in damages , according to the National Weather Service . Forecasters do n't expect anywhere near that kind of flooding , in large part because of the network of levees built after that disaster . Some 500 National Guard members have been mobilized for the flooding event so far , Jindal said . The river 's crest was expected to begin arriving in Louisiana next week . So far , 21 parishes have issued emergency declarations , Jindal said . Flooding is the last thing needed in southern Louisiana , which is still recovering from Hurricane Katrina , said Lynn Magnuson , a New Orleans resident who submitted footage of the flooding to CNN iReport . "  I went through Katrina , " Magnuson said . "  I would not wish flooding on anyone , and this city is the last place on Earth that needs any more high water . " U.S. Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , echoed that thought . "  After hurricanes Katrina , Rita , Gustav and Ike -- as well as the oil spill -- Louisiana can ill-afford another large-scale disaster . Billions of dollars in property is at stake , not to mention the threat to human life , " she said . Flooding also continued to be a problem in southeastern Missouri and southern Illinois , even though the Mississippi and Ohio rivers have already crested in those states . Last week , the Corps intentionally breached a levee in Missouri as part of its effort to reduce the pressure on other levees , flooding 130,000 acres of agricultural land over the objection of state officials and some farmers . The latest flooding in the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys is largely the byproduct of torrential rains throughout the region . Over one two-week stretch , there was about 600 % more precipitation than usual , forecasters said . Current weather finally appears to be working in the flood fighters ' favor . Only minimal rain is expected over the coming days , with daytime temperatures forecast to be in the upper 80s and 90s through Thursday . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Marlena Baldacci , Phil Gast and Ben Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Health departments warn of risks associated with flooding Gov. Bobby Jindal says some 3 million acres of Louisiana could be affected by flooding The forecast crest of 48 feet in Memphis is just inches shy of the 1937 record Louisiana and Mississippi must now deal with rising waters as the crest works southward
CNN Student News  -- January 25 , 2013 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : North Korea Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- No one will know until June how the Supreme Court will rule on President Obama 's Affordable Care Act . What we do know is there are three possible outcomes -- the law is upheld , struck down or struck down in part -- and Republicans must be prepared for each . If the law , also known as "  ObamaCare , " is struck down -- in whole or in part -- and the GOP is not prepared , it could find itself on the losing end of a vicious battle that could lead to four more years of Democratic control of the White House and perhaps Congress as well . On Monday , the president for the first time commented publicly on the Supreme Court 's deliberations . He warned the court about "  judicial activism " and "  a lack of judicial restraint " -- something Republicans have said they abhor . And he cautioned the "  unelected group of people " -- the justices on the court -- against "  overturn -LSB- ing -RSB- a duly constituted and passed law . " He walked back those comments after critics , including even liberal columnist Ruth Marcus , took issue with them . But the message was clear . The president may say he is confident the court will uphold the law , but it seems he 's not entirely optimistic . And if the law is overturned , we can count on the president to raise the issue on the campaign trail . It 's a reasonable strategy . Plus , "  relitigating " the court decision would be better for him than to run on issues such as unemployment rate , the state of the economy or the price of gas , which he has n't handled well . That leaves the Supreme Court . Although it may be hard to rouse conservatives to action right now since they do n't know how the court will rule , it 's better to be ready than not . If the law is overturned , they will need to come up with a comprehensive alternative . They can take some time to hash out the details by engaging the public on the issue . They can start by telling voters , in the words of the Cato scholar Doug Bandow , that "  ObamaCare represents extraordinary federal overreach , a bid to legislate well beyond Congress ' constitutional powers . " Republicans should offer a free-market approach that ends tax-favored treatment of workplace coverage ; encourages competition , even across state lines ; promotes consumer choice ; and somehow addresses those with pre-existing conditions . In many ways , it would mirror portions of what Mitt Romney began to outline in a recent USA Today op-ed . The Republican plan should seek to repair what is wrong with the health care law but deal respectfully with popular provisions , such as the one that allows young adults to stay on their parents ' plans into their mid-20s . They also must force insurance companies to explain why they are hesitant to provide coverage for those with pre-existing conditions without an individual mandate . Voters will want to hear something from Republicans that indicates they know , care and want to deal with this problem . For most Americans , health care is like plumbing : They know they need it ; they do n't truly know how it works , but they definitely know when it 's not working . And they sense now health care is not working , and the health care law -- flawed though it may be -- represents a legitimate attempt to fix it . There is no doubt health care will remain a highly volatile issue in this election year . If ObamaCare is rejected by the court , it would present a huge opportunity for Republicans . They could look like problem-solvers by coming up with a smart proposal that takes the best ideas from the other side . And if they can message it properly , they 'll be in a sweet spot . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ford C. O'Connell .	The Supreme Court is deliberating on President Obama 's Affordable Care Act Ford C. O'Connell : If the law is struck down , GOP must be ready to present an alternative He says there is no doubt that health care will be a highly volatile issue in this election year O'Connell : Republicans should offer a free-market approach to health care reform
CNN  -- "  Agitators " triggering chaos and violence amid the protests in Ferguson , Missouri , are n't all locals . Of at least 78 people arrested overnight , about one in four came from outside the St. Louis area , according to the St. Louis County jail . Nearly all the arrests were for refusal to disperse . Two people , both locals , were charged with unlawful use of a weapon . And one man , from Rockton , Illinois , was charged with interfering with an officer . Among those arrested are residents of Chicago , Brooklyn , Washington , San Francisco , Austin , Des Moines , and Huntsville , Alabama , according to jail records . Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson -- who is in charge of security in Ferguson -- had a lower number of arrests , telling CNN there were 50 and 60 late Monday and into Tuesday . "  There are some outsiders , but there are  also  a lot of people who live here , " Johnson told CNN on Tuesday . " ... So we ca n't blame  everything  on outside agitators . " Some say the arrests do not necessarily indicate wrongdoing . In recent days , numerous people including journalists have faced arrests after what they described as taking part in a peaceful protest or simply observing it . People from around the country and even other parts of the world have come to Ferguson to express outrage over the police shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown . But all sides agree there are a select number of people -- distinct from the majority of protesters -- who are fomenting violence . "  There is a dangerous dynamic in the night . It allows a small number of agitators to hide in the crowd and then attempt to create chaos , " Johnson said late Monday . "  Protesters are peaceful and respectful , " he said . "  Protesters do n't clash with police . ... It is criminals who throw Molotov cocktails and fire shots that endangers life and property . " Those stirring up trouble are "  fools , " said State Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal . "  They are a disgrace to this entire movement . " "  What we are trying to address is the intimidation and harassment of police officers onto young people , " she told CNN . But by shooting guns , throwing Molotov cocktails , and looting stores , these so-called agitators are making conditions unsafe and spurring a crackdown by authorities . "  It completely changes the narrative , " she said Monday . "  We do n't need these antagonizers out here , " said protester Jerrell Bourrage , who said he grabbed a bottle-hurling demonstrator and told him to stop . "  We need people who can stand out here to the side and still let your word be known . " Michael Brown 's parents spoke out against the violence Tuesday . "  It is a distraction , but we wo n't let it distract us to the point where we lose focus , " Lesley McSpadden told NBC 's "  Today . " "  We have to remain focused and we have to remain strong and the violence needs to stop . When justice has prevailed , it may regain the trust in the locals , but right now it 's really out of control . " Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting and protests Participants in the protests also blame the authorities for violence . Police have fired tear gas and used stun grenades , angering some who believe the tactics are too heavy-handed and a sign of the dangers of police militarization . The situation presents a difficult challenge for police , said Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director who is now a CNN law enforcement analyst . The "  normal , after-midnight clientele of the police -- these hooligans " mix in with the crowd , he said . "  So , that is what the police have to contend with . " The police tried putting away the heavy weaponry at one point last week , Fuentes noted . But then , as late night violence broke out in recent days , "  they had no alternative , and they brought them back out . " Retired Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who famously defused tensions in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina , said there 's one tactic authorities should be sure to use . "  They have to continue to walk with the people as opposed to walk against them , " he said . But quelling these protests will require a political and judicial solution , he said . "  The political and justice in this country need to find a way out of this that convinces people the right things will be done , " he said . Some protesters , meanwhile , are trying a tactic of their own . On Monday night , a group of community leaders formed a human chain and walked hand-in-hand -- hoping not only to provide a buffer between police and peaceful protesters , but also to block the agitators . Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US CNN 's George Howell , Don Lemon , Victor Blackwell and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Highway patrol chief : 50 to 60 arrests , including "  some outsiders " Those arrested include residents of Chicago , New York , and elsewhere "  They 're fools . They are a disgrace , " a state senator says "  We do n't need these antagonizers out here , " a protester says
CNN  -- When a disaster of a mega-proportion hits a city - from a terror attack to a hurricane - there are procedures in place to deal with the aftermath . Suggest that the source of a serious humanitarian crisis could lie in outer space , however , and many will assume you are talking science fiction . But one woman is on a mission to convince the world -- and especially governments and the United Nations -- to take threats such as potential asteroid strikes more seriously . Meet Nelly Ben Hayoun , Designer of Experiences at the SETI  Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence  Institute in California , creator of the International Space Orchestra - an orchestra composed of space scientists - and trainee astronaut . "  This is n't a Bruce Willis film , this is real life " , says the 29-year-old , from Provence , France . Speaking from SETI , Ben Hayoun rattles off statistics about space , dissects doomsday scenarios , contemplates the possibility of aliens and brings names such as Carl Sagan to Jean Baudrillard into the conversation . She has been called the ` Willy Wonka of design and science ' and her latest project , Disaster Playground , is a documentary film , about scientists preparing for disasters from space that could threaten Planet Earth . Ben Hayoun speaks to illustrious space scientists from SETI , NASA 's Near Earth Objects  NEO  project and Disaster and Rescue Assistance  DART  including : extra-terrestrial intelligence specialist Dr. Jill Tarter  the inspiration for Jodie Foster 's character in the film Contact  , and meteor shower expert Dr. Peter Jenniskens . So what do you do in the case of hazardous asteroids or a small NEO  Near Earth Object  ? ANSWER from Disaster Playground : There are different mitigation techniques in place : kinetic impactor , blast defection , combination methods , gravity tractor  a spacecraft to deflect an asteroid using only its gravitational field to transmit impulse  . Alternative methods : moving asteroids with lasers , focusing sun energy , changing thermal properties , electro-static pushing and reflecting white paint . Ben Hayoun investigates such real-life procedures in place to deal with the threat of an asteroid collision and how critical information would flow up the chain of command . "  Who are the people who would make the decision and what would be the basis of their decision-making ? " she asks . There are 20 people before the President is alerted and before ` the red button is pushed ' . There might be something to be gained from revealing problems to the public in order to help secure funding which is a "  big difficulty " she explains . "  Humans are more willing to support a cause if you understand the difficulties involved . " As well as the film , to be released on March 2015 , she 's also relying on an app , exhibitions and "  immersive experiences " such as the one at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London as part of the Digital Design Weekend . She is determined to promote the role of women in the male-dominated space industry . Ben Hayoun recalls how she was once one of two women in a room of 1,500 people at the International Astronautical Congress . "  This is my massive fight , " she says with gusto . "  How are these space agencies making choices on what we need ? It occurred to me that the people making these decisions are men -- space science is a field which is 90 % men , men men ! We need women - let 's face it we would come up with way smarter solutions ! " But in all seriousness , Ben Hayoun warns that efforts to find and fund ways of dealing with the asteroid threat must continue . "  It 's not like I can say ` yes , we have a solution ' , " she said . "  It 's only going to the UN now . They are aware of their responsibility but at the moment they are just putting in place the committees . " "  Nobody knows exactly what the UN response would be and that 's a real problem , " said Ben Hayoun . WATCH : Space chat with astronaut Karen Nyberg READ MORE : Star Trek legend who became NASA 's ` secret weapon ' WATCH : Space archaeologist unlocks secrets of ancient civilizations	Disaster Playground follows scientists planning for space catastrophes ` Failure is not an option ' mantra associated with space exploration Women need to be promoted in space industry Funds to deal with asteroid threat must continue
