Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Two Iranians detained for years in Iraq by U.S. troops have been freed and are headed home , officials at the Iranian Embassy in Baghdad told CNN on Friday . The release comes as the mothers of three imprisoned American hikers visit their incarcerated children in Iran . The mothers have been imploring the Iranian regime to release them . But Iranian officials said the release of the two in Iraq has no connection to the status of the three hikers . Hikers ' moms meet relatives of once-detained Iranians Ahmed Barazandeh was arrested six years ago by U.S. troops in the Iraqi city of Samarra . He had been traveling from Najaf to Samarra on a religious pilgrimage and was detained after he separated from his group . The second man -- identified by officials at Iran 's Baghdad Embassy as Abdullah Maleki and by Iran 's Press TV as Ali Abdulmalek -- was arrested by U.S. troops more than two years ago because he was not carrying a passport when he entered Iraq . The U.S. military in Iraq issued a statement saying that a detainee named Ahmad Barazandeh had been transferred to Iraqi control in June 2009 and another named Ali Abdolmaleki had been transferred in October 2009 . Barazandeh was captured in March of 2004 and Abdolmaliki in November of 2007 , it said . Hassan Kazemi Qomi , Iran 's ambassador to Iraq , is quoted by Press TV as saying the abductees were arrested on "  baseless charges and  for  not carrying passports . " The ambassador said both men were on a pilgrimage to Iraqi holy cities when they were seized . The Iraqi government secured their release from a prison controlled by U.S. forces within the framework of a security agreement signed between Baghdad and Washington in 2008 . The move could be significant because Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad publicly called for a swap when asked in a newspaper interview in May about the possible release of the hikers . Last week , a French woman arrested in Iran on espionage charges was released and an Iranian who had been in a French prison for 19 years was freed . But it is not known whether that was a swap .	Release comes as 3 mothers seek freedom for their adult children in Iran One Iranian had been held 7 years , the other 2 years Both men were on a pilgrimage to Iraqi holy cities when they were seized
New Dehli  CNN  -- The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge has morphed into a considerably warmer and drier alternative in India . Enter the "  Rice Bucket Challenge . " Indian journalist Manju Latha Kalanidhi , who works for the U.S.-based rice research website Oryza.com , says when she first heard about the ice bucket challenge , she got thinking . "  Why waste water ? " she asks . "  I felt like doing something more locally tangible . Rice is a staple here . We eat it every day , we can store it for months . Why not donate rice to someone who is hungry ? " And it rhymes with ice . So Kalanidhi started her own challenge : Donate a bucket of rice to someone in need , post a photo online , and challenge your friends to do the same . The original version , designed to raise funds to fight amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ALS  â $ " also known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease and motor neurone disease  MND  -- is a global viral phenomenon . People take videos of themselves getting doused with a bucket full of ice , share it online , and challenge friends to do the same or donate money to the cause . It is in effect a modern virtual chain letter . Hundreds of celebrities -- from Oprah Winfrey to Roger Federer -- have participated and fueled interest , raising more than $ 70 million in donations for the ALS Association . In India , the ice bucket challenge has generated attention too -- Bollywood stars have mirrored their Hollywood counterparts -- but it now seems it will be eclipsed by what some are describing as an Indian challenge for Indian needs : fighting hunger . #RiceBucketChallenge is on its way to going viral in India -- it 's on TV news , on Twitter , and it now has a Facebook page with thousands of likes . "  People from all over the world are responding , " says Kalanidhi , listing off letters of appreciation from people in Sweden , England , and beyond . The explosion of interest in the rice challenge is an indicator of how powerful social media has become in India . According to eMarketer , the number of internet users in India is expected to be around 200 million in 2016 , a nearly three-fold increase since 2011 . Much of the growth comes from smartphone users : younger Indians who would be more likely to use social media .	#IceBucketChallenge morphs into #RiceBucketChallenge in India Viral campaign has seen donations for ALS exceed $ 70 million Journalist is urging Indians to give rice instead of wasting water Original challenge sees participants douse themselves in icy water
CNN  -- Campers Steven Haugen and Jeanette Bauman headed out with their Labrador retriever , Caesar , for an overnight camping trip in the Willamette National Forest on June 30 , 2005 . Steven Haugen , 54 , and Jeanette Bauman , 56 , were shot to death on a camping trip , along with their Lab , Caesar . The Oregon day was bright and sunny , perfect for hiking and camping . Haugen , 54 , Bauman , 56 , and Caesar were found shot to death at the couple 's campsite the following day . Four years later , the killer continues to elude sheriff 's detectives . The case is similar to the double slaying of a mother and daughter a year later in neighboring Washington state . Both sets of victims were slain in rural settings on public lands , and in both cases the victims ' vehicles were left at the scene , the Lane County Sheriff 's Office said . There is no apparent motive in either case . Haugen was a school counselor and track coach , and Bauman taught business . Neither had any known enemies . Watch an update on the case " According to police , the killer took some camping items and the license plate from their 1997 GMC Jimmy SUV . "  It 's not clear what the reasoning is . Is it a robbery ? We have a profile of the killer or killers with the help of FBI resources . One theory is that it could be a crime of territory , " said Lt. Randy Smith of the Lane County Sheriff 's Office . This week marks the fourth anniversary of the slayings , and police wonder whether the killer could strike again , particularly if the killings were territorial . Police believe that Bauman and Haugen were randomly selected , possibly by someone angry the campers were in "  his woods . " It 's also possible that someone spotted them and saw them as prey . Smith said authorities are seeing more territorial disputes in the woods , although they are still rare . "  Whoever did this to my mom and Steven knew these woods well , " said Gary Bauman , Jeanette Bauman 's son . "  Obviously , there are people in the woods with guns , maybe hunters , but I believe my mom and Steven were just at the wrong place at the wrong time . " He is not certain whether Bauman and Haugen were armed but said his mother does not own a gun . "  It 's possible Steven may have a handgun , as often campers do for protection from bears , " he noted . Police say they are not naming any suspects at this time but are watching a group of individuals who fit the profile developed by investigators and who may have been in the area at the time of the slayings . Police are asking for help from the public . Anyone with more information leading to the arrest or conviction of the person or persons responsible for the deaths of Jeanette Bauman and Steven Haugen is asked to call the Lane County Sheriff 's Office tip line at 541-682-4167 . A $ 5,000 reward is offered .	Bodies of couple , dog found at Oregon camp site in 2005 Jeanette Bauman , 56 , and Steve Haugen , 54 , were shot to death FBI profile suggests that slayings may be related to a suspect 's "  territory " Know more ? Call 541-682-4167 . A $ 5,000 reward is offered
CNN  -- Generations of standup comedians never saw this coming . John Heffron is one of an increasing number of comedians joining Twitter . To succeed in the industry these days , you do n't just need to be good on stage and screen . You also have to nail the art of sending out mini-messages to Twitter "  followers . " But if your humor is based on storytelling , persona and , you know , the way you say stuff , how can you get hilarious in 140 characters or less ? For the pros , it 's a challenge and an opportunity . CNN 's Josh Levs spoke with two successful standup comics who are diving into the Twitterverse . John Heffron is a winner of "  Last Comic Standing . " Craig Shoemaker won the award for funniest comedy routine on XM Satellite Radio . Watch Heffron and Shoemaker mix it up " And we want to hear from you . Send the funniest tweets you 've ever seen to Levs via Twitter  @joshlevscnn  or post them on Facebook . The following is an edited version of the interview . Craig Shoemaker : I 'm on the information super-cul-de-sac . I mean , I 'm not so great at this ; I 'm learning . And I have no friends . I had more friends at my house yesterday for dinner than I have on Twitter . And  Heffron  is the king . CNN : How did you build up your fan base , John ? How did you build up this number of followers on Twitter ? John Heffron : I try to be funny ; I try to be entertaining ; I try to do stuff that hopefully gets re-twitted . Is that the word ? Sure . CNN : All right , let 's take a look at some of your popular tweets here . You have a section called the original last tweets . And you have one here : "  Guy who always gets killed on Star Trek . Last tweet : ` Got my uniform . The rest of the landing party wearing a different color . Weird ! ' " And then my favorite one : "  Married man 's last tweet : ` About to go into the champagne room , wish me luck . ' " Heffron : Those are the things that end up , people start passing around and then that 's what gets people to go , "  Who is this guy ? " CNN : And Craig , is this what you 're chasing ? The same idea , those one-liners that get tossed out ? Shoemaker : Yeah , I 'm a storyteller , so it 's not so great for me . I 'm still working on this under-140 characters thing . CNN : I did pull out one of yours that I liked too . You wrote , "  Up late in my Pittsburgh hotel , just read a USA today article about how Twitter is no good for intimacy . No worries . I 'm alone . " Shoemaker : I do n't know if anybody 's laughing at the jokes . I tweeted that last night . We 'll see how that goes . CNN : Is that part of what 's hard about Twitter ? When you 're doing this , you do n't have that kind of instant feedback . You know , if you 're doing standup somewhere , you 've got the laughter . How do you know ? It 's like doing this in an echo chamber . Shoemaker : It 's the replies . To me , I judge by the replies . Heffron : I 've had zero replies . So apparently , I got to work on my tweeting . The whole thing is , when you write , though , it 's different . It does n't have the nuance or things like that . Like I put something about my ex-wife that I got divorced and "  tonight 's show is a benefit show and all proceeds go to my ex-wife . " And people are writing back , "  Oh , I feel so sorry for you , " and I go , "  No , it 's a joke . " Shoemaker : Yeah . Criss Angel was on my flight , so I tweeted "  Criss Angel is on our flight . We will not have to use fuel . He will use his superpowers to get us home . " And the replies were , I spelled Criss Angel 's name wrong . It 's like , come on , people ! How am I supposed ? You know , that 's not the point ! CNN : The previous generations never had this problem . No one 's never , until really the last few years , no one 's ever dealt with the opportunities and the challenges that you guys have . Is Twitter the new standup ? Shoemaker : You know , as a comedian , it 's funny now it seems like you have to be funny and be this crazy Internet marketer . How can I let somebody know that I 'm coming into whatever city , and Twitter and Facebook and all those things are the best way to do it . Heffron : I hate to see , though , that we 're on stage at the Punchline in Atlanta actually tweeting the crowd from the stage . I 'm doing my act with my thumbs on my BlackBerry . Hold on for a second ; I have a new joke I 'd like to try on you . Turn on your texts . Want to follow John and Craig ? Heffron is @johnheffron ; Shoemaker is @thelovemaster .	A number of comedians joining Twitter , sending out jokes John Heffron : I try to be funny and entertaining Heffron , Craig Shoemaker note that nuances are lost in translation
CNN  -- Explosions and gunfire claimed at least 31 more lives between Tuesday night and early Wednesday in the latest spasms of violence in Iraq . In one incident in al-Tarmiya , about 70 kilometers  43.5 miles  north of Baghdad , two suicide bombers attacked the house of a Sunni leader during a Tuesday night banquet to honor Iraqi security forces , killing 22 people and wounding 15 others , police in Tikrit said . In another incident on Wednesday , attackers targeting security forces staged a coordinated assault on a police checkpoint west of Mosul , Iraq , killing at least nine people and wounding 25 others . According to Mosul police , a suicide bomber detonated a car bomb at a checkpoint manned by police and military forces about in al-Mowali , a predominantly Shiite district 55 kilometers  34 miles  west of Mosul . Gunmen then opened fire on an ambulance carrying security forces wounded in the blast . Among the dead were four security officers and four women , police said . Violence has been on the upswing in Iraq since spring as tensions have grown between the country 's Shiite majority and its Sunni minority . More than 6,000 people have been killed this year , including more than 350 this month .	NEW : Attack north of Baghdad leaves 22 dead during banquet to honor security forces West of Mosul , attackers detonated a car bomb , then opened fire on an ambulance More than 6,000 people have died in attacks in Iraq so far this year
CNN  -- When Charity Agbameva went into labor last year there were complications . Realizing she needed medical attention , she traveled from Nigeria , where she was living , to a hospital in Keta , in the Volta Region of her native Ghana . Despite being one of just two hospitals serving the entire municipality , the hospital had only two doctors , each serving 29,000 people , and one nurse for every 1,500 patients . It had no special facilities for women and children . When Charity reached the hospital , medics realized she needed a blood transfusion , but the hospital had no blood bank , and no ventilator to give her oxygen . Charity died in hospital . Last month , her story was broadcast on GTV and TV3 , Ghana 's leading TV station , to an estimated 8 - 10 million people across the country . It provoked strong reactions in Keta and prompted a major debate on four radio stations lasting several days -- bringing attention to Ghana 's staggering incidence of maternal deaths Ghana has a reputation as a beacon of democracy in Africa . That reputation has been boosted by a rapidly growing economy , and the discovery of oil on our western coastline . So strong are the economic indicators that analysts at the World Bank have conferred upon us that most cherished of things -- Middle Income status . Read more : What Ghana can teach the rest of Africa about democracy But within government and civil society we know that positive headlines do n't tell the full story . One of the biggest challenges -- a real litmus test for Ghana -- is whether we can significantly reduce maternal deaths across the country . In Ghana , 4,000 women die every year and over 200,000 are disabled due to pregnancy related complications . These figures are among the highest in the world . If pregnancy is not a disease or death sentence , why are so many women dying or maimed in the process of giving birth ? So how can a country that basks in so much international acclaim be failing its expectant mothers and their children so badly , and what can we do to improve the situation ? For a start we have to better understand the social and cultural dimensions of maternal healthcare in Ghana and similarly under-developed countries . And we must respond to them . To make a real difference our awareness campaigns must be aimed at changing the mindsets of our people , especially those living in the rural areas . While doing my research I noticed that previous campaigns were predominantly urban centered and driven by "  professional " imperatives . They failed to include the voices of women and the poor , marginalized communities -- those that actually bear the brunt of the maternal tragedy . As a result key concerns have not been addressed . For example , most pregnant women in rural communities rely on traditional birth attendants to deliver their babies . However , following a WHO directive , the Ghana Health Service discouraged this , urging pregnant mothers to give birth in the hospitals instead . But instead of getting skilled care these women have experienced overcrowded hospitals , poor facilities and an acute shortage of qualified staff . Read more : Too many mothers still dying There is also the issue of infrastructure . Bad roads and poor transport links , exacerbated by the lack of ambulances also mean that pregnant women in emergencies can not get to the hospital on time . Many are carried by motor bikes and local taxis over considerable distances and die en route . In 2009 , I directed "  The Lights Have Gone out Again , " a documentary that contributed powerful new testimonies to Ghana 's maternal health debate . I was so moved by what I saw in the remote , isolated villages that I was determined to "  humanize " the maternal death statistics and highlight concerns that are so often excluded from the regular health debate . The documentary was televised and screened across the country , receiving critical applause . It enabled us to start a fresh dialogue on maternal health and triggered our determination to find an inclusive way of mobilizing Ghanaians around the need to reduce maternal deaths and improve maternal healthcare , more generally . We decided to use television for this new campaign because of its widespread popularity as a news and entertainment medium in both urban and rural areas of Ghana . Many families and whole households usually gather round the box for most of the evening . We decided to complement television with a radio series in Ghanaian languages to further extend the educational reach of the project and to maximize its impact . Read more : The American secretary who became a Ghanaian king With funding from the Embassy of the Netherlands , a long standing supporter of the Ghana health sector and advice from the Ghana Health Service , UNICEF , Marie Stopes International , Ghana Coalition of NGO 's in Health and others , the Maternal Health Channel Television and Radio Series was born at an impressive launch in Accra in February 2013 . The first two shows , telling the story of Charity Agbameva , provoked a huge response from viewers . Significantly , we also heard contributions from health leaders at the hospital where she died . When the phone lines were opened , callers broadly agreed that a new partnership was needed between government , the hospitals , and the community , and that it was important to complement behavioral change with new policies . Critically , the hospitals urgently need more skilled personnel and improved facilities . The media response has generally also been impressive with great coverage in the newspapers , on radio and television . These are exciting times for the Maternal Health Channel but it 's still early days as more people join the renewed debate about lifting Ghana 's maternal health burden . So , although we may miss the Millennium Development Goals to reduce the maternal mortality ratio by 75 % by 2015 , I firmly believe that by being more innovative in our campaigning we can start to turn the corner on this and so many other critical healthcare issues in the years ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Kwesi Owusu .	Every year in Ghana 4,000 women die and over 200,000 are disabled during pregnancy Dr. Kwesi Owusu launched a television and radio campaign to highlight the issue Maternal Health Channel radio show broadcasts in a range of Ghanaian languages
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal agents found much of the information produced by the Bush administration 's top-secret warrantless surveillance program vague and difficult to use , a sweeping review of the program found . Former President Bush claims his administration 's surveillance program helped to ward off terrorist attacks . Then-President George Bush and other top administration officials have said the program was a critical tool in preventing terrorist attacks . However , a report Friday by the inspectors general of the CIA , the Justice Department , the Pentagon and other agencies found that some FBI and CIA agents were frustrated by the secrecy surrounding the program . Former CIA chiefs Michael Hayden and Porter Goss told investigators the wiretaps filled a gap in U.S. intelligence . One senior official quoted in the report called the wiretaps , dubbed the "  President 's Surveillance Program " by the report , "  a key resource , " while the FBI considered it "  one tool of many " in their efforts to head off terrorist plots , the report states . "  Even though most PSP leads were determined not to have any connection to terrorism , many of the FBI witnesses believed the mere possibility of the leads producing useful information made investigating the leads worthwhile , " the report states . The program was hugely controversial when Bush acknowledged its existence in 2005 . Critics said the program violated the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , a 1978 law passed to rein in the wiretapping abuses of the Watergate era . Bush 's approval allowed the National Security Agency to intercept communications between people in the United States and overseas who were suspected of having ties to terrorists without getting a court order . He and other officials said the program "  prevented attacks and saved lives , " as Vice President Dick Cheney put it in a May speech critical of their successors in the Obama administration . But Friday 's report found that the intelligence gathered was only a small part of counterterrorism work , and most intelligence officials interviewed for the report had trouble "  citing specific instances where PSP reporting had directly contributed to counterterrorism successes . " In addition , the CIA "  did not implement procedures to assess the usefulness of the product of the PSP , and did not routinely document whether particular PSP reporting had contributed to successful counterterrorism operations , " the report states . At another point , it noted that some FBI agents "  criticized the PSP-derived information they received for providing insufficient details , and the agents who managed counterterrorism programs at the FBI field offices the DOJ IG visited said the FBI 's process for disseminating PSP-derived information failed to adequately prioritize the information for investigation . Meanwhile , CIA officers were unable to make "  full use " of the data because too few people had been briefed on the closely held program . "  According to one CIA manager , the tight control over access to the PSP prevented some officers who could have made effective use of the program reporting from being read in , " the report states . The report also confirmed that the PSP was not limited to the electronic intercepts , referring repeatedly to "  other intelligence activities " that remain classified . The report concluded the program was built on a "  factually flawed " legal analysis inappropriately provided by a single Justice Department official , John Yoo , in 2001 . Yoo did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment , and he was not interviewed for the report . A 2004 review by the Justice Department triggered a dramatic confrontation in 2004 between White House and Justice officials who concluded the program would not pass legal muster . Former Deputy Attorney General James Comey , who took part in that face-off , told investigators that the program 's original authorization "  involved ignoring an act of Congress , and doing so without full congressional notification . " That line drew the ire of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who issued a statement Friday declaring that "  no president should be able to operate outside the law . " "  The House Judiciary and Intelligence Committees will closely examine the findings and recommendations of the classified and unclassified reports , and will conduct appropriate oversight of electronic surveillance activities , " the California Democrat said . Sen. Russ Feingold , a Wisconsin Democrat who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said the report "  highlights just how outrageous and damaging the illegal warrantless wiretapping program really was . " "  This report leaves no doubt that the warrantless wiretapping program was blatantly illegal and an unconstitutional assertion of executive power , " Feingold said . "  I once again call on the Obama administration and its Justice Department to withdraw the flawed legal memoranda that justified the program and that remain in effect today . "	Audit : Info from Bush 's surveillance program found to be vague Program allowed for top-secret , warrantless wiretaps Bush , other former administration officials have touted program 's success Review concluded program was built on "  factually flawed " legal analysis
CNN  -- Three Al Jazeera English journalists were convicted in Egypt on Monday of aiding the Muslim Brotherhood in a ruling that immediately outraged journalists and activists around the world . Peter Greste , Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed had been imprisoned in Cairo since December on charges that included conspiring with the Brotherhood , spreading false news and endangering national security . The three men have steadfastly denied the charges , as has Al Jazeera , and the prosecution put forth no evidence to support the allegations . Prosecutors were criticized for presenting evidence that was purportedly made up or irrelevant to the case , like videos of Greste 's old news reports from other countries . A judge sentenced Greste , a native of Australia and a former BBC correspondent , and Fahmy , a journalist formerly employed by CNN , to seven years behind bars . Mohamed was sentenced to a decade -- seven years for one charge and three years for a second . Fahmy has dual nationality , with Egyptian-Canadian citizenship . On Monday , Canadian Minister of State Lynne Yelich said in a statement that Canada is "  very disappointed with the verdict . " After the verdict , Fahmy 's mother , Wafaa Basiouny , wept inside the courtroom . "  Why seven years ? " she said . "  What did he do ? Who did he kill ? " Three other international journalists -- Sue Turton and Dominic Kane of Al Jazeera and Rena Netjes , a correspondent for Dutch newspaper Parool -- were sentenced in absentia to 10 years , reports said , adding that the journalists are expected to appeal , according to the nonprofit Committee to Protect Journalists , which advocates for media freedom worldwide . Watch an earlier interview with Turton on CNN Sherif Mansour , CPJ 's Middle East and North Africa program coordinator , called the convictions "  shocking " and "  an extremely disturbing sign for the future of the Egyptian press . " Amid that international condemnation , the Egyptian foreign ministry defended itself on Monday , saying it "  strongly rejects any comment from a foreign party that casts doubt on the independence of the Egyptian judiciary and the justice of its verdicts . " ` Silencing the truth ' CNN has firmly supported the journalists throughout the trial . Because Al Jazeera has no staff operating in Egypt , CNN and other international broadcasters have been contributing reporting to its television coverage . "  All at CNN are dismayed at today 's unjust sentencing of the Al Jazeera journalists in Egypt , " the network said in a statement . "  Freedom of the media must be protected , and journalists must be free to carry out their legitimate work without fear of imprisonment . We stand alongside the journalistic community in calling for the immediate release of these journalists . " Throughout the trial , a who 's who of internationally known journalists , including CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , repeatedly called for the release of Greste , Fahmy and Mohamed . Amanpour held up a sign on her CNN International show that said " #freeAJStaff " and joined a campaign meant to call attention to their plight . See Amanpour , on her CNN show , confront powerful Egyptian about journalists ' jailing Amanpour spoke on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " in February about the chilling effect of imprisoning journalists . "  If you try to be objective in your coverage , you are deemed a terrorist , " she said . "  I mean , it is terrible what 's happening there . It is silencing the truth . " In an interview on Al Jazeera shortly after the verdicts were read , Amnesty International Director Steve Crawshaw deplored what he called an "  outrageous ruling " and called the convictions an "  absolute affront to justice . " In a televised interview , Mostefa Souag , the acting director general of Al Jazeera , called the verdict "  shocking . " "  I do n't think it has anything to do with justice , " he said , calling it another step in Egypt 's "  campaign of terrorizing people and terrorizing the media . " Al Jazeera English Managing Director Al Anstey said in a statement that the sentencing "  defies logic , sense , and any semblance of justice . " "  There is only one sensible outcome now , " Anstey added . "  For the verdict to be overturned , and justice to be recognized by Egypt . We must keep our voice loud to call for an end to their detention . " CNN correspondent Ian Lee , stationed outside the court in Cairo , said that through an appeals process , "  there 's a high likelihood that a judge could either reduce the sentence or acquit them later on . " Pawns in a geopolitical dispute ? The Egyptian Embassy in London released a statement Monday , saying that the sentences were the result of "  a judicial process during which the court has examined this case over several sessions in the last six months " and that the defense and prosecution were given "  full opportunity " to present their cases . The embassy said it does n't comment on the content of court rulings , but it added that "  freedom of expression and thought are basic and unalienable rights " that are protected in Egypt 's new constitution . Read more about Egypt 's new constitution The prosecution , which has argued that channels like Al Jazeera brought down Iraq and were planning to do the same in Egypt , has been widely condemned by international correspondents , media organizations and foreign governments . "  We 're obviously shocked , dismayed , really bewildered by the decision of the court in Egypt , " said Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott . "  We understand the need of the Egyptian government to maintain internal order and to crackdown on extremism including the Muslim Brotherhood , but it is important that there be due process , it is important that decisions be made on a fair and just basis , " he added . Amnesty International has said that Greste , Fahmy and Mohamed are pawns in a geopolitical dispute between Egypt and Qatar , the tiny Middle Eastern country that finances Al Jazeera . Qatar has long been perceived as a supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood , a religious and political group banned in Egypt and labeled a terrorist organization after President Mohamed Morsy 's ouster last year . That declaration came just days before the Al Jazeera journalists were arrested at the Cairo hotel where they were working . Egyptian state-run media said they were charged with "  broadcasting false information " to harm the country 's national security and being members of an illegal organization , the Muslim Brotherhood . A number of other defendants , with no affiliation to Al Jazeera , were also convicted Monday of similar charges . Canadian Minister of State Yelich said in the statement that Canada is "  concerned that the judicial process that led to his  Fahmy 's  verdict is inconsistent with Egypt 's democratic aspirations . A fair and transparent legal system is a critical pillar of a future stable and democratic Egypt . " Canada wants the Egyptian government to "  protect the rights of all individuals , including journalists , " the statement said . ` Just doing their job ' The three Al Jazeera employees are "  first-class journalists , " Anstey said in a statement after the journalists had been detained for three months . "  They were just doing their job covering and challenging all sides of the story in Egypt . " In an interview for CNN 's "  Reliable Sources , " Greste 's parents , Juris and Lois , said they could not understand why Peter was still behind bars . "  Peter had no reason , no motive for doing anything like the allegations against him , " Lois Greste said . "  He would have reported the same story , be it for CNN , BBC , Reuters or anybody else . " Juris Greste said it was not unreasonable to characterize his son as a "  political prisoner . " "  It looks like a kidnapping by the state , as it were , " he said , even as he emphasized that he and his wife "  bear no ill will against Egypt or its people . " After the verdict against their son , Greste 's parents spoke to reporters in Australia . "  We are not usually a family of superlatives , but I have to say this morning my vocabulary fails to convey just how shattered we are , " said Juris Greste said . "  You can never prepare yourself for something as painful as this . " He held up a picture of his son and said : "  This man ... is an award-winning journalist . He 's not a criminal . " On Sunday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he spoke "  specifically about Al Jazeera journalists " during a meeting with the new Egyptian President , Abdel Fattah el-Sisi . While Kerry did not elaborate on the outcome , he said generally that they "  discussed the essential role of a vibrant civil society , a free press , and rule of law , and due process in a democracy . " On Monday , Kerry said the "  chilling , draconian sentences " were "  a deeply disturbing setback to Egypt 's transition . " He said el-Sisi should "  consider all available remedies , including pardons , " for the journalists and "  all of the political sentences and verdicts pronounced during the last few years . " Reading a statement at a media briefing Monday , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the Obama administration "  strongly condemns " the journalists ' sentencing . The verdict , Earnest said , "  flouts the most basic standards of media freedom , " and he added that the White House is calling on the Egyptian government to pardon the journalists . Journalists in jail There are 167 journalists imprisoned around the world , including the three Al Jazeera journalists sentenced Monday , according to Reporters Without Borders . China has the largest number of journalists behind bars , with 32 , followed by Eritrea  28  and Syria  16  , the media freedom organization says . Twenty-eight journalists have been killed doing their jobs this year , the group says . Reporters without Borders ranks Egypt 159 out of 180 countries for media freedom . According to the Committee to Project Journalists , at least 14 journalists are imprisoned in Egypt and more than 65 journalists have been detained since Morsy was ousted in July . Most , the group said , have been freed . CNN 's Ian Lee and Sarah El Sirgany contributed to this report from Cairo , Richard Allen Greene contributed from London , and Kevin Liptak contributed from Washington .	"  We 're obviously shocked , dismayed , really bewildered , " says Australian PM CNN says sentencing is "  unjust " and calls for immediate release of journalists Peter Greste , Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed were detained last December They are accused of spreading false news and conspiring with the Muslim Brotherhood
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- An elderly man 's brain languishes . His body languishes , too , in prison . No one seems to know he 's there . Before a sudden turn of events this month , this was the story of Juan Navarro , who spent nearly 37 years inside the tough San Pedro prison in the Lima neighborhood of San Juan de Lurigancho . To be precise , before being released this week , Navarro spent 36 years and eight months in prison . The exactness of this number is important because it is one of the few facts that he has certainty about . He does n't know how old he is . He does n't remember if he ever appeared before a judge . He ca n't recall if he was convicted . Dementia and suspected schizophrenia have faded his memory . The real shock is n't that Navarro , who has given his age as between 76 and 78 , ca n't remember basic facts about his imprisonment . It 's that prison and judicial officials do n't know , either . No one in the Peruvian justice system can say whether Navarro was ever convicted . Or sentenced . They know that he entered the prison system in 1976 , as a murder suspect in the province of Arequipa . He was accused of killing his mother . At some point he was transferred to the prison in Lima , but his file remained stored in the province where he was arrested . His records were destroyed in a prison riot fire there . Prisons in Peru -- and Latin America , in general -- are known for being overcrowded places where it is not uncommon for inmates to spend weeks , months or even years awaiting a simple hearing . Inmates -- whatever their guilt or innocence -- are at a disadvantage in such an overburdened system . To get a day in court requires an advocate , if you can afford one , or patience and luck . The problem is especially severe at the San Pedro prison . Of the approximately 8,600 inmates , only 1,291 have been sentenced , prison director Col. Tomas Garay said . "  It 's a problem that we , with our scarce resources , are learning how to manage , " he said . Navarro never had anyone who cared enough to visit him in prison , and any luck went up in smoke when his records burned . A couple of points of Peruvian law : If you are imprisoned for 36 months without a sentence , you are to be freed . But it 's not automatic ; someone has to file the paperwork for you . Second , according to laws at the time of his alleged crime , the maximum sentence a judge could give was 35 years . In other words , even if Navarro had been convicted to the maximum sentence , he should have been released nearly two years ago . It was n't until a radio station found and aired a story about his situation this month that anyone stepped forward to help . A lawyer , Roberto Miranda , announced on television that he would file a writ of habeas corpus on Navarro 's behalf , to be followed by a lawsuit . "  The government should recognize and compensate for this very grave judicial error that forced him to remain unjustly incarcerated for a period longer than he should have served , " he told RPP Noticias . But the government beat the lawyer to the punch , and the country 's minister of women and vulnerable populations personally intervened and secured the aging Navarro 's release . It was a simple procedure that anyone could have arranged . "  The thing is that this man does n't have family who could help with the paperwork , so his case remained up in the air , " said Cristian Galvan , a psychologist who works at the place where Navarro will live . Navarro 's new home is in a residence that provides shelter for the elderly who have been abandoned . He does n't have good memories from the notorious prison . "  They ruined my teeth from so many hits and they chased me with a knife . ... They wanted to slit my throat , " he said . The first thing he did upon being released was to ask to see the ocean . "  Progressively we will begin taking him to different places so he can begin to gain a familiarity because , you understand , these have been 37 years that he has been in a prison where he only saw other inmates , " said Julio Rojas , a medic at the home . "  For him this is like a rebirth . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo reported and wrote the story from Atlanta . Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde reported from Lima .	Juan Navarro was in a Peruvian prison for nearly 37 years But neither he nor officials know whether he was ever sentenced He languished in prison longer than the maximum sentence The government ensured his release this week
CNN  -- American technology pioneer John McAfee said he faked a heart attack while detained in Guatemala to buy time for his attorney to file a series of appeals that ultimately prevented his deportation to Belize , hastening the government 's decision to send him back to the United States . After weeks on the run and days in immigration detention , McAfee arrived in Miami on Wednesday . He said Belize authorities in April 2011 accused him of running a methamphetamine lab , before the November 11 killing of his neighbor , American businessman Gregory Faull , and have since persecuted him . "  I have absolutely nothing to do with the murder in Belize , " he said Thursday . "  This is not about a murder in Belize . This began on the 30th of April of last year when 42 armed soldiers stormed my property . " Mystery follows McAfee to Miami After weeks in hiding , the 67-year-old antivirus software company founder emerged in Guatemala 's capital last week to ask for asylum . Guatemalan authorities took him into custody on accusations of entering the country illegally , and his asylum bid was rejected . McAfee then waged a public battle , requesting asylum and arguing that police in Belize were after him following his apparent decision to shed light on corruption in the country . He also said the breach resulted in Belize soldiers shooting his dog . CNN can not independently verify his account . "  He opted to return to his country of origin , " said attorney Telesforo Guerra , who has represented McAfee since he arrived in Guatemala last week . On Sunday , McAfee told reporters that he hoped to go back to the United States . "  Our intent is to return to America , if at all possible , and settle down to whatever normal life we can settle down to under the circumstances , " he said . "  There is no hope for my life if I am ever returned to Belize . " Authorities in Belize , where McAfee had lived since 2008 , say they want to talk to him about Faull 's death . McAfee 's home on Ambergris Caye , an island off Belize 's mainland , was raided after Faull 's death . National police spokesman Raphael Martinez said authorities went into the house amid suspicions there were illicit weapons and drugs inside , but neither were found .	NEW : Belize authorities want to talk to McAfee , a spokesman says He 's been on the run since his Belize neighbor was found dead November 11 McAfee has said Belize authorities are corrupt and have been trying to get him After being on the run and in immigration detention , he arrived in Miami on Wednesday
TALLAHASSEE , Florida  CNN  -- Softball , drunken orgies and a prison system run like the mafia . That 's what Florida 's former prison secretary says he inherited when he took over one of the nation 's largest prison systems two years ago . This house , on prison grounds in Florida , is described as a party house where prison officials held orgies . In fact , on his first day on the job , James McDonough says he walked into his office -- the same one his predecessor used -- and there was crime scene tape preventing anyone from entering . "  That was an indication we had a problem in the department , " McDonough told CNN in an exclusive interview before he stepped down last Thursday . McDonough revealed a startling list of alleged abuses and crimes going on inside Florida 's prisons : • Top prison officials admitting to kickbacks ; • Guards importing and selling steroids in an effort to give them an edge on the softball field ; • Taxpayer funds to pay for booze and women ; • Guards who punished other guards who threatened to report them . "  Corruption had gone to an extreme , " McDonough said , saying it all began at the top . "  They seemed to be drunk half the time and had orgies the other half , when they were n't taking money and beating each other up . " Watch a corrupted prison system " He added , "  Women were treated like chattel in this department . " McDonough described a bizarre prison culture among those that ran the system -- one that he says seemed obsessed with inter-department softball games and the orgies after games . "  I can not explain how big an obsession softball had become , " he said . "  People were promoted on the spot after a softball game at the drunken party to high positions in the department because they were able to hit a softball out of the park a couple times . " "  The connection between the softball and the parties and the corruption and the beatings was greatly intertwined . " The parties and orgies were often carried out at a waterfront ranch house built on prison grounds for a former warden with taxpayer dollars , McDonough said . The house was complete with a bar , pool table and hot tub . See photos of the "  party house " " McDonough is a former Army colonel who commanded troops in Vietnam and Africa . He served as Florida 's drug czar before taking on the job as the head of Florida 's prison system , which oversees 90,000 inmates . He left his post last Thursday as secretary of Florida 's Department of Corrections because , he says , he feels he has cleaned up the corruption . It 's time , he said , "  to turn this over to law and order people that have made this their life 's goal . " A Brooklyn , New York , native , McDonough says he witnessed the way the mafia worked in his youth and it provided him a keen insight into how his prison predecessor , James Crosby , operated . "  It reminded me of the petty mafia I saw on the streets of Brooklyn when I was growing up in the late 1950s , early 1960s -- petty , small-minded , thugish , violent , dangerous , outside the law , and completely intolerable for a society such as ours in the United States of America , " he said . Crosby would later plead guilty to bribery charges in relation to kickbacks from a prison vendor . He 's now locked up in a federal prison . He refused CNN 's request for an interview for this report . "  He 's serving time in a federal prison . I hope he reforms and gets out and prospers , " McDonough said . He added , "  When you have a rotten guy at the top , or gal at the top , it can be very invasive , and it 's a cancer that needs to be excised . " And getting rid of this "  cancer " is exactly what McDonough says he did . McDonough fired 90 top prison officials -- wardens , supervisors , colonels and majors -- claiming they were corrupt or , at the very least , not to be trusted . He demoted 280 others . Criminal charges were filed against more than 40 others , and most were convicted . In addition to the orgies and other misconduct outside the cell blocks , there were other allegations of prisoners being harmed , McDonough said . "  In some of the pockets of corruption that we found , they -LSB- prisoners -RSB- were being abused , " he said . Among those arrested were seven officers accused of beating inmates , including five accused of forcing a prisoner to drink toilet water . All have pleaded not guilty . Tina Hayes , the director of the prison 's department initiatives who has worked in the prison system for 28 years , said the atmosphere before McDonough arrived was "  a little tense " with workers "  always on edge . " She said employees who did n't attend softball games or play on the teams were "  isolated " and "  pushed aside . " "  I used to tell staff day in and day out : Keep your head high ; do what 's right ; you know what morally is right ; you 've got some ethics ; do n't bow down to it , " Hayes told CNN . McDonough , she said , brought "  standards back into the department . " "  People can speak out now without being afraid to say what they need to say . " McDonough says the majority of the prison system 's 28,000 employees were honest , hard-working people who were n't corrupt at all . But he says many of the top prison officials were n't and he believes he has weeded out "  an organized vein of corruption . " "  They were like frat boys out of control . " E-mail to a friend	Former head of Florida 's prisons says orgies were common before he arrived James McDonough also says the system was run like the mafia "  They were like frat boys out of control , " McDonough tells CNN His predecessor is currently in prison after pleading guilty to bribery charges
Denver , Colorado  CNN  -- When the sun dips below the Rocky Mountains and the streets of Denver go dark , Lokki , his girlfriend Magic and their friend Tripp head home . They climb in between the rafters of a highway overpass , crouching as they sit under the concrete structure that rumbles with every car that crosses overhead . It is where they will sleep tonight . It is where they say they can live safely after escaping from abusive homes . "  It 's pretty hard , " says Magic , 18 , when asked about living on the streets . "  But most of the time it 's just life , you know . Life 's not going to be easy . " She refuses to talk about what caused her to leave home . Her boyfriend Lokki has a different outlook : He says he enjoys the fun and freedom of life on the streets . "  I do n't really have to worry about anything , " says Lokki , 20 . "  I get some food and kick back with the homies . " Out of the three friends , Tripp seems to be the most concerned about the future . He says he began living on the streets two years ago , after escaping a violent relationship with his stepfather . "  If I defended myself against him , I always got looked at badly , " he said . "  So when I turned 18 , I left . " He stops talking as he watches a homeless man walk by . "  I 'd hate to think that 's the way I 'm going , " says Tripp . "  That I 'm going to end up being 40 years old and on the streets . " Getting off the streets is a daunting challenge for these young adults and others like them , who have no address , no job , very little education , and many times drug addictions and mental health issues . "  We see a lot of kids really since age of 7 or 8 -LSB- who -RSB- have n't had any real roots to call their own , " according to Tom Manning , spokesman for Covenant House , which helps those who are young and homeless . "  Those are the 18-year-olds who -LSB- have -RSB- very limited education and really need to start from square one . " Manning , who has worked with homeless youths for 20 years , said a key goal is reaching these young adults before they "  disappear into the streets . " "  It sounds like a movie , but it 's true : Pimps and traffickers , they spot these kids and go after them , " Manning said . "  If we do n't get to them , many will end up on drugs or in prison . " The youths can be helped , he said , if they can learn to establish healthy relationships with others . "  It 's a trust issue : Most of these kids have been abused and taken advantage of by every adult they 've met , " Manning said . Trust is at the heart of the family that Lokki has created for a small group of his friends living on the streets of Denver . They call themselves "  Juggalos " -- the name for fans of the rap group Insane Clown Posse . But now , the name has a more important meaning . "  Juggalos started as a family for people who feel like they do n't have family , " Lokki explained . "  Other people see it as a gang , but we just look out for each other any way we can . " They mostly hang out , swimming in the Platte River or -- if they manage to panhandle a few dollars -- buying beer or marijuana . Most days , they eat lunch at Sox Place , which was set up in 2002 by Doyle "  Sox " Robinson . He got his street name after spending a year handing out clean socks to street kids . Every day , about 100 young people come by to eat lunch , use the computers , watch movies and also pick up a fresh pair of socks . "  They are just like any other kids out there , they have the same struggles , the same issues , " Doyle said . "  They still want love , they want acceptance , they want protections , they want rules , they want to be held accountable . " Robinson said his goal is simply to provide a stable place where they can be loved for who they are . "  I do n't try to change them , " he said . "  If they want to change , we 're here for them . If they do n't want to change , we 're still going to love them . " Robinson , 55 , says his Christian faith motivates him to help these kids , although he does n't try to push religion on anyone at Sox Place . He says he lies awake at night after hearing their stories of abuse and neglect . "  It shakes my faith in people , " he said . "  How can we allow this to happen in our own country ? " Read more about Robinson 's perspective on faith The Obama administration recently unveiled a plan to end homelessness in the United States over the next decade . The U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness will "  harness public and private resources to build on the innovations that have been demonstrated at the local level nationwide , " according to council chairman Shaun Donavan . Robinson is skeptical about whether the government can adequately address the root causes of homelessness . "  We need less government and more grass roots , " he said . "  We need taxes not to go to renovating parks , but renovating lives . " All the government can really do is put a roof over someone 's head , he said . And that does n't necessarily constitute a "  home . " "  They do n't have a home , the sense of family , " Robinson said . "  All we 're doing is pushing them to the sides , we 're not dealing with the real issues . " Belle wandered into Sox Place one afternoon in June , a pretty young woman with an air of confidence that contrasts with the cuts across her cheek and the brace on her knee , injuries she said were inflicted by her pimp . "  People think it 's a choice to be on the streets , but it 's never a choice , " said Belle , 18 . She said she has been sexually abused since she was 6 years old and was in and out of foster care until recently . Now , she is living in a camp with other homeless kids , hiding from her pimp . "  Yeah , it 's not a house , but a house is n't everything , " she said . "  Family . Love . Friends . This is my family . All I ever wanted was a family . " She wants to go to college to study psychology and help other street kids , but she knows the odds are against her . "  I do n't have the building blocks to get up in life , to be able to do what I need to do , because I never learned it , " she said . "  I have to learn that on my own . " The odds were against Liz Martinez , who left home at age 12 and eventually became a member of the Juggalos . "  They were better than my own biological family , " said Martinez , who is now 21 . "  They did n't put their hands on me , they fed me , they kept me safe , they cared about how I felt . " After nearly a decade on the streets , she has just gotten her first apartment with her boyfriend and is looking forward to a more stable future for her 5-month-old daughter . "  I have almost $ 1,000 saved up from selling plasma and doing day labor , and hopefully in the next month and a half to three months , I 'll have my GED , " she said . Martinez has drawn strength from living on the streets , and she thinks others can do the same : "  If you can survive off of living on the street and sleeping on cold concrete or behind a Dumpster when it 's snowing , you know you have the strength to do just about anything . "	Hundreds of homeless teens and young adults live in Denver , Colorado Many fled abusive families or foster parents Doyle "  Sox " Robinson has opened a drop-in center for homeless youths "  They are just like any other kids out there , " Robinson says
Rome  CNN  -- With only two full days left of Pope Benedict XVI 's papacy , more details emerged Tuesday of what the future holds both for the retiring pontiff and the cardinals who will choose his successor . The pontiff will keep the name Benedict XVI and still be addressed as "  his holiness " once he retires , Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi told reporters at the Vatican . Interactive : Where does the pope live ? He will also be known as pope emeritus , emeritus pope or Roman pontifex emeritus . The guidance clears up questions about how Benedict -- the first pope to resign in almost 600 years -- should be addressed as he moves into a life of seclusion and prayer after his Thursday resignation . Benedict will hold his final general audience Wednesday , for which 50,000 tickets have been given out , Lombardi said , though many more people than that could show up . The pope in retirement : What to expect Benedict will arrive in his Popemobile , which will drive around St. Peter 's Square among the faithful before the pope gives the address . He wo n't give the usual brief personal greetings to people afterward but will meet delegations of heads of state in Vatican City later . Benedict will meet with the cardinals who are already in Rome on Thursday morning . The 85-year-old will then be flown by helicopter to Castel Gandolfo , the pope 's summer residence near Rome , in the afternoon . The church bell will toll and he will make his very last public appearance , greeting crowds from a balcony there . At the moment that Benedict 's papacy ends , at 8 p.m. local time , the Swiss Guards -- the soldiers who for more than five centuries have protected the pope and his residence -- will leave the gates of Castel Gandolfo . He will from that point have Vatican police protection instead . Benedict will stay there until work to restore a monastery within the Vatican grounds is completed later in the spring . Scandal threatens to overshadow pope 's final days Cardinals gather Meanwhile , the cardinals who must elect the new pope are already gathering in Rome , Lombardi said . The dean cardinal will on March 1 summon the cardinals to a general congregation , Lombardi said . That could come as soon as March 4 , although the date is not yet fixed . The cardinals will then decide exactly when to hold the conclave , during which they vote for the new pontiff . Special prayers will be said during the "  sede vacante , " or empty seat , period , seeking guidance for the election of the new pope . The cardinals will lead the prayers . After his resignation , Benedict -- who cited the frailty of age as the reason he resigned -- will no longer use the Fisherman 's Ring , the symbol of the pope , Lombardi said . The ring will be destroyed , along with Benedict 's papal seal , after his departure from office . He will wear a simple white cassock , without the customary red mantle of the pontiff . He will also no longer wear red shoes , probably adopting instead the brown shoes that he received as a gift in Leon , Mexico , during a trip last year . Pope leads final public prayer Swirling rumors Benedict shocked the Roman Catholic world when he announced his resignation two weeks ago . His final week in office has been clouded by scandal , with allegations swirling in the Italian media that gay clergy may have made themselves vulnerable to blackmail by male prostitutes . The Vatican vehemently denied the allegations Saturday . Vatican Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone said it was "  deplorable " that as the time for the Roman Catholic cardinals to elect a new pope approaches , a rash of "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories " has appeared . Benedict also moved up the resignation Monday of a Scottish archbishop linked over the weekend by a British newspaper to inappropriate relationships with priests . Cardinal Keith O'Brien , the archbishop of Scotland , told the pope in November that he would resign effective on his 75th birthday , on March 17 . Opinion : Benedict a pope aware of his flaws But Benedict decided to make the resignation effective immediately in light of the pope 's imminent resignation , the Scottish Catholic Media Office said . The announcement came a day after a report by the British Sunday newspaper The Observer that three priests and one former priest leveled allegations against O'Brien that date back 30 years . Speaking in London on Tuesday , one of Britain 's most senior Roman Catholics , the former Archbishop of Westminster , Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O'Connor , described the circumstances of O'Brien 's resignation as "  very sad . " Murphy-O'Connor said that it was O'Brien 's decision to step down and that he had not been forced or asked to do so . He described O'Brien as a "  very honest man . " An apostolic administrator , most likely a senior bishop , will examine the allegations against O'Brien , Murphy-O'Connor said . He also said he was in no doubt that there needs to be reform within the Roman Catholic Church and that the issues being raised now need to be addressed "  at the highest level . " CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Benedict XVI will keep his name and still be addressed as "  his holiness " after he resigns He will give up the red mantle and shoes of the pope and dress in a simple white robe As he leaves office at 8 p.m. Thursday , the Swiss Guards will leave Castel Gandolfo Cardinals are already gathering in Rome ahead of their meeting to choose the pope 's successor
CNN  -- United Express Flight 5573 from San Francisco to San Antonio was diverted to Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport Thursday afternoon when a crew member discovered an undisclosed security threat , according to Phoenix police . The nature of the apparent threat was not known , and after an investigation and a security check were completed , nothing suspicious was found , Phoenix police Sgt. Steve Martos told CNN affiliate KPHO . The plane had been diverted Thursday afternoon , and Sky Harbor officials said passengers were removed from the airplane and rescreened . The airport was not evacuated . The small commuter plane carried 47 passengers .	NEW : Police did not find anything suspicious during their security check at Phoenix airport 47 passengers were removed from United Express Flight 5573
Madrid  CNN  -- Teresa Romero Ramos , a Spanish nurse 's aide who had contracted Ebola after caring for a patient with the deadly disease , is now free of the virus , Spain 's Special Ebola Committee said Sunday . "  Today I 'm very happy , because it can be said that Teresa has overcome this illness , " Romero 's husband , Javier Limon , said in a video statement released by a family spokeswoman . Two earlier tests showed that Ebola levels in the health worker were almost nil , and a third test came back negative . "  The last two measurements were in ` background ' levels , and there is no significant statistical difference with negative results , " Luis Enjuanes , an expert on viruses , said in a phone interview , in English , with CNN . "  If for three times , throughout one week , you are background , background , background , in practical terms it means you do n't have the virus . " Officials have previously said that the amount of the Ebola virus in Romero 's blood had decreased dramatically from the time she was rushed to the hospital two weeks ago , but Enjuanes explained just how close to negative she has already come , even before the latest test sample on Sunday . Why some survive Ebola , some do n't Romero has recovered enough to produce antibodies , he said . "  It means she 's making her own protection , so any virus fooling around probably will be destroyed or neutralized , " said Enjuanes , who 's been attending the near-daily meetings of the government 's special committee on Ebola , a panel of medical and scientific experts convened to deal with the crisis . Even though Romero received the negative result for the Ebola virus on this third key test in a week , she will surely remain in hospital for days , possibly a few weeks , in order to recover , Enjuanes said . She has received two main treatments in her battle against Ebola , for which there is still no vaccine . The first was an IV drip with the antibodies of an Ebola survivor -- a Catholic nun who survived the disease in West Africa . And Romero also received an experimental anti-viral drug , favipiravir , Enjuanes said . Spain imported another experimental drug , ZMab , but could only get an older version -- not the newest version , whose stocks have run low globally -- and Romero 's doctors decided not to use it on her , Enjuanes said . To fight her lung problems while also battling Ebola , the doctors administered anti-inflammatory drugs to ease her respiratory problems , even while unsure how that treatment might affect the anti-Ebola measures , Enjuanes said . Madrid euthanizes Ebola patient 's dog Other patients test negative Two other patients being monitored at Carlos III hospital also tested negative for the virus on Sunday , according to the Special Ebola Committee . The National Microbiology Institute received tests of Romero and the two other individuals under observation at Carlos III hospital , said the institute 's director , Manuel Cuenca . The tests from a man under observation in Tenerife will be received on Monday , Cuenca told CNN . As of Sunday morning , Romero was the only confirmed Ebola patient , according to a statement from the committee . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Nic Robertson and Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report	Teresa Romero Ramos , a Spanish nurse 's aide , is considered free of Ebola virus Two previous tests showed only a "  background " level of Ebola She will still remain hospitalized for days or weeks
CNN  -- Yudi Rinaldi had his four-year-old son , Ryan , join him in a scene that simulated the real destruction he had narrowly escaped in Aceh , Indonesia . In 2004 , a monstrous black wave of rubble surged towards Rinaldi as he ran for his life . In October , the trauma of that day was relived as he took part in a drill to test the area 's new tsunami early warning system . Five years ago , Rinaldi had no shelter to run to as giant waves crashed onto Indonesia 's west coast , but things have changed since the tsunami left some 245,000 dead or missing in 14 countries across the Indian Ocean region . Early warning sirens drone , and there are shelters that can hold hundreds of people . Twenty nations took part in the October tsunami drill . The Indian Ocean region now has new deep-water buoys -- or tsunami sensors , sirens , tide gauges and a web of communications systems to help forewarn a future catastrophe . But experts said the new instruments and drills are not enough . Educating communities about how to react to signs of a threat like a tsunami -- with or without an official warning -- is what they see as a key challenge . "  Technology will improve ... the question is how we go to the last mile , " said Costas Synolakis , a professor of civil engineering at the University of South California . Did you survive the tsunami ? Did you lose a loved one ? Share your thoughts on the 5th anniversary on CNN iReport Situated in a high-risk zone , Indonesia now has developed the capability to warn of the potential for a tsunami from an undersea earthquake within five minutes of its occurrence . By next year , the country aims to take its warning system to the next level by calculating the height and the arrival of a tsunami , said the director of Indonesia 's earthquake and tsunami center , Fauzi , who like many Indonesians uses only one name . In 2007 , India put into place an early warning system that officials say is equipped with state-of-the-art facilities and connected with international networks . More than 34,000 people in India died or went missing in the 2004 disaster , according to the United Nations Development Programme  UNDP  . Krishna Vatsa , the UNDP 's disaster-reduction adviser in South Asia , said the warning system would help reduce the number of deaths from a similar situation in the future . Yet , the country needs to upgrade networks to reach all communities , she said . "  We still have a long way to go , " Vatsa said . "  It 's all about how you reach the remotest villages along the coast . " The rarity of tsunamis , which she described as a once-in-a-50-year event , makes the task of spreading awareness about them more difficult . "  You may have a very sophisticated system but the real test is how that ultimately leads to timely evacuation and actionable information , " Vatsa said . Nonetheless , she praised India 's evacuation exercises during last year 's massive flooding in its Bihar state . Sanny Jegillos , program coordinator for the UNDP 's regional center in Bangkok , rates the Indian Ocean early tsunami warning systems as superior to those of the Pacific in terms of earthquake monitoring and detection . Myanmar , Bangladesh and some east African nations , however , have lagged behind India , Indonesia , Sri Lanka and the Maldives in their investments in public education , Jegillos said . But in terms of the number of tidal buoys , the Pacific system was far ahead , he said . Stanley Goosby , a chief scientist with the Pacific Disaster Center in Hawaii , said Indian Ocean countries have made significant progress in tsunami preparedness . But while systems have improved , he , like others , stressed the importance of educating individuals . "  You have to have an end-to-end system , " Goosby said . "  Get it in school curriculum . "	Five years ago : Limited tsunami infrastructure Today : Tsunami sensors , tide gauges , shelters , drills Experts : Key is educating people about what to do In terms of number of tidal buoys , Pacific system is far ahead of Indian Ocean
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Attention audiophiles , old-school vinyl listeners and the very rich : Do we have a piece of stereo equipment for you . Angelis Labor 's Gabriel turntable is made from bronze and steel and can be customized with up to four arms . It 's called the Gabriel Turntable , and you wo n't find it at Wal-Mart . Crafted in limited editions by an Italian company that will engrave each buyer 's name on it , the Gabriel is to a Kenner Close 'N Play what a Ferrari is to a Yugo . "  When I look at it , " said Placido Pappalardo , co-owner of maker Angelis Labor , "  the only word that comes to mind is love . " Angelis Labor executives proudly unveiled their turntable last week at the International Consumer Electronics Show , where its retro appearance and mechanical design set it apart from the cacophony of digital gadgets on display . That , and the price : up to $ 64,000 , depending on which model is ordered . The Gabriel is made from aluminum , bronze and stainless steel and can be customized with up to four arms . Each arm is made in a Modena , Italy , factory that also builds Ferrari parts . A one-armed model costs about $ 27,000 , while a four-armed version runs for $ 64,000 , including installation . Watch the Gabriel in action " "  It is a thing of beauty , " said Jonathan Valin , executive editor of The Absolute Sound magazine , who saw the turntable in Las Vegas but did n't get to hear it . "  Whether it is a world-class turntable , I do n't know . " Why would anyone want four arms on their record player ? Different pickup cartridges produce different types of sound , and some audiophiles like to match their record players ' arms to different genres of music without going through the hassle of swapping cartridges . The Gabriel is a magnetic suspension turntable , meaning that calibrated magnets are used to lift the platter a few millimeters above its bearings . This helps reduce vibration , which can affect sound quality . "  It 's as if the whole turntable is floating in air , " Pappalardo said . The entire device rests on a custom-built , vibration-dampening table . It takes half a day for an Angelis Labor technician to set the whole thing up and calibrate the turntable . The Gabriel is not yet in stores . Angelis Labor is now seeking a distributor to sell the turntable through specialty audio retailers who can demonstrate it personally for customers . Unlike most manufacturers , the company has no interest in selling it on the Web . "  We will never allow anybody to sell our products on the Internet , " said Pappalardo , perhaps the only business executive at CES this year to make such a statement . The Gabriel is not the only four-armed record player on the market . Nor is it the most expensive : the German-made , 770-pound Clearaudio Statement turntable costs twice as much . But with vinyl making a comeback , the Gabriel may appeal to audiophiles who believe that listening to old records on a high-end player is like going back in time . "  They 're not just eye candy . They actually sound better , " said Valin , who prefers analog sound to the digital sound produced by CDs and MP3 files . But even Valin wonders what kind of person would pay $ 64,000 for a turntable . "  You 'd have to be very wealthy , very much into vinyl or very crazy , " he said . "  Or all three . "	An Italian manufacturer unveils a $ 64,000 turntable at CES in Las Vegas Gabriel turntable is made with bronze and can be customized with up to four arms Manufacturer : "  When I look at it , the only word that comes to mind is love " A distributor is being sought to sell the turntable through specialty audio retailers
Santa Ana , California -- Federal authorities arrested 26 members or associates of the Mexican Mafia gang in southern California Wednesday on charges involving drug trafficking , racketeering and murder , officials said . A total of 57 defendants were charged , including 25 already incarcerated on unrelated offenses , authorities said . The remaining six are fugitives , authorities said . The 57 are charged in five indictments accusing them of being members or associates of the Mexican Mafia and the affiliated Forming Kaos street gang , both of which operate in Orange County , California , officials said . Two of the five indictments allege racketeering . One names 28 alleged members of the Mexican Mafia , including its Orange County leader Peter Ojeda , who is currently serving a federal prison sentence for an unrelated 2006 conviction , authorities said . The other racketeering indictment identifies 17 alleged members of the Forming Kaos street gang in Costa Mesa , California , which has ties to the Mexican Mafia , officials said . The remaining three indictments charge 13 of the defendants with trafficking of heroine , methamphetamine and cocaine and with firearms offenses , authorities said . The Orange County District Attorney 's Office also filed various charges in connection with the alleged murder and assault conspiracies , authorities said . More than 500 federal and local law enforcement officers carried out Wednesday 's arrest and search warrants , culminating an investigation that lasted years , authorities said . The Mexican Mafia is a powerful and violent prison gang that controls drug distribution and other illegal activities within the California penal system and on the streets of southern California by organizing Hispanic street gang members to establish a larger network for the Mexican Mafia 's illegal activities , authorities claimed in a statement "  If a gang does not accede to the Mexican Mafia , the Mexican Mafia will assault or kill the gang 's members who are not in custody , as well as those members who are incarcerated within the California penal system , " authorities said in a statement . Ojeda , who served as the Orange County leader of the Mexican Mafia for decades , is accused of ordering Hispanic gangs to pay a "  tax " or "  tribute , " and in exchange , they were permitted to exert influence over their neighborhoods and seek Mexican Mafia protection , authorities said . For those gangs not paying the tax , Ojeda allegedly ordered them to be physically disciplined under "  green lights " or targeted them for death by putting them on a "  Hard Candy " list , authorities said . "  No member of the Mexican Mafia , and no gang member affiliated with the Mexican Mafia , is beyond the reach of the law , " U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. , said in a statement . CNN 's Gabe Ramirez contributed from Santa Ana , California .	Federal authorities accuse Mexican Mafia and an affiliate gang with racketeering Charges include drug trafficking , assaults and murder 26 of 57 defendants were arrested ; 25 others were already in prison The remaining six are fugitives
CNN  -- As NASA prepares to hunt for Earth-like planets in our corner of the Milky Way galaxy , there 's new buzz that "  Star Trek 's " vision of a universe full of life may not be that far-fetched . An artist 's impression shows a planet passing in front of its parent star . Such events are called transits . Pointy-eared aliens traveling at light speed are staying firmly in science fiction , but scientists are offering fresh insights into the possible existence of inhabited worlds and intelligent civilizations in space . There may be 100 billion Earth-like planets in the Milky Way , or one for every sun-type star in the galaxy , said Alan Boss , an astronomer with the Carnegie Institution and author of the new book "  The Crowded Universe : The Search for Living Planets . " He made the prediction based on the number of "  super-Earths " -- planets several times the mass of the Earth , but smaller than gas giants like Jupiter -- discovered so far circling stars outside the solar system . Boss said that if any of the billions of Earth-like worlds he believes exist in the Milky Way have liquid water , they are likely to be home to some type of life . "  Now that 's not saying that they 're all going to be crawling with intelligent human beings or even dinosaurs , " he said . "  But I would suspect that the great majority of them at least will have some sort of primitive life , like bacteria or some of the multicellular creatures that populated our Earth for the first 3 billion years of its existence . " Putting a number on alien worlds Other scientists are taking another approach : an analysis that suggests there could be hundreds , even thousands , of intelligent civilizations in the Milky Way . Researchers at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland constructed a computer model to create a synthetic galaxy with billions of stars and planets . They then studied how life evolved under various conditions in this virtual world , using a supercomputer to crunch the results . In a paper published recently in the International Journal of Astrobiology , the researchers concluded that based on what they saw , at least 361 intelligent civilizations have emerged in the Milky Way since its creation , and as many as 38,000 may have formed . Duncan Forgan , a doctoral candidate at the university who led the study , said he was surprised by the hardiness of life on these other worlds . "  The computer model takes into account what we refer to as resetting or extinction events . The classic example is the asteroid impact that may have wiped out the dinosaurs , " Forgan said . "  I half-expected these events to disallow the rise of intelligence , and yet civilizations seemed to flourish . " Forgan readily admits the results are an educated guess at best , since there are still many unanswered questions about how life formed on Earth and only limited information about the 330 "  exoplanets " -- those circling sun-like stars outside the solar system -- discovered so far . The first was confirmed in 1995 and the latest just this month when Europe 's COROT space telescope spotted the smallest terrestrial exoplanet ever found . With a diameter less than twice the size of Earth , the planet orbits very close to its star and has temperatures up to 1,500 ° Celsius  more than 2,700 ° Fahrenheit  , according to the European Space Agency . It may be rocky and covered in lava . Hunt for habitable planets NASA is hoping to find much more habitable worlds with the help of the upcoming Kepler mission . The spacecraft , set to be launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida next week , will search for Earth-size planets in our part of the galaxy . Kepler contains a special telescope that will study 100,000 stars in the Cygnus-Lyra region of the Milky Way for more than three years . It will look for small dips in a star 's brightness , which can mean an orbiting planet is passing in front of it -- an event called a transit . "  It 's akin to measuring a flea as it creeps across the headlight of an automobile at night , " said Kepler project manager James Fanson during a during a NASA news conference . The focus of the mission is finding planets in a star 's habitable zone , an orbit that would ensure temperatures in which life could exist . Watch a NASA scientist explain the search for habitable planets " Boss , who serves on the Kepler Science Council , said scientists should know by 2013 -- the end of Kepler 's mission -- whether life in the universe could be widespread . Finding intelligent life is a very different matter . For all the speculation about the possibility of other civilizations in the universe , the question remains : If the rise of life on Earth is n't unique and aliens are common , why have n't they shown up or contacted us ? The contradiction was famously summed up by the physicist Enrico Fermi in 1950 in what became known as the Fermi paradox : "  Where is everybody ? " The answer may be the vastness of time and space , scientists explained . "  Civilizations come and go , " Boss said . "  Chances are , if you do happen to find a planet which is going to have intelligent life , it 's not going to be in -LSB- the same -RSB- phase of us . It may have formed a billion years ago , or maybe it 's not going to form for another billion years . " Even if intelligent civilizations did exist at the same time , they probably would be be separated by tens of thousands of light years , Forgan said . If aliens have just switched on their transmitter to communicate , it could take us hundreds of centuries to receive their message , he added . As for interstellar travel , the huge distances virtually rule out any extraterrestrial visitors . iReport.com : Share your view of the universe To illustrate , Boss said the fastest rockets available to us right now are those being used in NASA 's New Horizons mission to Pluto . Even going at that rate of speed , it would take 100,000 years to get from Earth to the closest star outside the solar system , he added . "  So when you think about that , maybe we should n't be worried about having interstellar air raids any time soon , " Boss said .	Astronomer : There may be 100 billion Earth-like planets in the Milky Way If any of them have liquid water , they are likely to have some type of life , he says Analysis : Thousands of intelligent civilizations may have emerged in the Milky Way NASA 's Kepler mission to search for habitable planets in our corner of the galaxy
CNN  -- He refers to himself as the industry 's last remaining dinosaur , but Adrian Newey is the pioneering Formula One engineer who can consistently claim to be ahead of the curve . The 53-year-old 's designs have delivered a total of 10 world titles , spread across three different constructors , putting the Briton in a class of his own . After successful spells with Williams and McLaren , Newey is now chief technical officer at Red Bull , where he produced the cars that swept Sebastian Vettel to back-to-back championships in 2011 and 2012 alongside double manufacturers ' crowns . He can also count legends of the sport such as Nigel Mansell , Alain Prost , Damon Hill , Jacques Villeneuve and Mika Hakkinen as those who have triumphed under his hand since he started working in motor racing in 1980 . CNN World Sport sat down with Newey at Red Bull 's UK base to quiz him on his designs , his method of working and why he still prefers drawing by hand . How do you stay ahead of the curve every season ? The design job is part iteration and part blue sky/light bulb-type thing . So if regulations are stable , quite often it 's evolution in the Darwinian sense of the word , but occasionally we 'll come up with a new idea which is not a derivation of what we 've been doing , it 's coming from left field . So it 's really about trying to get that blend of evolution and revolution . Where do you get your "  light bulb " moments ? They can come from anywhere . I quite often find that if I think about a problem for a while , store it , walk away and do something else ... the brain is an amazing thing . It seems to tick away on a problem . Sometimes the solution will pop up in the shower the next day , the next week . I 'm sure we all have different ways of working and I 'm obviously not the only person coming up with ideas . It 's a big engineering company now . The rules change every season . Do you relish it as a challenge or is it a headache ? I enjoy regulation changes if they give new opportunities . The big changes we had at the start of 2009 gave all sorts of new opportunities ; different ways to approach things , do n't simply do things the way we 've always done and really try to think what are we trying to achieve here , what is the best solution or set of solutions to suit new regulations . What I do n't enjoy so much is when the regulations simply become more restrictive , when things that we 're doing become banned . I think the danger there is that if the regulations become excessively restrictive , then all the cars will be the same and it will effectively be a runway chassis format . You are well known for your low-tech approach to what is ultimately a very high-tech product -- you draw a lot of your designs . How do you reconcile that ? In terms of communicating my ideas and developing my ideas , I work on a drawing board -- as opposed to all my colleagues now , who are obviously on computer-aided design  CAD  systems . I guess I 'm the last dinosaur in the industry . I view it simply as a language . It 's the way of taking an idea in the head -- typically I 'll take an idea , sketch it on a bit of paper and then develop it on the drawing board . Now , of course , as everything has to go onto the CAD system , I 'm lucky enough to have a team of two or three people who take my drawings and convert them into electronic images . But whether you use a drawing board or go straight to the CAD I think it 's really a personal preference . That 's the way I grew up and I 'm afraid I 'm getting a bit too much of a creature of habit to change . Have you ever been forced to try the newer design technology ? When CAD first came in during the early 1990s , then various people -- particularly when I was at Williams -- said I ought to really be changing . Perhaps at that time when I was still in my 30s , I should have done . But I like the freedom of drawing , the fact that you can sketch very easily , you can rub out , you can change , you can freehand . When I watch people on the CAD system now , that 's still a weakness to me of the CAD system -- the freehand ability and the ability to change things very quickly and easily with a rubber is not there . What are the things that you are most proud of ? Certainly the first Formula One cars -- I was involved in the Leyton House/March team from 1988 . We were a very small team . It was only two aerodynamicists I think , including myself , on the car . The total engineering team was five or six people . We were stuck with an abnormally aspirated engine which had far less power than the turbocharged engines of the era . So we set out to build an as aerodynamically-efficient car as we could . That car I think genuinely changed the direction of F1 at the time . The cars had become quite big and clumsy and our little March was , despite being well done on power , was able to get ahead of McLaren and Ferrari and Williams , just by being aerodynamically efficient . Of course other people recognized that and over the coming years increasingly cars became a clone of the 1988 car . Which of your innovations do you think have stood the test of time ? Certainly my route has always been to try to put aerodynamics first and foremost in the design of the car because that 's the biggest performance differentiator . And that really is something now that is generally accepted -- everybody does that . But in the 1980s when I first started that was n't the norm . People tended to design the car mechanically first and foremost , and then the aerodynamicist was given the job of trying to fit the bodywork to it . I think that philosophy is still in good stead . It 's trying to recognize where do you get the biggest bang for your buck in terms of performance and then design accordingly . Can you talk through the process from design to the road ? You have a set of regulations , you then do the layout of the car , which obviously satisfies the regulations initially perhaps first and foremost , and then try to look for opportunities and try to develop ideas around that . Once you have an aerodynamic concept together , that has to be transferred to a mechanical package that will physically transmit the aerodynamics to the road , the suspension , to hold all the vital things to drive with ; the fuel , the engine . So typically we have to work to league time schedules and the longest league time is the chassis itself -- what we call the monocoque , which holds the front suspension , contains the driver and contains the fuel tank . To the back of that is bolted the engine , which we are supplied by Renault . So we are not involved in the engine , other than how we install it in the car . Then the other long league up item is the gearbox , which we do ourselves . It 's a carbon composite case . So the monocoque and the carbon gear box case are the things we have to first get out as a piece of design . Their shapes need to at least be designed by late August , early September to meet the league times necessary for the following year . Then once you have those big two items out , you go through and tick off the list of remaining items : suspension upright , suspension so on and so forth . Do the legacy of your designs and innovation go beyond F1 ? When I first started teams typically had five engineers or less , so there was very little research capability . It was purely a design job to design the car almost with the least amount of effort you could , as you just did n't have the resource . Today the top Formula One teams will have over 100 engineers , maybe as much as 130 . So we have a tremendous research capability . That has meant that instead of it almost being something that general engineering took no notice of , we are now able to contribute to engineering developments in the same way as aerospace and automotives . We will typically go from a blank sheet of paper to a complete in a space of around six months , and that 's something which the aeronautical sector in particular is fascinated by because they have league times which are more like 10 years . So we borrow off them and in some areas they borrow off us now . When you get up in the morning , what 's main thing driving you ? I just enjoy the job . I enjoy the blend of design engineering , working with my fellow engineers , my colleagues here at Red Bull , working with the drivers , working with the mechanics and that blend of design and competition that we 're out there every couple of weeks being measured on how we 're doing -- which if it 's going well it 's great , and if it 's going poorly it 's a lot of pressure . What is so fascinating about motor racing is that blend of design and competition , and it really does n't exist anywhere else . Yes of course there is technology in bicycles , tennis rackets and whatever but the budgets and the research are much smaller . We get to play with quite a grownup budget and we can get involved in lots of areas as a result of that . What 's more important -- the driver or the car ? The answer is you have to have the combination . There are three principle things : the driver ; the chassis , or the car less the engine ; and the engine itself . The main performance differentiator on the chassis is the aerodynamics . So to win races you 've got to have a good driver , good aerodynamics and a good engine . If you do n't have that combination you might win the odd race but you certainly wo n't win championships .	Designer Adrian Newey has delivered 10 Formula One world championship titles Briton has worked with Williams , McLaren and now defending champions Red Bull He says solutions to technical problems often "  pop up in the shower " Newey says F1 's constant rule changes provide him with new opportunities
LONDON , England -- A military-grade laser that blinds temporarily is the latest security technology available to wealthy superyacht owners afraid of pirate attacks . The SeaLase laser temporarily blinds pirates -- preventing them from attacking the yacht . The "  SeaLase " laser , similar to weapons used for crowd control in Iraq and Afghanistan by the U.S. military , has a range of four kilometers and becomes harder to look at the closer an attacker comes . At a distance of one kilometer , attackers develop strong nausea and can no longer see , according to Lasersec Systems , the Finnish company that developed the lasers for commercial use . "  We do n't have guns , so we need non-lethal systems to defend yachts , " Lasersec CEO Scott Buchter told CNN . Buchter , who recently launched the $ 104,000 multi-colored laser at Monaco Yacht Show , says the loss of eyesight the laser inflicts is only temporary and that no permanent damage is inflicted . Hi-tech military-grade security systems like SeaLase have become increasingly popular with superyacht owners looking to protect multi-millon dollar yachts on the open seas . Pirate attacks on oil tankers and other boats in dangerous waters like the Gulf of Aden off the coast of Somalia -- a maritime link between Europe and Asia -- have fueled the growing worry that superyachts may be the next target . Because law regarding the use of deadly force on ships is ambiguous in some countries and the transport of guns is illegal in most international waters -- yacht crews favor the use of non-lethal weapons for security . This has fueled the recent market boom for weapons like SeaLase , according to Buchter . SeaLase is the latest of these kinds of weapons , which include "  L-Rad , " a long-range acoustic device that temporarily deafens enemies and the $ 450,000 "  SeaOwl " tracking system , which combines radar and infrared or thermal cameras to detect incoming threats as far as five kilometers away . BAE Systems , the world 's second largest global defense company , is thinking even bigger with plans for a sophisticated electronic early warning system for supertankers that some experts say could cost several million dollars . "  Piracy is on the rise , " said Nick Stoppard of BAE systems . "  Attacks in 2008 were double those of the previous year and there is a clear need for better methods to help commercial ships identify and evade pirates before an attack occurs . " The early warning system would use extremely advanced radars that could see over the horizon , as far as 25 km away . But pirates are not the only enemies of affluent yacht owners . For some , the paparazzi , using long range lens to take pictures of them on their yachts , can pose a privacy headache . According to reports in UK newspaper , The Times , Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich has installed an "  anti-pap system " that would fire light beams at a camera , disrupting its ability to take images . Aside from the anti-pap system , it has been widely reported that Abramovitch 's yacht "  Eclipse " carries an anti-missile defense system and an escape submarine . The yacht is also said to have doubled in price to $ 1.2 billion since its commissioning three years ago . Michael Howorth , former super-yacht captain and technical editor at SuperYachtWorld magazine , told CNN for a previous article : As a yacht owner , "  you would be an absolute fool if you did n't have this sort of advanced defense technology .	Lasers that blind pirates are now available to wealthy super-yacht owners The lasers only temporarily impair eye-sight and make the assailant nauseous Systems such as SeaLase are on the increase with growing piracy figures
CNN  Each year , on average , about 60 people in the United States are reported to have measles , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . However , this year is on track to be one of the worst for measles in more than a decade , and health officials say people who refuse to vaccinate their children are behind the increase . The number of cases reported through August 24 is 159 -- the second-highest number of cases since 2000 , when measles was declared eliminated from the United States . In 2011 , there were 222 cases . As of November , there have been 175 cases reported , according to CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden . The elimination declaration means measles no longer spreads year-round in the country , the CDC says . But it is still common throughout the world . Of this year 's cases , 172 were import-associated , meaning they were brought into the country from overseas , according to a paper published Thursday in JAMA Pediatrics . The other three were likely directly imported . U.S. measles cases in 2013 may be most in 17 years Here are 5 things to know about measles : Measles is caused by a virus The measles virus normally grows in the cells lining the back of the throat and lungs , according to the CDC . It causes fever , runny nose , cough and a blotchy rash over the entire body . Other symptoms include red , watery eyes , body aches and tiny white spots with bluish-white centers found inside the mouth . A typical case begins with mild to moderate fever , cough , runny nose , red eyes and sore throat . Two or three days after symptoms begin , the white spots may appear in the mouth , the CDC says . A red or reddish-brown body rash begins three to five days after symptoms appear . It usually begins at the hairline on the face and spreads downward . A person 's fever may spike as high as 104 degrees when the rash appears . Measles can be fatal About one in 10 children with measles also gets an ear infection ; up to one in 20 gets pneumonia ; about one out of 1,000 gets encephalitis ; and one or two out of 1,000 die , according to the CDC . It can also make a pregnant woman miscarry or give birth prematurely . Measles kills an estimated 164,000 people around the world yearly , and there are an estimated 20 million cases worldwide . More than half of the deaths occur in India , according to federal health officials . Before the measles vaccine was introduced , nearly all children got measles by the time they reached the age of 15 . Each year in the United States , about 450 to 500 people died from measles ; 48,000 were hospitalized ; 7,000 had seizures ; and about 1,000 suffered permanent brain damage or deafness , according to the CDC . Measles is highly contagious Measles can be spread from four days before a rash appears to four days afterward . It is so contagious , in fact , the CDC says 90 % of people who are not immune and are close to someone with measles will also become infected . The virus spreads through the air when an affected person sneezes or coughs . The droplets get into people 's noses or throats through breathing or when someone puts their fingers in their mouth after touching an infected surface . The virus can live on infected surfaces for up to two hours . If you 've already had measles , you ca n't get it again , because your body has built up immunity to the virus , according to the Mayo Clinic . The measles vaccine does not cause autism The measles , mumps and rubella vaccine was licensed in 1971 to protect against all three diseases . Nearly 10 million doses of the MMR vaccine are distributed each year in the United States . The CDC recommends two doses : One at 12-15 months of age and a second at 4-6 years of age . This means that babies are not immune , and can contract the measles from unvaccinated people . In 2010 , the medical journal The Lancet retracted a controversial 1998 paper linking the MMR vaccine to autism . The study had been discredited , and its author , Dr. Andrew Wakefield , was found to have acted unethically in conducting the research . Wakefield , in a statement at the time , denied wrongdoing . Probe of early autism-vaccine complaints was limited , report says There is still resistance to MMR and other vaccines Among those who have been stricken with measles this year , 92 % were not vaccinated or had unknown vaccination status . The largest outbreak was in New York , where 58 people contracted measles in a community where many refuse to be vaccinated for religious reasons . The outbreak -- the largest since 1996 , according to the CDC -- stemmed from an intentionally unvaccinated 17-year-old who returned to New York from London while infected with measles . Vaccinations in general continue to be a hot topic , with some parents opposed for religious or other reasons . "  Anyone who is not protected against measles is at risk of getting infected when they travel internationally , " the CDC says . "  They can bring measles to the United States and infect others . Unvaccinated people put themselves and others at risk for measles and its serious complications . " Former staffer : Measles church counseled faith , not shots	175 measles cases have been reported so far this year in the U.S. Measles continues to kill an estimated 164,000 people worldwide each year 92 % of measles victims this year were not vaccinated or had unknown vaccine status
CNN  -- A federal appeals court ruled late Friday that about 1,300 gay and lesbian marriages performed earlier this year must be recognized by Utah . However , the judges stayed their order until July 21 to give the state time to file an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court for emergency action . The justices would be asked to delay recognition of those same-sex marriages until the overall constitutional issue is fully decided by the high court , a process that may not happen for a year or more . The same appeals court late last month ruled Utah 's voter approved Amendment 3 violated the equal protection rights of same-sex couples . The law currently defines marriage only between one man and one woman . A group of plaintiffs then asked the court to order the state to recognize those marriage licenses already issued in December and January . About 1,300 same-sex couples obtained marriage licenses in the 17 days after a federal judge ruled on December 20 that Utah 's ban was unconstitutional . Those marriages were stopped after a temporary stay was put in place by the Supreme Court . That was the issue in Friday 's court action . Colorado 's same-sex marriage ban should n't stand , judge rules	Same-sex marriage got go-ahead in Utah for 17 days last year Appeals court says marriages performed then must be recognized Same court says order wo n't take effect until July 21 , so state can appeal
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Both Iraq and Iran stood their ground Saturday over the reported seizure of a southern Iraqi oil well by Iranian forces . Two days after Iraq said an Iranian "  armed group " crossed the border into Iraq and seized the well , Iraqi Deputy Foreign Minister Labid Abawi said the occupation of well No. 4 in Maysan province 's Fakka oil field continues . But in a statement issued by its embassy in Iraq , Iran denied what it characterized as rumors of its forces crossing the border , and hinted that the claim was political because it comes ahead of next year 's Iraqi parliamentary elections . Both sides said they are in negotiations and have a joint committee dedicated to handling border disputes diplomatically . On Friday , the Iraqi government issued a strong statement deploring the alleged seizure , after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki headed an emergency meeting of Iraq 's National Security Council to discuss the situation . Iraq and Iran share a long border , and high-ranking committees from both countries handle all border matters , an Iranian Embassy official said . Iraq and Iran fought a bloody eight-year war that ended in 1988 in a cease-fire with no clear victor and parts of the border under dispute . Ties between Iran and Iraq -- both predominantly Shiite Muslim nations -- greatly improved after the overthrow of the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 . At the same time , there has been widespread concern among Iraqi and U.S. officials that Iran has been providing Iraqi insurgents with material for roadside bombs during the Iraq war . Drilled in 1979 , the well is in Iraq 's Maysan province , east of Amara , near the Iranian border . It is within the province 's Fakka oil field , the Iraqi government said . The report of the oil well incident comes several days after the Oil Ministry 's two-day auction of oil fields . Aimed at increasing Iraqi oil production , deals were struck for seven of the 15 fields offered . There also had been oil bidding in June . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	NEW : Both sides say they are in negotiations , have committee working on border dispute Well is in Maysan province , east of Amara , near Iranian border , officials say The two countries fought 8-year war that ended in 1988 with parts of border under dispute
CNN  -- To say that "  Real Housewives of New York City " star Ramona Singer is busy would be an understatement . Between her different businesses -- wine , jewelry and skin-care products -- and the time she spends filming the Bravo reality show , Singer is hardly ever in the same location for very long . But Singer 's passion remains with New York City , where she still manages to spend most of her time . A busy lifestyle doing what she loves suits Singer just fine , and New York is the best place for her . The buzz of the city is what Singer loves most . "  You can be all by yourself and you walk out on the street and then you 're not alone , but surrounded by tons of people . It just has such great energy . " Here , Singer shares some of her favorite locations in New York City . Where to eat T-Bar Steak & Lounge 1278 Third Avenue A swanky spot on the Upper East Side , T-Bar is known for its flair and of course , its steaks . Grabbing a cocktail here is an easy way for Singer to unwind . "  I love this restaurant and it 's in my neighborhood . It 's a place I can go by myself and get a bite to eat . I can go with girlfriends , I can go with my husband , they have a great area where you can just hang out and have drinks and appetizers or a whole meal . It just has a nice vibe , a nice local place . " The Standard Grill 848 Washington Street With a wide variety of menus from breakfast to "  late night , " The Standard Grill offers items from a $ 1 "  good pickle " to the $ 95 porterhouse steak for two . The restaurant is at the bottom of the trendy Standard Hotel , under the High Line Park . Singer makes tracks to the hotel 's 18th floor , where the Top of the Standard lounge  also known as the Boom Boom Room  offers a fun mix of decadence and hip 70s throwback atmosphere . "  I can go on top and have drinks at the Boom Boom Room -- very art deco , chic , a must-see place . The view is floor-to-ceiling glass , absolutely beautiful . It 's breathtaking . " Where to shop Bergdorf Goodman Fifth Avenue A store with history and designer finds unlike any other , Bergdorf Goodman is like a one-stop shop for Singer , who has little time for shopping . The variety and helpful sales staff makes this one of her top places in New York . "  They have great sales and a great selection . And unlike something you buy in one of the boutiques , you can return it -- because once in a blue moon , I do make a mistake . I love the Sixth floor , they have all of the contemporary designers , like Milly , Rebecca Taylor , Theory . "  I 'm always on the go : traveling , running , doing , multi-tasking . I need a place I feel really comfortable , where I get great service and has a great selection . " Michael Kors 790 Madison Avenue A jewelry designer , Singer can appreciate affordable , fantastic fashion . Michael Kors ' new line of accessories is a favorite of Singer and her daughter , with a wide range of watches for about $ 250 . "  I 'm in love with their watches , they 're oh-so-unbelievable . People ask me and I tell them , ` It 's not a Rolex , it 's a Michael Kors . ' They also have great shoes and handbags . " Favorite spot in Central Park The Central Park Boathouse East 60th Street When Singer needs an escape , she visits the Boathouse for its relaxing scenery , good eats and recreation . "  It 's the best-kept secret in New York , beyond stunning and gorgeous . It 's on the water , so you can have lunch or dinner outside along the waterfront . You can also ride bikes there or grab a bite from a concession stand . "	Ramona Singer does n't always have time to shop , but she loves Bergdorf Goodman The Central Park Boathouse provides relaxing scenery for the ever-busy Singer The Standard Grill and T-Bar are fun , swanky dinner spots in New York City
CNN  -- Most American states are doing a subpar job in protecting against corruption and assuring accountability , according a study released Monday . The joint report -- from the Global Integrity nonprofit advocacy group , Public Radio International and Center for Public Integrity investigative news organization -- used data on a host of measures to score all 50 states . No state received an A grade , while five got Bs and 19 were given Cs . The majority got grades that would be considered not passing in American schools , including 18 Ds and eight with failing grades . "  What 's behind the dismal grades ? Across the board , state ethics , open records and disclosure laws lack one key feature : teeth , " said an overview of the report written by Caitlin Ginley from the Center for Public Integrity . The report assessed 330 "  Corruption Risk Indicators " across 14 aspects of government such as ethics enforcement , lobbying disclosure , auditing practices and executive , legislative and judicial accountability . The top-ranked state , after an analysis of these measures , was New Jersey . It got a score of 87 , equivalent to a B + . It was followed closely by Connecticut . The only three other states earned above-average scores of B - or better : Washington , California and Nebraska . On the other end of the spectrum was Georgia , which ranked at the bottom of the report 's rankings when it came to transparency and accountability . Citing one reason for Georgia 's failing grade , the report claimed "  more than 650 government employees accepted gifts from vendors doing business with the state in 2007 and 2008 " despite this being a clear violation of state ethics laws -- adding that the state had n't issued a related penalty since 1999 . The Peach State was n't alone in scoring an F . It was joined by South Dakota , Wyoming , Virginia , Maine , South Carolina , North Dakota and Michigan . The report 's overview notes that low grades in some sparsely populated Western or Plains states may be attributable to "  libertarian roots , a small-town , neighborly approach and the honest belief that ` everybody knows everybody '  that  has overridden any perceived need for strong protections in law . " But overall , the study concludes that many failings are preventable , whether by giving more power to ethics boards , bolstering penalties , increasing openness and transparency , or taking stronger measures to decrease the influence of money in politics . This is despite some public steps in recent years aimed ostensibly at fighting corruption . "  State officials make lofty promises when it comes to ethics in government . They tout transparency of legislative processes , accessibility of records and the openness of public meetings . But these efforts often fall short of providing any real transparency or legitimate hope of rooting out corruption , " wrote Ginley . The report offers a number of examples . One is former West Virginia Gov. Arch Moore , in office for three terms in the 1970s and 1980s , who went to a local dealership and took a car on a "  test drive " and ended up keeping it for four years , while the dealership earned state contracts . Then , the report references a North Carolina legislator who owned five billboards and sponsored a bill to loosen billboard construction regulations , with an ethics commission finding no violations . And it also faults a Tennessee ethics commission that has n't issued a penalty in its six years in existence and that does n't make complaints available to the public . Scandals and a history of political corruption can be prime drivers of effective reforms , according to the report , which points to the positive measures taken in New Jersey , Illinois and Louisiana . It also credits widespread improvements in transparency , in which legislation and "  some government records are easier to retrieve than ever . " But Ed Bender of the National Institute on Money in State Politics says in the report that such information often is n't presented in an easy-to-use , easy-to-understand format . Ginley , in the report 's overview , also claims the study found that "  lobbyists find ways " around even retooled laws and that "  across the board , enforcement is weak . " "  When it comes to money , influence and power in state government , interest groups and big-money donors will find ways around just about any limit , " she wrote .	A joint study assesses U.S. states on corruption , accountability and transparency Five states get B grades , 19 get Cs , 18 scored Ds and eight were considered failing "  State ethics , open records and disclosure laws lack one key feature : teeth , " the report says New Jersey gets the highest score and Georgia gets the lowest in report
CNN  -- Authorities arrested Saturday a suspect who allegedly shot a female officer , stabbed a judge and fled a Washington state courthouse , an official said . Steven D. Kravetz , 34 , was arrested at his mother 's home in Olympia without incident , Undersheriff Rick Scott with the Grays Harbor County Sheriff 's Department said . The mother called authorities to tell them where he was after hearing media reports about the incident , he said . Authorities also recovered a gun taken from the officer during the confrontation , Scott said . Scott said the man gave his name as Michael Thomas when the officer approached him shortly after noon Friday inside the Grays Harbor County Courthouse in Montesano . Authorities , however , later identified the suspect Kravetz on a poster seeking the public 's help in finding him Saturday . The poster said Kravetz could be with Roberta Dougherty , whom CNN affiliates in the Seattle area identified as Kravetz 's mother . Before the attack , Kravetz took a bus from Olympia to Montesano , CNN affiliate KOMO reported . He called his mom after the attack and she reportedly gave him a ride home , it said . "  He attacked  the officer  with a sharp-edged instrument , " Scott said . "  The judge rushed to the aid of the officer and actually struck the suspect physically , knocking him off of the deputy . " The suspect cut Superior Court Judge David Edwards in the neck . Deputy Polly Davin attempted to draw her weapon , but the suspect knocked her to the floor and took the weapon , officials said . The suspect fired twice , hitting the deputy once in the shoulder . Seattle affiliates said the man left the courthouse with the handgun . "  He got the gun away from the deputy and went , ` Pop , pop ! ' And turned to look at me , and went out of the courthouse with the gun in his hand , " Edwards said , KOMO reported . The judge told the station he had never seen the suspect before the incident . Both Edwards and the officer were treated and released from a hospital , authorities said . CNN 's Phil Gast , Deanna Proeller , Greg Morrison and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	NEW : An injured judge says he never saw the suspect before , KOMO reports 34-year-old Steven Kravetz is arrested at his mother 's home Authorities recover a gun taken from a deputy The judge and an officer were wounded at a courthouse in Montesano , Washington
CNN  -- We asked CNN readers to vote for their favorite Oscar nominees in the weeks leading up to the 85th Academy Awards . As it turns out , you were pretty spot-on , predicting four of the six major categories correctly . Best picture How you voted : "  Argo " How the Academy voted : "  Argo " Best actor How you voted : Daniel Day-Lewis for "  Lincoln " How the Academy voted : Daniel Day-Lewis for "  Lincoln " Best actress How you voted : Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook " How the Academy voted : Jennifer Lawrence for "  Silver Linings Playbook " Best supporting actor How you voted : Tommy Lee Jones for "  Lincoln " How the Academy voted : Christoph Waltz for "  Django Unchained " Best supporting actress How you voted : Anne Hathaway for "  Les MisÃ © rables " How the Academy voted : Anne Hathaway for "  Les MisÃ © rables " Best director How you voted : Steven Spielberg for "  Lincoln " How the Academy voted : Ang Lee for "  Life of Pi " See the full list of winners here , or click through the gallery above .	CNN readers predicted four of the six major categories correctly CNN readers thought "  Lincoln 's " Tommy Lee Jones deserved to win best supporting actor Christoph Waltz took home the supporting actor Oscar for his role in "  Django Unchained "
CNN  -- It was spring . I was in love . No , not with a man . But with a New York City apartment . An apartment I had yet to find . But I knew exactly what I was looking for , and exactly how it would make me feel . Like a city girl , tough and tender , coming home . My place would be clean , bathed in sunlight , in an elegant prewar building , with a spare room for my college-age daughter . It would certainly not be fixer-upper  a "  wreck , " as we say around here  , and would have updated plumbing and wiring . I 'd walk out of there every day feeling like a character in a Woody Allen movie . I simply could n't live anywhere else . Not so long ago , I wrote about a similar quest -- for a good man . That did n't quite pan out . Now , after selling my suburban Long Island house of 22 years , I set my sights on finding an affordable apartment in Manhattan in a vibrant , safe neighborhood . I know what you 're thinking : Good luck with that . New York 2013 is the Wild West of real estate . A seller 's market ? That 's an understatement . According to The New York Times , a go-to place for apartment listings , in October 2009 there were 8,150 apartments listed for sale in Manhattan . Three years later , there were 6,241 . By October 2013 , that number had dwindled to 4,344 . Based on their listings , the average price for an apartment in Manhattan , according to the Times , is $ 1.1 million . New York , we have a problem . The "  man-apartment " similarities abound . Sometimes , if you 're online dating and reach out to a good prospect , he does n't respond . Busy , or not interested -- who knows ? But unavailable , for sure . Trolling the real estate websites , you click on a link and find the apartment of your dreams . But it 's already taken : "  Contract Signed . " Strolling the avenue , you see a nice-looking guy . Dare to lock eyes with him ? Stop right there . Did n't you see that little gold ring ? A good man in New York is like prime real estate , snapped up before you can blink . Photos are a source of hope and despair for both apartment - and man-hunters . Any veteran online dater knows how important attractive profile photos are -- and how deceptive they can be . Feeling butterflies before a first date ? Perhaps because you 're not entirely sure the person you 've been chatting with online even resembles his profile photo . Only by meeting will you know if this relationship is doomed , because more often than not , you 'll be burned by the big reveal . It 's the same with properties . Using wide-angle lenses , photographers can make a closet seem like a ballroom . To help find my apartment "  match , " I signed with an experienced buyer 's broker : Roberta Moser of Halstead Property . I might be in love with New York , but I needed a reality check . "  Be prepared to be disappointed , " Roberta said . "  It 's OK to fall in love with an apartment , but you ca n't get too attached to an apartment . " Forget negotiating . Unless you 're making an offer on a dump , expect a bidding war . Dozens of people show up for open houses , even waiting on line in the bitter cold to see apartments . A broker may hand you the sales sheet , which lists the apartment features and price , while declaring : "  That 's not really the price . It 's going up today . " It 's a head-spinning exercise . You think you 're close to clinching a deal , and suddenly another buyer swoops in to offer cash for an apartment . Your bid may be accepted , but until the seller signs the contract , you 're in limbo . Could another buyer steal your apartment , and your heart , away ? Moser and I found a lovely place on the Upper West Side . The moment I walked in , I just knew . "  I want that apartment , " I told her in the elevator . We entered a bid within hours . For days , the selling broker flirted with me , toyed with me . "  There are other offers , but she 's a great candidate , " he told Moser . We entered our "  best and final " bid , but were tied with another buyer . In the end , someone offered $ 12,000 more . I guess best and final was n't really "  final . " Deceived again . How far will New York buyers go to get an apartment they want ? Once , when there were multiple offers , Moser recalled , "  a buyer delivered a signed contract with a check for $ 100,000 over the asking price of the apartment . " There had been no negotiation . "  The seller , of course , went with them , " she said . After losing two bids , I finally found the apartment I would buy . Moser , the ultimate real estate matchmaker , found me the right space at a decent price . It was n't love at first sight .  The '80s decor was nearly enough to kill all desire .  And it was not the prewar building I had pined for . But it was a good deal -- and with a little luck , everything fell into place . My bid was accepted . Contract signed . How could meeting a man in New York possibly be as difficult as landing an affordable apartment ? New York matchmaker Maria Avgitidis , of Agape Match , says it 's infinitely harder . Just as in real estate , there 's a dearth of inventory . "  In general , you have four single straight women to every single straight man , " Avgitidis explains . "  It 's the worst city . Men here have so much choice that it gets distracting , " she adds . "  Manhattan , specifically , attracts the most ambitious people on the planet . " And all those type-A personalities do n't work well for matchmaking . "  You 're talking about the top 5 % , or top 1 % of women . They do n't take no for an answer and they have incredibly high standards , " says Avgitidis . As for men , "  you have single dads , divorced dads , widowers , a good portion looking for women 10 years younger than they are . It 's a huge mismatch . " So , now that I 've gone to all the trouble of moving here -- how can I ever meet a nice guy ? Maybe I should try another city . In Seattle , for example , "  there are four single men to every single woman , " says Avgitidis . "  The men look incredibly good . They all work out , they all dress nice , they all have nice apartments . " That is , if I can ever bear the thought of moving again .	CNN producer Ronni Berke has written about her online dating misadventures Her most recent hunt was for a great apartment to buy in New York Berke says it 's difficult to tell which search was more difficult : a partner or a new home She found an apartment to suit her needs , but a mate has been more elusive
CNN  Ten years ago , a prosecutor in Centre County , Pennsylvania , took a day off work and vanished . Since then , the case of Ray Gricar has become one of the most intriguing and talked about missing persons stories in the country . Investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes , dug up a grave , chased more than 300 reported sightings from Arizona to North Carolina , dropped fliers over Slovenia , consulted a psychic , interviewed a member of the Hell 's Angels and enlisted NASA technology . But no one has been able to find the veteran district attorney , who was 59 when he disappeared . When he went missing that Friday morning on April 15 , 2005 , he left behind a live-in girlfriend , a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account that was supposed to fund a fast-approaching retirement . His red Mini Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the Susquehanna River about 55 miles away from his home . Months later his county-issued laptop and hard drive were found -- separately -- on the banks of the river , too damaged to read . As far as hard evidence goes , that 's about all police have . The best lead they got was the sighting of a woman who has not been identified , and information that he had searched online for ways to destroy a hard drive . What 's left is theory , speculation and a case that 's been cold almost from the beginning . "  When a district attorney goes missing , you know , it 's pretty big . It 's going to catch people 's attention . A lot of people do n't have a large footprint . This guy had influential friends , he was well known , " said Todd Matthews , director of communications and case management for the National Missing and Unidentified Person System , or NamUs . From the start , investigators have considered three possibilities : Gricar committed suicide , fell victim to foul play or deliberately walked away . The prevailing theories have been suicide or walk-away , especially since 2009 , when a search of his Google history on his home computer found that someone had been searching "  how to fry a hard drive " and "  water damage to a notebook computer . " Gricar , a private and quiet man , was spotted with a woman who was not his girlfriend the day he went missing , and cigarette ash was found near his car , even though he was not a smoker . Friends and colleagues recalled him being distant in the weeks that led up to his disappearance , and recounted his fascination with another law enforcement official from Ohio who vanished in 1985 . Matthews said that NamUs has compared Gricar 's DNA to unidentified bodies nine times since the database became available in 2009 , but so far , none has been a match . "  Even if he chose to make himself go missing , it sounds like something was terribly wrong that caused a drastic change in his life . There 's something wrong if he 's Googled how to fry a hard drive . Did he Google it ? Did someone else Google it ? Was he threatened ? Did he do something and is trying to cover it up ? It 's not a normal thing to Google that . " Matt Rickard , the former investigator who had been in charge of the investigation for several years , thinks that hard drive is the key to cracking the case . He said he 's still holding out hope that someday technology will allow investigators to recover the damaged data . "  I think there is something out there . Whether it 's evidence or a person , there 's something that could lead us to something , " he said . "  In all honesty , somebody destroyed the hard drive and there was a reason . We have very few solid leads and the biggest one could be contained on that hard drive . " In 2011 , when former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky was arrested and charged with sexually abusing boys , it was revealed that it was Gricar who decided not to charge Sandusky when the first victim came forward in 1998 . Gricar cited a lack of evidence . The intrigue already simmering in Gricar 's case exploded . Sleuths desperately tried to find a link between the two cases , but investigators said there was no evidence that Gricar 's disappearance had anything to do with Sandusky 's crimes . But some have stuck to the homicide theory , suggesting that Gricar was an enemy of mob-like gangs in central Pennsylvania who were upset at his drug and corruption prosecutions . Cyril Wecht , a forensic pathologist , said he considered writing a book about Gricar , his ties to the Sandusky case , and whether it led to suicide . But , Wecht said , he abandoned the book idea when it became clear there was not enough evidence . "  I do n't think it 's a great stretch , " Wecht said . "  He was one of those guys with a very strong sense of justice and professional discipline and in light of what evolved and came to be disclosed -- I speak as a forensic pathologist who 's done so many suicides over the years and what can bring someone to that point . It 's pure conjecture , not based on any factual knowledge . " Plus , Wecht said , if it was a suicide , "  I do n't understand how they never recovered the body . " Bob Buehner , a former district attorney in Montour County , Pennsylvania , who was Gricar 's friend , has never accepted a suicide or walk-away theory . He believes his colleague was killed . Buehner has doubts that , 10 years later , state police can recover from what he considers a bungled start to the case . "  It did n't seem like there was any overall game plan that made sense in terms of a systematic investigation , " Buehner said . "  One of the things I 'd asked them to do from the first couple weeks is now impossible to do -- to do a hotel-motel canvas looking for the mystery woman seen with Ray and then match the names with photo IDs which police have access to . " Buehner said those records are now gone and his faith in finding Gricar is dwindling . "  I give it a 50-50 at best and only because I 'm an optimist and I hope that 's what will happen , " he said . "  As a pessimist , maybe 1 in 10 that we 'll find him . " Despite fresh eyes on the investigation when it was handed over to state authorities last year , the mystery woman has not been found . "  Pennsylvania State Police continue to chase down new leads and take a fresh look at old leads and we continue to hold out hope that something will break out in this case , " said Centre County 's District Attorney Stacy Parks Miller . "  Everybody , regardless of what position they held , deserves this kind of attention . In any missing persons case , he 's not the only one , we feel discouraged when we ca n't answer the questions for the family , but it does n't change our dedication to the case . " The case has gotten significant attention on the national level , appearing on several true-crime television shows , including HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " So it was strange to many in Pennsylvania that for years a case with such a high profile would be handled by the tiny Bellefonte Police Department , where one investigator was assigned to juggle Gricar 's case along with several more . In 2014 , the state police took over , but that was nine years after Gricar went missing and two years after he had been declared legally dead . Sources close to the investigation told CNN the case , as state police received it , was disorganized and porous . Evidence had been compromised in storage . Reports were missing . Evidence had been collecting dust in file cabinets . There was never a forensic audit of his finances . Today , some of Gricar 's friends believe the case is damaged beyond repair . They have lost faith that there will ever be any answers . When asked if she thought things might change when state police got the case , Barbara Gray , his ex-wife and the mother of his daughter Lara , said no . "  The evidence is the same , " she said . Lara declined to comment , and investigators said they 've had trouble reaching her . "  There is always a remote possibility that we might never have an answer , " said Lt. James Emigh , who leads the investigation for the Pennsylvania State Police after inheriting it last year . "  We still hold out hope , and the state police will however continue to diligently follow up every possible lead and attempt to bring closure to the family and friends of Ray . "	Prosecutor Ray Gricar has been missing for 10 years His laptop and hard drive were found too damaged to read Gricar has been declared legally dead
CNN  -- Army Sgt. Kimberly Walker survived two tours of duty in Iraq -- only to be killed back home , allegedly by her boyfriend . Now , eight months later , her family is mourning again because they ca n't keep two SpongeBob Squarepants memorials at her gravesite . To say Walker loved the cartoon character may be an understatement . "  Every year , my sister had a SpongeBob birthday party , " Walker 's twin sister Kara said . "  Everything she had was SpongeBob . " Even her curtains and bathroom were decked out with the underwater fry cook 's image , her mother told CNN affiliate WLWT . "  The funeral home actually bought the pillow of SpongeBob and we asked if they could put it in her casket , " Deborah Walker said . So the family decided to spend $ 26,000 on two massive SpongeBob monuments at Walker 's gravesite -- one in an Army uniform for Walker , and another in a Navy uniform to honor Kara , an IT specialist for the Navy . Each of the monuments stands more than 6 feet tall and weighs 7,000 pounds . Before the family ordered the SpongeBob memorials , it got the go-ahead from a cemetery representative , Deborah Walker said . "  They came and said , ` Yeah , we can go ahead and do SpongeBob . ' She gave us a statement , we signed a contract , and then they started the design , " the mother told WLWT . The stone SpongeBobs finally arrived on October 10 . But less than a day later , Spring Grove Cemetery in Cincinnati said it was going to remove the statues . "  The family chose a design with the guidance of a Spring Grove employee who unfortunately made an error in judgment , " the cemetery 's president told CNN . "  The monument does not fit within Spring Grove Cemetery guidelines , was not approved by senior management and can not remain here . " Walker 's family is devastated . "  It was just heartbreaking , " Deborah Walker said . "  I just felt we were just trying to honor her wishes . " The family is going to meet with officials from the cemetery on Tuesday . Spring Grove said it is working with the Walkers to design a solution at the cemetery 's expense "  that will properly memorialize Kimberly . "	Army Sgt. Kimberly Walker , 28 , was enthralled by SpongeBob Squarepants A cemetery official approved two massive SpongeBob monuments near her gravesite The cemetery now says the 6-foot-tall , 7,000-pound statues have to go
London  CNN  -- CNN host and former UK tabloid editor Piers Morgan was questioned in December in connection with a UK police inquiry into phone hacking , he said Friday . Morgan said he was interviewed while in Britain by officers involved in the investigation into claims that journalists illegally hacked people 's voice mail to get stories , known as Operation Weeting . "  In early November I was asked to attend an interview by officers from Operation Weeting when I was next in the UK , " he said in a prepared statement . "  This was further to a full witness statement I had already freely provided . I attended that interview as requested on 6 December 2013 . " London 's Metropolitan Police said in a prepared statement : "  A 48-year old man , a journalist , was interviewed under caution on the 6th December 2013 by officers from Operation Golding in connection with ` suspected conspiracy to intercept telephone voicemails . ' "  He was interviewed by appointment at a South London police station and he was not arrested . " CNN said it "  has been aware of this interview since before it took place , and has no further comment . " Operation Golding is a strand of Operation Weeting and is specifically investigating allegations of phone interception at Mirror Group Newspapers , a Metropolitan Police spokesman said . The Daily Mirror , formerly edited by Morgan , is one of the group 's titles . There have been four arrests under Operation Golding and three people have been interviewed under caution , the Met Police said . This means anything said can be given in evidence in court . Metropolitan Police inquiries have largely focused on alleged wrongdoing at the News of the World and Sun newspapers , owned by media baron Rupert Murdoch . A number of people connected to the papers are on trial over alleged abuses there , including former editors Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson . They deny wrongdoing . Morgan , also a former editor of the News of the World , is the host of prime-time interview show "  Piers Morgan Live , " which was first aired in January 2011 . In December of that year , he was called to testify before the UK Parliament regarding his exact knowledge of a phone hacking scandal involving pop star Paul McCartney and his ex-wife , Heather Mills . Morgan was a columnist at The Sun before , in 1994 , becoming editor of the News of the World . Two years later , he moved to the rival Daily Mirror , where he served as editor-in-chief from 1995 until 2004 .	Piers Morgan says he was questioned by police looking into phone hacking claims He was interviewed in December while in Britain , he says Morgan , a CNN host , was formerly editor of two UK tabloid newspapers Police are probing claims that journalists illegally accessed people 's voice mail to get stories
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama on Monday blamed lobbyists , special interests and "  an ethic of irresponsibility " in Washington for the financial crisis that has swept the country in recent weeks . Sen. Barack Obama said Monday there needs to be more oversight in Washington . The senator from Illinois sided with congressional Democrats , who say a government bailout of the financial sector must include government oversight . "  We can not give a blank check to Washington with no oversight and accountability , when no oversight and accountability is what got us into this mess in the first place , " Obama said . President Bush 's top economic advisers this weekend presented a $ 700 billion plan to Congress to take control of "  illiquid assets , " including bad mortgages . Bush urged Congress to pass the plan as is , but Democrats on the Hill already are circulating a counterproposal . Sen. John McCain , Obama 's Republican rival for the presidency , said Monday that the government 's proposal puts too much power into the hands of Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson . In a conference call Monday with reporters , McCain 's top campaign officials refused to say how the senator from Arizona would vote on the plan because it is not yet clear what the final version will contain . At a campaign event Monday in Green Bay , Wisconsin , Obama laid out the reforms he would pursue as president to avoid another economic crisis . Watch Obama talk about the crisis on Wall Street " First , Obama said that he would reform "  our special interest-driven politics . " He said members of his administration would not be able to use their position as a steppingstone for lobbyist careers . Watch what Obama says about McCain 's role in the situation " Obama said he would make the government "  open and transparent " and put any bill that ends up on his desk online for five days before he signs it . Secondly , Obama said he would "  eliminate the waste and the fraud and abuse in our government . " He pointed to fixing the health care system and ending the war in Iraq as ways to cut costs . Obama also said that he and his running mate , Sen. Joe Biden , would crack down on excessive spending from both parties and close loopholes for big corporations . Obama said he would pursue "  updated , common-sense regulations " in the financial market . Earlier Monday , McCain told voters he was "  greatly concerned " about the government 's proposed rescue plan . "  Never before in the history of our nation has so much power and money been concentrated in the hands of one person , " McCain said at a town hall meeting in Scranton , Pennsylvania . The Republican candidate said that while he admires and respects Paulson , "  this arrangement makes me deeply uncomfortable . " McCain said a high-level oversight board should be created to shepherd the government 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout plan . McCain criticized Obama for not putting up a plan to address the financial situation . "  At a time of crisis , when leadership is needed , Sen. Obama has simply not provided it , " he said . Watch what McCain says about Obama 's leadership " Obama has said several times since the recent Wall Street crisis that , in meeting with top economists , he was encouraged to not roll out a specific plan for fear of overly politicizing the work of Congress on a government bailout of financial firms . He has , however , offered ideas for the plan -- including limiting pay for executives of businesses that are bailed out by the government and making sure the effort includes a specific plan for the money to be repaid . McCain on Monday proposed creating a bipartisan oversight board that would be able to "  impose accountability and establish concrete criteria for who gets help and who does n't . " The Republican presidential candidate said the board should be made up of "  qualified citizens who have no agenda . " He pointed to Warren Buffett , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg as potential board members . Buffett , chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway , supports Obama . Romney backs McCain , and Bloomberg is an independent . McCain also called for "  transparency and accountability " on Wall Street and urged Congress to act quickly . The Bush administration 's proposal to bail out the financial system is the centerpiece of what would be the most sweeping economic intervention by the government since the Great Depression . The plan would allow the Treasury to buy up mortgage-related assets from American-based companies and foreign firms with a big exposure to these illiquid assets . The aim is for the government to buy the securities at a discount , hold onto them and then sell them for a profit . The government 's rescue plan follows a week of roller-coaster activity in the financial markets . In the lead-up to Bush 's proposal , the country saw the collapse of U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers , a Bank of America buyout of Merrill Lynch and a government bailout of insurer American International Group Inc. . CNNMoney.com staff contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Barack Obama lays out his plan to avoid another economic crisis NEW : Obama : "  We can not give a blank check to Washington with no oversight " Sen. John McCain expresses reservations about government 's rescue plan McCain says there should be a bipartisan oversight board
CNN  -- A year ago , Bo Xilai was one of the most powerful and talked-about politicians in China . He was a member of China 's ruling body , the Politburo , and he seemed to have a shot at gaining a seat on the key decision-making unit within it , the Standing Committee . But on March 15 , he was removed from his post as the party secretary of Chongqing . Today , he 's still one of the most-talked about men in China , not for how far he 'll rise but for how far he 's destined to fall . Charismatic and determined , Bo was primarily known for launching bold initiatives , such as encouraging the mass singing of "  red songs "  revolutionary anthems from the days of Chairman Mao Zedong  and pushing for high-profile drives to rid his inland , south-central city of organized crime . The rise and fall of China 's Bo Xilai The circumstances surrounding Bo 's fall are intriguing . Was it a power struggle or did he flout the law ? In February , one of Bo 's top lieutenants , whom he abruptly demoted , went to the U.S. consulate presumably to seek political asylum . Last week , the British government asked the Chinese government to investigate the mysterious death of a British businessman who claimed to have close ties to Bo 's family . Despite this drama , Chinese leaders are hoping to minimize disturbances ahead of the major leadership transition of the Communist Party in the fall . So , what can we learn from this strange tale so far ? 1 . No matter how unified the leaders at the top of China 's power structure seems , there are bound to be fissures . Factional divides might be linked to a number of factors , such as personal style , family history , regional identity or ideology . After the Tiananmen protests of 1989 , China 's leaders tried to show that factionalism was a thing of the past . But today , we know fissures may be hidden but can surface anytime . Bo Xilai and the politics of Chinese succession Riding on his popularity before his fall , Bo took the step of trying to secure a seat on the Standing Committee by an unusual method . He seemed more like someone campaigning for votes rather than striving simply to get a nod of approval from the top Chinese leaders . In a country that has very limited democracy and only local elections , this seemed out of place . 2 . Historical symbolism can be useful , but it can turn into political dynamite . Bo 's rise was helped by his skill at playing to nostalgia for specific aspects of the Mao years . His promotion of old nationalist songs and presentation of himself as a fearless crusader against corruption and urban crime won him broad praise and support . But invoking the Maoist past proved to be a double-edged sword . The first clear indication that Bo was about to fall came when Premier Wen Jiabao gave a speech in March when he talked of the danger of any recurrence of "  Cultural Revolution " patterns . To invoke the specter of the Cultural Revolution is always to conjure up images of destabilizing "  turmoil " of a kind most Chinese would rather never see again . Bo 's tactics made it all too easy for his political opponents to call him out . 3 . Purges in China are unpredictable . It 's hard to figure out what to call what has happened to Bo , who has been demoted but not detained and retains membership in the Politburo . He is definitely on the outs , so the term "  purge " comes to mind , but the story is not finished . Consider Hua Guofeng , Mao 's immediate successor , who was pushed aside after a few years by Deng Xiaoping , yet lived out his days as a minor official . Or Deng himself , who was in favor , out of favor and then back in favor as the leader of the Communist Party . At the other end of the spectrum is Zhao Ziyang , a chosen successor to Deng who was ousted for taking too lenient a stance toward the 1989 protests and remained under house arrest until his death . And powerful mayors who were made scapegoats for anti-corruption drives and eventually executed . We just do n't know at what point on this spectrum Bo will end up . Bo 's story seems hard to follow for outsiders , but nonetheless , it 's worth watching . In China , the most important leadership decisions are made by small groups huddling behind closed doors . This means that unexpected incidents such as Bo 's fall offer precious if hard to decipher signs . Chinese high politics remains a black box in many ways , and like those in airplanes , its secrets will only be revealed when there 's a crash . There 's no indication of that happening to the Communist Party anytime soon , so for now we should make the most of the hints . One thing we can be sure of : We have n't seen the last of factional politics in the Communist Party . Perhaps the strongest evidence of this is how the official press has been full of statements about the leadership being unified . When this sort of message is made too forcefully , there is likely widespread anxiety about its truthfulness . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Wasserstrom .	Bo Xilai , once a powerful politician in China , was removed from his post in March Jeffrey Wasserstrom : Bo 's story is intriguing -- was it power struggle or did he flout law ? He says incidents like Bo 's fall offer precious clues about state of Chinese government Wasserstrom : Factional politics indicate Communist Party is not as unified as it seems
CNN  -- NASA released the first color images of the surface of Mars from its new rover Curiosity on Tuesday , showing a dusty , tan desert dominated by the rim of the crater where the craft landed . The image -- shot at an angle by a camera on Curiosity 's still-stowed robotic arm -- shows the sandy plain ahead of the rover and the northern rim of Gale Crater , where the rover touched down early Monday . The image was shot through a retractable , transparent dust shield over the lens , making it "  kind of murky , " said Ken Edgett , a senior scientist for the camera 's builder , Malin Space Science Systems . Controllers wanted to make sure the camera still functioned after Curiosity 's 352-million-mile voyage and harrowing landing early Monday , Edgett told reporters at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . Read more on the Mars Rover : Is all this necessary ? "  This was basically a focus test , " he said , adding , "  It works . It 's awesome . We ca n't wait to open it and see what else we can see . " The crater rim seen in the photo is more than 20 km  12.5 miles  from the rover , Edgett said . Other images beamed back in the first day and a half since the landing include 297 low-resolution color images of the final minutes of its descent . The pictures , posted on the space agency 's website , show some of the gyrations Curiosity went through beneath its parachute and the dust kicked up as it touched down . The $ 2.6 billion rover made its dramatic arrival on Martian terrain in a spectacle popularly known as the "  seven minutes of terror . " The landing involve a sky crane and the world 's largest supersonic parachute , which allowed the spacecraft carrying Curiosity to target the landing area that scientists had meticulously chosen . The probe was in "  great shape " 36 hours after landing as NASA starts to activate the rover 's systems , mission manager Michael Watkins said Tuesday afternoon . But he noted that adjustments need to be made to at least two systems . Read more : Curiosity opening Martian frontier ? Controllers plan to spend Curiosity 's next day raising the mast that holds many of its remote sensors and tweak the high-bandwidth antenna that connects the rover to Earth . "  The antenna mechanism is in fine shape , but it was not quite pointed accurately enough at the Earth for us to get the telecom signal that we wanted , " Watkins said . And the Rover Environmental Monitoring Station "  did not work correctly " the second time the team tried to test its sensors , leading the researchers behind that project to go back and re-check the unit 's data files . "  I would say that it does not appear to be significant at this time , " Watkins said . "  But these guys are off working it , and it 's their baby . Let 's let them think about it for a while . " The unit , known as the REMS , monitors ground and air temperatures , humidity , atmospheric pressure and ultraviolet light . Despite the glitches , Watkins said controllers remain in high spirits . "  These are the days that people worked five and 10 years for , going on right now , " he said . Take our Mars quiz Curiosity is essentially a car-sized mobile science laboratory , packing 17 cameras , a laser that can survey the composition of rocks from a distance and instruments that can analyze samples from soil or rocks . The aim is to determine whether Mars ever had an environment capable of supporting life . Its prime target is the 18,000-foot  5,500-meter  peak at the center of Gale Crater , Mount Sharp . The stratified composition of the mountain could give scientists a layer-by-layer look at the history of the planet . Curiosity 's landing site is about 12 km  7.5 miles  from the foot of the mountain , NASA project scientist Sara Milkovich said . The rover is supposed to last for two years on Mars , but it may operate longer -- after all , Spirit and Opportunity , which arrived on Mars in 2004 , were each only supposed to last 90 Martian days . Spirit stopped communicating with NASA in 2010 after getting stuck in sand , and Opportunity is still going .	NEW : Controllers to tweak antenna , work on sensor glitch , mission manager says First color picture from the surface shows Gale Crater 's rim The $ 2.6 billion Curiosity made its dramatic arrival on Martian terrain Monday "  The image sequence received so far indicates Curiosity had , as expected , a very exciting ride , " NASA says
Wired  -- Apple has announced that CEO Steve Jobs will be emceeing the company 's annual Worldwide Developers Conference keynote on June 7 in San Francisco . Continuing his trend of doing one-to-one e-mail marketing for his $ 43 billion  revenue  company , Jobs himself helped tout the conference with a personal e-mail to a customer over the weekend . The developer 's conference attracts greater than usual attention because , for the past two years , Apple has used the venue to announce the latest version of its iPhone . Gizmodo may have spoiled the surprise this year by leaking what has been confirmed by Apple legal as a prototype of the fourth-generation iPhone . However , in an e-mail exchange with a customer over the weekend , Jobs said the event would still pack a punch . "  I hope you have some good WWDC announcements to blow -LSB- Google -RSB- out of the water , " a customer wrote to Jobs on Saturday . "  You wo n't be disappointed , " the CEO responded , according to a report published on MacRumors.com . As usual , the keynote address will be held in the Moscone West conference center to kick off the five-day WWDC conference , which includes hands-on sessions for software developers to become familiar with iPhone OS 4 and Mac OS X . In addition to new iPhone hardware , Apple is expected to give further details on its next-generation mobile operating system , iPhone OS 4 . The company in March previewed iPhone OS 4 , which introduces support for multitasking and the ability to group apps in folders , among other features . Apple 's 5,000-seat WWDC 2010 event sold out in eight days . The conference is designed to recruit and educate developers supporting Apple 's iPhone OS and Mac OS platforms . The importance of WWDC continues to increase as Apple 's rivalry with Google becomes more fierce in the mobile space . Google last week held its sold-out Android developer conference , Google I/O , where executives spent a generous amount of time delivering potshots on Apple 's iPhone platform . "  If Google did n't act , we face a draconian future . One man , one company , one device would control our future , " Vic Gundotra , vice president of engineering of Google , told attendees at the conference . "  If you believe in openness and choice , welcome to Android . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Steve Jobs ' keynote address will kick off Apple 's five-day WWDC conference "  You wo n't be disappointed -LSB- with my keynote -RSB- , " said the Apple CEO in an e-mail to a customer Gizmodo may have spoiled the surprise by leaking a prototype of the new iPhone Apple is also expected to talk about its next-generation mobile operating system
CNN  -- A Texas woman apparently contracted HIV through sexual contact with another woman , the Centers for Disease Control reported Thursday , a rare female-to-female transmission of the virus . Testing confirmed the 46-year-old woman with newly diagnosed HIV "  had a virus virtually identical to that of her female partner , who was diagnosed previously with HIV and who had stopped receiving antiretroviral treatment in 2010 , " according to the CDC 's Weekly Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report . HIV transmission through female-to-female sexual contact "  has been reported rarely and is difficult to ascertain , " officials said . Past confirmation of such transmission "  has been difficult because other risk factors almost always are present or can not be ruled out , " the report said . "  In this case , other risk factors for HIV transmission were not reported by the newly infected woman , and the viruses infecting the two women were virtually identical . " The CDC said it was contacted by the Houston Department of Health about the case in August 2012 . The woman newly diagnosed with HIV did not report any other risk factors , such as injection drug use , tattooing , transfusions or transplants , officials said . She supplemented her income by selling plasma , and tested negative for HIV in March 2012 . Ten days after donating plasma , however , in April 2012 , she went to an emergency room complaining of a sore throat , fever , vomiting and decreased appetite , among other symptoms . She again tested negative for HIV . However , she tested positive for HIV when attempting to sell plasma 18 days later , and further testing confirmed the diagnosis . The woman is believed to have been infected by her 43-year-old sexual partner , the CDC said . She told officials the woman was her only sexual partner during the six months before she tested positive . The couple said they routinely had unprotected sexual contact and shared sex toys between them . At times , the contact was "  rough to the point of inducing bleeding in either woman , " according to the CDC . The women said some of the unprotected sexual contact occurred during menstruation . Commonly , HIV infections in women who have sex with women are traced to risk behaviors such as intravenous drug use or heterosexual sex , the CDC said .	A Texas woman apparently infected her female partner with HIV Such transmission is rarely reported and "  difficult to ascertain , " the CDC says The newly infected woman reported no other risk factors for HIV
Washington  CNN  -- TSA officers rescued a woman from two kidnappers as a group of travelers passed through a security checkpoint at Miami International Airport , the Transportation Security Administration said . In the July 5 incident , the two TSA behavior detection officers , trained to spot terrorists in passenger lines , noticed the 25-year-old woman trembling and trying to hide facial injuries at an airline ticket counter . The woman at first said she was fine , but later broke down crying and said she had been kidnapped , the TSA said . The officers separated the woman from her four travel partners , leading to her rescue and the arrest of two women in the group on kidnapping and other charges , the TSA said . "  Our officers recognized that the woman was in danger and acted immediately to protect her , " said Mark Hatfield , the TSA 's federal security director for Miami International Airport . The incident was first reported Tuesday by Miami television station NBC 6 , a day before a congressional hearing on TSA screener misconduct . Several TSA officials said the timing of the news release was coincidental . Nonetheless , TSA Deputy Administrator John Halinski mentioned the kidnapping case as an example of good work being done by agency employees . TSA to speed flight attendants through security "  We stopped a kidnapping basically though the quick thinking and the abilities of our BDO  behavior detection officers  , " he told the committee . A North Miami Police Department report gave this account : The incident began when the victim and four friends came to Miami from New Jersey to celebrate the Fourth of July . The following day -- July 5 -- the woman was alone at a Best Western hotel when her four friends returned from an outing , apparently intoxicated . While the victim was lying in bed , one woman accused her of having intimate relations with her boyfriend and "  began to violently punch her numerous times in the face . " When the woman stopped punching her , a second woman punched her in the face several times . The victim locked herself in a bathroom , but her two attackers struck her again when she left the bathroom . The two other friends "  refused to get involved , " the report says . The attackers took jewelry from her , took money from her purse and went to an ATM , where they withdrew money from the victim 's account , it says . The group took a taxi to the Miami airport , and while they were at a ticket counter , a TSA behavior detection officer noticed the victim 's injuries . The officer said that one woman "  did n't seem comfortable with the people she was traveling with , " the TSA said in a statement . The victim at first said she was fine , but a TSA officer "  re-engaged the woman and she broke down crying and stated she was kidnapped , " the statement said . "  The victim was pulled away by TSA Agents before reaching the travel document check point and Airport Police were called , " the TSA said . Police questioned the woman 's four travel partners and arrested the two women . Police identified the women as Tori Beato , 19 , of Secaucus , New Jersey , and Melissa Pineiro , 25 , of North Bergen , New Jersey . Beato and Pineiro are charged with kidnapping , false imprisonment and related charges . Both have been released on bond , police said , and efforts by CNN to reach them were unsuccessful . Beato 's listed phone number was no longer in service , and Pineiro did not immediately return a call for comment . At Wednesday 's hearing on screener misconduct , the TSA defended its workforce , saying that most screeners behave professionally and that the agency works aggressively to weed out unprofessional workers . Deputy Administrator Halinski said criticism of the agency comes chiefly from the media , bloggers and politicians . Of the 600 million passengers screened every year , about 750,000 initiate contact with the TSA , and less than 8 % of them register complaints , he said . TSA : Eight Newark officers fired for violating procedures "  When you look at the large number of passengers that are going through , I think that statistic speaks for itself , " Halinski said . Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Alabama , chairman of the subcommittee , agreed that only a small subset of TSA workers are unprofessional , but he said the frequency of TSA misconduct "  is a symptom of a larger problem . " "  In some cases , we 've seen poor screener performance going uncorrected or , even worse , being encouraged or covered up or by TSA management , " he said , noting a 2011 case in which TSA employees at a Honolulu airport were failing to check baggage for explosives . "  TSA 's own federal security director was in on it , " Rogers said . "  One of these cases is too many , but there have been others disturbing since then , including airports in southwest Florida , Philadelphia , JFK and Newark . " Said Halinski : "  I 'm not saying we 're different from any other group of Americans . I 'm saying we 're exactly like any group of Americans . "	Agency says behavior detection officers noticed suspicious group at Miami airport Officers separated nervous woman from her four travel partners , report says Police report : Woman accused two other women in group of punching her , taking her money Pair charged with kidnapping , false imprisonment , other offenses
Sunset  -- Great things to do and see , and memories  you can still make  of summer at the lake . With clear blue water and picturesque boulders , Sand Harbor is the place to swim in Lake Tahoe . The scene Families dot the beaches , and boaters dominate the lake ; traffic slows on State 89 , and the Truckee River overflows with inner-tubers . Still , from North Lake to Emerald Bay , and South Lake to Incline Village , you 'll find plenty of peace , quiet , and to-die-for beauty . Cruise the lake Skip the stern-wheeler paddleboats packed with tourists for a wine-and-cheese sunset sail on the Tahoe Cruz . Departs daily from Tahoe City Marina in Tahoe City , California ; $ 60 ; reservations required ; tahoesail.com or 530/583 -6200 . Walk on water Stand-up paddleboarding is the latest craze . Give it a shot , or go for a sit-on-top kayak from Tahoe Paddle & Oar  paddleboard or kayak rental from $ 20 per hour ; 8299 N. Lake Blvd. / State 28 , Kings Beach , California ; tahoepaddle.com or 530/581 -3029  . Sunset.com : Lake Tahoe landmarks Jump in Lake Tahoe-Nevada State Park 's Sand Harbor area is popular for its gentle turquoise coves and fine white sand . Get there before 10 a.m. to avoid the crowds . $ 8 per vehicle ; on State 28 , 3 miles south of Incline Village , NV ; parks.nv.gov or 775/831 -0494 . Skinny-dip For a quiet swim , hike 0.5 mile to Secret Cove and Chimney Beach , where those who hate tan lines like to hang out . Trailhead is off State 28 , 2 1/2 miles south of Sand Harbor ; 530/543 -2600 . Wine and dine Christy Hill serves a killer chile relleno with an equally killer lake view .  Closed Mon ; 115 Grove St. , Tahoe City , California ; average entrée price around $ 30 ; 530/583 -8551  . The deck at Sunnyside Resort has a party scene and the best Hula Pie this side of Hawaii .  Most entrées between $ 20 and $ 30 ; 1850 W. Lake Blvd. / State 89 , 2 miles south of Tahoe City , California ; 530/583 -7200  . Sunset.com : Make your own lake dinner menu Hang with the locals Built in 1859 , Chambers Landing Bar and Restaurant is set at the end of a pier . Arrive by boat or car , but if you 're the designated driver , steer clear of the Chambers Punch . Most entrées $ 12 or less ; 6400 W. Lake Blvd. / State 89 , Homewood , California ; 530/525 -9190 . Stay in a cabin Carved wooden bears are everywhere at the woodsy Cottage Inn . From $ 158 , including breakfast ; just south of Tahoe City , California ; 800/581 -4073 . Sunset.com : The West 's best national parks Splurge on a room Book a suite at the West Shore Cafe & Inn , then wait for a bald eagle to fly past your window . Rooms from $ 350 ; Homewood , California ; 530/525 -5200 . Pitch a tent Easy swimming access and hot showers make for blissful family camping at D.L. Bliss State Park  from $ 25 ; reserveamerica.com or 800/444 -7275  . For views , the best sites are 148 , 149 , 151 , 153 , and 156 . If Bliss is full , try Nevada Beach Campground , on the east side  from $ 28 ; recreation.gov or 877/444 -6777  . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Consider a wine-and-cheese sunset sail on the Tahoe Cruz Take a dip at Lake Tahoe-Nevada State Park 's Sand Harbor Try the best Hula Pie this side of Hawaii at Sunnyside Resort
CNN  -- There are few sports that are so dominated by a single person like the way the women 's pole vault is ruled by 26-year Russian Yelena Isinbayeva . Eyes on the prize : Yelena Isinbayeva has often complained about a lack of real competition in her event . Every time the world and Olympic champion competes it is expected that she will spring to new heights and push women 's pole-vaulting to new levels . She has broken the world record 16 times , almost equaling the feat of the great Sergey Bubka , who broke the men 's outdoor pole vault record 17 times between 1984 and 1994 . Since jumping to her first world record in 2003 and becoming the first woman to jump over 5-meters in 2005 she as also become something of a glamorous sporting celebrity . After setting five new world records in 2005 , it took almost three years for her to set a new mark of 5.04 m in July 2008 , a fallow period that made her pursuit of world records a personal matter . After setting her world record mark in July this year at a competition in Monte Carlo , she told press : "  I wanted to improve my personal best and that 's what I did . I see this world record as a personal one . " A driven and focused competitor , she has also become famous for her coolness under pressure . Before her latest world record jump she was driving around the track in the back of a vintage car with sprinter Asafa Powell , while her fellow competitors had already started the competition . Not shy of media and publicity , her sporting achievements , athleticism and looks have made her a pin-up for women 's athletics and attracted a number of big-name sponsors . While her achievements can be allied to that of Bubka it has been noted that her media - and sponsor-friendly attitude makes her more akin to compatriot Maria Sharapova . Her celebrity status is a world away from her modest background . Born in Volgograd in 1982 it was only until a couple of years ago that she lived with her parents and younger sister in the city of her birth , before moving to Monte Carlo . She trained first of all as a gymnast until the age of 15 when her coach decided she was too tall . Commentators and fellow competitors have noted that her gymnastic training has helped give her an extra edge in the event . After defending her title in Beijing , her place in the sporting pantheon of great female athletes seems secure . While emulating Bubka , Isinbayeva has said before that closing the gap between the heights the men and women can jump is another of her personal challenges , and with her own talent and the help of Bubka 's former coach she may go a long way towards achieving that .	World and Olympic pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva dominates her sport Has broken the world record 15 times since 2003 ; first woman to clear 5m Media-friendly looks and talent have made her very bankable sports start
Kenyan Wangari Maathai , the first woman from Africa to win the Nobel Peace Prize , died Monday after a battle with cancer . She was 71 . Maathai , an environmentalist , had long campaigned for human rights and the empowerment of Africa 's most impoverished people . More than 30 years ago she founded the Green Belt Movement , a tree-planting campaign to simultaneously mitigate deforestation and to give locals , especially women and girls , access to resources like firewood for cooking and clean water . They have since planted more than 40 million trees . "  Professor Maathai 's departure is untimely and a very great loss to all who knew her -- as a mother , relative , co-worker , colleague , role model and heroine -- or who admired her determination to make the world a more peaceful , healthier and better place , " her organization said . World mourns passing of ` true African heroine ' In 2004 , she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for her efforts to promote sustainable development , democracy and peace . "  Her departure is untimely and a very great loss to all of us who knew her -- as a mother , relative , co-worker , colleague , role model , and heroine -- or those who admired her determination to make the world a peaceful , healthy , and better place for all of us , " said Karanja Njoroge , executive director of the Green Belt Movement . Born in Nyeri , Kenya , on April 1 , 1940 , Maathai blazed many trails in her life . She was the first woman in East and Central Africa to earn a doctorate degree . In December 2002 , she was elected to Kenya 's parliament with an overwhelming 98 % of the vote . She was honored by Time magazine in 2005 as one of 100 most influential people in the world . And Forbes listed her as one of 100 most powerful women in the world . In April 2006 , France bestowed its highest honor on her : the Legion d'Honneur . Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki called Maathai a "  global icon who has left an indelible mark in the world of environmental conservation . " Her passing elicited tributes from all around the world , like one from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in which he described her as "  a pioneer in articulating the links between human rights , poverty , environmental protection and security . " He noted that she 'd been active in his organization , including as a U.N. Messenger of Peace and part of a group trying to formulate global millennium development goals . Achmat Dangor , the executive director of the Nelson Mandela Foundation , recalled a 2005 speech that she made before his group in which she laid out specific steps that citizens , governments and businesses could take to protect the environment . "  We need people who love Africa so much that they want to protect her from destructive processes , " Maathai said then . "  There are simple actions we can take . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague called the passing of the "  charismatic figure ... a great loss to the world , " and fellow environmental activist and former U.S. Vice President Al Gore recalled her as a woman who "  worked tirelessly  to become  a true inspiration for us all . " And U.S. President Barack Obama said that Maathai 's life-long fight continues , building off what she was able to accomplish and the minds and policies she was able to shape over her lifetime . "  As she told the world , ` We must not tire , we must not give up , we must persist , ' " Obama said in a statement . "  Her legacy will stand as an example to all of us to persist in our pursuit of progress . " Maathai leaves behind three children and a granddaughter .	Obama says "  her legacy will stand " on environmental and other issues U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon describes her as a "  pioneer " The Green Belt Movement founder was elected to Kenya 's parliament with 98 % of the vote She was the first woman from Africa to win the Nobel Peace Prize
The United States plans to send small arms , ammunition and potentially anti-tank weapons to Syria 's rebels , two officials familiar with the matter told CNN on Friday . President Barack Obama 's administration has declined to provide details about increased military assistance for the rebels following its announcement Thursday that Syria crossed a "  red line " with its use of chemical weapons . Ben Rhodes , a U.S. deputy national security adviser , told reporters that Washington will "  increase the size and scope of the assistance . " When pushed for more details , Rhodes said : "  I ca n't give you a specific timeline or itemized list of what that assistance is . " The weapons will be provided by the CIA , the officials told CNN 's chief White House correspondent Jessica Yellin . The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity surrounding the issue . The U.S. announcement set off a series of claims and counterclaims in Syria and world capitals over the conflict that has claimed more than 90,000 lives with no sign of progress toward a political solution . Britain backed the U.S. change in position , but Syria and its allies in Russia quickly sought to cast its integrity into doubt . The Syrian foreign ministry accused Washington of releasing "  a statement full of lies regarding the use of chemical weapons in Syria , " according to a statement released on state TV . And a government statement carried by the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency accused the United States of using "  flagrant tricks to come up with any possible means to justify the decision of President Barack Obama to arm the Syrian opposition . " An aide to Russian President Vladimir Putin labeled as "  unconvincing " the U.S. evidence of chemical weapons use by Syria . However , British Foreign Secretary William Hague backed the U.S. government 's assessment and called for a coordinated response from the international community . ` Weapons and ammunition ' Obama has been criticized at home and abroad for not acting sooner to assist the Syrian opposition , and the declaration that the red line of chemical weapons use had been crossed raised expectations of U.S. arms heading to the rebels . "  What we need , really , is weapons and ammunition , and especially anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles , " Gen. Salim Idriss of the rebel Free Syrian Army told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Friday . Idriss said he has not been told what type of weapons the United States will provide to the rebel army . Louay Almokdad , political and media coordinator of the rebel Free Syrian Army , told CNN that he expected the United States initially to send ammunition , rather than heavy arms . What complicates any U.S. military support for the opposition is that many of the rebel fighters are militants with pro-al Qaeda sympathies , the same stripe of militants America has battled in Iraq and Afghanistan . They include the al-Nusra Front , a rebel group that the United States says has links to al Qaeda . The rebels promised U.S. and European officials that any military weaponry they get wo n't end up with extremists among the anti-government forces , Almokdad said . The officials told CNN that beyond small arms and ammunition , anti-tank weapons were also under consideration . They did not spell out what was being given to rebels , but small arms can include such items as rocket-propelled grenades , small rockets , mortars and mines as well as guns . Anti-aircraft weapons were considered less likely , and Rhodes made clear Friday that Obama has ruled out sending any U.S. troops to Syria . "  The one option that we 've basically taken off the table is boots on the ground , " Rhodes said , adding that Obama has made the final decision on the step that "  dramatically increases assistance to " rebel forces . ` Convincing ' evidence Presidential aide Yuri Ushakov told reporters the United States had shown Russian officials data and information on Syria 's use of chemical weapons , Russia 's state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported Friday . "  What we saw does not look convincing to us , " Ushakov was quoted as saying . In a telephone call with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said arming the rebels "  would lead to an escalation in the region , since the U.S. accusations that Damascus has used chemical weapons are not rooted in reliable facts , " according to a statement released by the Russian Foreign Ministry . Washington and Moscow have been deeply divided over how to end the bloodshed in Syria , and the issue is expected to top the agenda when Obama and Putin meet for one-on-on talks Monday at the start of G8 summit in the UK . "  This is a fluid situation . So it is necessary for us to consult with leaders of the G8 about the types of support that we are providing for the opposition , " Rhodes said . Asked about Russia 's questioning of U.S. evidence that Syria forces used chemical weapons multiple times , killing between 100 to 150 people , Rhodes said the information provided to Putin 's government included samples of sarin gas and other "  convincing " evidence . That evidence , according to Rhodes , includes intelligence reports , eyewitness accounts and "  physiological samples " of the nerve agent sarin . No single piece of intelligence led to the conclusion that the Syrian regime had used chemical weapons , said a senior administration official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The official was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter . The finding , according to the official , was a result of looking at a number of instances of suspected use , seeing similar evidence and patterns of usage and coming to the conclusion chemical weapons had been used . Rhodes acknowledged the differences that remain between the United States and Russia on the Syrian crisis . The administration believes al-Assad 's forces have used saran gas at least eight times in the more than two year conflict , said a U.S. Senate sourced briefed on the matter . A boost in support by the United States for the rebels could put at risk the gains made by Syrian forces in recent days , especially in central and northern Syria , with the help of Hezbollah fighters from Iran . In Damascus , an al-Assad loyalist who spoke to CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen said he believes the United States is "  inventing stories " about the government 's use of chemical weapons "  because our army is winning . " McCain : Rebels losing fight The White House announcement comes at a critical time for the Syrian opposition , which has suffered a series of significant losses in recent weeks . Those losses have coincided in large part with the arrival of thousands of Hezbollah Shiite fighters , backed by Lebanon and Iran , to reinforce al-Assad 's forces battling the mainly Sunni uprising . After months of gaining ground , the rebels this month lost Qusayr -- one of their strongholds near the Lebanese border -- which was considered essential for the rebels ' supply route . Until now , the United States has limited its aid to rebels , providing communications equipment , medical supplies and food . Obama signed off on a new package of non-lethal aid in April . That assistance was expected to include body armor , night-vision goggles and other military equipment . Sen. John McCain , who has repeatedly pushed the Obama administration to step up its support for the rebels , told CNN on Friday that they need anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons . Asked whether the rebels were losing the fight , the Arizona Republican said : "  Absolutely , there 's no doubt about it . " He also called for taking out al-Assad 's air assets to create a safe zone for the Syrian opposition . "  I know that we have the military capability to impose a ` no-fly ' zone , to crater their runways and their fixed installations where fuel and parts are , and establish a ` no-fly ' zone with Patriot missiles , " McCain said . "  And if we ca n't do that , then the question ought to be asked to the American taxpayer -- to the Pentagon , ` What in the world are we wasting tens of billions of dollars for defense for if we ca n't even take care of this situation ? ' " McCain said . Rhodes , however , indicated that a "  no-fly " zone was unlikely , saying it would be "  dramatically more difficult and dangerous and costly " to enforce one in Syria compared to the one NATO forces imposed with U.S. backing during Libya 's civil war . Libyan rebels had control of large portions of the country , unlike the Syrian rebels , he noted , and the Libyan military had fewer air-defense systems . He added that a "  no-fly " zone "  is not a silver bullet . " U.S. defense officials are not reviewing any new or updated options for a no-fly zone , two Pentagon sources said . Even if U.S. planes monitored a no-fly zone along the Syrian-Jordanian border , the Syrian regime could attack targets in southern Syria using long range artillery or Scud missiles , a senior Pentagon official said . Syria 's stockpile Syria has long maintained that rebels , not government forces , are behind the use of chemical weapons . It also went to the United Nations with its claims , but al-Assad would not allow U.N. inspectors into the country to try to verify the claims . Analysts believe the Syrian government may have one of the largest stockpiles of chemical weapons in the world . Specifically , the supply is believed to include sarin , mustard and VX gases , which are banned under international law . Syria has denied the allegation . Sarin gas can be hard to detect because it is colorless , odorless and tasteless . It can cause severe injuries -- including blurred vision , convulsions , paralysis and death -- to those exposed to it In recent months , reports have repeatedly surfaced that Syrian forces have moved some of the chemical weapons inventories , possibly because of deteriorating security in the country , raising fears the stockpile could fall into the hands of al Qaeda-linked groups working with the opposition should al-Assad 's government fall . U.S. officials have been closely monitoring Syria 's chemical weapons stockpiles and are certain they remain in the control of al-Assad 's regime , Rhodes said , adding that it would be too dangerous to destroy the chemical weapons stockpiles from afar . As recently as last week , the French foreign minister said sarin gas had been used several times in the Syrian civil war , citing results from test samples in France 's possession . In early May , the head of the U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Syria said that evidence points to the use of sarin by Syrian rebel forces . But the commission later issued a news release saying it "  has not reached conclusive findings as to the use of chemical weapons in Syria by any parties to the conflict . "	President Barack Obama will meet with Russia 's president on Monday A rebel general says he has not been told what type of weapons U.S. will provide The CIA will provide small arms and maybe anti-tank weapons , sources say Syria accuses U.S. of producing a "  statement full of lies " on chemical weapons
A billionaire 's foundation announced Thursday a one-off $ 1 million award to South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu for "  his lifelong commitment to speaking truth to power . " The foundation , which promotes good governance in the continent , was established by Sudan-born billionaire Mo Ibrahim . An anti-apartheid leader and Nobel laureate , Tutu is an outspoken critic on issues affecting the continent and beyond . "  Tutu is and has throughout his life been one of Africa 's great voices for justice , freedom , democracy and responsible , responsive government , " the Mo Ibrahim Foundation said in a statement . "  In everything he stands for , says and does , he displays a consistent determination to give a voice to the voiceless and to speak the uncomfortable truth . " Last month , Tutu reiterated his calls that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and former U.S. President George W. Bush should be "  made to answer " at the International Criminal Court for initiating the 2003 Iraq War . At the time , the two leaders cited Iraq 's ambitions to develop weapons of mass destruction as reasons for the war . No significant caches of chemical or biological weapons were found after the invasion . Tutu was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 , and later chaired South Africa 's reconciliation commission to examine apartheid-era crimes . The London-based foundation also awards an annual $ 5 million prize to a former African head of state who practices good governance . Only a handful of leaders , including former South African President Nelson Mandela , have won the good governance award since it was launched in 2007 . The foundation did not award the prize on certain years , saying there were no qualified candidates .	Tutu has been outspoken on issues affecting the African continent and beyond The Nobel laureate has called for arrests of Tony Blair , George W. Bush for the 2003 Iraq War "  Tutu is ... one of Africa 's great voices for justice , " foundation says
CNN  -- Formula One 's all-conquering Red Bull team announced on Thursday that Swiss Sebastien Buemi will serve as their reserve and test driver for the 2012 season . Buemi will provide back-up for Red Bull 's current pairing of double world champion Sebastian Vettel and Australian Mark Webber . The 23-year-old spent three years with Red Bull 's sister team Toro Rosso , but was dropped by the Italy-based outfit ahead of the forthcoming campaign . "  It 's good to remain with Red Bull for another year and have this opportunity with the world championship-winning team , " Buemi told the sport 's official website . "  I would prefer to be driving at the races of course , but working with Red Bull on the development of their car and providing them with feedback throughout the season is the next best thing . " Buemi finished 15th in the drivers ' standings last season with 15 points , 11 points adrift of his Spanish teammate Jaime Alguersuari . His best finishes in 2011 came at the season-opening Australian Grand Prix and in Hungary , where he finished eighth on both occasions . The 2012 Formula One season will begin with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 18 . Meanwhile , Frenchman Cyril Despres won Thursday 's fifth motorcycle stage of the Dakar Rally , ahead of Spanish rival Marc Coma , to consolidate his overall lead . Despres won the 184km stage to Fiambala in Argentina by one minute 41 seconds from Coma and now has a 9:51 lead over his fellow-KTM rider . In the car section , Qatar 's defending champion Nasser al-Attiyah lost more than 20 minutes after his Hummer overheated , with Mini driver Krzysztof Holowczyc of Poland winning the stage . Holowczyc finished just over a minute ahead of American Remy Gordon with overall leader Stephane Peterhansel back in third . The result means Peterhansel now leads Holowczyc by 4:18 in the standings while al-Attiyah has dropped to eighth place overall , over 50 minutes down on the leader .	Swiss driver Sebastien Buemi will serve as Red Bull 's reserve and test driver in 2012 The 23-year-old had raced for Red Bull 's sister team Toro Rosso since 2009 Buemi will act as back up for two-time champion Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber
CNN  -- Police in Tennessee have arrested the ex-wife and mother of Adam Mayes , the man suspected of kidnapping Jo Ann Bain and her three daughters , state authorities said Tuesday . The mother , 65-year-old Mary Frances Mayes , and the ex-wife , Teresa Ann Mayes , 30 , were arrested Monday , according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation  TBI  . Teresa Mayes has been charged with four counts of especially aggravated kidnapping , while Mary Frances Mayes has been charged with four counts of conspiracy to commit especially aggravated kidnapping . They appeared before a judge Tuesday morning and were being held in the Hardeman County Jail , Deputy court clerk Pat Kirk said . According to an arrest warrant , Teresa Mayes admitted driving a vehicle containing Jo Ann Bain and her three daughters from Hardeman County to Union County , Mississippi . Bain and her oldest daughter , Adrienne , suffered "  serious bodily injury as a result of their removal or confinement , " according to the warrant . Convictions carry possible sentences of 15 to 60 years in prison under Tennessee law . Bond has been set at $ 500,000 for Teresa Mayes , while Mary Frances Mayes ' bond was set at $ 300,000 , Deputy Clerk Rhonda Sipes said . Both women were assigned court-appointed attorneys and are slated to make their next appearance in court on May 22 . The bodies of Jo Ann Bain and her eldest daughter , Adrienne , were found Saturday at a home in Guntown , Mississippi , that has been linked to Adam Mayes , the TBI said . Investigators are are still searching for Adam Mayes and Bain 's two younger daughters , Alexandria Bain , 12 , and Kyliyah Bain , 8 . "  We are absolutely hopeful . Currently that 's what we believe , and we do believe that they are still with Mayes , " said FBI Special Agent Joel Siskovic , addressing whether he thought the two girls are alive . At least 17 law enforcement agencies are involved and hundreds of people are working on the investigation , he said . Siskovic declined to comment on a possible motive in the case and said the focus , for now , should stay on the missing girls . Bobbi Booth , Teresa Mayes ' sister , spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday about Adam Mayes and his relationship with her sister , who she said has mental health problems . "  I 've known Adam for at least 25 years , and he 's always been weird and unusual ... but I never dreamed he would do something like this , " she said . She described him as aggressive and not trustworthy . He beat and threatened to kill her sister , said Booth , who pleaded with him through the interview to him to "  do the right thing . " "  Just let the children go . This has gone on way too far . And we need to figure out what 's going on , and it 's not fair to the children , " she said . Adam Mayes , 35 , is considered armed and dangerous , and authorities have asked for the public 's help in tracking down him and the two girls . In Mississippi , authorities continued to stop and search cars at checkpoints set up to look for them , state Highway Patrol Master Sgt. Johnny Poulos said . "  Everybody is tense , " Peggy Guerry , who lives just a few houses away from the house linked to Mayes in Guntown , told HLN 's Vinnie Politan . "  It 's got everybody around here worried that he 's still in the area , back in the woods or something like that , " she said . Authorities established contact with and tried to interview Mayes soon after the mother and her three daughters were reported missing on April 27 by Jo Ann 's husband in Whiteville , a western Tennessee town of 4,600 people , but Mayes fled , Siskovic told CNN affiliate WPTY . He was last seen May 1 in Guntown , the same northern Mississippi town where the bodies were found . Details have n't been released as to how or exactly when they died . The TBI late last week issued an Amber Alert asking for the public 's help in finding the Bain sisters and for information leading to Mayes ' arrest . Local , state and federal law enforcement 's focus is now in Union County , Mississippi , where Guntown is located , but authorities have also pointed out that Mayes has connections to Texas , North Carolina , South Carolina and Florida and could be en route to Arizona . Mayes may be using the alias of Christopher Zachery Wylde or Paco Rodrigass , his Facebook profile name , the FBI said Monday . Rick Foster , whose wife was a lifelong friend of Jo Ann Bain and whose daughter was a classmate of Adrienne Bain , recently told CNN that Mayes had been a friend of the Bain family for years . Mayes lived about 90 miles away in Mississippi , Foster said , but would stay with the Bains when he was in the Whiteville area . He described Mayes as "  a big kid in a grown man 's body . " Mary Patterson , Mayes ' landlord in Alpine , Mississippi , told WPTY that she thought he was a "  kind " and "  fun guy . " "  If somebody told me this , I would have never believed it , " she said . Authorities describe Mayes as a white man who has blue eyes and brown hair , weighs about 175 pounds and stands 6-foot-3 . He recently cut his own hair and may have done the same to the missing children , according to the Amber Alert . As for the Bains , Foster described the marriage between Jo Ann and her husband , Gary , as "  perfect " and said the family had planned to move to Arizona once the school year ended . The FBI and U.S. Marshals Service are offering a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to Mayes ' arrest and to the missing girls . CNN 's Vivian Kuo , Stephanie Gallman and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Former sister-in-law describes the suspect as aggressive , "  weird and unusual " A FBI special agent says he is hopeful the two missing girls are alive Jo Ann Bain and her oldest daughter were found dead in Mississippi last week Police are searching for suspect Adam Mayes and the other two girls
CNN  Supermodel Carmen Dell ` Orefice 's latest magazine cover celebrates the beauty and longevity of a modeling career that has spanned nearly 70 years . After posing for Salvador Dali at 13 and for her first Vogue cover at 15 , Dell ` Orefice recently told New You magazine that she 's actually worked more in the past 25 years than ever before . "  I had a very respectable career but I did n't have a specific look , " said Dell ` Orefice . "  I was a chameleon . " "  Fortunately , there was always somebody who knew I was good when I showed up , was responsible , not temperamental , and could do the job well , " she said . "  Today I am in a territory that business considers unmarketable : age and white hair . Slowly , however , I started to own that territory little by little because I stood up for age . " Plus-size models give SI 's swimsuit edition more curves The cover of New You 's spring issue features Dell ` Orefice , still sporting striking cheekbones and a full mane of silver hair , looking timelessly elegant in black and pearls . "  Carmen is the embodiment of being able to do anything you want no matter what age you are , " said Ruchel Louis Coetzee , co-executive editor of New You , which targets women ages 35 and older . "  She defies age . " What Dell ` Orefice does , Coetzee said , is listen to her body and take care of it , so she can do whatever she wants to do . A woman turning age 65 today can expect to live , on average , until age 86 . In a world where people are living longer , it makes sense for magazines to target older women . That may be why some advertisers are following suit . Oscar winner Helen Mirren , 69 , and longtime model Twiggy  real name Lesley Lawson  , 65 , are both modeling for L'Oreal Paris . Actress is first model with Down syndrome in NY Fashion Week	Carmen Dell ` Orefice got her first Vogue cover at age 15 She just snagged her latest magazine cover at age 83 "  I am in a territory that business considers unmarketable : age and white hair "
CNN  -- There 's a photo of the Jackson family on the cover of the September 24 , 1971 , issue of Life magazine . In it , Joseph and Katherine Jackson stand at the foot of a set of stairs , their star children -- known as the Jackson 5 -- arrayed behind them . The Jackson brothers , here in the 1970s , were driven to be great by their father , Joseph . They appear to be the all-American clan , gold records arranged behind them , the boys loose and smiling , the parents more awkward and serious in their demeanor . Over the years , that façade crumbled . The brothers bickered ; some made accusations of abuse . But the group remained tight-knit through crises , including Thursday 's tragedy , when Michael Jackson collapsed at his house and later died at UCLA Medical Center . The journey began with music in Gary , Indiana . Joseph Jackson , the patriarch , played in a short-lived band called the Falcons  no relation to the Detroit-based group featuring Wilson Pickett  in the 1950s . His primary job , however , was as a crane operator at U.S. Steel . Katherine Jackson , the musical and devoutly religious woman who he married in 1949 , tended to the couple 's large family : Rebbie , Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , La Toya , Marlon , Michael and Randy , all born between 1950 and 1961 . Daughter Janet arrived in 1966 . By that time , the three oldest boys -- Jackie , Tito and Jermaine -- had started their own group , which Marlon and Michael eventually joined . Joseph Jackson saw a chance for his sons to have the musical career he 'd found elusive . Joseph Jackson admitted being a harsh taskmaster . He drove his sons hard , forcing them to rehearse with a James Brown-like intensity . He was n't above emphasizing his feelings to his seventh child , Michael . "  My father teased me and I just hated it and I cried every day , " Michael told Oprah Winfrey in 1993 . He said his father also beat him : "  He was very strict , very hard , very stern . ... There 's been times when he 'd come to see me , I 'd get sick , I 'd start to regurgitate . " He quickly said , imagining his father 's reaction , "  Please do n't be mad at me . " Joseph Jackson disputed the word "  beat , " but did n't question Michael 's account . "  I whipped him with a switch and a belt , " he told the BBC in 2003 . He added , "  I never beat him . You beat someone with a stick . " In a 2005 interview with CNN 's Larry King , Jermaine defended his father 's actions . "  We grew up like any other black family . You did something , you got your butt tore up , and it was n't tore up , it was just , you got a spanking , " he said . "  I will say this . He kept us off of the streets . He kept us away from drugs . He kept us away from gangs and ... we 've been able to project a talent out there and have the support of strong people to entertain the world . " By 1968 , when Michael turned 10 , the Jackson 5 was a professional musical machine . They 'd won an Apollo Theater talent night the previous year and were working the "  chitlin circuit " of black clubs when producer Bobby Taylor urged Motown to sign the group . Motown founder Berry Gordy was impressed and made them "  the last big stars to come off my assembly line , " according to a biography on the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Web site . The group shot out of the gate with four No. 1 hits and gained a huge fan base , along with an animated TV show . But success took its toll , particularly when it was n't so easy to come by . In the mid-1970s , the band -- minus Jermaine , who 'd married Gordy 's daughter Hazel -- moved to Epic Records , where they were produced by the Philadelphia soul-funk team of Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff . The two remember nothing but good times from the sessions , which produced two albums and the Top 10 hit "  Enjoy Yourself . " "  It was a collaboration , " Gamble said . "  They all participated in creating . Tito was a great guitarist -- they were all great musicians . " Huff said he visited the Jackson compound during a trip to California and remembered a warm family setting , complete with a "  fantastic meal " cooked by Katherine Jackson . "  I 've got nothing but respect for the father , " added Gamble . "  He 's a great man . He made something out of nothing . " Even during that era , however , Michael was standing out . Gamble and Huff recalled him taking a keen interest in recording technology and the way he sounded . Going solo with Quincy Jones producing , as he did in 1979 , was the right move , Gamble and Huff said . The family dynamics kept changing as the siblings grew older . After Michael 's "  Thriller " became the biggest album of all time , the brothers -- including Jermaine -- regrouped for a new album , "  Victory , " and accompanying tour . But Michael , now the undisputed draw , disagreed with some of the tour plans and ended up donating his earnings to charity . Michael 's brightened spotlight boosted the careers of his siblings ; even Rebbie had a hit . But it was Janet who broke out with the most success , including the No. 1 singles "  Miss You Much , " "  Black Cat " and "  Again " in the 1980s and '90s . With the increased interest in the Jacksons came tabloid scrutiny of the family 's every move . When La Toya appeared nude in Playboy magazine , the story made headlines . She later criticized Michael and was on the outs for several years . Jermaine put out a song called "  Word to the Badd , " an attack on Michael , in 1991 ; he later changed the lyrics . Janet 's relationships were probed in detail , as were the brothers ' marriages . And Michael , of course , was seen as increasingly eccentric , his personality overwhelming his music . But for all their own bickering , the family closed ranks when a member was attacked . In 1992 , Jermaine co-produced "  The Jacksons : An American Dream , " a TV miniseries based on Katherine Jackson 's memoir , which chronicled their rise to stardom . When Michael faced molestation allegations in the early '90s and was tried in 2005 , the family rallied around . "  The Jackson family was groomed to be a team , " said Linda Johnson Rice , president and CEO of Ebony and Jet magazines ' Johnson Publishing and a longtime family friend . "  As you can see through their performances , they were always there for each other . " In recent years , La Toya has appeared on the reality shows "  Armed and Famous " and the UK "  Celebrity Big Brother . " She originally had a scene in the forthcoming Sacha Baron Cohen movie , "  Bruno , " but CNN confirmed the scene has been cut , "  out of respect for Jackson 's family , " the studio told The  UK  Guardian . Jermaine , who converted to Islam and changed his name to Muhammad Abdul-Aziz , appeared on "  Celebrity Big Brother " in 2007 . Jackie runs a record label , Tito remains involved in the music business , and according to a 2008 article in the New York Post , Marlon and Randy have struggled financially . In the hospital emergency room Thursday , Randy and Jermaine were witnessed hugging and crying over their late brother . "  We 're a family , " Jermaine told Larry King in the 2005 interview . "  We 're no different than any other family who has feuds and problems . ... But at the same time , we 're united , and we have a united front that is very , very strong , and it 's supported by God . "  My mother and father did a great job in instilling the morals and principles in us from the very beginning . We feel that with that , that 's all you need to go through life . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this article .	Jackson family has been in spotlight along with Michael Father Joseph was a sometimes rough taskmaster Siblings have been in news for relationships , intrafamily bickering But group closes ranks when member is in trouble , as happened with Michael
"  Thar he blows ! " In a scene straight out of Moby Dick , a rare white whale is back and putting on a show for his fans off the eastern coast of Australia this week . First spotted on Tuesday , the albino humpback has been nicknamed "  Migaloo " by researchers who track his movements . On Thursday he was seen swimming along Sydney 's coast on his annual migration . This is the third year in a row he 's been spotted . Albino whales are rare and Migaloo is one of only a small handful of documented all-white humpback adults , according to Oskar Peterson , who runs a website that tracks sightings of white whales around the globe . "  We have photos of a junior Migaloo from a few years ago , but we have n't seen him since so we do n't know if he survived the South Ocean , " said Peterson . "  But there is a 100 % white whale we 've seen photographic proof of in Norway , so Migaloo is n't quite as unique as we once thought . " Migaloo was first seen in 1991 when he was a juvenile and researchers believe he is now in his 20s . He does n't show up every year , but his journey is part of the humpbacks ' annual migration from the Antarctic to their breeding grounds along the Great Barrier Reef . "  The helicopter crews are all out photographing him today , " said Oskar Peterson . "  He 's giving us all quite a parade this year . " Migaloo passed by Cronulla in Sydney 's south on Thursday afternoon and would soon be seen by whale watchers at Bondi Beach , Peterson said . Spotters of the whale are sharing sightings , photos and video at his Twitter account , Migaloo1 . Male humpbacks can travel up to 140 kilometers  87 miles  a day during their migration , according to experts . Researchers warn fans to steer clear -- at least 500 meters away at all times -- to ensure the whale 's survival . Too much noise and chasing can disturb him and cause him to use precious energy he needs for migration . But whale watchers may be able to enjoy Migaloo for decades . Humpback whales are believed to survive as long as 90 years in the wild . Rare goblin shark was n't the only thing that surfaced What devoured this great white shark ? One-ton shark headed to Texas coast	One of world 's only known albino humpbacks is spotted off Australia Nicknamed "  Migaloo , " the whale 's movements are being tracked by researchers Migaloo was first seen in 1991 as a juvenile , experts say This is the third year in a row he 's been spotted
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- NASA 's launch of the Mars Science Laboratory -- hampered by technical difficulties and cost overruns -- has been delayed until the fall of 2011 , NASA officials said at a news conference Thursday in Washington . A photo illustration of a laser-equipped vehicle that is set to be part of the Mars Science Laboratory . The mission had been scheduled for launch in the fall of 2009 . The Mars Science Lab is a large , nuclear-powered rover designed to traverse long distances with a suite of onboard scientific instruments aboard . It is , according to NASA 's Web site , part of a "  long-term effort of robotic exploration " established to "  study the early environmental history of Mars " and assess whether Mars has ever been -- or still is -- able to sustain life . The delay of the launch , according to NASA , is due to a number of "  testing and hardware challenges that must  still  be addressed to ensure mission success . " "  The progress in recent weeks has not come fast enough on solving technical challenges and pulling hardware together , " said Charles Elachi , director of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . Changing to a 2011 launch "  will allow for careful resolution of any remaining technical problems , proper and thorough testing , and avoid a mad dash to launch , " argued NASA Associate Administrator Ed Weiler . The overall cost of the Mars Science Lab is now projected to be roughly $ 2.1 billion , according to NASA spokesman Dwayne Browne . The project originally carried a price tag of $ 1.6 billion . NASA 's entire budget for the current fiscal year , according to Browne , is approximately $ 15 billion . According to NASA , the Mars rover will use new technologies and be engineered to explore greater distances over rougher terrain than previous missions to the planet . This will be done in part by employing a new surface propulsion system . "  Failure is not an option on this mission , " Weiler said . "  The science is too important and the investment of American taxpayer dollars compels us to be absolutely certain that we have done everything possible to ensure the success of this flagship planetary mission . " Weiler asserted that , based on the agency 's preliminary evaluations , additional costs tied to the delay of the Science Lab launch would not result in the cancellation of other NASA programs over the next two years . He did , however , concede that it would result in other unspecified program delays . Critics have charged that the delay and cost overruns associated with the Mars Science Lab are indicative of an agency that is plagued by a lack of accountability and inefficiency in terms of its management of both time and taxpayer dollars . "  The Mars Science Laboratory is only the latest symptom of a NASA culture that has lost control of spending , " wrote Alan Stern , a former NASA associate administrator , in a November 24 op-ed in the New York Times . "  A cancer is overtaking our space agency : the routine acquiescence to immense cost increases in projects . " Stern charged that the agency 's cost overruns are being fueled by "  managers who disguise the size of cost increases that missions incur " and "  members of Congress who accept steep increases to protect local jobs . " Browne replied in a written statement saying that NASA administrators are "  constantly working to improve  the agency 's  cost-estimating capabilities . ... We continually review our projects to understand the true risk in terms of performance , cost and schedule . " "  The fact of life at NASA , where we are charged with creating first-of-a-kind missions of scientific discovery , is that estimating the costs of ... science can be almost as difficult as actually doing the science , " Browne said . NASA 's most recent Mars project -- the mission of the Phoenix Mars Lander -- came to an end last month after the solar-powered vehicle 's batteries ran down as the result of a dust storm and the onset of Martian winter . It had operated two months beyond its initial three-month mission . NASA officials had landed the vehicle on an arctic plain after satellite observations indicated there were vast quantities of frozen water in that area , most likely in the form of permafrost . They thought such a location would be a promising place to look for organic chemicals that would signal a habitable environment . Scientists were able to verify the presence of water-ice in the Martian subsurface , find small concentrations of salts that could be nutrients for life , and observe snow descending from the clouds , NASA said Thursday .	NASA 's launch of the Mars Science Laboratory delayed until 2011 Mars Science Lab is a large rover designed to traverse long distances Delay is due to a number of "  testing and hardware challenges " Overall cost of Mars Science Lab now projected to be roughly $ 2.1 billion
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- One of two Taiwanese nationals injured in a shooting at a popular Old Delhi , India , tourist site remained in critical condition Monday after doctors removed a bullet from his abdomen , a hospital official said . Amit Banerjee , the medical superintendent of the hospital where the two tourists were being treated , added the other tourist is expected to be discharged soon . Meanwhile , the U.S. and Australian governments have issued safety advisories to their citizens after the shooting on Sunday . And two of India 's largest cities -- Delhi and Mumbai -- are on red alert . Gunmen on a motorcycle fired multiple rounds at a tour bus , Karnail Singh of Delhi police told CNN sister network CNN-IBN on Sunday . "  One of the bullets grazed the head of one tourist and one has been hit in the stomach , " Singh said . India 's tourism minister , Kumari Selja , downplayed Sunday 's shooting as a "  stray " event aimed at creating panic . "  This attack on tourists shows desperation of those elements who want to create panic in the society by attacking innocent people , " Selja said , according to a statement from her ministry . "  Investigation agencies are at work " to apprehend the culprits , she said . India , she insisted , is a safe destination for tourists . Police , who continue the search for the suspects , said they think the attack is more likely to be the work of a criminal gang than a terror attack . The attack comes two weeks before the Commonwealth Games , which are expected to draw large crowds to the city . Thousands of athletes from around the world will converge on the city October 3 for the multi-sport event that is held every four years . "  U.S. citizens are urged to always practice good security , maintain a heightened situational awareness and a low profile , " the U.S. Embassy posted on its website . "  U.S. citizens are advised to monitor local news reports and consider the level of security present when visiting public places , including religious sites . " The message follows a travel alert issued earlier this month about the Commonwealth Games in general : "  The U.S. Mission in India alerts U.S. citizens traveling to or residing in India to safety and security issues related to the 2010 Commonwealth Games scheduled to be held in New Delhi , India , between October 3 and October 14 , 2010 , especially in light of the worldwide caution issued by the Department of State on August 12 , 2010 , regarding the continuing threat of terrorist actions and violence against U.S. citizens and interests throughout the world . " Athletes from more than 70 countries in Africa , North and South America , Asia , Europe , the Caribbean island nations and the South Pacific region are expected to take part in the games , which feature such sporting events as basketball , archery , table tennis , squash , badminton , bowling , gymnastics and swimming . On Monday , Australia warned its citizens in a travel advisory that the event carries a "  high risk of terrorism . " "  Australians in New Delhi should be aware that the Commonwealth Games will be held in a security environment where there is a high risk of terrorism , " the advisory said . It added that New Delhi has seen at least 14 major terrorist attacks since 2000 in public places , such as markets and train stations . Police in New Delhi insist Sunday 's shooting was not targeted at the games . "  It was a local mischief , " police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said Monday . Security has , however , been stepped up in the Indian capital , he added . "  We assure full security not only for the games but also for the city , " Bhagat said . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	The U.S. and Australia issue safety advisories before the Commonweath Games Gunmen on a motorcycle fired multiple shots at a tour bus , striking two Taiwanese tourists Tourism official : India is a safe destination for visitors
CNN  -- Is she or is n't she ? People magazine is not citing the source in its report that Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling are expecting a baby in October . Given the fact that the pair have been less than public about their reported romantic relationship , it 's no surprise that neither has commented or confirmed the report . But the Internet do n't need no stinking official confirmation . There was much weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth over the news that one of Hollywood 's most desired male stars may soon be a father . "  HE WROTE HER 365 LETTERS PEOPLE . It 's over . #babymendes is here to stay and ruin our lives . #TheNotebook #gosbaby , " one fan tweeted . And of course there were memes . "  This is happening in real life , you guys . #EvaMendes is carrying #RyanGosling 's #baby ! #HeyGirl , " one meme said with a picture of Gosling and Mendes and a baby from their film "  The Place Beyond the Pines . " Even celebs got in on the fun . Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted "  Congrats to @RyanGosling and @EvaMendes ! That 's going to be the most beautiful , bilingual , part-superhero , well-dressed , romantic baby ever . " Your move , Eva and Ryan . Mila Kunis to men : Stop saying you 're pregnant Another Kardashian to keep up with Giuliana and Bill Rancic reveal miscarriage	People magazine reports the couple is expecting Neither Gosling nor Mendes has commented The Internet had fun with the report
CNN  -- With more teams than ever playing at football 's Euro 2016 , the chances of a powerhouse not qualifying are even slimmer than before . But the expanded field -- from 16 to 24 -- means there could be a few debutants in France in two years . Sunday 's qualifying draw did n't produce a group of death , and the likes of two-time reigning champions Spain , the consistent Germans and always dangerous Italy should n't be sweating it out come the end of qualifying . Spain landed in a group with Ukraine , Luxembourg , Belarus , Macedonia and Slovakia -- and of the latter quintet , only Ukraine features in the top 50 in the FIFA world rankings . Instead of simply the group winner and best second-place finisher automatically qualifying , now the top two in the nine groups and best third-place finisher will automatically progress . The playoffs decide the final four places . Gibraltar , population 30,000 and about to embark on its first qualifying campaign , drew the mighty Germans along with Ireland , Poland , Scotland and Georgia . England was paired with , among others , Switzerland -- the nation England boss Roy Hodgson used to guide . As host , France is guaranteed a berth in the tournament but will be placed in a group where it will essentially play friendlies . In this case , Les Bleus can look forward to facing Cristiano Ronaldo 's Portugal . "  Now we know the 10 games we have to play , " France coach Didier Deschamps was quoted as saying by UEFA . "  It 's pretty good to play a team like Portugal , as they will be prestigious matches . " UEFA president Michel Platini said Germany and England were two of the three member associations who opposed increasing the Euro 2016 field but the Frenchman was n't fussed . He did n't name the other member association against the move . "  In any democracy , when the vast majority are in favor , you go forward with it even if England or Germany are n't for it , " he told reporters this week . "  The five or six biggest teams do n't have much to worry about , but for the others it will be very competitive . "  So 24 teams will be as good as 16 teams . " In another change , teams contesting two matches in one qualifying round will either play on a Thursday and Sunday , Friday and Monday or Saturday and Tuesday as part of UEFA 's "  week of football " initiative . Currently , international matches are mostly played on Fridays and Tuesdays . "  It was a political decision , " Platini , a former European footballer of the year , said . "  We took it to try and promote the football of national teams . "  Clubs play on almost every day of the week and as a result , international football has been pushed out of the limelight and we would like to see it take that limelight again . " Qualifying starts in September , two months after the World Cup in Brazil concludes . Full draw : Group A : Netherlands , Czech Republic Turkey , Latvia , Iceland , Kazakhstan Group B : Bosnia-Herzegovina , Belgium , Israel , Wales , Cyprus , Andorra Group C : Spain , Ukraine , Slovakia , Belarus , FYR Macedonia , Luxembourg Group D : Germany , Ireland , Poland , Scotland , Georgia , Gibraltar Group E : England , Switzerland , Slovenia , Estonia , San Marino , Lithuania Group F : Greece , Hungary , Romania , Finland , Northern Ireland , Faroe Islands Group G : Russia , Sweden , Austria , Montenegro , Moldova , Liechtenstein Group H : Italy , Croatia , Norway , Bulgaria , Azerbaijan , Malta Group I : Portugal , Denmark , Serbia , Armenia , Albania , France  host	UEFA conducts the draw for Euro 2016 qualifying in Nice on Sunday The tournament in France will expand to 24 from the usual 16 teams Defending champion Spain in a group that includes Ukraine and Slovakia Michel Platini says Germany and England did n't want to increase the field
CNN  -- Jeremiah Pauley remembers all too vividly the moment that shrapnel from a roadside bomb in Iraq tore into his body and left his right arm dangling uselessly . Despite being seriously wounded , the Staff Sergeant was still yelling orders to alert others to the danger , but it was already too late and one of his men had died . The shock kicked in . "  There was not a lot of pain , I was drifting in and out of consciousness and someone was tapping me on the forehead to tell me to keep awake , " he tells CNN . Pauley had been leading an 18-strong patrol of the United States First Armored Division in the city of Tal Afar when he was hit by the blast . "  I was taken to a field hospital in Mosul -- laying there in my hospital bed with this contraption on my arm , " he recalls . Pauley was presented with his Purple Heart and then shipped out to Germany and eventually home to the U.S. . As a result of his injuries , Pauley 's army career was over and he was given a medical discharge . ` Helplessness ' Coming to terms with that life-changing event was tough enough , but it was the "  survivor 's guilt " that played tricks with his mind and mental state . Private First Class Jody Missildine of Plant City , Florida , just 19 years of age , had died that day , April 8 , 2006 and Pauley blamed himself . "  I was just racked with guilt , in the sense that I failed as a leader and take responsibility for what happened . " Pauley was in a bad place . His marriage would eventually break down . "  It 's a big challenge for returning veterans to learn how to integrate with their families , " he admits . Now 38 , he has two children , and his youngest -- his daughter -- was born five months after he was injured . "  I battled three or four years of just helplessness , anxiety and depression , until I was introduced to the Wounded Warriors Project , " Pauley says . Aimed at helping injured service members , and raising awareness in the community , it brought him together with Norbie Lara -- who also joined the army in the mid-1990s and who was also seriously wounded on duty . "  He had such a positive attitude and he really encouraged me to turn my life around , " Pauley says . Lara 's arm had been severed when a rocket-propelled grenade pierced the armor plating of his vehicle . He suffered other life-threatening injuries , and a lacerated liver , spending months in the Walter Read Army Medical Center in Washington where Pauley would be sent two years later . "  I remember I woke up from my coma and essentially thinking this is not really how I want to live , " Lara tells CNN . "  I did n't want to live , and for the first time in my life I was scared . " The power of golf Like Pauley , his army days were over and with discharge came the same sense of helplessness and loss . Lara also found support and renewed sense of purpose after being introduced to the Wounded Warrior project . By chance , he was given his first set of golf clubs and the opportunity to have a go at the game , despite his disability . "  I played horribly , but I connected perfectly with just one shot -- just one shot and I was hooked , " he recalls . "  I 've loved the game ever since and used it as a vital tool to aid my recovery . " Pauley had also dabbled with the game before his life-changing incident and , like Lara , has found some inner peace while walking the 18 holes of his local courses in northern California . But like a lot of amateur golfers , he suffers from a common problem . "  I had a terrible slice and now with the injury to my right arm , I still have a slice ! " On Monday , slice or no slice , both will be hoping to take their "  A game " to a nationwide tournament which has the express purpose of raising money for the Wounded Warriors charity . The World 's Largest Golf Outing  WLGO  is the brain child of legendary golfer Billy Casper 's organization and its CEO , Peter Hill . This year more than 150 courses in the United States will be used for an event with an expected 15,000 entrants , all playing in teams of four . Unlike conventional tournaments , the prizes are reserved for the participants who raise the most money for the Warriors , not those with the lowest scores . WLGO has raised over $ 1 million for veterans since starting four years ago , and is rapidly expanding . "  We 've hit a chord within the golfing community , " Hill tells CNN . "  Americans are passionate about assisting these brave individuals . " Finding closure Pauley will be playing at Lincoln Hills in California , where he will be pressed into speaking duties before the tournament starts . A regular on the dais at veterans ' days , he eloquently espouses their cause and the benefits of Wounded Warriors . What happened that fateful day in Iraq changed his life forever , and it was only last year that he was able to exorcise some of the demons and guilt about the death of his colleague PFC Missildine . Missildine 's family invited Pauley to visit and pay his respects , something he had been unable to do in 2006 because he was in hospital recovering from his injuries . Pauley recalled in his personal blog the moment he first saw Missildine 's grave site , writing : "  I was cold , nearly shivering . I stood and saluted him while tears rolled down my face . "  My first thought was that I wished I was in the ground instead of him ... But at that instant I was overcome with a hot burning sensation and I realized Jody would n't want me to think like that ... "  I promised him that it would n't be another seven years before I came back . I stood and saluted him one final time and walked away . " Lara , who works full-time for Wounded Warriors , will perform similar speaking duties at 1757 Golf Club in Dulles , Virginia before showing off his golfing skills . "  I usually break a hundred . I 've found my own technique , " he says . "  The furthest I 've ever hit a drive is 280 yards , I normally strike it out about 230 . " Breaking down barriers Lara is thankful for his every moment after his near brush with death , and always thankful to Wounded Warriors from rescuing him from the depths of despair . The project was formed in 2003 to give support to wounded U.S. service personnel since the events of September 11 , 2001 . Nearly 40,000 veterans and their families have benefited from its various programs and fundraising efforts . The WLGO 's association has proved the perfect fit , and Hill believes golf is also benefiting from opening up its courses to people who might not normally be attracted to the sport . Competitors pay a standard green fee and $ 10 donation to Wounded Warriors to play prestigious courses and to get a taste for the game . "  It 's broken down the some of the barriers to people who want to play golf , particularly women , who are worried about too many rules and too much protocol , " Hill says . He has big ambitions for the concept and is even considering an expansion outside of the United States . "  I see no reason why we could not play on thousands of courses , on a Monday each year in August , with hundreds of thousand of golfers coming to support their heroes and to raise millions of dollars in a day . " Having already presented a check for $ 735,000 in January , Hill hopes this year 's fundraising will break through the $ 1 million mark . "  It 's a great way to raise money and awareness for the Warriors , " Lara says . He plays most weekends , sometimes with other veterans , enjoying the solitude and the chance to talk , share experiences . "  You ca n't have a bad day on a golf course , " says the 41-year-old . "  Being a Warrior you want to compete whatever the event , still up for the challenge . "	World 's Largest Golf Outing held at 150-plus courses in the United States Event raises money for the Wounded Warriors project Several wounded veterans take part in the competition Golf has helped them to come to terms with their injuries
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday federal regulators have the authority to clamp down on the broadcast TV networks that air isolated cases of profanity , known as "  fleeting expletives . " The Supreme Court ruled federal regulators can stop TV networks from airing profanity . The 5-4 vote was a victory for Bush-era officials who pushed fines and sanctions when racy images and language reached the airwaves . Controversial words have been aired in scripted and unscripted instances on all the major over-the-air networks in the past six years -- dating back to when the Federal Communications Commission began considering a stronger , no-tolerance policy . "  It suffices the new policy is permissible under the statute , there are good reasons for it , and the agency believes it to be better , " said Justice Antonin Scalia , writing for the conservative majority . The high court , however , refused to decide whether the commission 's policy violates the First Amendment guarantee of free speech , only the agency 's enforcement power . The justices ordered the free-speech aspect to be reviewed again by a federal appeals court . ABC , CBS , NBC and Fox were parties in the case . A federal appeals court in New York had ruled in their favor , calling the commission 's policy "  arbitrary and capricious . " The commission then appealed to the Supreme Court , seeking restoration of its power to penalize the networks airing "  indecent " speech , even if it is broadcast only one time , and even if it does not describe a specific sex act . The high court agreed to some extent . "  Even when used as an expletive , the F-word 's power to insult and offend derives from its sexual meaning , " wrote Scalia . Such language is heard with greater , albeit varying frequency on cable television , the Internet , and satellite radio , which do not use public airwaves . But the federal government is charged with responding to viewer complaints when "  indecent " language reaches broadcast television and radio , which is subject to greater regulation . That is especially relevant during daytime and early evening hours , when larger numbers of families and younger viewers may be watching . The FCC 's acting chairman , Michael Copps , called Tuesday 's ruling a "  a big win for America 's families . " The commission formally reversed its policy in March 2004 to declare even a single use of an expletive could be illegal . The changes became known as the "  Golden Globes Rule , " for singer Bono 's 2003 acceptance speech at the awards show on NBC , where he uttered the phrase "  really , really , f -- ing brilliant . " The commission specifically cited celebrities Cher and Nicole Richie for potty-mouth language in the 2002 and 2003 Billboard Music Awards , which aired on Fox . Richie , in an apparent scripted moment said , "  Have you ever tried to get cow s -- t out of a Prada purse ? It 's not so f -- ing simple . " The complaint against ABC involved "  NYPD Blue , " a now-canceled scripted police drama , and the CBS ' complaint involved "  The Early Show , " a news and interview program . Enforcement of the law had been put on hold while the case was being argued . In dissent , Justice John Paul Stevens said "  customs of speech " and context made the Federal Communications Commission 's position unworkable . "  As any golfer who has watched his partner shank a short approach knows , it would be absurd to accept the suggestion that the resultant four-letter word uttered on the golf course describes sex or excrement and is therefore indecent , " he wrote . "  But that is the absurdity the FCC has embraced in its new approach to indecency . " And Stevens wondered why the agency was going after words that he said had a "  tenuous relationship " to sex and bodily functions , while at the same time prime-time commercials "  frequently ask viewers whether they , too , are battling erectile dysfunction or are having trouble going to the bathroom . " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg made clear how she viewed the broader free speech questions the high court may be forced to confront in coming years . "  There is no way to hide the long shadow the First Amendment casts over what the commission has done , " she wrote . The Supreme Court first ventured into the broadcast speech debate in 1978 , when it ruled as indecent a monologue by comedian George Carlin on society 's taboo surrounding "  seven dirty words . " The bit had received some radio airplay . Stevens , 89 , was the author of that opinion . Justice Clarence Thomas sided with his fellow conservatives on the narrow question presented to the court , but noted the changing landscape of television since Stevens ' 31-year-old ruling . He said that and other high court precedents "  were unconvincing when they were issued , and the passage of time has only increased doubt regarding their continued validity . " He questioned the communication commission 's underlying authority as a "  deep intrusion into the First Amendment rights of broadcasters . " And he noted the four networks no longer have a virtual monopoly on television content . "  For most consumers , traditional broadcast media programming is now bundled with cable or satellite services , " he said , but the Federal Communications Commission 's authority extends only to over-the-air television and radio content . Conservative and family groups called Tuesday 's ruling an "  incredible victory . " "  We implore the broadcast networks to abide by today 's court 's ruling rather than to pursue a path of attempted obstruction with countless legal maneuverings , " said Tim Winter , president of the Parents Television Council , which monitors content on the airwaves . "  And we encourage the FCC to use today 's opinion to break the indecency complaint logjam , and rule on the merits of the tens of thousands of indecency complaints currently awaiting review at the commission . " There was no immediate reaction from the broadcast networks , but groups representing the artistic and creative community expressed displeasure . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on indecency on television "  Today 's decision is extremely disappointing , " said Andrew Jay Schwartzman , head of the Media Access Project . "  We remain hopeful that the FCC 's restrictive policies will ultimately be declared unconstitutional , but there will be several more years of uncertainty , and impaired artistic expression , while the lower courts address the First Amendment issues which the court chose not to confront today . " Time Warner -- the parent company of CNN -- filed a friend of the court brief supporting the networks fined by the communications commission . The company is part owner of the CW broadcast network , and operates several cable networks . The case is FCC v. Fox Television Stations  07-582  .	NEW : FCC 's acting chairman calls ruling "  a big win for America 's families " NEW : Thomas sides with majority , but questions FCC 's "  underlying authority " NEW : Media Access Project head warns of "  impaired artistic expression " Supreme Court ruled 5-4 federal regulators can clamp down on "  fleeting expletives "
CNN  -- The tornado-ravaged city of Joplin , Missouri , is an authentic American crossroads , a truck stop and regional mecca with a rich mining heritage that straddles a cultural vein linking the Great Plains and the Ozarks . Hugging Missouri 's southwestern border , Joplin is bigger and more influential than the dot on the U.S. map may indicate , and really ca n't be defined without recognizing its importance as a hub , its current and former residents say . The city numbers about 50,000 , its two-county metro area in Missouri is about 175,000 , and thousands more people live in neighboring regions of Kansas , Arkansas , and Oklahoma . In fact , the city says , there are about 400,000 people in a 40-mile radius of the city , making it Missouri 's fourth-largest region . It is inextricably tied -- economically and culturally -- to the smaller communities around it , as people in nearby hamlets travel to Joplin for employment , medical care , a movie on Friday night , or a late night stopover on a journey . And , Joplinites have jobs in other towns outside the city . "  It 's easy to look at us and say we 're this little hillbilly town in southwest Missouri , " said Virginia Laas , professor of history emeritus at Missouri Southern State University . "  I think it 's unfair . " Founded in the late 19th century , the Joplin area and neighboring parts of Kansas and Oklahoma constituted a major center of zinc and lead mining , starting out with individual operators and followed by bigger companies . "  There 's is a real spirit of individualism , " Laas said , describing the mining industry 's legacy . "  Taking care of yourself and doing for yourself . " It 's a town with names that ring through American history , Joplin was a hideout for Bonnie and Clyde and their gang in the 1930s and the birthplace of African-American poet Langston Hughes . The mining industry and the gritty world of the 19th and 20th centuries have faded away and the region has been making the transition to different white-collar and blue-collar industries . But Jared Roll , a native of nearby Mount Vernon , Missouri , and now a history professor at the University of Sussex in England , said the character of the town is strongly linked with the tri-state mining region . Roll said the town 's "  hardscrabble qualities " give Joplin "  a wonderful sense of character , a wonderful sense of community , of local meaning . " "  It 's quite surprising that it has remained as large as it is , " he said . Trucking is a major industry in the region , and highways such as Interstate 44 and U.S. 71 carry drivers to and from big cities like St. Louis , Kansas City , Tulsa , Oklahoma , and Little Rock , Arkansas . Another major place of industry is Missouri Southern State University , a revered institution spared by the tornado . But as in many American towns , people get an education at a place like Missouri Southern , and then they head out . "  We 'd give young people from the area the tools to leave , " said Larry Cebula , a history professor at Eastern Washington University who used to teach at Missouri Southern . "  It 's the truth . A really bright young person with a college education would head off to Kansas City , Tulsa , St. Louis . " The hospitals are another major industry . There 's Freeman Health System , which dodged the tornado bullet , and St. John 's Regional Medical Center , which got slammed . "  It seems that most of the jobs requiring college education have to do with teaching , medical , " said Lori Bogle , a history professor at the U.S. Naval Academy who got her bachelor 's degree at Missouri Southern . "  This is going to be a real blow . " There are other industries in and around Joplin : One is EaglePicher Technologies in Joplin , which designs and makes batteries and battery management systems for the defense and aerospace industries . "  EaglePicher 's batteries helped bring the crew of the Apollo 13 home safely , " its website says . Leggett & Platt , in nearby Carthage , is a diversified manufacturer that produces bed and furniture components and other items . Robert McKinzie , Leggett staff vice president of labor relations , said there are more than 2,100 employees in the Carthage area and many of them are from Joplin . Wal-Mart 's home base is not far away in Bentonville , Arkansas , and there 's Empire District Electric , which provides electricity to southwestern Missouri and parts of Arkansas , Kansas , and Oklahoma . There also are chicken farms and processing plants . "  The region is sort of a transition between the Ozarks and the Great Plains , " Cebula said . "  Historically ,  with  lead and zinc , like a lot of mining areas , it was sort of a boom and a bust , " The region is largely white and Protestant , a town full of churches , Cebula said , and it is gritty and blue collar . He and others note a growth in the Mexican presence and other newcomers , such as Vietnamese . There is a Native American community and many people in the area have that ancestry . There is a small but long-standing black community . The city has historically appeared to be more tolerant than smaller nearby hamlets in the past , historians said . Roll said some African-Americans found their way to Joplin when they were driven out of neighboring communities last century . Bogle , who studied the integration of Joplin schools , said she found it was n't as difficult as it had been in other cities . It has had more of a "  northern attitude " and more of a sense of community , she said . ` It 's sort of southern , " she said . "  But it 's not part of the South . " One part of life across this swath of America is the weather . Three years ago , a tornado ravaged the town of Picher , Oklahoma , 20 miles away , and continued into Missouri . Roll attended a wedding south of Joplin that day , and one casualty of the tornado was a man who had been scheduled to sing at the wedding but was killed in his car on the way . The aftermath of tornadoes evokes an eeriness , Roll remembers . "  It becomes very , very still , calm , sun-shining . "	Joplin is the hub of a four-state region Trucking is a big industry in the city , which is crossed by major highways The region has a lead and zinc mining heritage
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Art Linkletter , the easygoing , smooth-voiced emcee famed for his long-running hosting gigs of the radio and television shows "  House Party " and "  People Are Funny , " and author of "  Kids Say the Darndest Things , " has died , according to his spokeswoman . Linkletter "  died peacefully at home with his family on Wednesday , " a statement from the family said . He was 97 . "  Just one month earlier , while being honored at an event , he was asked what he considered his greatest life accomplishment , " the statement said . "  He responded ` Family . ' " Linkletter rose to fame as a radio announcer in San Diego , later becoming a program director . In 1944 , he launched "  Art Linkletter 's House Party , " a daytime CBS radio show that moved to television in 1952 and ran until 1969 . "  Kids say the darndest things , " was Linkletter 's often-repeated phrase because of his humorous interviews with children . It became the title of his best-selling book , a country music hit and was reprised by Bill Cosby as a 1998 TV show . The phrase began as a segment on "  House Party . " Linkletter would ask several children their thoughts on various topics ; their responses were often hilariously absurd . "  I was Oprah before there was Oprah , " he once told The Wall Street Journal . Flowers were placed on Linkletter 's star on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame Wednesday afternoon . His nighttime show , "  People Are Funny , " started on radio in 1942 and ran on NBC television from 1954 to 1961 . According to Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh 's "  The Complete Directory to Primetime Network and Cable Shows , 1946-Present , " the show featured everyday guests who would be interviewed by Linkletter and then asked to do a stunt . The result for those who failed at the stunt was often a pie in the face or being splashed by water . Linkletter also hosted a short-lived quiz show , "  The Art Linkletter Show , " in 1963 . At its height , Linkletter 's fame was notable enough to make him part of Milton Bradley 's "  Game of Life , " which featured Linkletter 's endorsement and his photo on the game 's $ 100,000 bill . His 1960 biography was called "  Confessions of a Happy Man . " But the host 's own life was touched by a famous tragedy . In 1969 , his daughter Diane -- just 20 at the time -- jumped to her death from a sixth-floor apartment in Hollywood . Linkletter blamed the death on LSD , though the drug use was never confirmed . Linkletter became an ardent anti-drug crusader , releasing a hit record , "  We Love You , Call Collect , " which won a Grammy Award . Of his five children , two others also predeceased Linkletter : son Robert died in a 1980 auto accident , and another son , Jack , died of lymphoma in 2007 . Linkletter is survived by his wife of 75 years , Lois , and two daughters , Dawn Griffin and Sharon Linkletter . Linkletter was born Gordon Arthur Kelly in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , on July 17 , 1912 . Orphaned as an infant , he was adopted by traveling evangelist John Linkletter and his wife , Mary . After a short stint on Wall Street -- he was a typist at an investment bank at the time of the 1929 Crash , he told the WSJ -- he eventually moved to San Diego and attended college at San Diego State University . While in college , he took a job as a staff announcer at CBS affiliate KGB-AM . Linkletter was an astute businessman . The owner of Linkletter Enterprises , he owned millions of acres in Australia and was a sheep and cattle rancher . He also owned oil wells and was a spokesman for several products . CNN 's Todd Leopold and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Art Linkletter hosted "  House Party " and "  People Are Funny " "  Kids say the darndest things " was his catchphrase "  I was Oprah before there was Oprah , " he once said His 1960 biography was called "  Confessions of a Happy Man "
CNN  -- African-Americans are faring slightly worse relative to their white counterparts than they did last year , according to an index released Thursday by the National Urban League . The group 's 2011 Equality Index stands at 71.5 % , compared to a revised index last year of 72.1 % , the league said as it released its annual report , called The State of Black America . An equality index of less than 100 % suggests blacks are doing worse relative to whites , while an index greater than 100 % suggests blacks are doing better . The league attributed the 2011 drop to a decline in the economics index , driven by housing and wealth factors , and to a decline in the health index , driven by children 's health . Economics and social justice continue to be the areas in which blacks trail whites the most , with ratings of 56.9 % and 58 % respectively . Those are followed by health at 75 % and education at 78.9 % . Since the Equality Index was introduced in 2005 , researchers have found growing equality between blacks and whites in the unemployment rate , the percentage of uninsured , the incarceration rate , and prisoners as a percentage of arrests , the league said . The index has also charted growing inequality over that period in rates of poverty , home ownership , school enrollment  both "  preprimary " and college  , and the level of educational attainment  both high school diplomas and bachelor 's degrees  . The index of median household income has remained unchanged , the league said . In 2010 , the index measured Hispanics in America for the first time . This year 's index finds them faring slightly better than last year compared to their white counterparts , at 76.8 % compared to a revised 2010 index of 76.6 % , the league said . It attributed the rise to improvements in health and social justice indices , but said those were offset by declines in economics and education . In the past year , the league said it has observed growing gaps in the relative status of blacks and whites in the areas of loan access , wealth and children 's health . For Hispanics , there have been growing gaps in the areas of loan access and college enrollment , it said . The 2011 State of Black America report includes essays from a variety of authors including League President Marc Morial and Democratic strategist Donna Brazile .	The index measures how African-Americans fare relative to whites It is published by the National Urban League This year 's index stands at 71.5 % , down from 72.1 % last year A number of social factors are behind the decline
New York  CNN  -- New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Tuesday fired back at the president of Yale University and others who have suggested city police went too far in their surveillance of Muslims . "  We have to keep this country safe , " the mayor told reporters , addressing questions about an Associated Press report that said the NYPD was closely monitoring Muslim student associations in schools across the Northeastern United States . "  If people put things on websites and make them available to everybody , of course the NYPD is going to look at anything that 's publicly available in the public domain , " Bloomberg said . "  And given we 've had a dozen people arrested or convicted of terrorist acts who 've come from similar organizations , we have an obligation to do so . " The AP article said police have tracked websites , and on one occasion sent an undercover officer with students from The City College of New York on a whitewater rafting trip . "  The police department goes where there are allegations , " the mayor said , adding that the city 's officers are seeking to protect "  the very things that allow Yale to survive . " But Yale President Richard Levin described New York 's surveillance program as "  antithetical to the values " of the New Haven , Connecticut , university and those of the nation . When asked by a reporter if police had gone too far by sending the agent on the rafting trip , Bloomberg responded "  no . " Police spokesman Paul Browne told CNN that his agency does not monitor students directly , but confirmed it does monitor the websites they use . "  In any case where you see an NYPD officer present , it 's an indication that we were looking at an individual , " he said . Browne accused the AP of "  hyping these stories " to sensationalize them . He provided a list of 12 people arrested or convicted on terrorism-related charges in the United States who were once members of Muslim student associations . The Columbia University Muslim Students Association condemned the police practice in a statement Tuesday . "  We are concerned that news reports about NYPD 's presence on our campus have a chilling effect on the intellectual freedom necessary for a vibrant academic community , " it read . In December , a prominent group of Muslim leaders boycotted Bloomberg 's annual interfaith breakfast in protest of the controversial program . The move stemmed from a series of earlier news reports that raised questions about the nature of a CIA partnership with the NYPD that allegedly helped to build city intelligence programs to spy on Muslims . The boycott stood in a stark contrast to the goodwill the mayor earned among Muslim leaders when he defended plans for a controversial Islamic community center near the former site of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan . The CIA later announced its internal watchdog found no issue or evidence of wrongdoing in the spy agency 's partnership with the NYPD .	The mayor addresses an AP report that said police monitored Muslims at various schools Yale 's president describes the program as "  antithetical to the values " of the university "  We have to keep this country safe , " Bloomberg tells reporters
CNN  -- A powerful storm system that ripped through the Louisville , Kentucky , area left thousands of people without power and forced the closing of the internationally famous Churchill Downs racetrack on Thursday . The National Weather Service said damage from the Wednesday night system , which also struck the University of Louisville campus , likely resulted from tornadoes . However , Weather Service meteorologist Ryan Sharp said that can not be confirmed until a storm survey is completed later Thursday . A storm survey confirmed that an F-1 tornado touched down in Jeffersontown , Kentucky , east of Louisville , according to the National Weather Service . The tornado uprooted trees and blew debris across short distances , but no injuries or fatalities occurred , according to the survey . A separate survey was still on-going in the Churchill Downs area , said the Weather Service . The storms also spawned flash floods that left two motorists stranded in their cars amid the rising waters , according to CNN-affiliate WAVE . They were rescued by firefighters , the Louisville television station reported . About 8,500 customers lost electricity , according to Louisville-Jefferson County emergency officials . In a statement early Thursday , Churchill Downs announced that the horse track would be closed all day for racing and training because of damage left behind by the storm . However , the track 's training facility , Trackside Louisville , was not damaged and will remain open , the statement read . Churchill Downs also said it had contacted the Red Cross about finding temporary shelter for 100 stable-area workers whose living quarters "  were damaged or compromised by the strong winds . " Churchill Downs is home to the Kentucky Derby . "  Nine barns suffered significant damage as a result of the storm , which reportedly produced tornadoes in the metro Louisville area , " the statement read . Churchill Downs spokesman Darren Rogers said no one was injured , including any of the 1,400 horses stabled at the facility . However , track officials early Thursday were preparing to relocate as many as 150 horses . Rogers said the horses may need to be moved because of the possibility that the storm had left nails on the ground , which could injure the animals . Buddy Rogers , a spokesman for the Kentucky Division of Emergency Management said his agency had not received reports of injuries at the racetrack or elsewhere . CNN 's Ben Smith contributed to this report .	Churchill Downs racetrack is closed because of storm damage Barns are damaged at the famous horse track and stable workers have been relocated The National Weather Service says the area was likely hit by tornadoes
Islamabad  CNN  Pakistan has ordered a stay of execution of a man who was convicted of manslaughter while he was 14 years old . Shafqat Hussain , 24 , was scheduled to be hanged on Thursday , but a government official confirmed Wednesday night with a tweet that Hussain will not be hanged and that his case will be reviewed for another 72 hours . "  We are still unclear on what investigation can be done in 72 hours , " said Shahab Siddiqui , Hussain 's lawyer . "  We will be coordinating with the government and are happy to provide any documentation they would need . " Hussain 's case has triggered outrage from human rights campaigners , who complain he did not get a fair trial and had confessed to murder after being severely tortured by the police . His family says Hussain , at the age of 14 was convicted of involuntary manslaughter for kidnapping and killing a child while he was employed as a security guard in 2004 . Unable to afford legal counsel the state appointed him a defense lawyer , whom , according to human rights groups , failed to provide any evidence or claim that Hussain was a juvenile . This meant Hussain was tried as an adult in an anti-terrorism court . A social media campaign with the hashtag #SaveShafqat trended in Pakistan and a small protest was held in the capital to raise awareness about his case . Shafqat was calm when he thought he was going to be executed , Manzoor Hussain , his brother told CNN . "  He had said that if I do n't get justice in this world , I will get it in my afterlife . " "  I ca n't tell you what kind of night my family has had . I close my eyes and I want to forget . I ca n't express the agony we have gone through , waiting and not knowing . " Hussain was initially due to be hanged on January 19 , but under international pressure , Pakistan 's Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar called for a stay order . Addressing parliament , the minister called for an investigation into the young man 's age . Two months later , another death warrant was issued for Hussain , with an execution date set for March 19 . Since then Hussain 's lawyers handed in a plea of clemency to the president 's office with documentation that the inmate was a minor at the time of his arrest . Attention to his case comes in the wake of an announcement by Pakistan that it would lift its moratorium on the death penalty for all cases -- not just for those tried in anti-terrorism courts . Pakistan lifted the death penalty moratorium for terrorism cases following the attack on an Army Public School in Peshawar , which left at least 145 teachers and students dead . It was the deadliest act of terror in the country 's history . The decision to lift the moratorium on all cases affects more than 8,000 prisoners currently on death row , the largest number in the world . The lifting of the moratorium has caused an uproar of criticism by human rights groups in Pakistan and abroad . "  It 's like responding to a blood bath by indulging in blood lust themselves , " Zohra Yusuf , the chairperson of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan told CNN . "  Executions on this scale tend to brutalize society . " Earlier this week the European Union released a statement on its website calling Pakistan to "  reinstitute the moratorium and to respect fully all its international obligations , in particular the principle of fair trial . " The statement also said that Pakistan is a party to an international covenant "  that specifically prohibits the use of the death sentence for crimes committed by persons below eighteen years of age . "	Pakistan postpones inmate 's execution for the second time Shafqat Hussain was convicted at age 14 ; his family says confession extracted under torture
CNN  -- Travel is meant to be a rich experience , a means of engaging with culture , cuisine and pleasure . In the last decade , cities around the world have helped this along by building exceptionally designed , clean , well-functioning airports . Along with them have come equally stunning airport lounges , and the super-luxe first-class areas in international hubs around the world are a testament to a new age of luxury . Instead of feeling like they 're on the wrong side of a quarantine -- and serving decidedly lack-luster food  everyone 's had a run-in with those dreaded airport "  panini "  -- these lounges are oases offering first-rate amenities , privacy and calm . It 's all so good , in fact , you might even want to get to the airport early . Departures : The top villas in Tuscany Airports are gateways to the world , and these 10 airport lounges cater to global travelers who want the journey to be as memorable as the destination . Amazing first-class air cabins Virgin Atlantic JFK Clubhouse , John F. Kennedy International Airport , New York The feeling that half of Manhattan has joined you at your gate at JFK is over . This March , Virgin Atlantic premiered its new Clubhouse with an Austin Powers-meets-uptown mod cocktail lounge at its heart , complete with a red leather sofa and purple lighting . But it 's the Clubhouse Spa , featuring Dr. Hauschka products and treatments , that really makes the JFK Clubhouse a standout layover option . 14 outstanding airport amenities In the end , just like the $ 17 million flagship at Heathrow airport , this lounge offers everything you need  massages , facials , foot treatments  , everything you did n't know you needed  a Bumble and Bumble salon  and several things that you do n't really need at all but are certainly nice to have  anyone for a game of pool ?  . Beyond TSA checkpoint in A Concourse , above boarding gates A4 and A5 ; virgin-atlantic . com . Departures : Let 's go glamping ! British Airways Concorde Room , Heathrow Airport The decidedly unfashionable herringbone print , velvets and crystal chandeliers of the Concorde Room at Heathrow recall a well-to-do British gentleman 's study in all its relaxed , un-modern glory . Quite simply , this is a retreat -- albeit one with full waiter service , complimentary wines and Champagne and private , hotel-style cabanas with day beds and en-suite bathrooms . If retreating is n't your habit , book a theater ticket with the concierge , then head to the terrace for a drink from the fabulous Concorde Bar and views of the runway . Terminal 5 ; britishairways.com . Etihad 's Diamond First Class Lounge , Abu Dhabi International Airport To enter Etihad 's first-class lounge is a dangerous game of choose-your-own-indulgence . Leave the kids at the door . Staff nannies keep little ones busy in the kids ' retreat among colorful beanbags and toys ; parents head to the Six Senses Spa for a complimentary treatment . Departures : Spectacular hotel rooftop pools Then the real decision-making begins . Will it be the Champagne bar for the finest wines and bubbly or the cigar lounge ? À la carte dining in a fine-dining atmosphere or dinner at the chef 's table ? Just do n't forget the kids . Terminal 3 ; etihadairways.com . Finnair Lounge , Helsinki Airport From felt walls that swallow outside noise to Marimekko tableware to the wireless , mobile phone-charging system PowerKiss  wireless !  , the simplicity and thoughtfulness of the Finnair Lounge make it exceptional . A buffet is always on , and in addition to the views , the elegant Finnish and Nordic furniture designs provide their own easy pleasure . For those on the way to Asia , the midnight buffet is particularly elaborate . Travelers in need of a spa will need to have patience -- the Finnair Spa  complete with traditional Finnish saunas  will reopen this winter , but in the meantime there are showers at the lounge . Terminal T2 between Gates 36 and 37 ; finnair.com . Lufthansa First Class Terminal , Frankfurt Airport Lufthansa 's First Class Terminal offers its own passport control and security checkpoints , so travelers get personal attention all the way until they walk down the gangplank to the airplane .  Behind security in Departure Area B , there is also a smaller but no less elegant first class lounge for non-Schengen flights . Creatively done lighting radiates from behind a black glass wall and from the tops of marble partitions in the restaurant . Everything , from the size of the tables to the marble and oak bar to the monsoon showerheads , is presented generously and thoughtfully . Next to Terminal 1 ; lufthansa.com . Departures : Top hotel room service The Pier , Hong Kong International Airport The seasoned traveler will be forgiven for any long-standing preconceptions about eating  or , sadly , not eating  in airports . Thankfully , not far from Gate 62 at Hong Kong International , those expectations will be overturned . At The Pier -- Cathay Pacific 's glass-enclosed first - and business-class break area -- you 'll find freshly made Japanese noodles at the Noodle Bar and proper fine dining and modern decor at the first-class Haven restaurant .  There are also two more fully stocked café / bars . In addition to the business centers , the WiFi , the leather armchairs and the pebbled showers , a glass of Champagne also goes a long way to ease travel stress . Gates 62-66 , Northwest Concourse ; cathaypacific.com . Qantas First Lounge , Sydney Airport Modernity , with polished surfaces , clear glass and stainless steel , is the norm of airport luxury today , give or take a Dutch modern knock-off table or two and a leather armchair . Which is why we 're thrilled with the 98-foot , 8,400-plant vertical garden that greets passengers at the Qantas First Lounge at Sydney Airport . It leaves the air in the atrium feeling cleaner and lighter . Better yet , part of the garden is incorporated into each of the Payot Paris day spa treatment rooms , so you can forget , for the moment , that you 're in transit . The upper floor of the lounge , designed by Marc Newson and replete with recliners and sofas  in addition to those leather armchairs  , also includes an open kitchen restaurant serving food by Australian chef Neil Perry . International Terminal ; qantas.com.au . Qatar Airways Premium Terminal , Doha International Airport Doha airport knows how to do things on a massive scale better than anyone , which is why Qatar Airways worked with it to create this first - and business-class terminal cum mall cum hotel . It includes a handful of worthwhile airport elements  duty-free , fine boutiques  and complements them with the fundamentals of a fine lounge  a full-service Elemis spa , including Jacuzzi and sauna ; several restaurants , cafés and bars ; private meeting rooms and business centers  . Hotel-style bedroom suites and child entertainment round out the offerings , and the result is truly over the top . Near main Departures building ; qatarairways.com . Singapore Airlines SilverKris Lounges , Singapore Changi International Airport At Singapore Changi International , as throngs of travelers roll handcarts piled high with suitcases to overflowing check-in lines , Passenger Relations Officers greet first-class passengers of Singapore Airlines curbside , taking their bags , guiding them to an armchair in the first-class check-in lounge and checking them in personally . Next it 's off to the first-class SilverKris Lounges , where , depending on their mood , guests can choose from meeting rooms , café / bars or 13 Italian-leather slumberettes . Do n't worry -- the staff will wake you before your flight . Terminal 2 on Level 3  North Wing  ; Terminal 3 on Level 3 ; singaporeair.com . Swiss Lounge , EuroAirport Basel Mulhouse Freiburg Guests of the Swiss Lounge can sun themselves under an enormous glass dome , surrounded by bright , simple materials -- like chrome and wood -- rather than some of the richer , upholstered surfaces found in other first class lounges . The architecture is open , the greenery is plentiful and the staff at the welcome desk is attentive . Expect warm and cold buffets , leather recliners facing the panoramic windows , a proper European bar and a Japanese bridge in an atrium surrounded by palm trees . Somehow , it all works together impeccably -- Priority Pass just voted it the best airport lounge of 2012 . Y Terminal on the Departures Level ; swiss.com . © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	In the last decade , cities have built exceptionally designed airports The JFK Clubhouse in New York , which features a spa , is a standout layover option The Concorde Room at Heathrow is a soothing retreat Qatar Airways has hotel-style bedroom suites and child entertainment
EW.com  -- Another 2013 movie is on hold . George Clooney told the Los Angeles Times Tuesday that his World War II drama "  The Monuments Men " would not meet its scheduled December 18 opening and will instead hit theaters in early 2014 . A representative from Sony Pictures , who is distributing the film , confirmed the news to EW and stated that the film would be released sometime in the first quarter of 2014 , but no release date has been set . George Clooney talks ` The Monuments Men ' "  We just did n't have enough time , " Clooney told the paper . The movie , which Clooney directed , produced , and stars in , boasts an all-star cast including Matt Damon , Bill Murray , John Goodman and Cate Blanchett and was considered an awards hopeful . According to the report , when Clooney arrived in London to work with composer Alexandre Desplat on the score , he and producing partner Grant Heslov realized they were in trouble . "  If any of the effects looked cheesy , the whole movie would look cheesy , " Clooney told the Times . "  We simply do n't have enough people to work enough hours to finish it . " He added : "  All we 've ever said , from the very beginning , is that we wanted to make a commercial , non-cynical piece of entertainment . " ` Monuments Men ' trailer : George Clooney , Matt Damon are saving history "  The Monuments Men " is n't the first film to drop out of the late 2013 release schedule â $ " others have included Sony 's "  Foxcatcher " and The Weinstein Company 's "  Grace of Monaco , " both of which have been pushed to early 2014 as well . See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	George Clooney 's drama "  The Monuments Men " has been pushed back It was originally scheduled for December 18 Now the movie will open in early 2014 It 's not the first film to drop off the 2013 schedule
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A woman who was dragged away by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's officials after telling journalists that some of his troops had raped her will finally be seen by journalists in the coming days , a government spokesman said Thursday . Eman al-Obeidy will "  hopefully " be visited by two or three female journalists by Saturday , Mousa Ibrahim said . He added that he did not know where she was Thursday . "  The only place she will be other than her family house " is a shelter for women who have been raped , kidnapped , or otherwise victimized , he said . "  Maybe she is there . " But al-Obeidy 's mother , Aisha Ahmad , told CNN Thursday that she still has not heard from her . Ahmad said she is concerned the government will portray her daughter in a negative light . Ahmad said she no longer fears Gadhafi . "  If I were to see his face , I would strangle him , " she told CNN in a previous interview at her modest home in the eastern coastal city of Tobruk . It was on Saturday that al-Obeidy , a 29-year-old law school graduate , burst into the Rixos Hotel as foreign journalists were having breakfast . Her face and legs were bruised . She showed reporters blood on her right inner thigh . She said she had been held against her will for two days and raped by 15 men . Her visible injuries appeared to support her claims , but CNN could not independently verify al-Obeidy 's story . "  Look at what Gadhafi 's brigades did to me , " she said . "  My honor was violated by them . " Al-Obeidy displayed what appeared to be rope burns on her wrists and ankles . Government officials tried to subdue her , but she persisted . Even a member of the hotel 's kitchen staff drew a knife . "  Traitor ! " he shouted . Another staffer tried to throw a dark tablecloth over her head . One government official who was there to facilitate access for journalists pulled a pistol from his belt . Others scuffled with reporters and wrestled them to the ground in an attempt to take away their equipment . Some journalists were beaten and kicked . CNN 's camera was confiscated and smashed beyond repair . As security forces dragged her away , al-Obeidy warned : "  If you do n't see me tomorrow , then that 's it . " The Libyan government first said al-Obeidy was mentally ill and drunk . Officials called her a prostitute . Later , the government changed its story and said al-Obeidy was sane enough to withstand legal proceedings . Libyan government spokesman Mousa Ibrahim said the men accused of raping al-Obeidy are being investigated , but the suspects , in turn , have filed countercharges for slander . Ahmad said she received a call Sunday from a man who offered her a bribe to reject al-Obeidy 's claims and persuade her daughter to change her tale . Ahmad refused . She stands by her daughter , she said . So does her entire family and tribe . To show their support , the family held an in-absentia engagement ceremony for al-Obeidy at a mosque in Tobruk on Monday . The attempt to discredit al-Obeidy as a promiscuous , un-Islamic woman ties into the idea of sexual shaming in a conservative Muslim society where it 's commonly believed that a woman who has been raped has lost her honor , said Mona Eltahawy , a columnist on Arab and Muslim issues . For a woman in such a society to come forward to claim she has been raped is no small thing . "  No one would do that unless they were raped , and especially in a conservative society , " Eltahawy told CNN on Tuesday . Al-Obeidy 's act ended up being as significant as that of the discontented fruit vendor in Tunisia who set himself afire and sparked revolt in the entire region , Eltahawy said . The way al-Obeidy spoke out was unprecedented and she has already been hailed as a hero on social networking sites . Ahmad challenged Gadhafi to air video of her daughter on state television as proof of her well-being . She also said she was worried about her other daughter , with whom al-Obeidy was living . A group of lawyers and human rights activists tried to approach al-Obeidy 's sister 's house Monday , but were blocked by security forces . The sister 's mobile phone has apparently been turned off , a source with the opposition in Tripoli told CNN . Al-Obeidy 's story raced around the world after she stormed into the Rixos Hotel as international journalists were having breakfast Saturday morning . Ahmad said she has not been able to stop crying . She has n't slept or eaten . She sees only her daughter 's distress shared so publicly at a pivotal moment of her nation 's history . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Nic Robertson , and Khalil Abdallah contributed to this report	NEW : Mother says she worries government will portray her daughter in a negative light Al-Obeidy will "  hopefully " be seen by a few female journalists by Saturday , government says Her mother told CNN she had not seen her Al-Obeidy 's speaking out was unprecedented , a columnist says
Beijing  CNN  Amid tight security , a Chinese court has convicted veteran journalist Gao Yu for revealing state secrets and sentenced her to seven years in prison . Gao , 71 , immediately said she would appeal , her lawyer Mo Shaoping told CNN Friday . After a closed trial last November , the No. 3 Intermediate People 's Court in Beijing had twice delayed handing down a verdict , giving Gao 's supporters some hope that the authorities ' apparent hesitation may lead to her acquittal and release . "  Today 's conviction is mainly based on a forced confession that she had since retracted , " Mo said . "  This is a totally wrong judgment that does n't respect the facts or the evidence . " The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "  Document No. 9 " issued by the ruling Communist Party leadership in 2013 to an overseas Chinese-language news organization , according to her lawyer . The document revealed the Party 's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy , banning public discussions on topics ranging from press freedom , civil rights to judicial independence . "  There is no defense against state secret charges in China , anything the Party or the government want to label as state secrets will be labeled and treated as such -- they can even do it retroactively , " said Nicholas Bequelin , the Hong Kong-based East Asia director of Amnesty International . "  Her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach President Xi Jinping 's team has taken on dissent , information control and challenges to the Party , " he added . Beijing police detained Gao in late April of last year -- ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown -- and state broadcaster CCTV soon aired her "  confession " on national television . Expressing "  deep remorse " in the video , Gao told interrogators she "  deeply regretted that her behavior had harmed national interests and violated the law . " Mo , her lawyer , said the authorities had extracted the confession by threatening her son 's safety and released the police video to CCTV without her knowledge . He added the alleged recipient of the leaked document even publicly denied that Gao was his source . An outspoken journalist and press freedom advocate , Gao began her career as a reporter for the state-run China News Service in 1979 and , in recent years , had been writing columns for overseas Chinese-language publications . She was arrested after the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 and released more than a year later . She was imprisoned for another six years for leaking state secrets in 1993 -- though the government has never disclosed details of that case . Since Xi took power over two years ago , his government has jailed hundreds of activists across China despite rising international concern . "  We are in the midst of one of the most severe crackdowns on human rights activists , " said Bequelin of Amnesty International . "  What the state used to tolerate , it does n't tolerate anymore . "	Accused of leaking a document revealing Party 's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy Amnesty : Her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach President Xi Jinping 's team has taken on dissent Gao was arrested in April last year , ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown
CNN  -- It was a frigid June night at Pickstone Mine in Zimbabwe when 67-year-old Angela Campbell -- soaking wet , her arm broken and a gun to her head -- signed a document vowing to give up the fight for her family 's farm . Angela Campbell , 67 , was beaten and kidnapped days after Zimbabwe 's runoff election . The kidnappers demanding her signature at gunpoint were "  war veterans " from President Robert Mugabe 's heyday as a liberation hero , and they made it clear that her refusal would mean more beatings . Though Campbell signed the document , her son-in-law said she has no intention of giving up her battle ; Campbell 's family will be in Windhoek , Namibia , on Wednesday to present arguments to a Southern African Development Community tribunal . In pursuing the case , the Campbells and 77 fellow Zimbabwean farmers are risking theft , torture and death for what may be their only remaining chance to save the homes and farms so coveted by Mugabe and his loyalists . Mugabe blames the West for his nation 's soaring inflation and poverty . But analysts say Mugabe 's 2000 "  resettlement " policy , in which property was snatched from white farmers and redistributed to landless blacks , is more to blame for the country 's turmoil . Watch a report from the time of the Campbell attack " "  All I want to see is justice , " said Richard Etheredge , 72 , a white farmer who was evicted from his farm last month . "  The world can not carry on with criminals . " On June 15 , Etheredge , who has joined the case , and his family received word that a Zimbabwean senator planned to take over his Chegutu farm , a process known as "  jambanja . " "  We 're going to murder you if we catch you , " Etheredge recalls an assailant yelling from outside his son 's house two days later . The senator bused "  criminals " to his property , Etheredge said . Etheredge , his wife and one of his twin sons escaped , but the other twin and Etheredge 's daughter-in-law were later beaten , he said . Looters stole his computers , farm equipment , antiques , custom gun collection and a safe with billions in Zimbabwean currency  hundreds of thousands in U.S. dollars  . Etheredge said he watched the thieves abscond with his possessions in vehicles belonging to the senator . The looters also caused about $ 1 million in damage to his property , which includes three houses and a fruit-packing plant that was once among the most sophisticated in southern Africa . The Etheredges have been farming for 17 years and , before the attack , were producing 400,000 cartons of navel oranges and kumquats a year , he said . "  The destruction is absolutely incredible , " Etheredge said . Mugabe 's cronies visited the adjacent Mount Carmel farm about two weeks later , just days after Mugabe won a majority of votes in a runoff denounced as a "  sham " by the international community . Watch how violence persists after the election " Like the Etheredges , Mike and Angela Campbell were warned that Mugabe loyalists , members of his Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front , were planning to invade their farm . The government had given the 1,200-hectare  2,965-acre  tract to a Zanu-PF spokesman who also served as Mugabe 's biographer , according to the Campbells ' son-in-law , Ben Freeth . Two nuns went to Mount Carmel on June 26 , the day before the runoff , wanting to buy sweet potatoes , Freeth said . But their quest for tubers was a ruse ; they actually wanted to tell Freeth that Zanu-PF members were planning to raid the Campbell land , where the Campbells and Freeth and his wife , Laura , live . On June 29 , Freeth received a phone call : "  War veterans , " as the clans of pro-Mugabe thugs call themselves , were heading to his in-laws ' house . Laura and her brother , Bruce , gathered their children . Laura fled with the children through a fence on the northern boundary of Mount Carmel farm , Freeth said . Freeth jumped in his car and sped 1 1/2 kilometers to the Campbell house . "  These guys had already arrived , and they started shooting at me as soon as I drove through the gate , " he said . The bullets missed , but one of the war veterans hurled a rock through the driver 's side window , smashing Freeth 's right eye shut . "  They dragged me out of the vehicle and began beating me over the head with rifle butts , " Freeth said . The men tied up Freeth , he said , and took him to where his in-laws were lying bound on the gravel outside their home . Angela Campbell was still conscious . The men had caught her on her way to feed a calf . They had beaten her and broken her upper arm in two places , Freeth said . Mike Campbell was in bad shape , "  just groaning on the ground ; in fact , he remembers nothing . " The heavily armed men threw the three in the back of Mike Campbell 's Toyota Prado truck , and "  the next nine hours were quite a nightmare , " Freeth said . Freeth and the Campbells were driven about 50 kilometers  31 miles  to Pickstone Mine . Their captors stopped at a dairy farm on the way and killed a white farmer 's dogs , Freeth said . Night had fallen by the time they arrived at the mine to find about 60 men in Zanu-PF regalia waiting for them . "  They were pointing guns at us the whole time , telling us they were going to kill us , " Freeth said . Freeth and the Campbells were doused with cold water and left "  shivering in the dust on the ground , " Freeth said . They received more beatings , and Freeth said one of their captors thrashed the bottom of his feet with a shambock , a whip made of hippopotamus hide . It was during this time that their captors made Angela sign a document promising to drop the case scheduled this week before the tribunal . Mike Campbell moved in and out of consciousness , as Ben and Angela prayed -- not for their lives , but for their captors . Freeth said he had never understood Luke 6:28 -- "  Bless those who curse you " -- until that moment , and a "  supernatural " peace came over him . Freeth told God , "  If I 'm going to be with you today , then I 'm ready . " It was almost midnight when Freeth and the Campbells -- still bound -- were tossed in the back of the Prado . They bounced around the sport-utility vehicle as their captors drove 30 kilometers down a craggy dirt road to Kadoma , where they were dumped in the streets . "  I managed to walk toward a light and knocked on the door of a house and used the phone to phone my wife , " Freeth said . The Campbells were released from the hospital last week . Both remain weak and still bear considerable scrapes and bruises . Angela has a pin in her arm . Mike , 75 , suffered four broken ribs , a broken collarbone and a dislocated finger . Mike is recovering just enough to sit up , and "  he can walk a few paces , " Freeth said Monday , complaining that his hands were "  still tingly " from being bound so tightly . The hospital released Freeth at the weekend after neurosurgeons had to drill a 4-centimeter  1 1/2 - inch  hole in his skull to relieve pressure from a hematoma stemming from the rock and rifle-butt blows to the head . One thing not battered is the farmers ' resolve to remain on the land that the Campbells have owned for 34 years . "  We intend to be there on Wednesday , and we just hope for an outcome that is good for everyone , an outcome for justice , " Freeth said of the hearing , which is slated to last through Friday . Freeth said he believes that the tribunal will carry more clout with Mugabe than do Western nations and the African and European unions . Many of its member nations are led by Mugabe 's contemporaries , and Mugabe is aware that his status as an African hero is waning , he said . "  I think it means a lot to him whether SADC is going to isolate him or continue to support him , " Freeth said . "  Once we get to the SADC tribunal and we get a judgment and it 's basically binding in black and white , it 's going to be difficult for Mugabe to say , ` We 're abiding by our own law . ' It 's going to be very difficult for him to defend what he 's doing . "	Farmers kidnapped , beaten days after election for challenging land confiscation Dozens of farmers appeal to 14-nation tribunal for relief from Zimbabwe land grabs Ben Freeth recalls being beaten with a shambock , a whip made of hippo hide Mike and Angela Campbell -- 75 and 67 -- still recovering from June beating
CNN  -- Stars at the legendary Glastonbury , one of the world 's largest music festivals , have begun to pay tribute to Michael Jackson , who died Thursday . Glastonbury at Worthy Farm in Somerset is the world 's largest music festival . Singer Pharell Williams of U.S. group N.E.R.D acknowledged the music icon 's legacy as his band played on the English festival 's main stage , the Pyramid Stage . "  The music was so incredible and what he and Quincy Jones did was change music and the way people looked at music , " Williams was quoted as saying on the BBC 's Glastonbury Web site . Teenage Australian singer Gabriella Cilmi was the first artist at the festival to pay tribute to Jackson , Friday , singing a few bars of song "  Billie Jean " during her set . Organizer Emily Eavis wrote on her Twitter site : "  So sad to hear the news about MJ . There will be tributes all over the site all weekend . "  A truly great artist . " Other artists are expected to honor the singer , who died of a cardiac arrest at the age of 50 , throughout the 3-day festival weekend in southwestern England . Festival-goers woke to an unexpectedly somber first day of Glastonbury , Friday , as the news of Jackson 's death began to sink in . See images of reactions to the star 's death from around the world " Rumors of the singer 's death had circulated the isolated 900-acre site the previous evening , but many fans had dismissed them as the hearsay and misinformation that thrives each year in the site which has no TV or Internet-access . Confusion quickly turned to shock for many , as Jackson 's music played in festival bars and news of his demise spread by cell phone . "  It 's totally weird , " Sally Anne Aldous , 29 , told CNN on Thursday night . "  People are just getting text messages saying ` Michael Jackson is dead . Michael Jackson is dead . ' " With a laid-back focus on mainly alternative music , the Glastonbury festival -- expected to attract as many as 137,000 music-lovers -- is not a venue where people would normally expect to hear Jackson 's music . Watch more reaction from Glastonbury " But few here deny the singer 's influence . An impromptu memorial was held by mourning fans late Thursday at the "  Stone Circle , " a neolithic monument in the festival 's grounds . Other headline acts such as Bruce Springsteen , Lady GaGa and Lily Allen , performing at the festival , are expected to pay tribute to Jackson . iReport : Share your memories of Michael Jackson Anouk Lorie contributed to this report	Singer Pharell Williams of U.S. group N.E.R.D paid tribute to the music icon Earlier Australian singer Gabriella Cilmi sang a few bars of "  Billie Jean " Festival goers awoke to the news on an unusually somber day one of the festival
CNN  -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho has rejected reports that he is planning to quit the Spanish champions at the end of this season . The 49-year-old has struggled to regain the heights of last season , with Real 11 points behind Barcelona after only 14 games in La Liga . Los Blancos go into Tuesday 's Champions League clash with Ajax already qualified for the last 16 of a competition that Mourinho has won twice before -- but that his club has not triumphed in since its record ninth success in 2002 . The former Porto , Chelsea and Inter Milan boss dismissed suggestions he wants to join another top European club at his Monday prematch press conference . "  My future is that tomorrow I 'll have my 101st Champions League match , and UEFA will confirm that , " he said . "  Neither I nor I think the president will say a word about it . I have nothing to say about what we talked about . My relationship with him is very good and I will not be giving any substance to this situation . You have no story . " Mourinho has been linked with a move to big-spending French club Paris Saint-Germain , where one of his Chelsea successors -- Carlo Ancelotti -- is coach . "  About PSG I will say that one of my assistants will go to watch the match tomorrow because they are a potential opponent , " he said . "  They 're playing against Porto and both of them could be drawn against us . That 's the only thing that I am bothered about in Paris . " Mourinho was recently praised by his former English Premier League rival Alex Ferguson , who said the Portuguese has the credentials to one day succeed him as Manchester United 's manager . "  That is what friends are like , they always speak nicely about each other , " Mourinho said . "  Some people think that there is room for betrayal in friendship and others have a deep respect . His succession is a long way off and it will be 10 years away because he is stronger every year . What would he want to retire for ? " Mourinho has been booed by his club 's own fans this season , and he said that was the reason he went out onto the pitch before Saturday 's Madrid derby win at home to second-placed Atletico . "  I was watching Casillas and the other goalkeepers warming up . I went out early because I was expecting lots of whistles and some sort of animosity towards me , " he said . "  I preferred that it happened before the match and was addressed personally towards me so that during the match they would support the team and have positive feelings and help their players and their team . " Eight teams playing in the Champions League on Tuesday have already qualified for the knockout stage , but first and second places have yet to be decided in two of the four groups in action . Porto and PSG are fighting for top spot in Group A , while Schalke has a one-point lead over Arsenal in Group B. Malaga will go through top of Group C ahead of AC Milan , while Real will finish second behind Borussia Dortmund in Group D. Three places in the last 16 will be decided in Wednesday 's matches , in which Barcelona 's Lionel Messi has the chance to match Gerd Muller 's record of 85 goals in a calendar year . In Monday 's La Liga action , Real Valladolid climbed to seventh place with a 2-1 win at 10-man Sevilla . Patrick Ebert and Oscar Gonzalez scored in the first 12 minutes for Valladolid , but Manucho put through his own net soon after halftime before teammate Gary Medel was sent off for a second booking on 63 . In England , Newcastle moved up to 14th place in the Premier League with a 3-0 win over struggling Wigan , who had defender Maynor Figueroa sent off after only 12 minutes . Figueroa was red-carded alter fouling Papiss Cisse , and the Senegal international 's strike partner Demba Ba scored from the resulting penalty . Ba then took his league tally to 10 this season , matching the leading totals of Michu , Robin van Persie and Luis Suarez , before Gael Bigirimana sealed the result in the second half to end a run of four defeats .	Jose Mourinho says he has a good relationship with Real Madrid 's president Coach rejects rumors that he is planning to leave the Santiago Bernabeu His team has struggled in La Liga but is through to next round in Europe Mourinho shrugs off praise from his friend , Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson
Hours before 22 U.S. embassies and consulates were to close for a day , top U.S. security officials reviewed the situation that led to the unprecedented move . A U.S. global travel alert remained in place amid fears that al Qaeda may launch attacks in the Middle East , North Africa and beyond in coming weeks . The threat prompted the United States to announce that 22 facilities would be closed on Sunday , including in Yemen , which was a focus of concern . A Saturday afternoon meeting included the White House chief of staff , Secretary of State John Kerry , Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , as well as the heads of Homeland Security , the National Security Agency , the FBI and CIA and the Joint Chiefs of Staff . President Barack Obama was briefed after the meeting , according to the White House . On Saturday , the security around the U.S. embassy in Yemen was even tighter than last year when the embassy was raided by protesters . At least 12 tanks were stationed within 500 meters of the building . Hundreds of additional security forces were deployed , and roads leading to the embassy were closed . Checkpoints were set up at a distance from the embassy , and trucks were n't allowed to pass anywhere near the main embassy road . Yemen 's special forces , the most elite , were seen in small numbers near the embassy , as well . Meanwhile , Britain , France and Germany have said they , too , will close their embassies in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , on Sunday and Monday for security reasons . No other embassies are affected , they said . Neither Italy nor Spain -- which has no embassy in Yemen -- planned to close any of their embassies . The U.S. embassies closed on Sunday -- a day they would normally be open -- stretch across a swath of North Africa and the Middle East , from Mauritania to Oman . Bangladesh and Afghanistan , both majority Muslim nations , also are affected . The U.S. government 's actions are in response to growing intelligence that shows a potential for attacks in Yemen and elsewhere in the Middle East and North Africa , said U.S. officials who spoke to CNN on condition of not being identified . Official : Security tightened in Yemen "  The threat appears to be much worse than it has  been  in a long time , " said a senior national security official in Yemen , where the government is "  on high alert against possible attacks in the days to come . " Various Western targets -- not just those tied to the United States -- are under threat , two U.S. officials said . Three sources said the United States has information that members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula are in the final stages of planning for an unspecified attack . One of the sources said such preparations appeared to have increased in recent days with the approaching end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Sunday is Laylet al-Qadr , or the Night of Power , one of the holiest moments on the Muslim calendar . Said one U.S. official : "  It all leads us to believe something could happen in the near future . " What 's behind timing of terror threat Christopher Hill , a former U.S. ambassador to Iraq , told CNN he had never seen embassy closures ordered across such a broad area . "  There have been incidents where they 've closed down a number of embassies in the Middle East because the information is not specific enough to say that 'em bassy X ' got to be closed as opposed to other embassies , " said Hill , who joined the U.S. Foreign Service in 1977 . "  But I think this , closing all of these embassies in the Middle East to North Africa , is in fact unprecedented . At least , I did n't see this during my career . " ` Leave Yemen now ' U.S. officials said that , based on intelligence , they were particularly concerned about the U.S. Embassy in Yemen between Saturday and Tuesday . President Barack Obama , amid regular updates on the situation , has directed officials to take all appropriate steps to protect Americans . A White House official said the president was updated Saturday morning by Lisa Monaco , his assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism . Obama , who departed for Joint Base Andrews to play golf , is being updated through the weekend , the official said . He praised Yemeni President Abdo Rabu Mansour Hadi for his country 's efforts following a meeting Thursday at the White House . The UK Foreign Office has also warned its citizens against travel to Yemen , and urged British nationals to leave as soon as possible . "  If you do n't leave the country now while commercial carriers are still flying it is extremely unlikely that the British government will be able to evacuate you or provide consular assistance , " it said . Photos : Attacks on U.S. diplomatic sites It was unclear whether the apparent plot targets that Arabian nation or one elsewhere -- which is why the travel alert applies so broadly , and why embassies from Bangladesh to Libya are being closed . Nor is the expected time of an attack known , which explains why the U.S. travel alert extends through August . "  Terrorists may elect to use a variety of means and weapons and target both official and private interests , " the alert states . "  U.S. citizens are reminded of the potential for terrorists to attack public transportation systems and other tourist infrastructure . " New York Rep. Peter King , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , called the information "  the most specific I 've seen . " While the principal attention is on the Arabian Peninsula , he stressed to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that "  we ca n't rule anything out . " "  We are focused on the Middle East , but it 's a potential series of attacks that really could be almost anyplace , " King said . 22 embassies , consulates ordered closed The State Department listed the 22 embassies and consulates that are closed Sunday , which is normally the start of the work week in the countries affected . The 17 affected U.S. embassies are in Afghanistan , Algeria , Bahrain , Bangladesh , Djibouti , Egypt , Iraq , Jordan , Kuwait , Libya , Mauritania , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Sudan and Yemen . The U.S. Embassy in Israel will be closed as normal Sunday . See the whole list Consulates in Iraq , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are also being shut for the day . Embassies and consulates in the region typically close or operate with minimal staff on Fridays and Saturdays . The shutdowns could extend beyond Sunday , a senior State Department official said . Retired Gen. James Mattis -- who until earlier this year was head of U.S. Central Command , responsible for a 20-country area that includes the Middle East -- said the decision to close the embassies underscores the reality of the threat and the wisdom of U.S. policymakers . U.S. embassies have been targeted before in places such as Yemen , Turkey and Tanzania , he pointed out . Moreover , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is one of the terrorist network 's most active and most destructive branches . "  We have to remember that we 're up against an enemy who kills indiscriminately -- whether it be women , children , diplomats -- and our embassies ... have been one of the targets , " Mattis told CNN on Friday . Referring to the move by U.S. officials , he said , "  They are showing some proactive discretion here , making certain that we do n't give the enemy an opportunity that we can deny them . " Meanwhile , Canada shuttered for one day its diplomatic mission in Bangladesh on Saturday . Questions , concerns after Benghazi House leaders have been briefed , Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters , adding that the travel alert and embassy closings provided "  some understanding of the seriousness of the threat . " King , who has also heard such briefings , applauded the government 's decision to close its diplomatic missions . "  I give them credit , " the Republican said of the Obama administration . "  I think the government is doing exactly the right thing here . " Such bipartisan agreement in Washington comes at a time when politicians are still scrutinizing the September 11 , 2012 , attack on the U.S. consular compound in Benghazi , Libya , which killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Since then , Republicans have been pressing Obama 's administration for answers , with some accusing officials of covering up what happened in Benghazi and not doing enough to track down the attackers . Eight GOP lawmakers are asking that incoming FBI Director James Comey brief Congress within 30 days about the investigation . They say the administration 's inquiry to date has been "  simply unacceptable , " according to a draft letter obtained by CNN . Earlier this week , Vice President Joe Biden and senior State Department officials went to Congress to discuss embassy security . Biden also briefed congressional leadership , key committee chairmen and ranking members about the latest threat concerns , a source who attended the meeting said . Another official said the recent intelligence might not have warranted such a response before the Benghazi attack , which created a political firestorm for the administration . On Thursday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the agency was taking the steps out of an abundance of caution . CNN found embassy attack suspect before FBI	The 22 U.S. embassies , consulates are closing Committee of security heads reviews the situation The State Department issues a global travel alert on possible al Qaeda attacks Sources say al Qaeda is in final planning stages of unspecified plot
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton is talking tough about Russia these days , for reasons both pragmatic and political . The overwhelming favorite for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 , if she decides to run , Clinton already faces GOP criticism for allegedly being soft on Moscow as President Barack Obama 's secretary of state until last year . A recent Republican National Committee statement mocked the "  reset " button she offered to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in 2009 in what was a symbolic effort by the Obama administration to move past Russia 's military backing for two breakaway regions in Georgia . Now Russia 's attempted annexation of the Crimean Peninsula from neighboring Ukraine , another former Soviet territory , has again put Washington-Moscow relations in the spotlight . Using generally stronger and more provocative language than the administration she once represented , Clinton seeks to buff her own foreign policy credentials and those of her party without straying too far from the official government messaging and tactics . "  She has to walk a very fine line " "  She has to walk a very fine line , " Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller said of the former first lady and U.S. senator . The goal is to maintain her credibility as a former secretary of state , and the Democratic Party 's credibility on security and defense issues , as the nation heads toward congressional elections in November and the presidential vote two years later , Schiller told CNN . "  She sees it as important not just for her but for the Democratic Party as a whole , " Schiller said . Otherwise , "  you go from the party that killed Osama bin Laden to the party that ca n't stop Vladimir Putin . " Hillary Clinton : It 's up to Putin whether there 's ` another Cold War ' On Tuesday , Clinton used a speech in Montreal to describe the conflict between Russia and Western allies over Crimea as a "  clash of values , " adding that Putin would determine if another Cold War ensued . "  I hope there is not another Cold War , " Clinton said in response to a question . "  Obviously , nobody wants to see that . I think that is primarily up to Putin . " She also called the Crimea situation an effort by Putin to "  rewrite the boundaries of post-World War II Europe . " "  If he is allowed to get away with that , I think you will see a lot of other countries either directly facing Russian aggression or suborned with their political system so that they are so intimidated that in effect they are transformed into vassals , not sovereign democracies , " Clinton warned . "  There is a lot at stake here . " Much at stake She called on the Obama administration to "  do a better job of supporting " the interim Ukraine government , and pushed for easing Europe 's energy dependence on Russia , saying : "  The Russians can only intimidate you if you are dependent on them . " Earlier this month , Clinton compared Putin 's actions in Crimea to the tactics of Adolf Hitler in the 1930s , when Germany began taking over neighboring countries . That remark drew media attention and some criticism , with Clinton clarifying her point the next day . Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry also have criticized Putin , using careful language to insist that Russia 's moves in Crimea violated international law and would never gain international acceptance . Romney slams Obama , Clinton for foreign policy ` failure ' Vice President Joe Biden , meanwhile , has played the role of administration attack dog by traveling to Poland , Lithuania and Estonia this week to label the Russian move in Crimea a "  land grab " and pledge NATO support for former Soviet satellites now part of the alliance . Biden has hinted he might run for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 , and Schiller said Clinton 's public posture on the Ukraine crisis takes a possible Biden challenge into consideration . Biden on her mind "  On the off chance Joe Biden decides he wants to run , she 's taking every opportunity to one-up him on foreign policy credentials , " Schiller said . At the same time , Clinton wants to avoid launching any kind of "  real challenge " to Obama on the issue , she added , saying "  you look like a turncoat and it reduces your credibility . " At the White House , spokesman Jay Carney rejected any political calculations in the U.S. response to Putin and Russia when asked about Republican claims the issue could hurt Clinton in 2016 . "  That 's a superficial way of looking at things , " Carney said , adding that "  our obligation is to be very clear-eyed about what our national security interests are , what our obligations are to our allies and partners , and to pursue those . " Noting a "  temptation to see everything through the lens of the next election cycle , " Carney said "  that 's pretty flaccid thinking . " Hillary Clinton must once again win over some in Jewish community CNN 's Dan Merica contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton talks tough about Russia 's moves to annex Crimea from Ukraine She says Russian President Putin wants to rewrite European boundaries Analyst : Clinton seeks to bolster Democrats in November and her presidential chances Republicans already criticize the early Democratic frontrunner for President in 2016
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- An explosion Saturday at an eatery in the western Indian city of Pune killed at least nine people and injured 33 others , authorities said . "  It appears to be a bomb blast , and bombs obviously are related to terrorism , " said U.K. Bansal , special secretary for security in India 's Interior Ministry . Four of the dead were not from India , he told CNN . Home Secretary G.K. Pillai told reporters that the explosives were packed in a bag noticed by a waiter at the popular eatery called the German Bakery . The explosion occurred about 7:30 p.m. local time Saturday . Rajendra Sonawane , joint police commissioner for the city , said the blast struck the German Bakery in Pune 's Koregaon Park , sister network CNN-IBN reported . Initially , authorities thought a cooking gas cylinder had exploded at the bakery , but all cylinders were accounted for , according to CNN-IBN . An anti-terrorism squad is assisting in the investigation , Chandra Iyengar , home secretary for Maharashtra state , told CNN . However , he would n't confirm the blast as a terrorist attack . The German Bakery is frequented by tourists . It 's near the Osho Ashram , a commune founded by the late Indian guru Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh , who returned to India from the United States in the 1980s . CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	NEW : Explosives packed in bag noticed by waiter , home secretary says NEW : Four of the dead not from India , security official says At least eight people killed and 33 injured in explosion in Pune Shop , known as the German Bakery , is frequented by tourists
New York  CNN  -- A 23-year-old man was arraigned Saturday on a murder charge in the death of a toddler shot as his parents pushed him in a stroller across a Brooklyn street . Howard Jackson , a prosecutor with the Brooklyn District Attorney 's office , told reporters Saturday that Daquan Breland faces a criminal possession of a weapon charge in addition to second-degree murder . At his initial appearance Saturday , Breland was ordered to remain behind bars ; he 's scheduled to next be in court September 12 , according to Jackson . Breland is on parole for a felony assault in upstate New York , according to police . A call placed by CNN on Saturday night to his court-appointed attorney , George Sheinberg , was not immediately returned . Breland and another young man , Daquan Wright , were apprehended Friday morning by New York detectives and U.S. marshals at a Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , apartment according to New York police Commissioner Ray Kelly . "  They fled New York City almost immediately after this incident and that 's where they were located , " Jackson said of the central Pennsylvania city . Wright , a 19-year-old from Brooklyn , was charged Saturday with criminal possession of a weapon . Their arrests stem from last Sunday evening , when 16-month-old Antiq Hennis was in a stroller on Livonia Avenue in Brooklyn . An eyewitness said Breland opened fire after Wright handed him a gun , according to Kelly , who did not cite a possible motive . Antiq was shot in the left side of his head , according to police . The toddler was transported to Brookdale University Hospital and pronounced dead on arrival . Both men have some kind of relationship with the young boy 's father , 21-year-old Anthony Hennis , who as of Friday had declined to be interviewed , according to Kelly . Jackson said Saturday that he personally had n't yet spoken with Anthony Hennis , though his hope was that he 'd be cooperative . As to the case , the prosecutor said it was hard not to feel for the boy 's kin . "  I have n't prosecuted a case like this before , " said Jackson , who handles homicide cases for his office . " ... Even if you do n't know this child , you could n't help but grieve for the family . " CNN 's Erinn Cawthon contributed to this report .	Daquan Breland is charged with murder and criminal weapons possession He 's ordered held after his arraignment , a prosecutor says Breland and another man were apprehended Friday in Pennsylvania They were wanted in death of boy fatally shot while being pushed by his parents
Incheon , South Korea  CNN  -- A small army of elite , highly trained clones are sent on a mission to root out drugs and ammunition from the city . Every few hours they report back to their masters , to whom they 've been devoted since birth . But this is n't the set of a low-budget sci-fi flick ; it 's the departure lounge of South Korea 's Incheon Airport , where seven "  super clone " sniffer-dogs have been dispatched in the war against contraband luggage . The pack of golden Labrador Retrievers are all genetically identical to "  Chase , " whose legendary snout kept him top of Incheon 's drug-detection rankings right up until his retirement in 2007 . But now after years of training , the new class is following in their genetic donor 's paw-prints , consistently outperforming the rest of South Korea 's naturally born sniffers in the hunt for heroin , cocaine and methamphetamines . Interactive : A day in the life of an airport city They are the work of Professor Byeong-chun Lee , who established his reputation in 2005 as the driving force behind Snuppy  an amalgam of Seoul National University puppy  , the world 's first ever dog clone . "  The officers in Korean Custom Service read our dog-cloning article and they suggested the project to us , " recalls Lee . Indeed , Korean customs had a problem on their hands . Only three out of every 10 selectively bred sniffer dogs that it trained -- at a cost of about $ 40,140 each -- had the nostrils and the discipline for the job . Although the seven Labrador clones cost upwards of $ 100,000 each , every single one of them made the grade . But Lee refuses to take all the credit : "  I think half of the ability comes from the genetic background and half comes from the training , " he said . Lending weight , if it were needed , to the claim that aptitude is indeed a balance of nature and nurture , the dogs still display variations in performance despite their identical genes . And leader of the pack is Tutu . "  Last year , he won a medal for detecting the most drugs at the ICN  Incheon  airport , " boasts his long-time handler Park Ji-yong . Like his septuplet brothers , Tutu began training for the job at the age one and now , as a mature four year-old , works five to six hourly shifts a day . "  He 's very active and energetic ... He 's kind of tough ... and he only likes me which makes me feel good , " beams Ji-yong . But it 's not just drug-mules and meth-addicts that need fear the arrival of this sniffing super-breed . Lee 's next clone will be a high-performance "  quarantine dog " -- gifted with an enhanced capacity for detecting the presence of disease in humans . Lee says that , due to the high number of travelers passing through Incheon , the airport has experienced problems with the spread of infectious diseases , "  so the Korean government have asked us to clone some quarantine sniffing dogs " Beyond the airport barriers , Professor Lee spends his time cloning a variety of other canine breeds , each with a specific purpose in mind . "  Some clients want to replicate their own pets " says Lee . In other cases , the scientist works in conservation , creating identical copies of endangered animals . "  Wolves are endangered species in Korea , especially grey wolves . We collected cells from the ear of wolves ... and transported to surrogate dogs and finally we produced cloned wolves " says Lee . So , now that he 's cloned man 's best friend , are there any plans for man himself ? "  Scientifically all the animals , including humans , can be cloned , but I have never thought about  it  . It 's illegal and it 's an ethical problem . "	A breed of ` super clone ' sniffer dogs is in action at Incheon Airport DNA taken from golden Labrador Retriever with "  legendary " nose Professor behind project also makes clones of pets and endangered wolves
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Shield " actor Michael Jace , appearing in a Los Angeles court Wednesday , entered a not guilty plea in the slaying of his wife . His attorney did not object when the judge set bond at $ 2 million and ordered Jace , 51 , to have no contact with his two children . A preliminary hearing , in which investigators are expected to testify about why they arrested Jace in the May 19 shooting death , is set for August 1 . April Jace , 40 , died from "  multiple gunshot wounds , " according to preliminary autopsy results . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled the death a homicide , Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said . Jace , who played a Los Angeles cop in TV 's "  The Shield , " wore a yellow jail jumpsuit and was kept handcuffed while in a glass holding area for Wednesday 's hearing . ` Shield ' actor Michael Jace charged with wife 's murder Police found April Jace shot to death in her south Los Angeles home the evening of May 19 , Detective Lyman Doster said . Michael Jace called 911 to report that his wife had been shot , Detective Dean Vinluan said , adding that he "  was on the phone with the operator . " Neighbors who heard gunshots also called 911 , he said . Jace 's father-in-law also called 911 as he drove to his daughter 's home after receiving a message from Jace about the shooting . "  My son-in-law called me and texted me and said come get the kids because he shot April , our daughter , " he said in a recording released by the Los Angeles Fire Department . "  At this moment , the motive of the murder is believed to be domestic violence , " a police statement a day after the killing said . Two children were in the Hyde Park-area home when their mother was shot , Vinluan said . Investigators have found no reports of domestic violence between the husband and wife at their residence , another Los Angeles Police Department detective said . A woman described as a close friend of Jace 's first wife said in a sworn statement that she witnessed Jace physically abusing his wife in 1997 . The declaration was in court records from Jace 's 2005 custody case concerning his son with Jennifer Bitterman . Jace "  choked and hit " his wife and "  slammed her against the wall while  their infant son  screamed in his crib next to her , " Maria De Le Vegas said in the sworn declaration obtained by CNN . Jace "  was raging and out of control , and seeing the extent of his anger was one of the most terrifying things I have ever seen , " she said . Jace appeared to suffer severe financial strain in recent years , according to court documents obtained by CNN . The actor filed for Chapter 13 bankruptcy in March 2011 , citing $ 500,000 in debts and an annual income of around $ 80,000 from residuals from his TV and film work , the documents said . Jace had defaulted on the $ 411,000 mortgage on the south Los Angeles home where his wife died , according to the documents . He married April Jace in June 2003 , a year after divorcing his first wife , with whom he shared a son who is now a teen . The FX police drama "  The Shield " provided the biggest and longest-running role in Jace 's 22-year acting career . He appeared in 89 episodes as Julien Lowe , who started as a rookie officer in an inner-city Los Angeles police precinct in 2002 and rose through the ranks to become a detective before the series ended in 2008 , according to the Internet Movie Database . He acted on several episodes of "  Southland , " another TV drama about Los Angeles police , between 2009 and 2012 . Jace often played a law enforcement or military officer on television shows . He is credited with roles in "  CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , " "  Private Practice , " "  The Mentalist , " "  Burn Notice " and "  NYPD Blue . " He had the title role of Michael Jordan in the 1999 TV movie about the NBA star , "  Michael Jordan : An American Hero . " Jace played Officer Brown in Russell Crowe 's 2009 film "  State of Play , " and he portrayed a Black Panther member in the 1994 blockbuster movie "  Forrest Gump . " April Jace had worked for the past year as a financial aid counselor at Biola University , a private school in La Mirada , California , according to the school . "  We are obviously shocked and saddened by this terrible news , to lose a wonderful colleague , mother and friend , " Biola President Barry Corey said in a written statement . "  April 's radiant personality brought great energy to the financial aid office , " financial aid director Geoff Marsh said . "  Her love for helping students and families and her great work ethic earned the respect and love of her coworkers . Her smiling face and helpful spirit will be missed by all . "	A preliminary hearing for Michael Jace is set for August 1 The judge set bond at $ 2 million and ordered Jace to have no contact with his two children Jace wore a yellow jail jumpsuit and was handcuffed in a glass holding area for the hearing April Jace , 40 , died from "  multiple gunshot wounds , " according to a coroner
Harold White jumped into action when he heard a rumor that Justin Bieber might be eyeing a mansion in Atlanta and could become his neighbor in the affluent Buckhead neighborhood . The retiree and longtime resident is worried about unwanted attention should the singer indeed move to Buckhead , known for its vast old-money mansions . White has organized a protest for 6 a.m. Monday in front of an on-the-market mansion that is part of the Bieber speculation . No one in Bieber 's camp has commented on the rumored move , which began with a TMZ report . Still , the very idea of Bieber deciding to make the Georgia capital another home has proved enough to get residents such as White up in arms . "  We 're concerned he 'll bring the wrong type of element into a quiet , residential area , " he said . "  It is our position that a person with his means could certainly find a neighborhood more suited to his "  eclectic " lifestyle . White 's wife started a Facebook page to organize the protest . It warns that "  Justin Bieber 's relocation to Atlanta can be nothing but bad for our children , as well as the community . Some ca n't even let their children play in the driveway without fear ; he has raced vehicles under the influence , before . What 's to say he wo n't do it again ? " Bieber has had several encounters with law enforcement authorities in recent months . He was recently arrested in Toronto , accused of assaulting his limousine driver in December . He also faces charges of drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving on an expired license after being stopped by police in Miami Beach , Florida , last month . The Los Angeles County district attorney is considering whether to charge Bieber with felony vandalism in the egging of a neighbor 's house on January 9 . Opinion : Is Bieber getting out of control ? Hollywood 's toughest role : Parent of a young celebrity	Residents in Atlanta 's affluent Buckhead community are worried They have organized a protest in front of a mansion that 's for sale They say Bieber 's "  eclectic " lifestyle is not right for their neighborhood Bieber 's camp has not commented on any rumored move
The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency  JAXA  has launched a space probe on a mission to collect a sample from a distant asteroid . The launch of the Hayabusa-2 probe took place early Wednesday local time from Japan 's Tanegashima Space Center , JAXA said on its website . The agency said its target was an asteroid called "  1999 JU3 . " The mission was to land on the asteroid and use instruments to draw samples from it that could shed light on "  the origin and evolution of the solar system , " the agency said . The mission is a successor to the Hayabusa probe , which was launched in 2003 and returned to Earth in 2010 , but failed to successfully drop a lander on its target asteroid . "  1999 JU3 " was a "  C-type " asteroid , a "  more primordial body " than the asteroid targeted by the Hayabusa 2 's predecessor , said JAXA , and as such it was expected to contain more organic or hydrated material for study . "  We expect to clarify the origin of life by analyzing samples acquired from a primordial celestial body such as a C-type asteroid to study organic matter and water in the solar system , " JAXA said in a statement .	Japan 's space agency has launched a probe to a distant asteroid Its mission is to take samples that could shed light on the origin of the solar system It is a successor to a probe that completed a seven-year mission in 2010
CNN  -- Radovan Karadzic 's arrest after a decade-long hunt is the equivalent of catching Europe 's Osama bin Laden , the U.S. diplomat who brokered peace in Bosnia says . Radovan Karadzic , seen here in 1995 , has been arrested after a decade-long hunt . Richard Holbrooke , who negotiated the 1995 Dayton Peace Agreement , led the chorus of congratulations from around the globe telling reporters it was "  a historic day . " "  One of the worst men in the world , the Osama bin Laden of Europe , has finally been captured . A major , major thug has been removed from the public scene . " "  He was at large because the Yugoslav army was protecting him . But this guy in my view was worse than Milosevic -LSB- Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic -RSB- ... he was the intellectual leader , " Holbrooke told CNN . Watch Holdbrooke talk about the arrest " David Miliband , Britain 's Foreign Secretary , said it would "  pave the way for a brighter , European future for Serbia and the region . " The White House released a statement congratulating the government of Serbia , and thanked the people who arrested Karadzic on a bus in Belgrade for their "  professionalism and courage . " Paddy Ashdown , the former international administrator in Bosnia , told the BBC that it was a "  longed hoped for day . " "  The four years that I was working with NATO to try and catch him were peppered by rumors of where he was -- in this cafe , on that mountain , in this valley . " Watch Karadzic 's lawyer slam arrest " Ashdown also told Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper that it was a "  major breakthrough for the Balkans region . " "  Karadzic was accused of being the architect of the worst war crimes that have been perpetrated in Europe since the Nazis . "  It is a major credit to Serbia and at last brings the prospect of justice for Bosnia , " Ashdown said . The arrest brought Serbia 's hopes of joining the EU one step closer to realization , EU foreign affairs chief Javier Solana lauding the news . "  This ... gives us immense satisfaction . The new government in Belgrade stands for a new Serbia , for a new quality of relations with the EU . " Vuk Jeremic , Serbia 's Foreign Minister , said the arrest was proof Serbia was "  serious when it comes to her European fate . " However , Serb Radical Party Secretary General Aleksandar Vucic said it was "  horrible " news and that the country was "  on its way to disappear . " Karadzic , 63 , is accused of leading the worst acts of brutality Europe has seen since the Nazi campaigns of World War II . He is wanted over he deadly siege of Sarajevo , which left an estimated 10,000 people dead , and the 1995 massacre of 8,000 Muslims in Srebrenica .	"  Karadzic 's arrest is the equivalent of catching Europe 's Osama bin Laden " Former U.S. peace broker in Bosnia says arrest is an "  historic day " "  Major breakthrough for the Balkans , " Former international administrator says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A private jet carrying Chris Brown made an emergency landing in Burbank , California , Monday after smoke filled the cockpit , the singer 's representative confirmed Tuesday . The incident , first reported by TMZ , happened as Brown was on his way from Los Angeles to New York to attend Monday night 's Met Gala event . The Gulfstream jet quickly returned to the Burbank airport when passengers and crew noticed the smoke just minutes after take off , TMZ reported . Brown resumed his trip without incident on another jet later , but missed the event , TMZ reported . He did attend an after-party , it said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Brown was on his way from Los Angeles to New York He was on his way to attend Monday night 's Met Gala event Brown resumed his trip without incident on another jet
CNN  -- When it comes to the creatures most likely to be spotted swimming down London 's River Thames , hippos will be far down the list . Until now . Thanks to Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman , eagle-eyed visitors to London might just spot the three humps of an enormous hippo appearing from the Thames ' murky depths . Hofman is known for his super-sized , colorful works of art , most recently the enormous inflatable rubber duck that floated around the waters of cities like Hong Kong , Sao Paulo , Auckland and Osaka . Earlier this year , Hofman was asked to create a piece of artwork by the organizers of Totally Thames , an annual festival that celebrates London 's famous river . He says he started by researching the history of the river , and eventually came across studies on hippo evolution that revealed its waters were awash with the large creatures hundreds of thousands of years ago . The result was an artwork he 's christened with a pun almost as heavy as one of the beasts he 's been studying : "  HippopoThames . " "  I wanted to use the hippo to get people out of their homes , away from the Internet and the TV , and to explore London with a new perspective . " Not that creating a giant replica of an ungainly water mammal in one of the UK 's busiest waterways is an easy business . Cocktail of ingredients "  I was thinking about the history , but I also had to think about practicalities , " Hofman says . "  We needed to make sure it could fit under various bridges as it had to be towed into place , so it 's a cocktail of ingredients : the history of London , cost and the size of the space available . " Like several of Hofman 's other pieces , "  HippopoThames " was inspired by everyday objects -- in this case a children 's book that the artist 's parents gave him for their grandchild . "  One page had an illustration of a hippo and I saw it and thought that it could work really well . So the installation is something which is partly inspired by a found object , " he says . It 's a process Hofman has used in the past , chiefly the enormous cuddly toys that formed his 2009 exhibition at The Hague and the ornament-like sparrow statues he created for Belgium 's Rock Werchter music festival . " ` These pieces were inspired by children 's toys or items picked up from flea markets I 've visited -- mass-produced toys and animal ceramics , " he says . "  It 's not just about the animal -- it 's about the outer skin . I 'm all about beauty and the design of an object and I like to use and change these found objects by giving them different skins . "  I love the fact that so many of them are made in China and Taiwan . "  They 're sent to the U.S. and Europe and they 're in the hands of children for just a few minutes . I have a love for these objects and the way they get circulated around the world . " Settting is also key . "  I have a love of beautiful places -- both urban and rural , and I like to show them in their natural state , " the artist explains . Giant yellow bunny Hofman claims an enormous yellow bunny he installed in the town of Orebro , Sweden , helped highlight a largely forgotten statue it was sited next to . "  The bunny was removed after three months but afterward , more people started to visit the spot . That 's the B-side of my installations : they give the public space back to the people who then see it with a new perspective . " Hofman 's work has taken him all over the world and certain destinations have left their mark . "  I love Sao Paulo , " he says . "  I love the people . "  Every morning you wake up and you meet people who become your friends . "  It 's a concrete jungle where , as a human , you 're downsized , but I like the strength and the love of the people and the way they live together . " The West African country of Senegal also makes his list of favorites , as does the Swiss town of Bern , largely because of the way residents interact with its river in the summer . "  It 's the biggest artwork you can make - it 's a social , natural thing and it changes people 's perspective of the city . " Different nationalities react to his work in different ways , he says . "  In Europe , the first question will be about the cost . In Asia and South America people will ask , ` what is it and why is it there ? ' " No more ducks "  In Asia , people work six or seven days a week , perhaps two jobs a day . They 'll have Sundays off and they make the most of their spare time . "  In those rare moments they enjoy life to the max and are more open to certain things . "  If people have less spare time they feel they should make full use of it . "  In Europe , people work hard but they have more spare time and there 's a different pace . People tend to be more spoiled . " Florentjin 's own spare time on the sidelines of the London festival is likely to spent in one of the city 's pubs , he says . "  I love the pub life in London , as well as the parks . If you step into any pub , people will talk to you . "  It 's quite open , and they have a wonderful sense of humor -- you can have a great evening socializing . " Hofman says "  HippopoThames " will be his final water-based project . It appears that the popularity of his most recent project was a double-edged sword . "  After the rubber duck it was hard to come up with another water-related installation , " he says . "  People just want another duck ! " Tamara Hinson is a freelance travel writer based in the UK .	Artist Florentijn Hofman 's latest work is part of a festival celebrating London 's River Thames Hofman says he 's inspired by found objects and the settings his artworks are displayed in The Dutchman says he 's now done with water-based art and promises no more ducks
CNN  -- When will this recession end ? I 'm not talking about the economic challenges facing our nation . I 'm talking about the severe downturn in the world of political comedy . By picking Paul Ryan as his running mate , Mitt Romney may have energized the Republican Party . But is Ryan all that exciting ? He 's a middle-aged , conservative white guy from the Midwest . As NBC 's Jimmy Fallon aptly joked earlier this week on his late night show : "  Mitt Romney is hoping to energize conservatives with his choice of Paul Ryan as running mate . That 's like trying to spice up a bowl of oatmeal with more oatmeal . " Do n't get me wrong -- compared with Romney , Paul Ryan is Ashton Kutcher on crack . But even Rush Limbaugh labeled Ryan as "  the last Boy Scout . " Translation : Reliable but boring . The guy who makes politicians funny Let me give you a little background about the plight of political comedy . When the nation found itself in an economic recession as President Barack Obama was taking office , comedians headed into a comedic depression . George W. Bush was comedy gold for eight years . If we knew how little material Obama would be providing us , comedians would have joined forces to repeal the 22nd Amendment to enable Bush to be president for a third term .  I know that would 've been bad for the country , but we , comedians , are a particularly selfish breed -- after all , we wo n't even share the stage with other performers . Sure , there have been glimmers of a comedic recovery over the last few years . We perked up when Sarah Palin explored the possibility of running for president . Her candidacy would have been the equivalent of a comedic stimulus package . Who can forget Rep. Anthony Weiner , who famously posted photos of himself in his underwear on Twitter ? This controversy harkened back to the comedy boom bestowed upon us by Bill Clinton 's sex scandal . And recently , the Republican presidential debates offered some good stuff . Most notably , Rick Perry forgetting the name of the third government agency that he wanted to eliminate . To his credit , Obama has supplied some material , like when he said , "  The Middle East is obviously an issue that has plagued the region for centuries . " Or when Obama claimed he had traveled across the nation visiting our "  57 States . " I know many on the right see Obama as providing much more comedic material than comedians do . They often send me "  jokes " about Obama on issues like Obamacare or the "  Fast and Furious " program . While I appreciate the sentiment , here 's the cold , hard truth : Conservatives are not funny . I 'm being brutally objective here . There are some funny conservative comedians and pundits , but how many can you name ? I have my theories why conservatives struggle so horribly when trying to be funny , but I 'll keep them to myself because I 'm not a mental health professional . In the midst of this comedy recession where we have witnessed a severe contraction in our GDL -- gross domestic laughter -- there is one potential goldmine that could use a bit more exploration . I 'm speaking of vice president Joe Biden . Just search on Google the words "  Biden " and "  gaffes " and watch your computer 's screen fill up with page after page of "  Bidenisms . " A few months ago , while referring to Teddy Roosevelt 's famous comment to walk softly and a carry a big stick , Biden said : "  I promise you , the president has a big stick . I promise you . " And now , we have another "  Biden moment " when he proclaimed that Romney 's policies on regulating Wall Street would put , "  y ' all back in chains . " Oddly enough , Biden 's blunders have not defined him as a comedic figure . At least when compared to say , former Vice President Dan Quayle , who entertained us with gaffe after gaffe , from famously misspelling the word "  potato " in front of a class of young students  he added an "  e " at the end  to saying things like , "  It 's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago . " There are upcoming events that offer some hope that we will emerge from the comedy doldrums . Donald Trump will be attending the Republican National Convention scheduled later this month and has promised a "  big surprise . " Perhaps he will pay homage to Romney at the convention by tipping his hair to him . From Adams to Obama : 10 funny political lines And we comedians can all dream that at the upcoming Democratic National Convention , Joe Biden will throw away his script and just ad lib his speech .  I would predict that the Secret Service has standing orders to tackle Biden if he tries that . Even if these events could provide temporary relief , it 's unlikely that we will ever return to the political comedy golden years of Clinton and W. Bush . Like many Americans , we 'll simply have to learn to make do with less . However , I have an idea that is motivated solely in helping the country and not my career . It may end the toxic political climate that is plaguing us . What about a bipartisan presidential ticket in 2016 : "  Sarah Palin and Anthony Weiner " ? Think of the possibilities ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : There 's a severe downturn in the world of political comedy Obeidallah : Paul Ryan , a middle-aged white guy from the Midwest , is "  boring " He says the golden years of political comedy were during the Clinton and Bush eras Obeidallah : Comedians can only dream about a ticket like : Sarah Palin and Anthony Weiner
CNN  -- The United Nations warned Monday of a possible resurgence of the deadly avian flu virus , saying there are indications a mutant strain may be spreading in Asia . A variant strain of the H5N1 avian influenza virus , which can apparently bypass the defenses of current vaccines with unpredictable risks to humans , has appeared in Vietnam and China , the Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  stated . Circulation of the virus in Vietnam threatens Thailand , Malaysia , Cambodia , Japan and the Korean peninsula , the FAO said . The most recent death caused by avian flu occurred this month in Cambodia , where eight people have died after becoming infected this year , the organization added . The World Health Organization  WHO  says the virus has infected 565 people since it emerged in 2003 , causing 331 deaths . Avian flu has also directly killed or required the culling of over 400 million poultry and caused economic losses estimated at $ 20 billion before being eliminated from most of the 63 countries infected at its 2006 peak . The virus is still present in China , Bangladesh , India , Indonesia , Vietnam and Egypt , while areas recently affected include Nepal , Mongolia , Romania , Bulgaria , Israel and the Palestinian Territories . A geographical advance in cases of infected poultry and wild birds since 2008 has apparently been due to the movement of migratory birds , said FAO Chief Veterinary Officer Juan Lubroth . "  Wild birds may introduce the virus , but peoples ' actions in poultry production and marketing spread it , " he said . "  Preparedness and surveillance remain essential , " he warned .	U.N. warns of possible resurgence of the deadly avian flu virus Mutant strain of H5N1 virus has appeared in Vietnam and China Variant strain can apparently bypass the defenses of existing vaccines Circulation of the virus in Vietnam threatens Thailand , Malaysia , Cambodia
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Kate plus eight minus Jon equals TLC . "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " will continue without Jon Gosselin , TLC has announced . The breakup of Jon and Kate Gosselin 's marriage this year changed the composition of the reality show 's November relaunch , the network announced Tuesday . "  Given the recent changes in the family dynamics , it only makes sense for us to refresh and recalibrate the program to keep pace with the family , " TLC President Eileen O'Neill said . After 10 years of marriage , the couple announced their separation and divorce filing on a special one-hour episode of their TLC reality series "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " in June . "  I 'm tired of smiling on the outside while I 'm crying on the inside , " Kate said in June . "  I 've been doing that for a long time . " TLC says the new show , which debuts November 2 , will be "  Kate Plus 8 . " "  The family has evolved , and we are attempting to evolve with it , " O'Neill said . "  We feel that Kate 's journey really resonates with our viewers . Additionally , the network is in development on a Kate project for 2010 . " The new show will take "  a deeper focus on Kate 's role in the family and her journey as a single mother building the next chapter in her life . " Jon Gosselin will still appear , "  but on a less regular basis , " the network said . TLC will keep its "  exclusive relationship " with him , it said . Watch full report on latest on Jon Gosselin " "  The series will continue to chronicle the Gosselin family as they go on outings and tackle daily challenges and adventures , " the network said . "  It will also document Kate 's journey as a newly single mother raising 5-year-old sextuplets and 8-year-old twins . " The eight children have continued living in their Wernersville , Pennsylvania , home . Their parents have rotated in and out of the home during their time with them . There was no word from TLC if that arrangement would change . Jon Gosselin is scheduled to appear on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Thursday to discuss his reduced role on the TLC show .	TLC says Jon Gosselin is being dropped from "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " "  Kate Plus 8 " will launch November 2 , network says Jon and Kate Gosselin announced their divorce in June Network executive : New show will have "  deeper focus on Kate 's role in the family "
Washington  CNN  -- Still reeling from the Costa Concordia accident in January that left at least 30 passengers dead , two of the largest cruise ship industry organizations have announced new safety policies aimed at helping both passengers and rescuers during an emergency at sea . Under two new rules , a record of the nationality of all passengers aboard vessels will be kept on land and made readily available to search-and-rescue teams in an emergency , and passengers will be given a specific set of safety instructions during "  musters , " or safety drills . Passenger cruise ship regulations previously required companies to record the name and gender of each passenger , and to distinguish between adults , children and infants for search-and-rescue purposes . The new requirement to also record passenger nationality is intended to help ensure rescuers have key information immediately available to them in the event of an emergency . "  Certain governments have indicated that this would be very helpful in accounting for all passengers during rescue operations . In such situations , it is necessary to communicate with consulates and embassies to help locate , account for , and care for those involved in the incident , " David Peikin , Cruise Lines International Association 's director of public affairs , told CNN . "  It was conveyed to us by governments at the  International Maritime Organization  that experience has demonstrated significant value in knowing which officials to contact for this purpose . " The new rule requiring documentation of passenger nationality is not related to security concerns over terrorism , Peikin added . In the new muster policy , the 12 specific emergency instructions given to all passengers include : 1 . When and how to don a life jacket . 2 . Description of emergency signals and appropriate responses in the event of an emergency . 3 . Location of life jackets . 4 . Where to muster when the emergency signal is sounded . 5 . The method of accounting for passenger attendance at musters both for training and in the event of an actual emergency . 6 . How information will be provided in an emergency . 7 . What to expect if the master orders an evacuation of the ship . 8 . What additional safety information is available . 9 . Information on whether passengers should return to cabins prior to mustering , including specifics regarding medications , clothing , and life jackets . 10 . Description of key safety systems and features . 11 . Emergency routing systems and how to recognize emergency exits . 12 . Who to seek out for additional information . "  Our industry continues to actively identify a range of measures that will improve the safety of passengers and crew , which is the top priority of the cruise industry , " Christine Duffy , president and CEO of CLIA , said in a statement announcing the new safety policies . In February , CLIA , which represents 26 U.S. cruise ship companies , and the European Cruise Council , with 30 cruise ship companies , announced a policy change requiring all musters be performed prior to leaving port . After the Costa Concordia accident , officials learned about 600 of more than 3,000 the ship 's passengers had not participated in the muster drill because they got on the ship within hours of the accident . The massive passenger ship Costa Concordia struck rocks and rolled onto its side in shallow water off an island on Italy 's Tuscan coast on January 13 . There were roughly 4,200 people on the ship when it ran aground -- about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members , the vast majority of whom made it off the ship safely . Since the accident , the cruise line industry has been under pressure to improve safety measures in place during emergencies . Industry representatives have met several times since the disaster to address concerns . More changes to safety procedures are expected in the coming months .	Groups representing U.S. and European cruise companies announce new safety policies The nationality of all passengers is to be recorded along with names and ages Instructions to be given to passengers during safety drills are spelled out
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A potent stash of Russian-made surface-to-air missiles is missing from a huge Tripoli weapons warehouse amid reports of weapons looting across war-torn Libya . They are Grinch SA-24 shoulder-launched missiles , also known as Igla-S missiles , the equivalent of U.S.-made Stinger missiles . A CNN team and Human Rights Watch found dozens of empty crates marked with packing lists and inventory numbers that identified the items as Igla-S surface-to-air missiles . The list for one box , for example , written in English and Russian , said it had contained two missiles , with inventory number "  Missile 9M342 , " and a power source , inventory number "  Article 9B238 . " Grinch SA-24s are designed to target front-line aircraft , helicopters , cruise missiles and drones . They can shoot down a plane flying as high as 11,000 feet and can travel 19,000 feet straight out . Fighters aligned with the National Transitional Council and others swiped armaments from the storage facility , witnesses told Human Rights Watch . The warehouse is located near a base of the Khamis Brigade , a special forces unit in Gadhafi 's military , in the southeastern part of the capital . The warehouse contains mortars and artillery rounds , but there are empty crates for those items as well . There are also empty boxes for another surface-to-air missile , the SA-7 . Peter Bouckaert , Human Rights Watch emergencies director , told CNN he has seen the same pattern in armories looted elsewhere in Libya , noting that "  in every city we arrive , the first thing to disappear are the surface-to-air missiles . " He said such missiles can fetch many thousands of dollars on the black market . "  We are talking about some 20,000 surface-to-air missiles in all of Libya , and I 've seen cars packed with them . " he said . "  They could turn all of North Africa into a no-fly zone . " There was no immediate comment from NTC officials . The lack of security at the weapons site raises concerns about stability in post-Gadhafi Libya and whether the new NTC leadership is doing enough to stop the weapons from getting into the wrong hands . A NATO official , who asked to not be named because he was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter , said 575 surface-to-air missiles , radar systems and sites or storage facilities were hit by NATO airstrikes and either damaged or destroyed between March 31 and Saturday . He did n't elaborate on the specifics about the targets . Gen. Carter Ham , chief of U.S. Africa Command , has said he 's concerned about the proliferation of weapons , most notably the shoulder-fired surface-to-air missiles . He said there were about 20,000 in Libya when the international operation began earlier this year and many of them have not been accounted for . "  That 's going to be a concern for some period of time , " he said in April . Gilles de Kerchove , the European Union counterterrorism coordinator , raised concerns Monday about the possibility that al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , based in North Africa , could gain access to small arms , machine guns and surface-to-air missiles . Western officials worry that weapons from the storage sites will end up in the hands of militants or adversaries like Iran . The governments of neighboring Niger and Chad have both said that weapons from Libya are already being smuggled into their countries , and they are destined for al Qaeda . They include detonators and a plastic explosive called Semtex . Chad 's president said they include SA-7 missiles . An ethnic Tuareg leader in the northern Niger city of Agadez also said many weapons have come across the border . He said he and other Tuareg leaders are anxious about Gadhafi 's Tuareg fighters returning home -- with their weapons -- and making common cause with al Qaeda cells in the region . Gadhafi 's fighting forces have included mercenaries from other African nations . The missing weapons also conjure fears of what happened in Iraq , where people grabbed scores of weapons when Saddam Hussein 's regime was overthrown . Bouckaert said one or two of the missing artillery rounds are "  enough to make a car bomb . " "  We should remember what happened in Iraq , " he said , when the "  country was turned upside down " by insurgents using such weaponry . There have been similar concerns in Afghanistan , where the United States provided thousands of Stinger missiles to the Afghan mujahedeen when they were fighting the Soviets in the 1980s . The United States has spent hundreds of millions of dollars trying to buy them back , fearful that they would fall into the hands of terrorists . CNN 's Emily Smith , Tim Lister , Joe Sterling and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	NEW : Gen. Carter Ham expresses concern over the missiles SA-24s are the equivalent of U.S. Stinger missiles The warehouse is in southeastern Tripoli The missing weaponry stirs fears of instability
CNN  -- U.S. luxury bridal designer Vera Wang 's first store in China has gotten off to an unfashionable start . Amid cries of discrimination , the company announced Wednesday it would scrap a controversial policy of charging customers a nearly $ 500 fee to try on clothes . The store , which had its soft launch in Shanghai in January , has been charging customers a RMB 3000  US $ 480  fee for a 90-minute appointment to try on its famous wedding gowns . The non-refundable fee would be credited toward any purchase made . Local media and netizens have decried the fee , exclusive to the Shanghai store , as discriminatory to Chinese customers . Some speculated that the fee was intended to discourage efforts to copy Wang 's coveted bridal designs , which can run several thousand dollars per gown . "  In the United States , they say unmarried women want a Vera Wang gown , divorced women miss their Vera Wang gown , women remarrying are glad they can have a Vera Wang gown , " wrote user Wumei120 on the popular Sina Weibo microblogging platform . "  Each Vera Wang wedding dress is a piece of fine art . To see such wonderful work , girls can not help but want one . " A search for Vera Wang dresses on Taobao , a popular online marketplace , revealed prices for as low as RMB 273  US $ 44  for knock-off versions . A spokeswoman at the Shanghai store would not confirm if the fee was aimed at discouraging copycat efforts , emphasizing only that it ensured a "  luxury shopping experience , " complete with a personal shopping assistant and afternoon tea . She said the store had been instructed via e-mail on Wednesday to adhere to the brand 's global standards and scrap the fee upon its grand opening , which the company has previously announced as April 29 . Vera Wang 's collections were previously distributed in China only through high-end boutiques and department stores . Chinese consumers currently account for approximately 27 % of worldwide luxury consumption , according to a December report by management consultancy McKinsey & Co. . It called China the "  paramount driver of growth " in the luxury sector , estimating its consumers would make up 34 % of global luxury spending by 2015 . Alexis Lai reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Lucrezia Seu reported from Beijing .	U.S. luxury bridal designer Vera Wang 's first store in China charging US$ 480 to try on clothes Fee was exclusive to Shanghai store , prompting cries of discrimination against Chinese Some speculated fee was intended to discourage copycat designs Vera Wang spokesperson said fee would be scrapped upon official opening of store in April
Beijing  CNN  -- As China looks to usher in its next generation of leaders , one of the messiest political scandals to hit the ruling Communist Party in years continues to fester . Two weeks after Gu Kailai was given a suspended death sentence in connection with the death of a British businessman , many are wondering : What will happen to her husband , Bo Xilai ? Bo , 64 , is a Communist Party "  princeling . " His father was a contemporary of Chairman Mao and Deng Xiaoping , and until recently Bo was a rising star in Chinese politics . He was already in the party 's 25-member Politburo and was seen as a contender for the nine-member Standing Committee that runs China . But his political career unraveled abruptly when his wife , a lawyer and business consultant , was accused of murdering businessman Neil Heywood . Gu Kailai avoids execution Gu 's recent trial and conviction was swift . Although short in credibility , it has allowed Bo 's political rivals to sideline him . He has been in detention since April after being removed from his post in the Politburo and as the Party chief in Chongqing , a sprawling city in southwest China of more than 30 million people . Curiously , Gu 's trial avoided any connections between Bo and the murder . In fact , Bo 's name was not even mentioned during the seven-hour trial . Murder trial at heart of Chinese political scandal Analysts say Bo would probably escape criminal charges but is likely to be expelled from the Chinese Communist Party  CCP  . "  Getting expelled from the CCP is the nail in the coffin , " said David Zweig , a professor at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . Still , some analysts say Beijing is handling Bo with care . "  Excessively harsh treatment of Bo may cause a small earthquake in the political system because he is part of this network of princelings who also occupy important positions in the government and the military , " said Wenfang Tang from the University of Iowa in the United States . Gu Kailai , the woman who had it all The Bo affair has already sparked China 's most serious political crisis in decades and has revealed fissures in the top echelons of the normally opaque Communist Party . "  Bo  was definitely part of this factional warfare , " said Geremie Barme , a Sinologist and author who teaches at the Australia National University . "  I think of Chinese factions as developing the moment somebody falls foul of the system . " This infighting comes ahead of the 18th Communist Party Congress . Bo Xilai 's fall from grace Much is at stake . The Congress , likely to be held in October , will announce the new lineup of leaders who will run China in the next decade . Jockeying for top positions is at final stage . Another hot issue is the size of the Standing Committee , currently a nine-member body that runs the country . Some reports say the new body might be pared down to seven members to make it more nimble and efficient -- and to drop from the elite body one slot reserved for the head of the Communist Party Central Commission on Political and Legal Affairs . This Leninist body manages China 's police , judges , lawyers and courts nationwide . It is now headed by Zhou Yongkang , believed to be an ally of Bo . Bo and Gu on trial , in different ways Other reports say it will remain a nine-member body to accommodate more representatives of the various factions . Just as contentious are debates over policies . "  I suspect the agenda of the Congress will include such issues as social welfare , energy , environment , inequality and anti-corruption , " said Zweig . Ironically , they are some of the issues that Bo championed in Chongqing . "  Websites suggest Bo has public support , but the new leadership can have ` Boism without Bo , ' which means more housing for the poor , efforts to narrow inequality and fight corruption , " Zweig added . Chinese media last week said the Party is launching yet another five-year plan to curb corruption . Lately the Chinese media have reported a slew of egregious graft cases . For example , Wang Guoqiang , the party chief of Fengcheng city in northeastern Liaoning province , has reportedly fled to the U.S. allegedly with a loot of over $ 31 million , while Chinese police have put on their wanted list a certain Feng Sun -- the president of a local bank in Jiangying , Jiangsu province -- who is believed to have fled to Thailand with this family with stolen assets worth millions of dollars . Small fry are easily caught . In Shaanxi province , a village party chief was recently sentenced to 12 years in prison for allegedly swindling friends and the local government of millions in public funds , including money allocated for road construction . "  Corruption is one of the top reasons for the public dissatisfaction with the government , " said Tang . "  Clearly it hurts the very legitimacy of the CCP rule . " Yet , despite repeated campaigns , the CCP has failed to eliminate the scourge . One reason , China watchers say , is its sheer prevalence in and outside the Party . "  It 's hard for a leader to stay clean when people find clever ways to bribe his or her spouse and other family members , " Tang said . The Party faces the other challenge of managing people 's expectations . "  Things are a lot better now , but certainly there are a lot of people who are not doing well , " observed Mike Chinoy , a former CNN correspondent and now a senior fellow at the University of Southern California 's U.S.-China Institute in Los Angeles . "  The party needs to figure out how to be more responsive to the people . They ca n't just rule by dictate . " That is no longer possible , Chinoy explained , because of the emergence of the Internet and social networking services such as China 's Twitter-like service , Weibo . "  The party can not just tell people what to do , " he said . "  It 's a much more interactive , back-and-forth process , so it 's a brand new world for the party . " Adapting to the changing times , he added , will be the underlying theme of the upcoming Communist Party Congress .	Bo Xilai was a rising star in China 's Communist Party before being removed from office His wife , Gu Kailai , was recently convicted of murdering a British businessman The Bo affair has already sparked China 's most serious political crisis in decades Analysts believe it has highlighted fissures in the top echelon of the Party
CNN  -- "  I 'm angry at having presided over the first genocide of the 21st century , " said Mukesh Kapila , a British doctor and former U.N. official . Mukesh Kapila said atrocities in Darfur could have been prevented if the world had taken action sooner . He was referring to what he considers the world 's ineffective response to mass atrocities in Darfur , Sudan 's western region . "  What happened in Darfur would be classified as obscene , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  It 's a combination of a horror movie and a snuff movie . " Kapila was the United Nations ' top official in Sudan . He took up his post as resident and humanitarian coordinator in 2003 , just a few months after rebels from Darfur 's African tribes attacked outposts of Sudan 's government , which is led by Arabs . The government 's retaliation was so harsh that a U.N. human rights monitor issued a prophetic warning . His March 2003 report said that in the "  escalating conflict , " Sudan 's government may be "  engaged in ... ethnic cleansing aimed at eliminating African tribes from Darfur . " Unfortunately , Kapila says , the report "  disappeared into a big hole " because the world 's attention was on Iraq , where a U.S.-led coalition had gone to war to topple Saddam Hussein 's regime . Watch as Kapila describes his anger at the lack of attention on Darfur " Since 2003 , according to U.N. estimates , 300,000 Darfuris have been killed in the violence or died in the ensuing disease and starvation . Another 2.5 million have been uprooted from their homes . Kapila says it did n't have to be , and the man who was his boss at the time agrees . "  The most bitter lesson of Darfur , " said Jan Egeland , former U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs , "  is that the world let a small conflict slowly but surely degenerate into a full-blown catastrophe . " As reports of atrocities mounted in late 2003 and into 2004 , Kapila and Egeland saw a pattern : Sudanese forces and government-armed Arab militia members known as janjaweed  "  devils on horseback "  were using scorched-earth tactics against civilians from Darfur 's African tribes . They burned villages , poisoned wells and raped women and girls , according to reports from U.N. workers and aid groups . Sudan claims that its forces were only putting down an armed insurrection . "  I think the problems which have been happening in Darfur are problems which can be happening in any place of the world where there is a war , " Sudanese Interior Minister Ibrahim Hamid said . "  There are crimes , but it 's not like what has been reflected in the international media . " But that 's not what Kapila was hearing . He kept getting reports of more Darfuris killed or driven from their land and Arabs talking about making Darfur "  zurka-free " -- "  zurka " being a derogatory term for blacks . Unlike cyclones and earthquakes , the humanitarian disaster unfolding in Darfur was man-made , so Kapila and Egeland began a crusade to get Darfur onto the U.N. Security Council 's agenda . They knew from experience that getting an issue in front of the Security Council brings , as Egeland says , three things : "  attention , attention , attention . " Both Egeland and Kapila approached Western governments but came away disappointed because most diplomats were focused on resolving another conflict , in southern Sudan , which had claimed 2 million lives over 20 years . The international community did respond with an emergency relief operation for the growing number of refugees who were running for their lives . But Kapila and Egeland wanted more . They believed that Darfur was not only a humanitarian crisis but also a human rights crisis that required action from the U.N. Security Council . Out of frustration , Kapila went outside proper channels and screamed to the media . In a March 2004 interview with BBC Radio , Kapila compared the situation in Darfur to the 1994 genocide in Rwanda . His comments , which Sudan called a "  heap of lies , " were picked up by newspapers around the world . Kapila so angered the host government in Khartoum that he had to resign his post . Even after the Security Council put Darfur on the agenda , it would take three more years of resolutions and debate to authorize a large U.N. peacekeeping force . China , which has veto power on the Security Council and extensive commercial and military ties to the government of Sudan , was one of the major obstacles to taking decisive action . But as conditions in Darfur became more widely known , a grass-roots movement began to grow , putting pressure on the White House and a spotlight on the U.N. Security Council . According to Holocaust survivor and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel , "  no other tragedy since 1945 has caught the imagination of so many people as Darfur has . " Then-Secretary of State Colin Powell and President Bush characterized the killing in Darfur as "  genocide . " Human rights groups documented China 's strong ties to Sudan . And activists , including actress Mia Farrow and other celebrities , campaigned to tag the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics as the "  genocide Olympics . " Over time and under pressure , Chinese diplomats helped persuade Sudan to accept a U.N.-led peacekeeping force with the understanding that many of the troops would come from African countries . Would earlier action by the Security Council have made a difference ? "  Yes , " Egeland said . "  We would have kept it to a medium-sized African disaster . Not this mega-disaster . It could have been stopped when it was a small emergency . " In July , the prosecutor for the International Criminal Court applied for a warrant to arrest Sudan 's president , Gen. Omar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir , on charges of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity . Read the charges against Sudan 's president  pdf Sudan denies the charges and has promised to punish anyone who has attacked innocent civilians .	Mukesh Kapila was the United Nations ' top official in Sudan in 2003 Since that year , an estimated 300,000 Darfuris have been killed or died He says a U.N. monitor 's warning of violence "  disappeared into a big hole " Kapila says atrocities could have been prevented if the world had taken action sooner
New York  CNN  -- The commuter train that jumped its tracks in the Bronx was barreling into a curve at nearly three times the posted speed when it derailed , killing four passengers , federal safety officials said Monday . Preliminary data from the event recorders aboard the train clocked it at 82 mph as it approached the 30-mph curve , where the Hudson and Harlem rivers converge , National Transportation Safety Board member Earl Weener told reporters . The data show the engineer cut the throttle and slammed on the brakes , but those moves came "  very late in the game , " Weener said . "  This is raw data off the event recorders , so it tells us what happened . It does n't tell us why it happened , " Weener said . Investigators questioned the engineer , William Rockefeller , and the rest of the train crew on Monday . Rockefeller told investigators he applied the brakes , but the train did n't slow down , according to a law enforcement official who was at the scene and is familiar with the investigation . But while the cause of the derailment has not yet been determined , investigators have seen no indication of brake problems , Weener said . All seven coaches and the locomotive came off the tracks in the Sunday morning crash on New York 's Metro-North Hudson line . In addition to the four dead , at least 67 more were hurt . Three remained in critical condition Monday night , and 16 others were still hospitalized , hospitals told CNN . The train 's recorded speed is not only far faster than the rated speed for the curve where the derailment occurred , it 's faster than the 70 mph posted for the section of track that led into the curve , Weener said . The force of the crash ripped apart the rails and a section of the track bed , leaving chunks of concrete strewn about the scene . David Schanoes , a former deputy chief of field operations for the Metro-North line , said the data is "  uncannily similar " to a July rail crash in Spain that left 79 dead . "  I would have to see all the data from the event recorder , " Schanoes told CNN 's Erin Burnett OutFront . "  But clearly , from what has been captured , the train was overspeeding , and the request for emergency brake application comes too late for the train to be able to negotiate the curvature . " Weener said authorities will be looking at the engineer 's recent work history and will examine his mobile phone , which is now in the hands of authorities . In the Spanish crash , a court found the engineer had been on the phone with railway staff when the train derailed . But a preliminary review has found no reason to believe Rockefeller was using his phone at the time of Sunday 's derailment , a senior law enforcement official familiar with the investigation told CNN . In a statement issued Monday evening , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the data "  makes clear that , as we suspected , extreme speed was a central cause of this crash . " "  The lives that were lost yesterday are a stark reminder that protecting the safety of all New Yorkers must be our top priority , " Cuomo said . "  When the investigation concludes , we will make sure that any responsible parties are held accountable . My thoughts and prayers continue to be with the families of the victims of yesterday 's crash . " The Hudson Line carried 15.9 million people last year . About 150 were aboard when the train derailed , authorities said . U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer said the speed report "  sort of takes your breath away . " "  For a train to be going 82 mph around that curve is just a frightening thought , " said Schumer , D-New York , who appeared at a news conference with Weener . "  The fact that it was going 82 mph even in the 70-mph zones before the curve started raises so many questions and is scary . " Schumer said the tracks appear to have been in good shape , and the preliminary indication is that signals were working properly -- "  but it 's premature to blame anyone or anything right now , " he added . ` It was just smoke ' The train was about 10 miles short of its destination , Manhattan 's Grand Central Terminal , when it derailed on the approach to the Spuyten Duyvil station in the Bronx . Despite the high speed , surviving passenger Amanda Swanson said she felt the wreck in slow motion . "  I was nodding off , and the thing that woke me up was my own equilibrium , " Swanson told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 . "  I realized that my body was tilted very severely , and that woke me up -- and when I woke up and saw the entire cab of the train was tilted , I immediately woke up and realized that I was in the middle of a train crash . " The windows of the coaches broke out and then , "  gravel came flying up in our faces , " said Swanson , 26 , who was on her way to work at a Midtown Manhattan restaurant . She put her bag in front of her face to block the rubble as the car she was riding in flipped over and skidded to a stop with a thud . "  I could n't see anything , " she told CNN 's New Day . "  It was just smoke . " Workers lifted the rail cars back onto the tracks on Monday , and police determined no other bodies were trapped in the wreckage . Beth Barret , who sent photos to CNN 's iReport , called the scene "  very surreal and very scary . " "  It was a scene straight out of a sci-fi movie , " Barret said . Cameras may have caught deadly derailment It 's not the first time a train jumped the tracks on that turn . A freight train derailed in the same curve in July , damaging about 1,500 feet of track , the Metropolitan Transit Authority reported at the time . Mary Schiavo , a former inspector-general for the U.S. Department of Transportation , said investigators should take a close look at the sharp curve . "  It has been there forever , but the fact that we 've had other accidents there means we have to look beyond just the fact that the train engineer said that brakes were not working , " she said . "  We have to see if there 's additional issues concerning that track . " Weener said the agency would look into whether there was any connection between the July derailment and Sunday 's crash , but both he and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo discounted the possibility . "  The curve has been here for many , many years , right , and trains take the curve every day , 365 days a year ... We 've always had this configuration . We did n't have accidents , " Cuomo said Sunday . "  So there has to be another factor . " Authorities also are looking for video that may have captured the derailment , safety board spokesman Keith Holloway said . Railroad officials have said there were no video cameras aboard the train . Weener said security cameras from a nearby bridge captured the train 's approach , but the image is small and obscured by a cloud of dust . Video technicians in Washington will try to recover some usable imagery from the recording , he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " Metro-North Railroad inspects its tracks twice a week , spokeswoman Marjorie Anders said . The most recent inspection found the track was "  OK for normal operations . " She said the train was n't equipped with positive train control -- a high-tech system designed to slow down or stop trains to prevent crashes caused by human error . Anders said the railroad conducted routine drug and alcohol tests on crew members but has not released the results . Rockefeller appeared coherent at the scene , and there was no indication he was intoxicated , said a high-ranking law enforcement official who is part of the investigation . Anthony Bottalico , general chairman of the union that represents Rockefeller and the train 's conductors , said the crew members are also eager to find out what caused the crash and "  make sure it does n't ever happen again . " "  Hopefully over the next day or two , there will be some kind of idea or closure , " he said . The victims The MTA identified those killed as Donna L. Smith , 54 , of Newburgh , New York ; James G. Lovell , 58 , of Cold Spring , New York ; James M. Ferrari , 59 , of Montrose , New York ; and So Kisook Ahn , 35 , of Queens , New York . Lovell did freelance audio and was headed into New York to work Sunday morning , said Dave Merandy , a town council member in the Hudson Valley community of Philipstown . "  He loved his family and did what was necessary to keep things afloat with his family . He was a great man , " Merandy said . One of the survivors suffered a spinal cord injury that could leave him paralyzed from the neck down , said Dr. David Listman , director of the emergency department at St. Barnabas Hospital in the Bronx . The man is the father of a 14-year-old boy who was released from the hospital Sunday . "  It 's hard to understand how they were sitting next to each other on the train , and the son walks away with minor bruises , and the father sustained such a severe injury , " Listman said . While patients with severe fractures could be released from the hospital Monday , he said , they may require further treatment and mental health care after surviving the devastating accident . "  For a lot of these people , the train was their way of commuting to work . I think a lot of these people are going to have to contend with getting back to normal life , " he said . "  I think that 's going to be very difficult for them . " Train crash victim was ` pure goodness , ' widow says CNN 's Alexandra Field reported from New York . CNN 's Matt Smith , Holly Yan and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Eden Pontz , AnneClaire Stapleton , Rene Marsh , Kate Bolduan , Wolf Blitzer , Polina Marinova , Lorenzo Ferrigno , Alexandra Field , Kristina Sgueglia , Jon Auerbach , Dana Garrett , Shimon Prokupecz , Mike M. Ahlers and Haley Draznin contributed to this report .	NEW : Crash is "  uncannily similar " to one in Spain in July , former rail executive says The doomed commuter train was doing 82 mph as it went into a curve , NTSB says The throttle was cut and brakes applied "  very late in the game , " NTSB official says Nineteen people remain hospitalized after the crash , which killed four
CNN  -- The third "  B " in the collapse of our national security system and the State Department hit this week . The release of five very high-value terrorist leaders as a swap for one U.S. serviceman was the third strike against the Obama administration 's policy of defeat , dishonesty and self-delusion . When Congress starts investigating the Bergdahl case it must broaden the analysis to look at the common patterns which connect it to the administration 's approach on two other national security questions : Boko Haram and Benghazi . The first was Hillary Clinton 's State Department 's decision from 2011 to 2013 to reject requests by the FBI , CIA , Justice Department and many congressmen and senators on both sides of the aisle to list Nigeria 's Boko Haram as a terrorist organization . Well before Boko Haram abducted more than 200 girls from a school in northern Nigeria in April , the State Department 's arguments for keeping the Nigerian extremist group off the list were almost exactly the arguments used to distort what happened in Benghazi , Libya , on September 11 , 2012 , and to justify releasing five extraordinarily dangerous Taliban leaders . Boko Haram , we were told , was a local organization without aspirations to international terrorism . This assessment required us to ignore the fact that Boko Haram 's first base camp in northern Nigeria was called "  Afghanistan " in honor of the Taliban . It required us to ignore the fact that the group burned Christian churches on Christmas Day . It required us to ignore the fact that members of Boko Haram went to Yemen , Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan for training . None of this , self-delusional "  experts " in the State Department assured us , meant that Boko Haram was a "  real " terrorist organization . Then in 2012 came riots in Cairo and Benghazi , among other places in the Muslim world . These were not caused by vicious , anti-American religious extremists , the experts assured us -- that would have violated the State Department ethos of appeasing others and blaming ourselves -- but by a YouTube video . Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton eventually went so far as to disavow the content of the video on behalf of the American people . Just as the apology machine began to run at full speed , blaming the obscure filmmaker and absolving the mob of its permanent willingness to attack the United States for any reason , along came the attack that killed the American ambassador and three other Americans in Benghazi . The self-deluding national security machine lied to the entire country and denied what really happened at Benghazi . The driving force in the lies was the Clinton State Department , which specifically asked for the intelligence community analysis to be changed . Now we have the most disastrous of the three "  B 's " : Bergdahl . While we can be glad an American soldier has been returned from captivity , the release of five senior enemy commanders is a defeat of the first order . Taliban leader Mullah Omar declared the swap a great victory . The Taliban got everything it asked for . This swap was a surrender , not a negotiation . It 's likely that the five Taliban leaders will all go into action immediately . The notion that their presence in Qatar restricts them is just one more example of self-delusion and dishonesty by the State Department . Both the Treasury and the State Department have identified Qatar as a hot bed of fundraising for radical Islamists . The Qataris have consistently meddled in Middle Eastern countries on the side of radicals and against the U.S. . The return of the senior Taliban commanders is as big a defeat as America has suffered in a very long time . Who knows how many will die when these five leaders resume their war against the West ? Taliban video shows Bowe Bergdahl 's release in Afghanistan President Barack Obama released the five Taliban leaders without ever consulting his Afghan "  allies , " who must feel very threatened between the previous week 's announcement by the president of an arbitrary American withdrawal date and now the unilateral release of five of their mortal enemies . The Left 's selfishness , self-centeredness and duplicity abandons allies when they become "  inconvenient . " Obama 's foreign policy successes seem to come at enormous cost to other people . The president 's argument that we simply had to cut a deal for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl because of his health goes against the American experience in every recent war . In Vietnam , many American prisoners of war were held longer than Bergdahl and 114 died in captivity . In the Korean War , more than 7,100 Americans became prisoners of war and just over 2,700 are known to have died in captivity . The six soldiers at center of Bergdahl debate What President Obama really did this week is to guarantee a much lower military interest in risking life and limb to take high-value prisoners alive given that there is now a possibility that they will released in the future . Instead , missions will be more focused on killing than capturing these targets . Hillary Clinton wanted tougher deal for Bergdahl , former officials say The Obama team clearly believed that chanting "  We Do n't Leave Americans Behind " would be a winning argument . Every spokesperson for the administration repeated the line . Susan Rice , now national security adviser , replayed her post-Benghazi role of going on Sunday shows and either misleading or lying to the American people , claiming that this was "  a joyous day . " One final example of the Left 's passion for self-delusion and dishonesty . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel asserted that we never negotiated with the Taliban . Other administration figures took up that claim . Opinion : Five tough ethics issues in Bergdahl swap It is so pathetic a lie it is hard to understand how he could say it with a straight face . The claim is that the Qataris talked to the Taliban . In this case , of course , the Qataris were our agents and were negotiating for us . But we are asked to indulge the deceit . The State Department may be the second-most urgent reform target after Veterans Affairs . Congress should link together the three "  B 's " and understand that we are faced with delusion across our national security apparatus . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich says the problems with the Bergdahl case are part of a larger pattern He links the Nigerian terror group Boko Haram and deaths in Benghazi to soldier 's release He calls the swap for five prisoners a surrender , not a negotiation
MANAMA , Bahrain  CNN  -- Suryavathi Rao entered her 40th year in what can be called no man 's land . A protestor locked in a suitcase reading "  Stop Human Trafficking " in Germany last year . A domestic worker from India , she arrived at a shelter in the Gulf state of Bahrain one morning with only a nightgown , slippers , and a prayer for a better life . "  I had to leave because it was getting too difficult for me , " she said . "  I have not brought any clothes , I have not brought personal belongings , all I brought with me is a Bible . " Rao says her employer -- a family with eight children who sponsored her journey here -- did not pay her the monthly salary of just over $ 100 for six months . Having fled her employer 's home , she is now considered an illegal resident on the island . Marietta Dias , who runs the Migrant Workers Society , says the mind-set regarding immigrant workers here has got to change . Some employers treat their help as "  not a person but a machine  that  starts in the morning : Put on a switch  and  work consistently right through the day . Take care of the children , washing , cleaning , cooking , right down to cleaning  the  car . " The exploitation of workers is a huge business worldwide . People forced to work without pay collectively lose more than $ 20 billion a year in earnings , according to a report from the United Nations International Labour Organization released Tuesday . Global profits from human trafficking and forced labor have reached $ 36 billion , according to the United Nations , and that sum is climbing . "  Forced labor is the antithesis of decent work , " ILO Director-General Juan Somavia said in a statement as the report became public . "  It causes untold human suffering and steals from its victims . " "  It is the vulnerable who suffer the most " in times of economic crisis like the present , the report says . It took years for governments to acknowledge the problem . Now the biggest challenges , officials say , are the implementation and enforcement of laws . "  Eighty percent of forced labor is in the private economy , but this is very , very rarely been prosecuted , if at all in most countries , " said Roger Plant , one of the authors of the ILO report . Part of the problem is that the law is often hazy . "  There 's a whole lot of gray areas where intermediate agents , sub-brokers , are taking advantage of loopholes in the law in order to extract large amounts of money from vulnerable people , uninformed  people  who are going off to work in a country where they do n't speak the language , " Plant said . But for him , the bottom line is clear . "  There is some absolutely flagrant forced labor where the offenders must be put behind bars . Forced labor is a serious criminal offense and must be treated as such , " he said . Labor markets need a regulatory overhaul like the one financial markets are now facing , he argued . "  Because labor markets are too deregulated there are too many options for people to act in an unethical way , " he said . "  After the havoc in the financial markets , people are realizing they need some monitoring , licensing , regulation . You 've got to do the same on the labor markets , " he said . The ILO tried to set standards for private agencies that place workers , he said . "  But we 're finding is that there is a number of totally unknown , unlicensed and unregulated labor workers at the bottom end of the market , and there is broker after broker , intermediate after intermediate getting cash -- getting some money from the worker , " he said . "  Usually it is in the very much down the bottom in the informal sector , in the developing countries , but we are finding that sometimes this is pervading even larger recruitment agencies . " Bahrain , where Suryavathi Rao fled her employer , is considered a reformer on labor issues . The Gulf state has introduced the Labour Market Regulatory Authority to register and track workers of all types . "  People were not familiar with the definition of human trafficking and most of the time they were n't accepting that is phenomena is actually here in our region , " Abdulaziz bin Mubarak Al-Khalifa of the country 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said . A top priority is to reduce the role of middlemen who take sizable fees -- sometimes a year 's salary plus interest , he said . But worldwide , prosecutions are comparatively rare , said Antonio Maria Costa , under secretary-general of the United Nations . "  Only a few thousand people were criminalized in the underworld in the past 2-3 years -- a fraction of the criminals who actually prey upon victims . " The average , according to labor officials , is one prosecution for every 800 cases -- a rate that keeps workers like Suryavathi Rao , and millions more , vulnerable to exploitation .	Global profits from human trafficking , forced labor reach $ 36 billion , U.N. says Eighty percent of forced labor is in private economy , says ILO report author Bahrain has introduced the Labour Market Regulatory Authority to register workers Bahrain Foreign Ministry : Top priority is to reduce role of middlemen
Washington  CNN  -- As portions of the Arab world struggle to extinguish decades of oppression and dictorial rule , the rights and opportunities for women in these societies stand at a delicate precipice , U.S. State Department officials told a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee Wednesday . "  This is not a favor to women , it is not simply a nice thing to do , " Melanne Verveer , Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women 's Issues , said at a hearing called to examine the role of women in the aftermath of the Arab Spring . "  No country can get ahead when it leaves half of its people behind , " and does not allow women an opportunity to participate in the economic development of their societies , she said . Verveer said Tunisia , with its long history of women 's rights enshrined in its constitution , and strong middle class shows great promise . With its first election recently since the revolution in which close to a quarter of the seats in Parliament were won by women , Verveer said it would be interesting to see the role women play in pushing the Tunisia forward . On the other hand , Egypt is "  extremely complicated and worrisome , " Verveer said , with no women included on the committee that drafted Egypt 's transitional constitutional declaration , and only one female member serving in the cabinet . Verveer also pointed out that the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has not appointed any female governors , and said some conservative and political forces are calling for a rollback on women 's rights in the more open political environment . Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , expressed concern for the rights of religious minorities in predominantly Muslim societies . "  Certainly , if women can not freely worship and are being threatened with murder their human rights are not being duly respected , " he said , and questioned the role of women in Libya in light of recent calls by Libya 's National Transitional Council to enact Islamic law in the country . While Verveer noted the NTC has said they have no intention of establishing an Islamic theocracy , "  vigilance is critical , speaking out against violations is critical " in ensuring the rights of women and minorities are respected in this time of transition she said . "  This moment of change presents a great strategic opportunity for the United States , " Deputy Assistant Secretary Tamara Wittes told the committee . With the implementation of democracy and universal rights , Wittes said the rising Arab population of young men and women can push back against the narrative of extremists in their societies . Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , R-New Hampshire inquired about but what kind of "  buy in " the men in Arab Spring countries are giving to equal rights for women ? "  It 's checkered , " Verveer said . "  No good cause for women happens without the good men , " and working with those who understand that unless women are part of the political and economic process , their countries will be set back she said . The United States , which along with states like Iran and Somalia , has yet to ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women , should do so , said Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California . She said repressive governments could use that fact as a pretext to not live up to their own obligations under it . The U.N.-sponsored treaty has languished in the U.S. Senate since its adoption in 1979 .	Senate panel holds hearing on role of women in Arab Spring nations While Tunisia 's shows great promise , the picture in Egypt is "  worrisome " Some conservative and political forces are calling for a rollback on women 's rights Rights advocate : "  No country can get ahead when it leaves half of its people behind "
CNN  -- Hurricane season will soon be upon the Caribbean -- a time of year when storms and strong winds lash many of the islands so popular as vacation destinations for travelers across the world . Currently , however , a different tempest is raging between two neighboring countries over something far more trivial , but no less volatile -- soccer . Haiti and Jamaica are the latest nations to become embroiled in an unseemly spat that was born on the football field but quickly escalated to dominate and strain diplomatic channels . Not in doubt is the fact that Haiti 's under-17 team had their dream of reaching the soccer World Cup crushed after being forced to withdraw from a qualifying tournament hosted by Jamaica . Pretty much everything else is up for debate . Jamaica claims that two Haiti players , and their coach , tested positive for malaria and the rest of the team were quarantined to safeguard the public from the disease . Haiti says the three individuals in question were not properly cared for and that the rest of the delegation were detained , forced to take anti-malarial drugs and treated like "  criminals " up until their departure . Upon returning home Haiti officials promptly recalled their charge d'affaires to Jamaica , while a protest saw thousands march through the capital Port-au-Prince to protest against the treatment meted out to the youth team . Jamaica insists the matter is now closed after an assurance from Haitian President René Préval , but those closely involved in the saga are in no mood to forgive or forget . It is not the first time the beautiful game has been the catalyst for a diplomatic flashpoint . The most notorious row ended in a four-day war between El Salvador and Honduras . The bordering nations had been at odds over issues of migration and land reform in 1969 when they were drawn to play each other in qualifying for the 1970 World Cup . The two legs prompted violent clashes between fans , the cutting of diplomatic ties and skirmishes on the border before Salvador launched bombing raids shortly after . Four days later a cease-fire deal was clinched . And more recently , World Cup qualifying also sparked conflict between African neighbors Egypt and Algeria in 2009 as the Algerian team bus was stoned in Cairo . Algeria then refused to allow an Egyptian plane to land , prompting a recall of ambassadors . Scuffles dominated the matches between the pair as Algeria claimed a place at the 2010 World Cup at the expense of their great rivals . Back in the Caribbean , the disagreement over what happened to the team continues to cause diplomatic tension . Jamaican medical officials forced the squad to stay in hospital , after three of the party displayed symptoms of malaria -- but the approach was heavy-handed according to the head of Haitian soccer . "  The medical team were repressive , aggressive and hostile , " Dr Yves Jean-Bart , president of the Haiti Football Federation who accompanied the players on their trip to the tournament , wrote in his official report seen by CNN . "  They were not allowed to eat or shower despite being declared sick with borderline temperatures . " The rest of the group , despite refusing , were made to take anti-malaria drugs and then quarantined in their hotel by armed security guards until their failure to field a team against El Salvador confirmed elimination from the tournament . The Haitian FA described the move as "  Machiavellian " in the report mentioned above . As soon as the Haiti contingent landed back on home soil , the crisis escalated and both governments became involved . Cue a flurry of communications from , among others , Jamaica 's Prime Minister Bruce Golding , claiming the country 's dealings with the Haitian delegation were entirely legitimate and in line with its health protocols . Golding told the Jamaican House of Representatives he regretted how the issue had been "  sensationalized " and that language problems between the two parties may have exacerbated the situation . But Jean-Bart persisted to note in his official report that his players had received "  psychological aggression " and "  medical persecution " at the hands of their Jamaican hosts . He told CNN that as far as he is concerned "  the matter is not closed ... because it 's a discrimination act against our Haitian people . Jamaica has to apologize to our young players before relations are restored . " Myrtha Desulme , president of the Haiti-Jamaica Society in Kingston , told CNN that Haitians on every continent would be "  outraged at this last indignity meted out to their children . " She claims the entire country is still suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after the devastating earthquake that tore the country apart in January 2010 . She added : "  Even though the Haitian authorities might have accepted to officially close the book on the football issue , due to incapacity , Haitian civil society , both in Haiti and in its diaspora , continues to feel appalled and indignant about the incident . "  These children have been traumatized for life , on the way to achieving their dreams , and they were unfairly and illegally prevented from competing , which they had rightfully earned the right to do . "  Can you imagine what it must have been like for these 15 and 16-year-olds , who were so excited to be living what was probably the greatest adventure of their young lives , to be ... treated like criminals , and thrown out of the host country , just because two team players fell ill ? "  Until Jamaicans know the truth of what transpired , they will continue to feel that Haitians have no right to feel hurt , angry , and outraged . As long as Jamaicans do not understand the source of their indignation , Haitians will continue to be incensed and resentful . "  There can be no reconciliation until there is full acknowledgement of the truth , apologies , and forgiveness . " Jamaica contests such allegations . After meeting with a delegation sent by Haiti 's government to examine the dispute , Jamaica 's Deputy Prime Minister Dr. Kenneth Baugh said : "  It should be obvious that Jamaica never intended for the Haitians to feel that they were subjected to discrimination . Our objective is to resolve and bridge the gap . " Olivia Grange , Minister of Youth , Sports and Culture , said in a statement that the other nations in the tournament were subject to the same medical testing Haiti received and that their quarantine was not restrictive . She said that Jamaica did not "  expel " Haiti from the tournament , explaining that they had decided to withdraw in consultation with the footballing authorities . Haiti will have noted as they wait to see if they will be granted special dispensation to play in the under-17 World Cup by FIFA , that Grange also congratulated the Jamaican team on their qualification . It appears as if this latest disagreement to be sparked by soccer may take a while to blow over .	Jamaica and Haiti are embroiled in a dispute that arose over soccer Haiti claims its under-17 team was forced to withdraw from a tournament hosted by Jamaica The row centers over two Haitian players who were suspected of having malaria Jamaica insists the matter is now resolved but the Haitians want an apology
CNN  -- More rain was on the way after flooding forced hundreds of people in New Mexico to evacuate , prompting Gov. Susana Martinez to declare an emergency Friday . Martinez ' declaration said evacuations by air and ground had taken place in Eddy County in southeastern New Mexico , Sierra County in the southwest part of the state and San Miguel County in the northeast . Her order provided funds for state emergency officials to assist local authorities and directed the National Guard to respond as needed . A state police diver and local firefighters staged a dramatic rescue of several people trapped by the rising Pecos River about 10 miles west of Roswell , officials said . The diver repeatedly crossed 30 feet of chest-deep rushing water carrying members of the group , which included children and elderly people . The evacuees were then taken to an American Red Cross shelter . Fifty people were moved to a Red Cross center at the high school in Las Vegas in northeast New Mexico , said Esteban Lujan , public information officer of the state Department of Homeland Security & Emergency Management . In Truth or Consequences , some bridges and roads were washed out and about 20 people evacuated , Lujan said . The National Weather Service said the threat of flooding will continue through the weekend . David Simpson contributed to this report .	NEW : Police diver carries group to safety across chest-deep rushing water Evacuation count now in hundreds Governor declares emergency Flood threat for New Mexico continues through the weekend
Moore , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Five days ago , Miranda Mann huddled in a science classroom at Southmoore High School . She should have been filed with pride , relief and excitement about her upcoming graduation . Instead , she was filled with fear as a devastating tornado powered through her central Oklahoma city . The 18-year-old has been literally picking up the pieces of her life since . Her house was unrecognizable , except for her and her mother 's cars , after the twister destroyed it Monday . Her family sifted through rubble and salvaged some things , only to see many of them -- such as her prized book collection -- ruined by torrential rains . Mann does n't want to live in Moore , wary of a place that 's been hit by two EF5 tornadoes -- the strongest possible -- over the past 14 years . There 's been plenty of time , and way too many reasons , for tears . But finally ... finally , Saturday was a time to smile . "  My family is all here , we get to be together , " Mann said about her graduation at Oklahoma City 's Cox Convention Center . "  You can  relax and let your hair down , because you know that we 're not going back to the house today . We 're not going to see that . " Southmoore High 's seniors were one of three classes celebrating their commencement ceremonies at the facility . The date had been set for months , and it was n't moved after the storm killed 24 people , injured more than 375 others and damaged 12,000 residences in and around the metropolitan area . A tornado bearing down ; a mom in labor Jake Spradling is glad the show went on . Like Mann , he 's a Southmoore High senior ; like her , he no longer has a place to call home . The hours since Monday have been "  overwhelming , " Spradling admitted , though he said the outpouring of support -- offers to bunk early at Northwestern Oklahoma State University where he 'll head this fall , dozens of text messages and "  calls out of the wazoo " with offers of help -- have made a big difference . He knows people who lost family members , and many more who lost homes . He knows that they need time to plan and attend funerals , to clean up debris , to figure out what happens next . Even with all that , "  I 'm glad it 's today , " Spradling said . "  It means to me that we 're not going on different routes . "  We 're staying on the same path that we were meant to be on . " One block , two tornadoes : Life in the crosshairs Graduation festivities were infused by the tragedy , including speakers ' remarks and other poignant reminders . One happened when Southmoore 's Alyson Costilla walked across the stage to get her diploma and about a dozen people in the crowd stood up and held up pictures of her mother Terri Long , who died in a 7-Eleven ravaged by the powerful winds . Outside the convention center , the seniors from Southmoore , Westmoore and Moore high schools wo n't have to go far to be reminded of the devastation . Funeral homes and churches are busy with services for those killed . A balm after the storm Ten of those killed were children , including seven second - and third-graders at Plaza Towers Elementary School . After three funerals earlier in the week , two more of those students were to be buried Saturday . Transforming Moore back into the city it had been wo n't be easy . Its public schools alone suffered $ 45 million in damage , including the two elementary schools that were leveled . Insurance claims related to Monday 's storm will likely top $ 2 billion , according to Kelly Collins from the Oklahoma Insurance Department . But residents are n't doing it all alone . Honest advice from Joplin to Moore Besides the presence of FEMA representatives and other public officials on the ground , they 've had friends , relatives , even strangers come out to help . Sharon Liston has spent the last 25 years teaching math at Westmoore High , from which she 's retiring after 40 years total in the profession . On Friday , a day before her school 's graduation , a caravan of students arrived at her home to clean up her 3-acre property . "  It looked like a wall of students with trash cans and trash sacks , and they literally picked up every stick within that three acres there , " Liston said . Principals recall day tornado hit That kind of help makes it easier for Moore 's residents to move on from this horrific week . Saturday 's graduation ceremonies are similar , in that way . It means the end of one thing , and the beginning of another . A fresh start . "  It 's just the closing of one chapter and the opening of another , " Spradling said . " ... It 's one of those flipping of the pages that means a lot to everybody here . " Tornado heading your way ? Here 's what to do CNN 's Eric Fiegel reported from Oklahoma , while Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : People hold up picture of a graduate 's mom who died in the tornado Three high school classes in Moore , Oklahoma , have their graduation ceremonies "  It 's ... the closing of one chapter and the opening of another , " a student says Funerals continue to be held for some of the 24 killed
CNN  -- Usher Raymond 's ex-wife is asking a judge to give her custody of their two children after the oldest suffered a "  near-death accident . " Five-year-old Usher Raymond V "  nearly drown in a swimming pool and is currently hospitalized in the intensive care unit of the Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta Hospital , " Tameka Raymond said in an emergency motion filed in a Fulton County , Georgia , court Tuesday . In a statement released Wednesday , the singer said his son "  is doing well and is recovering . " The statement did not address his ex-wife 's motion for custody . "  I am overwhelmed by the outpouring of prayers , love and support for my family 's well-being , " the statement said . Usher , as he is known professionally in his career as a singer , dancer and actor , won primary custody of the children last year after a bitter court fight in which Foster accused him of being an absentee father . Foster renewed her arguments based on Monday 's accident , contending the singer "  continues to excessively travel , utilizes third-party caregivers to supervise the minor children rather than personally exercising parenting time and providing supervision for the minor children . " Usher is "  not capable of providing daily caregiving and supervision for the minor children of the parties as petitioner is preparing to film a movie in Panama and has ongoing commitments that require his presence in Los Angeles , New York and various other cities for the Voice and his upcoming album . " Her motion alleges that Usher is away from Atlanta -- where she and the children live "  in excess of 85 % of each month . " He refuses to let her see the children when he leaves towns , saying he "  would rather the nanny raise the children , " Foster contends . Foster also complained that her ex-husband does not talk to her about issue affecting the boys , "  including school enrollment and summer activities . " The private school in which he just enrolled them is more than an hour from her home , she said . Usher has not given her the phone number to the home he moved to with the children in June , she said . "  As the result of the negligence and failure to properly supervise the minor child , U.R. , V , nearly drown in a swimming pool and is currently hospitalized in the intensive care unit of the Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta Hospital , undergoing treatment for the injuries sustained on August 5 , 2013 . " She blames the swimming accident on "  the negligence and failure to properly supervise " the children . Usher 's aunt was in charge of the children when the oldest son "  suffered a near-death accident while left unsupervised in a swimming pool , " the motion contends . "  I need an ambulance , " his aunt , Rena Oden , told an emergency operator in a call to 911 . "  My nephew was in the pool , and I could n't get him , I tried to get him . " A recording of the call was made public by police Tuesday . The aunt , housekeeper and another woman were "  unsuccessful in pulling the victim from the pool drain , " but two men -- Eugene Stachurski and Ben Crews -- who were installing sound equipment in the home rushed to help , the report said . "  They 're doing CPR on him now , " Oden told the operator . "  Is he coming around ? He 's breathing ! " Stachurski , a sound technician , rescued the child from the drain and used CPR to revive him on the side of the pool , the police report said . About five minutes into the recording , Oden told the operator that paramedics had arrived at the home and had taken over . The child was "  conscious , alert and breathing " when the ambulance took him to a hospital , where he was kept overnight for observation , the police report said . Usher thanked Stachurski and Crews for saving his son 's life . "  They are true heroes and I am deeply grateful to them , " Usher said in the statement . Usher 's former stepson -- also Foster 's son -- died in a watercraft accident on a north Georgia lake last year . CNN 's NIschelle Turner and Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	NEW : Usher Raymond says his son is "  doing well and is recovering " Tameka Foster accuses Usher of being gone 85 % of the time His aunt and a housekeeper noticed the child was stuck in the pool 's drain , police say Sound technician Eugene Stachurski rescued the child and used CPR to revive him
Tokyo  CNN  -- Three Chinese ships entered into waters near small islands in the East China Sea that are claimed by both countries on Friday morning and were staying despite a warning from a Japanese Coast Guard ship , the coast guard said . The move continues a dispute over the islands -- which Japan calls Senkaku and China calls Diaoyu -- that stretches back decades . Last week , Japan scrambled fighter jets near the small islands in the East China Sea after a Chinese plane was seen there . Chinese government ships have repeatedly entered the waters around the remote , rocky islands since the Japanese government announced in September it was buying several of the islands from private owners . Japanese Coast Guard vessels have engaged in games of cat and mouse with the Chinese ships , with both sides broadcasting messages to one another insisting they have territorial sovereignty over the area . Analysts say that by sending its own patrols into the area , China is challenging Japan 's de facto control of the islands , which has been the status quo for the past 40 years .	3 Chinese ships entered Japanese territorial waters , coast guard says Ships were staying near the disputed Senkaku Islands , despite coast guard warning The move continues a dispute that spans decades
CNN  -- A Palestinian radical group believed to be responsible for a series of abductions and attacks has been labeled a foreign terrorist organization by the United States . Known as the Army of Islam , the group "  has been responsible for numerous terrorist acts against the governments of Israel and Egypt , as well as American , British and New Zealander citizens , " the State Department said . "  These actions include a number of rocket attacks on Israel , the 2006 kidnapping of two Fox News journalists in Gaza  an American and a New Zealander  and the 2007 kidnapping of a British citizen , journalist Alan Johnston , in Gaza . The group is also responsible for early 2009 attacks on Egyptian civilians in Cairo and Heliopolis , which resulted in casualties and deaths , " the State Department said . While the statement does n't make reference to the abduction five years ago of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , Palestinian security sources have said the group was involved in Shalit 's capture , along with Hamas and another entity . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued the designation on Thursday . It is the latest of many such moves against militant groups over the years . The designation would result in a prohibition against Americans "  providing material support or resources " to the group . It also includes the "  freezing of all property and interests in property of the organization that are in the United States , or come within the United States , or the control of U.S. persons . " The group is led by Mumtaz Dughmush and "  operates primarily in the Gaza Strip and Palestinian territories , " the State Department said . The International Crisis Group said Dughmush is a former member of the Palestinian Authority 's "  Preventive Security Organization who for years allegedly had been contracted for militant operations by both Hamas and Fatah . " Hamas runs the Palestinian territory of Gaza and the Palestinian Authority , which is dominated by the Fatah group , is in charge of the West Bank , the other Palestinian region . Both groups , which have been adversaries for years , are working to reconcile their movements . Hamas opposes the existence of Israel but Fatah is not as hard-line and has been involved in peace talks with Israel . The State Department says the Army of Islam "  subscribes to a Salafist ideology of global jihad together with the traditional model of armed Palestinian resistance . AOI has previously worked with Hamas and is attempting to develop closer al Qaeda contacts . On May 7 the group released a eulogy for Osama bin Laden via its Al Nur Media Foundation , " "  Salafis are Sunni Muslims who adhere to a literalist reading of scripture , " according to an International Crisis Group report in March called "  Radical Islam in Gaza . " The Army of Islam 's designation comes after President Barack Obama delivered a speech on Thursday detailing his Middle East policy , which includes attempts to reinvigorate the Israeli-Palestinian peace process . In the speech , Obama said the pre-1967 borders of Israel should serve as the basis for negotiations in the formation of a future Palestinian state . He said there could be "  mutually agreed swaps , so that secure and recognized borders are established for both states . " Obama will meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Friday at the White House in a session that could highlight the tensions between the allies . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	The group , based in the Palestinian territories , is called the Army of Islam It is accused of deadly attacks and abductions of journalists Palestinian sources have said it was involved in Gilad Shalit 's abduction
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Operators of a South African gold mine negotiated with about 15,000 striking workers Monday after they walked off the job the night before , a company official said . "  At this stage , the reason for the strike remains unclear , but we hope to gain clarity as soon as possible , " said a statement from Peter Turner , a Gold Field executive vice president . "  The situation in the mine has been calm and peaceful since the start of the strike , and we appeal to all stakeholders to continue to act with restraint and to engage in good faith . "  It is important that we restore normality in a peaceful manner and as soon as possible , " he said . Management called the strike at the KDC Gold Mine on the West Rand "  Unlawful and unprotected . " The striking miners could not immediately be reached for comment . The KDC workers join about 28,000 other miners who are already on strike at the Lonmin PLC platinum mine in Marikana , about two hours northwest of Johannesburg . August 16 clashes at the Lonmin mine left 34 people dead and 78 wounded , sparking national outrage . Management at Lonmin set a Monday deadline for strikers to return to work , but workers did not appear to heed the call , as several thousand were marching outside the facility . The violence in August erupted after negotiations between striking workers and Lonmin broke down and police decided to fence in the machete-armed miners with barbed wire , police said . Thousands of mineworkers had been striking for days for higher wages . Lonmin has so far missed out on around $ 75 million in lost production , and the workers have n't been paid for a month . The company said last week that a "  peace accord " had been signed , but key unions had not agreed to the deal . Late last month , a regional prosecutor charged 270 of the platinum miners with the murder of their colleagues , who are believed to have been shot by police . However , a national prosecutor has said that authorities would dismiss the provisional charges and release the miners , pending further investigation . South Africa drops murder charges against miners Last week , 47 of the miners appeared in court and were ordered released . Lawyers for the miners had called the decision to charge them with murder "  bizarre in the extreme . " The country 's justice minister called the charges shocking and confusing . Clashes also erupted last week between protesters and security officers outside Gold One 's Modder East gold mine in Springs , about 24 miles  39 kilometers  east of Johannesburg , police said . The violence occurred after former employees staged a protest outside the mine 's gates , Johannesburg police Capt. Pinky Tsinyane said . The protesters had been fired for participating in an earlier illegal strike , the company said . CNN 's Aja Harris contributed to this report .	The striking miners join 28,000 others who walked off the job at another mine Violence at Lonmin 's Marikana platinum mine left 44 people dead last month The company set a Monday deadline for returning to work
Hong Kong  CNN  -- "  Please set him free " read the plea in stark black print on the front page of the New Express newspaper based in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou . In a bold move , the paper openly defied Chinese authorities this week by asking for the release of one its reporters , who has been detained by police in Hunan province . The move garnered sympathy online and China 's media regulator vowed to protect "  lawful reporting rights , " according to the state-run China Press and Publishing Media group . Chen Yongzhou was arrested on Saturday , police in the provincial capital Changsha said , months after the newspaper ran stories by Chen that claimed that a Hunan-based company Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science & Technology falsified sales numbers . The state-run company , which did not respond to a call for comment , makes construction equipment . The police said he had been arrested for damaging a business ' commercial reputation , without giving further details . A police spokesman in Changsha contacted by CNN declined to comment . In May , Zoomlion temporarily suspended trading in its Hong Kong-listed shares to address allegations made in one of Chen 's articles . In a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange , it said that all allegations relating to fictitious sales were "  false , groundless and misleading . " The paper said on Wednesday that it had verified all of Chen 's stories about Zoomlion and only found one discrepancy : He wrote the company spent 513 million yuan on advertisements , when that money had been spent on "  advertisements and entertainment . " "  If Brother Policeman can find any evidence of shabby reporting on our part , please make notice of it and we will gladly doff our hat , " the newspaper said according to a translation published by the University of Hong Kong 's China Media Project . "  Because we still believe that â $ " some day , at least â $ " you will have the same full respect for the law that we have . " Open resistance by Chinese media against intimidation by authorities is rare but not unprecedented . In January this year , crowds gathered in Guangzhou in support of a protest by journalists against alleged government censorship . Journalists at the Southern Weekly paper claimed that an editorial calling for political reform was rewritten by censors as a tribute to Chinese Communist Party rule . The New Express released a statement from Chen 's wife , who said that Chen was taken from his home in a black Mercedes Benz with Hunan license plates . "  My ... life stopped at the moment , " she said . On social media site Weibo , Chen 's colleagues described him as a talented and hardworking business reporter , who ate instant noodles and could n't afford to take his wife to Pizza Hut . "  We are very grateful that the society has given a lot of attention on this , " a spokesperson for the New Express newsroom told CNN . CNN 's Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report	Chinese paper New Express calls for journalist 's release Chen Yongzhou was arrested for damaging a business ' reputation He wrote series of articles alleging false sales at a construction equipment maker Chinese newspapers rarely challenge authorities
CNN  -- Kenyan pair Wilson Kipsang and Mary Keitany won the men 's and women 's races at the London Marathon Sunday to serve notice of their gold medal credentials for the Olympics later this year . The race also acted as a trial race for selection for the Kenyan team for the London Games and Kipsang and Keitany were impressive winners on both counts . Kipsang , who has run the second fastest time of all time , finished over two minutes clear of a class field to win in two hours , four minutes and 44 seconds -- just four seconds outside the course best set by compatriot Emmanuel Mutai in winning last year 's race . Fellow Kenyan Martin Lel outsprinted fellow former London champion Tsegaye Kebede of Ethiopia for second place to seal his place for the Olympic marathon which will take place over many of the same roads in the capital in August . Keitany led a Kenyan sweep of the podium places as she defended her London title with a commanding performance . Her time of two hours , 18 minutes and 36 seconds was a new Kenyan record . 2011 world champion Edna Kiplagat finished second , more than a minute adrift with world silver medalist Priscah Jeptoo a further 24 seconds behind in third . Behind the elite runners over 37,000 started the 32nd staging of the famous race which finishes on The Mall in front of Buckingham Palace . Prince Harry was at the finish to present trophies to winners .	Wilson Kipgang wins men 's race at London Marathon Kipgang finishes over two minutes clear of former winner Martin Lel Mary Keitang claims women 's title in Kenyan record Over 37,000 runners took part in 32nd staging of race
CNN  -- Netflix also giveth , even while it taketh away . The company made news recently with the announcement that as of January 1 , it would no longer be streaming such movie hits as "  Titanic , " "  Flashdance " and "  Top Gun " because of expiring licensing contracts . But take heart film aficionados . Mashable is reporting that Netflix has added some movies to its streaming offerings . Here is the list of newbies , according to Reddit : • American Psycho  2000 • Raging Bull  1980 • Thelma And Louise  1991 • West Side Story  1961 • What 's Eating Gilbert Grape  1993 • Big Trouble In Little China  1986 • Breakfast at Tiffany 's  1961 • Bull Durham  1988 • Red Dawn  1984 • Mousehunt  1997 • Spaceballs  1987 • Star Trek : The Motion Picture  1979 • The Chinese Connection  1972 • Amelie  2001 • Grapes of Wrath  1940 • Planes , Trains , and Automobiles  1987 • Children of a Lesser God  1986 • Scrooged  1988 • Days of Thunder  1990 • The Day the Earth Stood Still  1951 • The Talented Mr Ripley  1999 • Tora ! Tora ! Tora !  1970 • Death Race 2000  1975 • Ghost  1990 • Good Burger  1997 • Play It Again , Sam  1972 Will these films make up for the loss of such fare as "  Braveheart " and "  Breakin ' 2 : Electric Boogaloo ? " You tell us . Sign off in the comments below .	Netflix recently purged some popular movies Here is a list of some films it has added As of January 1 users can stream films like "  The Talented Mr. Ripley "
