A small wooden boat found off the western island of Sado in Japan contained decomposing bodies , according to local police . The boat was badly damaged and contained faint markings on the side that appeared to be Korean characters , according to the Sado West Police . But the characters were so faint that they could not read it clearly , said Toshiyuki Kojima , deputy chief of Sado Nishi Police Station . The boat was discovered early morning Wednesday , drifting into a rocky part of the coast at Mano Bay in Sado City . Authorities did not know how long the boat had been there . Police would not say exactly how many bodies were found on the boat , but said that some bodies had decomposed to the point where only skeletons remained . Local Japanese media reported five bodies were found . Last September , a group of nine North Koreans sailed to Japan and was discovered drifting about 15 miles off the coast of Noto peninsula . They resettled in South Korea . While it 's rare for North Korean defectors to sail to Japan , in 2006 , four North Koreans floated to northern Japan . In 1987 , a family of 11 drifted from North Korea to west Japan .	Wooden boat found drifting off western side of Japan Police found decomposing bodies inside boat Ship could 've come from Korea as it had faint markings
CNN  -- Fernando Torres rediscovered his scoring touch as Liverpool continued their revival under new owners with a 2-0 win over English Premier League leaders Chelsea at Anfield on Sunday . The Spanish star scored two magnificent first half goals to seal three points for Roy Hodgson 's men . The first came after 11 minutes as he instantly controlled a Dirk Kuyt through ball before beating Petr Cech with a low shot . He doubled the advantage just before the interval as he cut inside before curling home a superb shot . Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti introduced striker Didier Drogba , who had an overnight illness , after the break and it sparked an improvement by his side after a lifeless first half . Home keeper Pepe Reina blocked a close range shot from Florent Malouda after a cross by Droga . Cech prevented his team from going three down when he stretched out a leg to deny Dirk Kuyt before Chelsea nearly cut the deficit only for Nicolas Anelka 's strike to hit the crossbar . Jamie Carragher summed up the spirit in the Liverpool side as he made a last-ditch tackle to deny Drogba scoring from the rebound . The defeat leaves Chelsea just two points clear of Manchester United , who beat Wolves 2-1 on Saturday . Hodgson , who was under pressure before his side 's improvement since New England Sports Ventures took control of the club , was delighted to see Torres back to his best . "  He is a vital player for us and would be any club . You ca n't have success if you do n't have front players who do a good job for you , " he told Sky Sports . Third-placed Arsenal were also beaten in Sunday 's early game as they slid to a 1-0 home defeat to promoted Newcastle at the Emirates . Arsenal were hoping to regain second spot in the standings ahead of Manchester United , but a goal from in-form striker Andy Carroll just before halftime sealed victory for Chris Hughton 's men . Carroll , who was watched by England manager Fabio Capello , rose high to head home a well-flighted free kick from Joey Barton past Lucasz Fabianski . It was the third straight win for improving Newcastle , who were rarely troubled by a labored Arsenal side . Cesc Fabregas rattled the crossbar with a first half free kick and Theo Walcott hit the woodwork after the break , but a miserable afternoon for the Gunners was complete when Laurent Koscielny was sent off in added time . He pulled back Nile Ranger as Newcastle broke upfield in a quick counter attack . In Sunday 's other fixture , Manchester City ended a run of three straight defeats with a 2-0 win at West Bromwich Albion . Italian striker Mario Balotelli scored both City 's goals in the first half , but blotted his copybook by being sent off after the break . He was shown red for kicking out at Youssuf Mulumbu minutes after being booked . Mulumbu was then sent off for a strong challenge on the returning Carlos Tevez , who had a hand in both goals . The win takes Roberto Mancini 's men level on points with Arsenal as they stay in the Champions League places after 11 rounds .	Brilliant Fernando Torres double inspires Liverpool win over Chelsea Andy Carroll scores only goal of the match as Newcastle shock Arsenal 1-0 Mario Balotelli grabs first half brace as Manchester City win 2-0 at WBA
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Famed Indian spiritual guru Sri Sathya Sai Baba died Sunday of respiratory failure , his doctors said . He was 85 . The orange-robed spiritual leader with a puff of dark hair is considered a living god by his followers in India and overseas . His followers believe he has supernatural powers . However , critics have accused him of fraud and sexual abuse , allegations he has denied . The guru claimed to be a reincarnation of Sai Baba of Shirdi , one of India 's greatest spiritual figures , who died in 1918 . Sri Sathya Sai Baba was hospitalized last month in his southern India hometown of n Puttaparthi . Authorities have tightened security around the town since his condition started worsening . In a hospital bulletin , doctors did not use the word death to announce his passing . It said he was "  no more with us physically " and that he left "  his earthly body " on Sunday . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed his condolences and said the nation mourns his passing . He inspired millions to lead a meaningful life regardless of their religions , the prime minister said . "  His teachings were rooted in the universal ideals of truth , right conduct , peace , love and nonviolence , " he said . "  I express my sincere condolences to the millions of his followers , disciples and well wishers . " The guru has set up various health , education and charity organizations . His body will lie in state for two days so his followers can pay their respects , according to the hospital , which is funded by his organization .	The spiritual leader dies after cardio-respiratory failure His followers believe he is endowed with supernatural powers Sri Sathya Sai Baba was hospitalized last month
CNN  Here 's one thing some will not be so thankful for : a messy mix of snow , rain and sleet for Turkey Day . A storm will dump rain and snow across the East Coast early Wednesday , causing delays of up to six hours on the busiest travel period of the year . About 30 million people from the mountains of North Carolina to Maine could be affected . "  The storm will have a major impact nationwide to air travel , as the ripple effect from delays and cancellations in the Northeast hubs impacts the rest of the country , " CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen said . "  Expect very long delays , in some cases averaging three to six hours for major airports in D.C. , Philadelphia , New York and Boston , which will be impacted by a combination of heavy rain , snow and wind , " Hennen said . "  Most delays and cancellations will occur from late morning through Wednesday evening . " The silver lining for Thursday morning fliers ? "  By Thanksgiving , the storm will be exiting , and conditions should return to normal , " he said . Use CNN 's winter weather tracker Rain and snow will begin to hit the Washington , New York and Boston metro areas Wednesday morning . Travelers can expect some significant snow accumulations . Though Washington should see a mix of rain and snow , areas far west of the city will get heavy snowfall . Philadelphia will get about an inch of combined rain and snow . Three or 4 inches of snow are possible in New York City , with heavier accumulation in northern New Jersey and in the Hudson Valley . Boston can expect rain and snow in the morning , changing to all snow in the late afternoon and evening . The city is forecast to get 4 to 5 inches of snow , with 10 to 15 inches in central Massachusetts . Mike Todd , a spokesman for the New Hampshire Department of Safety , said power outages are a major concern . "  This is New England , this is just another winter storm here , and the complication is just that it 's the holiday weekend , " he said . "  We caution individuals to drive carefully and slowly . Consider staying put if you 're concerned . Safety first , as always . " Pennsylvania said it 'll have state police and the National Guard in the state emergency operations center . State officials urged residents to avoid the roads if they can . "  The bottom line is the less cars the better , the less traffic the better , " said Cory Angell of the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency . "  If you do n't have to go , you do n't need to go . You do n't want to be stuck in a queue for hours and then run out of gas and what not . It 's important people realize there are hazards involved with travel , and more often than not they do n't . " 10 ways to survive holiday travel So far , airlines have canceled at least 164 flights for Wednesday , and that number is expected to increase , according to FlightAware.com . Fliers should check airline websites to see about rebooking flights . United Airlines , Delta Air Lines , American Airlines and other carriers are waiving rebooking charges for holiday travelers in the Northeast . "  Customers ticketed on American Airlines , American Eagle or US Airways or US Airways Express flights on November 26 to , from , or through  18 affected airports  may change flights without penalty , have the ticket-reissue charge waived for one ticket change , and begin travel as early as November 25 or as late as November 27 under American 's current travel waiver , " according to an airline release . The Northeast is n't the only region where bad weather is predicted . Light snow is forecast until Thursday in Minneapolis , Chicago and other parts of the Upper Midwest . The Northwest is expecting rain , with snow in the mountains . Denver is expecting wind gusts of up to 30 mph on Tuesday and 15 mph on Wednesday . AAA is expecting 46 million Americans to travel 50 miles or more from home during the Thanksgiving weekend , and 90 % of them are traveling by car . That would be the most travelers since 2007 . Drivers should check weather forecasts before setting out on the road , and travelers should also check tire pressure , car batteries and windshield wipers . On the bright side , people traveling by car will probably pay less for gas than in recent years , AAA says . The current average price of gasoline in the United States is $ 2.85 per gallon , 43 cents per gallon lower than the average price at the same time last year .	Airlines waive rebooking charges for travelers About 46 million people will travel for Thanksgiving , the most since 2007 East Coast travelers can expect some significant snow accumulations
CNN  -- Billy Powell , keyboardist with the rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd , died of a heart ailment at his condo in the Jacksonville , Florida , suburb of Orange Park , police said Thursday . He was 56 . Billy Powell , center , poses with other members of Lynyrd Skynyrd at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction in 2006 . Powell , who died early Wednesday , had survived the band 's October 1977 plane crash in Mississippi that killed lead singer Ronnie Van Zant ; guitarist Steve Gaines ; Gaines 's sister , vocalist Cassie Gaines ; an assistant road manager ; and the pilot and copilot . Powell was seriously injured in the crash . More than 40 fans left messages on a fan Web site . "  Billy , you are truely free now . Rock on with Ronnie and the gang . You also will be forever missed , " read a note signed by traceyspruill . "  I can not believe the hurt that I have felt from being a Skynyrd fan , but I realize that it only hurts so much because I love the members of this band like my own family . We will always miss you , Billy . I can hear your fingertips rolling off those ivory keys right now . Thanks for being you . Rest in peace and may God bless you , " another fan wrote . According to Orange Park Police Lt. Mark Cornett , Powell called 911 around midnight Tuesday from his condo at the Club Continental , complaining about chest pains . "  When paramedics and police arrived , they found him unresponsive on the bed , " Cornett said . Powell was pronounced dead at the scene , and his cardiologist signed the death certificate at 1:52 a.m. ET Wednesday . According to the officer , Powell missed an appointment with the same doctor on Tuesday . Powell joined the original Skynyrd band in 1972 , but he worked for the Jacksonville , Florida-based band for several years before that as a crew member . Among the Southern rock band 's acclaimed songs are "  What 's Your Name , " "  Freebird " and "  Sweet Home Alabama , " all released in the 1970s . "  Sweet Home Alabama " reached the top 10 in 1974 . The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006 . Two years after the plane crash , Powell , Allen Collins , Gary Rossington and Leon Wilkeson formed the Rossington-Collins Band . It broke up in 1982 . A new Lynyrd Skynyrd band formed in 1987 and included Johnny Van Zant , Ronnie 's brother . It began a tour in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , where the plane was headed when it crashed . The band 's last album , "  Vicious Cycle , " came out in 2003 .	Billy Powell called 911 Tuesday night complaining of chest pains , police say Paramedics found him unresponsive and he was pronounced dead at the scene Powell , 56 , survived 1977 plane crash that killed Ronnie Van Zant and 5 others "  Thanks for being you , " one mourning fan writes on Lynyrd Skynyrd Web site
CNN  -- The calendar is overflowing with occasions to mark . It seems like there 's a special day for almost everything . For example , September 19 is celebrated by some as International Talk Like a Pirate Day . But the surplus of observances should n't detract from the really important ones , like Friday , March 8 , International Women 's Day . The first International Women 's Day was held in 1911 , but it was international only in the technical sense that women in four European nations marched . These activists were ahead of their time in thinking about women 's economic and political equality ; they may not have been so far ahead of their time that they envisioned what it has come to mean for many of us today . Now , International Women 's Day represents a movement that is for every woman and girl , no matter where they live . This year , Malala Yousafzai became the youngest Nobel Peace Prize nominee in history by risking her life for the cause of universal girls ' education . Her courage has inspired women across the world . Some of the bravest , most revolutionary voices about empowerment are coming from women and girls like Malala who are calling the world 's attention to social norms that prevent women from realizing their full potential . I just spent some time visiting the poorest parts of Northern India , where I met a courageous woman named Sharmila Devi . Because the government has invested in its basic health system , she received a visit from a trained health worker who told her that spacing her pregnancies was safer for herself and her children . Sharmila decided to use contraceptives despite the opposition of her mother-in-law . In India , husbands and mothers-in-law have been at the core of family decision making power structures for generations . Sharmila 's courage in seeking outside information and defying her parents-in-law as a way to determine her own future and improve that of her children represents a huge leap forward for women throughout the country . Here is the reality we must confront on International Women 's Day : The decisions women make about their families are the key to improving life for many of the poorest communities in the world . The evidence shows that in the developing world , women play a different role than men and are more likely to take care of their family 's health care and nutrition , things that children need to become productive adults and contribute to the economic and social development of societies . In fact , research has shown that a child 's chances of survival increase by 20 % when the mother controls the household budget . Yet in many places , women , especially young women , have very little decision-making authority to be able to effect this kind of change . The work of making sure that women and girls everywhere can seize their potential is about making specific changes that will set into motion these longer term outcomes . For me , it means making sure they have access to the contraceptives so many women tell me they want and need . It 's also about harder to measure changes like whether they have the information and the power to plan their families on their own terms . When I try to imagine the future , I am optimistic because I see women demanding information and opportunities in the face of social norms that say they 're not permitted to do so . I 'm also optimistic because no matter where I go , people ask me , "  What can I do to help ? " Malala and Devi are n't the only heroes . Millions of peopleâ $ " men and womenâ $ " stand by the conviction that empowered women are a source of progress , and they want to take action . That 's why I 'm proud to announce the launch of my team page on Catapult.org , a crowd-funding platform dedicated to supporting women and girls . I identified these three great projects from GirlUp , Breakthrough , and Jacaranda Health and hope you can join Catapult to help fund them . Our foundation will match every dollar donated to these projects . Together , we can help women and girls determine their own future , no matter where they 're from . To me , this is why marking International Women 's Day is important . It 's a chance for so many people to move beyond "  celebrating " and take action to create meaningful and sustainable change for women and girls . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melinda Gates .	Melinda Gates : International Women 's Day started small a century ago She says there 's now global awareness of vital role of women in society , economy When women can direct family budget , health care and education improve , she says Gates : Empowered women are a source of progress , want to take action
CNN  -- The FBI announced Wednesday that it is working with Illinois state and local police to review evidence related to the 1982 Tylenol murders . James W. Lewis served time for sending a $ 1 million extortion note to Johnson & Johnson . "  This review was prompted , in part , by the recent 25th anniversary of this crime and the resulting publicity , " the FBI said in a written statement . "  Further , given the many recent advances in forensic technology , it was only natural that a second look be taken at the case and recovered evidence . " The anniversary coincided with a number of tips to law enforcement agencies related to the crimes , the FBI said . Agents on Wednesday searched the Cambridge , Massachusetts , house of James W. Lewis , who was convicted of sending an extortion note to Johnson & Johnson but denied having anything to do with the poisonings . Lewis 's wife LeAnn is listed as administrator of a Web design company called Cyberlewis.com . Its Web site lists the company 's address as the same address that authorities searched Wednesday . On its Web site is posted a note that says , in part , " ... I was villified  sic  globally as the Tylenol Man , accused of being the mass murderer who spiked Tylenol with cyanide in Chicago back in 1982 , killing seven . Those grotesque accusations obviously were false , otherwise I could not be writing these words . After 25 years , the Tylenol murders remain unsolved . I have lived a long , bizarre life and I have seen a lot , yet I am literate and lucid enough to view and describe , compare and contrast hugely diverse worlds , cultures and topics , without a moment of boredom , all with an eye to professionalism , demographics and marketability plus ears and heart sensitive to good taste and victims ' feelings . " A call to LeAnne Lewis ' telephone number was not immediately returned . FBI spokeswoman Gail Marcinkiewicz said two searches in Cambridge were under way "  related to an ongoing investigation . " She would not say whether they were related to the Tylenol case . Criminal charges have not been filed in the seven Chicago-area killings , which occurred after Extra-Strength Tylenol capsules were laced with potassium cyanide . The killings led to changes in packaging of over-the-counter drugs . Johnson & Johnson , parent of the drug maker , McNeil , was widely credited for its aggressiveness in recalling the product and its openness in dealing with the killings , and the product quickly bounced back in sales . It remains a popular analgesic . "  Johnson & Johnson can not comment on the status of any ongoing investigation into the murders of 1982 , " said company spokesman Jeff Leebaw . CNN 's Fran Fifis contributed to this story from Boston .	NEW : Agents search home of James Lewis , who sent extortion note to company NEW : Lewis denies on Web site he was involved in deaths Seven people died in Chicago area in 1982 after pills were laced FBI , Illinois , local police working to solve case on 25th anniversary
CNN  -- Felipe Massa has revealed that he hopes to be at his home Brazilian Grand Prix -- but he wo n't be behind the wheel of his Ferrari . Felipe Massa has been given the all-clear to begin training as he bids to return to the race track . The 28-year-old had aimed to be able to return to racing before the end of this Formula One season , but is resigned to getting fit for 2010 following his horrific crash in July . Massa is now able to begin his rehabilitation after having plastic surgery on Monday to repair the broken bone in his cranium that resulted when a loose spring from Rubens Barrichello 's Brawn hit him in the helmet during qualifying in Hungary . The operation , at the Sao Paulo 's Albert Einstein hospital , took around four and a half hours , Ferrari revealed on its official Web site . Massa told UK newspaper The Guardian that his next step was to head to Europe to use a simulator and drive go-karts as part of his fitness evaluation . He had hoped to return to action at Interlagos -- where his 2008 world championship dream was crushed by Lewis Hamilton despite winning the race -- on October 18 , but said that he would only be there as a spectator . "  That was the race I wanted to come back in , but it 's difficult to say if it would 've been possible . It will be difficult to watch it , but I will be there , " Massa said . He told Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera that he still held a slim hope of driving in the final race of this season in Abu Dhabi on November 1 . "  In 2010 I 'll be back for sure and 100 % , but it would be a dream to drive in Abu Dhabi , " Massa said . Massa will be replaced by Giancarlo Fisichella for the final five races of 2009 , with the veteran Italian having been released from his contract by Force India to take over from test driver Luca Badoer . He said he had never doubted that he would that he would get behind the wheel of a Formula One car again . "  It is my life , " Massa , who is expecting his first child in November , told The Guardian . "  For me , the worst thing that happened was not being able to race . If you ca n't drive that 's terrible . "  But my wife has already asked me , at least 10 times , ` Are you sure you do n't feel any doubts or worries ? ' "  Always , I say , ` No , because this is what I like to do . ' If I do n't drive then I am not the same person . Ever since I was a small boy this is my life . This is what I like to do . "  So I really hope , and expect , nothing will change inside me when I go back into the car and start pushing myself to the maximum again . "	Formula One star Felipe Massa has had successful plastic surgery on his skull The Brazilian driver plans to attend his home grand prix in mid-October Massa suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident in Hungary in July Ferrari have brought in Force India 's Giancarlo Fisichella to replace him
As partisans argued pointedly over same-sex marriage outside the U.S. Supreme Court , justices inside hinted at their disparate views on the hot-button issue -- though it 's far from clear how they will rule . The stakes , though , are decidedly clearer . In the case argued Tuesday and another to be heard on Wednesday , the nine justices could fundamentally alter how American law treats marriage . On one extreme , the court could extend a constitutional right for gays and lesbians to wed in all 50 states . On the other , it could deal a major setback to the gay rights movement . And then there are options in between . "  This was a deeply divided Supreme Court , and a court that seemed almost to be groping for an answer here , " said CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin . Hear and read the arguments in full Toobin was among those who followed 80 minutes of arguments Tuesday over California 's Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage . Voters approved the proposal 52 % to 48 % in November 2008 , less than six months after the state Supreme Court ruled marriage is a fundamental right that must be extended to same-sex couples . The overriding legal question in the California case , Hollingsworth v. Perry  12-144  , is whether the Constitution 's 14th Amendment guarantee of equal protection under the law prevents states from defining marriage as that state has . From their questioning , it appeared evident how a few justices were leaning . Four of the more liberal justices seemed at least open to the idea that same-sex marriage should be allowed in California . Three of the more conservative justices seemed aligned with the view that it should only be for a man and a woman , and it 's likely they 'd be joined by Justice Clarence Thomas , who does n't speak at arguments . That could leave Justice Anthony Kennedy as , has often been the case , the swing vote . He was among those who weighed in on whether the advocacy group appointed to defend the initiative has standing to argue the case . While admitting the law 's defenders are "  not just any citizens , " Kennedy raised concerns about whether just the possibility of same-sex marriage was enough to establish they had suffered harm -- a key jurisdictional hurdle allowing them to appeal in the first place . Key questions answered Justice Sonia Sotomayor said it is the state 's responsibility -- through its elected leaders -- to defend laws in court , and that private individuals could not establish "  how their injury was separate from everyone else . " California Attorney General Kamala Harris , the state 's top lawyer , said Tuesday she "  declined to defend Proposition 8 because it violates the Constitution . " If the court dismisses the appeal on the grounds its defenders do n't have the standing to defend the case in court , it may mean lower federal court rulings declaring the proposition unconstitutional would stand . But it would n't allow for a broader , final rule outlining the power of states to say who can or ca n't get married . Announcement of rulings unlikely before June The justices did probe that broader legal question , including an exchange between pro-Proposition 8 attorney Charles Cooper and Justice Elena Kagan . "  The concern is that redefining marriage as a genderless institution will sever its abiding connection to its historic traditional procreative purposes , and it will ... refocus the purpose of marriage and the definition of marriage away from the raising of children and to the emotional needs and desires ... of adult couples , " Cooper argued . To which Kagan said : "  Mr. Cooper , suppose a state said that , because ` we think that the focus of marriage really should be on procreation , we are not going to give marriage licenses anymore to any couple where both people are over the age of 55 . ' Would that be constitutional ? " "  No , your honor , it would not be constitutional , " Cooper replied . Tuesday 's hearing was the first of back-to-back sessions on same-sex marriage laws . The court will listen to arguments on Wednesday on U.S. v. Windsor , a separate challenge to the federal Defense of Marriage Act which , like the California law , defines marriage as between a man and a woman . That 1996 law prevents legally married same-sex couples from getting federal benefits and privileges , like tax breaks and survivor benefits , that are extended to opposite-sex couples . Couple at the center of epic high court fight The court is unlikely to announce its decisions on both matters until June . Andrew Pugno , general counsel for the Protect Marriage Coalition , the group defending Proposition 8 , said its attorney had "  credibly presented the winning case for marriage . " "  We think the hearing went very well , " he told reporters . Attorneys representing the two couples seeking to overturn Proposition 8 , meanwhile , said they could n't tell how the court would rule . "  We are confident where the American people are going with this , " said Theodore Olson . "  We do n't know for sure what the United States Supreme Court is going to do , but we 're very , very grateful they listened , they heard , they asked hard questions , and there 's no denying where the right is . " Spirited rallies on both sides of debate One of the plaintiff couples -- Paul Katami and Jeff Zarrillo of Burbank , California , who want to marry but ca n't because of Proposition 8 -- contend the state is discriminating against them because of their sexuality . "  This is about our freedom and our liberty , " Katami said . "  We are not trying to topple marriage . We are not trying to redefine marriage . What we are trying to say is that equality is the backbone of our country . " This view was echoed by fellow same-sex marriage supporters , who rallied outside the court with the hope that the justices would eventually issue a broad ruling to strike down bans nationwide . 5 turning points in the debate "  We are not asking for anything more than our neighbors , friends and family , but certainly expect no less , " said Todd Bluntworth , who spoke with his husband and their two children . But opponents who rallied nearby -- some of them carrying signs reading , "  Kids do best with a mom & dad " -- urged the court to keep out of the issue and leave the decision to states . "  If you want to get married , go to one of the states that allows gay marriage , " said Carl Boyd Jr. , a conservative Nashville talk-show host . "  Stop trying to force your agenda down our throats . Quit trying to bully the American people with the homosexual agenda . " Patchwork state laws The court could historically alter how the law treats marriage , striking down laws across the country banning same-sex marriage and matching an apparent cultural shift toward acceptance of same-sex couples . Or it could leave the current patchwork of state laws in place , choosing to let state legislatures and state courts sort it all out . Forty-one states now forbid same-sex marriage , although nine of them allow civil partnerships . Nine other states allow same-sex marriage , and about 120,000 same-sex couples have gotten married , according to estimates . By the numbers : Same-sex marriage California 's ban seems to run counter to polls that show rising support overall for same-sex marriage . A CNN/ORC International poll released on Monday found 53 % of Americans now support same-sex marriage , up from 40 % in 2007 . As to how the federal government should handle the issue -- the subject of Wednesday 's hearing -- another CNN/ORC International poll out Tuesday found 56 % of the public feels the federal government should also legally recognize same-sex marriages . The Justice Department will argue against the Defense of Marriage Act , a federal law , on Wednesday . Plaintiff : ` We were like most couples ' This comes as President Barack Obama has changed positions on same-sex marriage over his political career . Now fully supportive , he 's said would strike down California 's law if he sat on the Supreme Court . Other prominent politicians have voiced timely opinions in recent weeks , indicating the matter 's importance in 21st century American politics . Hillary Clinton , the former secretary of state and possible 2016 Democratic presidential candidate , publicly backed same-sex marriage earlier this month . The Republican party has historically backed efforts to define marriage as only between a man and a woman . But there 's been notable movement of late among Republicans , including Sen. Rob Portman 's recent shift to support same-sex marriage , which he made two years after his son revealed to him that he is gay . "  There is no putting this genie back in the bottle . It is undeniable . The shift is here , and we 're not going back , " Republican strategist and CNN contributor Ana Navarro said Sunday . Roberts ' lesbian cousin in D.C. for arguments	California 's AG says she did n't defend Proposition 8 because it 's unconstitutional The Supreme Court heard 80 minutes of arguments on California 's same-sex ban Justices seemed reluctant to embrace sweeping same-sex marriage right , analyst says On Wednesday , justices hear arguments on the federal Defense of Marriage Act
CNN  -- Roman Abramovich is seeking to buy back Chelsea 's home ground in order to switch to a new location that he hopes will help the English Premier League club remain competitive on an international scale . Stamford Bridge , which dates back to 1876 , once hosted a crowd of almost 83,000 people . But many decades since that 1935 landmark , its capacity is now only 41,841 -- having been converted into an all-seater venue in the safety-conscious 1990s . However , ownership of the stadium was given to a fans ' collective long before billionaire Abramovich bought the west London club in 2003 , in order to fight off the prospect it would again be bought by property developers . The terms of the deal which eventually sold Stamford Bridge to Chelsea Pitch Owners  CPO  in 1999 , a move that required a Â # 10 million  $ 15 million  loan from the club , meant the team can not keep its name if it relocates . Can football chants ever go too far ? "  We know only too well how close the club came to losing our home prior to the formation of CPO , but that threat has now gone under Mr. Abramovich 's ownership , " Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck told the club 's website . "  And with the CPO structure in place , we can not plan with certainty for the future . I hope all shareholders vote in favor of the proposal . " The CPO members will make their decision at a special meeting on October 27 that will have a massive bearing on Chelsea 's future plans . With the introduction of UEFA 's financial fairplay rules looming , Chelsea 's need to maximize revenue and become less dependent on the club 's Russian benefactor is growing . Premier League rivals Manchester United can entertain more than 75,000 fans at every home game , while Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium holds some 60,000 . Bigger grounds are seen as the way ahead , with Tottenham recently losing out to West Ham in a bitterly-contested bid to take over London 's new Olympic Stadium after 2012 . However , English clubs have some way to go before catching their European rivals . Barcelona 's Camp Nou has the continent 's largest capacity at almost 100,000 while Spanish rivals Real Madrid top 85,000 at the Santiago Bernabeu . Borussia Dortmund 's Signal Iduna Park is the biggest football ground in Germany with a capacity of 80,000 for domestic matches , while Bayern Munich 's Allianz Arena regularly brings in almost 70,000 . In Italy , the two Milan clubs can draw crowds of 80,000 -- though Juventus bucked the trend by moving to a smaller 41,000-capacity ground this season , leaving behind the unpopular 60,000-plus Stadio delle Alpi . Success in Europe 's biggest club competition , the Champions League , still eludes Abramovich despite the vast fortune he has pumped into Chelsea . A move to a new venue -- which would be within a three-mile radius of the club 's current home if completed by 2020 , under terms of the offer to the CPO -- would be a big statement of his desire to make Chelsea a worldwide force . "  I am sure all Chelsea fans have enjoyed the football and success we have witnessed at Stamford Bridge since 2003 , and Chelsea Football Club and Mr. Abramovich are determined to ensure that the club continues to compete at the highest level of world football , " chief executive Ron Gourlay said . "  We continue to look at options for expanding the Bridge , and I should be clear that we have not identified a site for a new stadium elsewhere . " Chelsea 's offer to the CPO 's 12,000 stakeholders is at the original price of Â # 100 per share -- an investment of Â # 1.5 million . "  Bear in mind that no-one bought these shares as a financial investment , " Buck told the UK Press Association . "  Everyone bought these shares as a way of helping the club and they also bought them as mementos and souvenirs . "  We have n't considered making them a big offer because we believe that they are fans of Chelsea Football Club and want to do what 's best for Chelsea . " On offer is a promise that 10 % of the planned minimum 55,000 seats will be available to families and fans aged under 21 . CPO shareholders who vote for the sale will be listed on a roll of honor at any new stadium , and would get priority for buying season tickets . The Chelsea Supporters ' Club , however , is not convinced that the club should leave its longtime home . "  Where is the proof that Stamford Bridge ca n't be expanded ? Undoubtedly many fans would prefer to stay , and I suspect loss of hotels/restaurants would not be a major concern for many , " Peter T. wrote in a statement on its website . "  The ` walk of honor ' proposal is risible and insulting . Given that any new ground would be bigger , the ` priority season ticket ' offer is surely nebulous as well , as well as morally reprehensible . " He also questioned why the vote had been called at such short notice , without any future venues being identified , and why the offer did not take into account inflation since the original 1993 CPO deal . Needing a 50 % majority approval from the CPO shareholders , Abramovich may yet find more obstacles in his dreams of world domination .	Chelsea 's owner seeking to buy back Stamford Bridge so club can move The west London stadium is owned by a fans ' group in order to protect its future English Premier League team hoping to build new ground to maximize revenue Supporters ' club could block the move if fans decide not to sell their shares
CNN  -- English Premier League form side Tottenham are on the brink of going out of the Europa League after Greek outfit PAOK Salonika claimed a shock 2-1 Group A victory at White Hart Lane . Tottenham have been in superb form in recent weeks , winning nine of their last 10 league games to move up to third place in the table . However , their European form has not been as strong , and this month 's 1-0 reverse at Rubin Kazan was followed by another defeat on Wednesday to leave Harry Redknapp 's side needing PAOK to win their last game next month in order to help Tottenham achieve qualification through to the last 32 . The visitors went ahead in the sixth minute when an unmarked Dimitris Salpingidis guided the ball home from Giorgos Georgiadis ' right-wing cross . And PAOK doubled their lead seven minutes later when Stefanos Athanasiadis tapped home from close range after more suspect Spurs marking . The home side pulled one back seven minutes before the break when Luka Modric scored from the penalty spot after Konstantinos Stafylidis was dismissed for handball on the line . However , despite having a numerical advantage for the whole of the second half , Tottenham failed to find the goal they needed . The result means PAOK are top on 11 points and have qualified for the last 32 knockout stage . Russian side Rubin Kazan are second on 10 points after thrashing Shamrock Rovers 4-1 in the other group game . For Spurs to qualify , they will now need to win heavily at Shamrock in their final match , and hope Rubin Kazan are beaten at PAOK in the other tie . Also through to the last 32 are 2010 winners Atletico Madrid , after the Spanish side won 1-0 at Celtic in Group I thanks to a superb long-range strike from Turkish international Arda Turan on the half-hour mark . The other match between Rennes of France and Italians Udinese ended 0-0 , a result that means Atletico have qualified with 10 points ahead of the final round of matches . Udinese are second on eight points and they will secure their place in the knockout round if they draw at home to Celtic in their final game , with the Scottish side needing a victory to progress . Group C is the only group where both qualifiers have now been decided , after PSV Eindhoven won 3-0 at Legia Warsaw . That result means both sides have gone through , on 13 points and nine points respectively . Romanians Rapid Bucharest needed to beat Israeli side Hapoel Tel-Aviv at home to retain any hope , but they were beaten 3-1 . Another side to reach the knockout stage is Standard Liege , who saw off Germans Hannover 2-0 to make it three wins and two draws from their five Group B matches so far . The Belgian outfit are on 11 points , three ahead of Hannover , who need a point from their final match against Vorskla Poltava to also secure qualification . Ukrainian side Metalist Kharkov continued their impressive run of form in the competition , thumping Austria Vienna 4-1 to secure their qualification from Group G with 13 points from their five matches . Malmo and AZ Alkmaar drew 0-0 in the other match to leave Alkmaar needing to beat Kharkov in their final match to join their opponents in the last 32 . However , there is all to play for in Group H , with any two of three teams still able to qualify . Last year 's beaten finalists Sporting Braga beat Birmingham City 1-0 , while a remarkable match in Slovenia saw Bruges of Belgium fight back from 3-0 down to win 4-3 in injury time against Maribor . That means Bruges and Braga are level on 10 points and they play each other in the final match . A draw there will see them both qualify with Birmingham , who are three points behind in third place , needing to beat Maribor in their final match and hoping the other game does not end in a draw . There was a suprise result in the English League Cup quarterfinals , where Manchester United were beaten 2-1 at home by Championship side Crystal Palace in extra time . That result means Palace now play fellow-second tier side Cardiff City in the semifinals , while Premier League giants Liverpool and Manchester City face each other in the second semifinal .	Tottenham on the brink of Europa League elimination after a 2-1 defeat by PAOK Salonika They need to win their final Group A match and hope PAOK beat Russians Rubin Kazan 2010 winners Atletico Madrid clinch their place in the last 32 after a 1-0 victory at Celtic
Berlin  CNN  -- The peak of a cloud of volcanic ash that forced the cancellation of hundreds of flights has passed , Iceland 's prime minister said Wednesday . "  The worst is over , " Prime Minister Johanna Siguroardottir said . "  And now the clean-up can begin . Our geoscientists say that the eruption is waning day by day and that the problems arising in our neighboring countries as a result of volcanic ash should be resolved quickly . " According to the Icelandic Meteorological Office , the eruption of the Grimsvotn volcano "  paused " at 2:40 a.m. Wednesday  10:40 p.m. Tuesday ET  , meaning it was not erupting at the moment . The agency warned , however , that it could begin again , and that only after three months with no eruptions will the volcano be considered dormant . Meanwhile , some German airports were reopened Wednesday after cancellations due to the cloud of volcanic ash . Bremen has reopened and Hamburg is allowing takeoffs and landings , according to Deutsche Flugsicherung , the German aviation safety agency . Airports in Berlin will resume flights at 2 p.m. local time  8 a.m. ET  . The closures affected at least 600 flights in Germany , authorities said . Poland could be affected later in the day , the European air traffic control agency Eurocontrol said . PrzemysBaw Przybylski , the spokesman for the Chopin airport in Warsaw , said as of Wednesday afternoon flights into Warsaw were still being accepted . But the ash cloud is dissipating and much of the rest of European air travel is expected to be running normally Wednesday , the agency said . A portion of the ash from Saturday 's eruption in Iceland had spread over Britain by Tuesday afternoon , with the cloud reaching London 's Heathrow airport around lunchtime , a computer model indicated . Eurocontrol reported about 500 flights in British airspace were canceled Tuesday . Heathrow alone normally operates about 1,300 flights a day , and Europe as a whole has about 29,000 daily , according to Eurocontrol . The Grimsvotn eruption came about 13 months after Iceland 's Eyjafjallajokull volcano belched smoke and ash into the skies over the continent , forcing the cancellation of thousands of flights per day at the peak of the problem . The ash can be a serious hazard to aircraft , reducing visibility , damaging flight controls and ultimately causing jet engines to fail . Grimsvotn 's eruption was more than 10 times larger and put more ash into the air in 36 hours than last year 's burst did in a month , University of Iceland geophysicist Magnus Tumi Gudmundsson told CNN Tuesday -- but the main eruption is now over , he said . Disruptions from the larger eruption are likely to be smaller than they were in 2010 , said Gillian Foulger , a geophysicist at Britain 's Durham University . Most of the ash is blowing northwest , toward sparsely populated Greenland , and the European aviation industry collected valuable safety data during last year 's event . "  It 's much better able to set the safety thresholds accurately , so I think things are probably going to turn out very well for us , " Foulger said . Airlines have been making the case that it is safe to fly through ash clouds of medium density , Britain 's Civil Aviation Authority said Tuesday . Carriers including British Airways , Virgin and EasyJet are now free to fly through clouds of up to 4,000 micrograms per cubic meter if they feel it is safe to do so , Richard Taylor of the CAA told CNN . Grimsvotn lies beneath Iceland 's Vatnajokull glacier , a sheet of ice more than three times the size of the U.S. state of Rhode Island -- larger than any on mainland Europe . Grimsvotn is the country 's most active volcano and last erupted in 2004 , according to the Icelandic Meteorological Office . "  If history is any guide , we expect the next eruption to be in five to six years , " said the agency 's Jakobsdottir on Wednesday . In 1783 , a 16.7-mile fissure system from the volcano produced the world 's largest known historical lava flow over a seven-month period , damaging crops and livestock , according to the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History . A resulting famine led to the death of one-fifth of Iceland 's population , according to the museum . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Ayesha Durgahee and Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : Grimsvotn 's eruption has "  paused , " the Icelandic Meteorological Office says Poland could be affected later Wednesday A cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland is affecting European air travel It is dissipating and most flights should go as planned , Eurocontrol says
CNN  -- On the face of Saturday 's qualifying results , Ferrari 's hopes of closing the gap on the all-conquering Red Bull at the Italian team 's home grand prix seem as distant as they have most of this season . Fernando Alonso will start Sunday 's race at Monza fifth on the grid , and a place behind teammate Felipe Massa , while Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber will have the front row to themselves . Alonso , 46 points behind Formula One championship leader Vettel , had appeared to make up ground on the German in the morning practice session but qualifying did not go to plan . The Spaniard had hoped to use "  towing " tactics behind Massa to boost his lap times , but the Brazilian got too far ahead in the third session and ended up setting a faster pace . F1 interactive : Explore Monza Alonso was heard complaining on his team radio , "  Felipe is too far away ! " -- and then reportedly called his crew "  idiots , " though he said it was actually "  geniuses . " However , the two-time world champion later downplayed the incident and insisted he was happier this weekend than after the previous race in Belgium , where Alonso qualified ninth and Massa 10th . "  Here at Monza the slipstreaming strategy is often used : having a car three to four seconds ahead of you allows you to gain a few tenths and for that I must thank Felipe , especially in Q3 when I came up behind Vergne 's Toro Rosso and he waited for me , " Alonso , Alonso , who won the race for Ferrari in 2010 and McLaren in 2007 , said on his team 's website . "  The radio messages have been misunderstood , as is often the case when you do n't experience something first hand : the word ` genius ' refers to the fact that we could have got out before Rosberg had gone by on his quick lap , but this should not raise any doubts about the impeccable job from the whole team . "  Today , we were able to run competitively in all three sessions and get closer than ever before to the rear wings of the Red Bulls . For the first time , there are not so many cars between them and us . " Nevertheless , Alonso 's best time of one minute 24.142 seconds was well adrift of Vettel 's 1:23.755 , while Webber clocked 1:23.968 . Vettel is seeking his third victory at Monza , having won there in 2008 with Toro Rosso and again in 2011 on the way to his second of three consecutive world titles . "  We did n't expect to be so strong here , with both cars on the front row , " he said after earning his fourth pole this season . "  We 've had years where we 've had a good car , but not a car that 's competitive in low downforce trim , so in that regard we did our homework . " Nico Hulkenberg , whose Sauber is powered by a Ferrari engine , provided the surprise of the day as he clinched third place on the grid in 1:24.065 . "  I did n't expect that after a very difficult Friday , " said the German , whose teammate Esteban Gutierrez qualified 17th but will start a place higher following Adrian Sutil 's penalty . "  Yesterday we struggled a lot with the car and the guys have done a fantastic job turning it around to give me such a competitive car today . " While Hulkenberg boosted his chances of a best finish since placing eighth in Malaysia in March , Mercedes boss Ross Brawn lamented his team 's worst qualifying performance this season . Lewis Hamilton missed final qualifying for the first time in 67 races , and will start 12th on the grid after his run of four successive pole positions ended in miserable style . Nico Rosberg was back in sixth , having missed most of the morning practice due to hydraulics problems . "  That was our worst qualifying session of the year , " Brawn said . "  With the standards we set ourselves , that makes this result a real disappointment . " Hamilton refused to blame Sutil for the incident that cost the Force India driver a three-place penalty , demoting the German to 17th as punishment for impeding the British driver as he tried to set a timed lap . "  I just did n't get a lap together in Q2 today and it 's hugely disappointing , not just for me , but also for the team and I can only apologize to them as we had a quick car today , " said the 2008 world champion , who won the race last year while at McLaren . "  I came off at Parabolica on my first run which damaged the car and it was a downward spiral from there really . " Daniel Ricciardo , who will replace his fellow Australian Webber at Red Bull next season , bounced back from a difficult Friday by qualifying seventh for Toro Rosso -- his teammate Jean Eric Vergne was 10th . McLaren 's struggles continued , with Sergio Perez eighth and 2009 world champion Jenson Button ninth . Kimi Raikkonen 's title hopes receded even further as the Finn was back in 11th for Lotus , with teammate Romain Grosjean 13th .	Fernando Alonso will start fifth on the grid for his Ferrari team 's home race in Italy Spaniard was beaten by his teammate Felipe Massa , who qualifies fourth Championship leader Sebastian Vettel wins pole in Red Bull 1-2 at Monza Last year 's race winner Lewis Hamilton misses Q3 and will start back in 12th
CNN  -- Former Democratic Rep. Charles Wilson of Texas , whose support for anti-Soviet forces in Afghanistan inspired the 2007 movie "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " died Wednesday at age 76 . The 12-term congressman , who served the state 's second congressional district , had been in a meeting Wednesday morning with a friend when he complained of difficulty breathing , said Yana Ogletree , a spokeswoman for Memorial Medical Center in Lufkin . The two men were heading to the hospital when they passed an emergency medical services vehicle on the side of the road and stopped for help , she said . Paramedics took Wilson to the hospital emergency room , where he was pronounced dead , she said . Wilson , who had undergone a heart transplant at Methodist Hospital in Houston in September 2007 , moved back to Lufkin when he retired from Congress in 1997 after having served since 1973 , she said . "  I had the unforgettable experience of knowing Congressman Wilson when I was at CIA and he was working tirelessly on behalf of the Afghan resistance fighting the Soviets , " said Defense Secretary Robert Gates in a written statement . "  As the world now knows , his efforts and exploits helped repel an invader , liberate a people and bring the Cold War to a close . After the Soviets left , Charlie kept fighting for the Afghan people and warned against abandoning that traumatized country to its fate -- a warning we should have heeded then , and should remember today . " "  Charlie Wilson led a life that was oversized even by Hollywood 's standards , " said Texas Gov. Rick Perry in a statement . "  Congressman Wilson was fiercely devoted to serving his country and his fellow Texans . " "  Charlie was a man of courage and conviction who worked hard , loved his country , and lived life to the fullest , " said House Appropriations Committee Chairman David R. Obey , D-Wisconsin . "  We will miss him . " Tom Hanks portrayed the flamboyant congressman in the 2007 movie "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " based on the book by George Crile . The book and the film told the story of Wilson 's efforts to get weapons to Mujahedeen fighters after Soviets invaded Afghanistan . "  Hanks did a great job , " Wilson said in 2008 . Wilson also praised the other actors . "  They were too close to the truth , " he said . The U.S. Naval Academy grad and Navy veteran was elected to Congress in 1972 -- a Democrat bucking the national Nixon landslide -- and quickly became known for his high-living escapades , which earned him the nickname "  Good Time Charlie , " and shrewd accumulation of political chits . His savvy came in handy in the early 1980s , when Wilson , a staunch anti-Communist , decided to help Afghan rebels in their war against the invading Soviet Union . Over several years , working behind the scenes , his efforts to raise funds through his defense subcommittee , to establish a bond with a CIA agent named Gust Avrakotos  played by Philip Seymour Hoffman in the film  and to negotiate support from Middle Eastern countries helped the Afghans take the upper hand and eventually forced the Soviets out of the country . Asked what led to the Soviet departure , Pakistani leader Gen. Muhammad Zia ul-Haq was blunt : "  Charlie did it , " he told CBS News ' "  60 Minutes . " Some people criticized the film because it did n't do much to highlight what happened in Afghanistan after the Soviets left : the Taliban 's takeover of the country and al Qaeda 's use of the nation as a base . Wilson was asked in 2008 about the consequences of helping the Mujahedeen fighters . "  I do n't think there was a serious blowback , " Wilson said . "  I think there was the point that -LSB- author -RSB- George Crile made in the -LSB- book 's -RSB- epilogue , that the Muslims saw that they took down one superpower and then the radical ones thought they could take down another one . But they 're wrong . " Wilson is survived by his wife , Barbara Alberstadt Wilson , a sister , a niece and a nephew . Funeral arrangements are pending . CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Wilson complained of difficulty breathing while in meeting , hospital says 12-term congressman died at Lufkin , Texas , hospital 2007 movie depicted his efforts to arm Afghan Mujahedeen He served Texas ' 2nd Congressional District
Athens , Georgia  CNN  -- The still charred brick walls reverberated with music for the first time since a 2009 fire gutted the iconic Georgia Theatre . The historic venue , though rebuilt and modernized , still showed the scars of the blaze that almost devoured the entire building . The Glands , an indie rock band from Athens , Georgia , began their sound check in the same spot that helped launch the careers of R.E.M. , the B-52s and many other influential groups . "  That 's the first song that 's been played in here in two years , " said owner Wilmot Greene , a smile beaming from his face now that construction was complete and the music had returned . After two years of working to the sounds of backhoes and jackhammers , Greene hears rock 'n' roll . There were major doubts about whether the musical landmark would come back after the fire . But on August 1 the theatre opened its doors to ticket holders for a triumphant two-week series of performances . Greene said he will never forget the reopening . "  It was just such a magical night to finally see people back in here . " The still-unexplained fire ignited overnight inside a guest dressing room and fully engulfed the building 's mostly wooden interior . In just a few hours the blaze destroyed the interior of the more than 100-year-old building . August 2010 : Theater struggles after fire The final cost to rebuild the theater and retrofit it to modern building codes : $ 4.5 million . Insurance only covered what little was owed on the original structure and the owners were limited by how much they could borrow from the bank . Donations and fundraising benefits have brought in more than $ 250,000 . The largest donation came from the Grammy Award winning Zac Brown Band , another product of the Athens music scene . Without these contributions , the theater might not have been brought back to life . "  We raised exactly as much as we had to . Had we raised any less it would n't have worked , " said Greene . The theater continues to accept donations and high-level donors are honored in a photo gallery inside the theater that documents the fire and rebuilding process . The new space has been transformed from four blackened exterior brick walls and a heap of smoldering rubble to what theater production manager Ric Wallace describes as a world class music venue . "  Everything is designed to operate and support A-list artists , " he said . The Drive-By Truckers ' guitarist and singer Patterson Hood was heartbroken when he got the call that the theater had burned down . "  It 's a very important part of our town 's music history , " Hood said . "  We were all very upset . " He was pleased with how much the re-build matches the original grandeur . "  I think they did an absolutely fantastic job with it , " he said . "  I was blown away ! " The rickety wooden steps that at one point led patrons to the balcony have been replaced with an elevator and three floors of a fire-safe enclosed spiral staircase . The worn and tattered bars have been rebuilt using wood salvaged from the rubble . And the new 65,000 watt sound system fills the room completely to ensure the 1,087 fans get what they came for , the music . Though the insides have changed , the remodeled structure still pays homage to the original . The signature marquee remains . There are still two bars that flank either side on the main level . Stately red curtains still outline the stage and the same exposed brick walls , though more charred than before , are all still there . Starting with a blank slate also gave theater management the ability to make improvements . A three-tiered balcony gives a great vantage point to see the shows and a rooftop bar allows concertgoers the opportunity to step outside and soak in the evening . The remodelers ' ultimate goal , though , was to give the theater an updated look without taking away from the feel of the original layout . "  Even though it 's a different place , it 's still the same , it 's still the grand old theater , " Wallace said . The building was transformed into a movie theater in the 1930s and has been everything from a YMCA to a Masonic temple to a furniture store . It became a music venue in 1978 and was the backdrop for R.E.M. 's "  Shiny Happy People " and John Mayer 's "  No Such Thing " videos . Other major artists , such as Widespread Panic and Zac Brown , cut their teeth playing to sweaty fans inside the theatre . It became the type of venue that gave something to everybody . With so many shows that span several genres , any music fan can find their niche . On one night , the Derek Trucks Band would jam on mellow Southern blues . Another night , Cee Lo Green would blow the roof off with R&B . With this in mind , the owners decided to hold the two-week grand opening to cover the full gamut of musical styles that fully encapsulates the diversity of the theater . "  What I 've always loved about the Georgia Theatre is that it 's a clean palette that any kind of artist can paint on , " said Greene . Drive-By Truckers were among a dozen acts who performed during the grand reopening . Others included Big Boi and Bela Fleck and the Flecktones . "  It has been fabulous , " Greene said of the first weeks of shows . "  The crowds have been full and the bands have been happy . It 's really just gone fantastic ! " The fans have come back in droves , selling out most shows since the reopening . The theatre is now able to resume its purpose : giving people a place to just enjoy the music . "  There 's this real primeval thing about going to a concert , " Greene said . "  I feel like people have been dancing around the fire since we were humans . " Now , after two years and a massive effort , the dancing has returned .	Burned in mysterious '09 fire , venue holds grand re-opening Theater hosted early gigs for R.E.M. , B-52s , Indigo Girls , Widespread Panic 2-week re-opening features artists from Drive-By Truckers to Big Boi Truckers ' Patterson Hood : "  I was blown away ! "
CNN  -- Leszek Balcerowicz , Poland 's former finance minister , recently said his country is enjoying "  its best period in 300 years . " CNN looks at how the country emerged from communism to become one of eastern Europe 's most stable and thriving democracies . Solidarity leader Lech Walesa addresses striking workers in Gdansk , Poland in 1989 . Modern Poland gained independence in 1918 only to be overrun by Germany and the Soviet Union during the Second World War . Almost six million Poles , including the majority of the country 's large Jewish population , died during the devastating six-year conflict . The shadow of Stalin continued to loom large over Poland after the war , when the communist-dominated government ensured that Poland would become a Soviet satellite state for the next 40 years . The following decades were punctuated by revolts against the repressive authoritarian regime in Warsaw , but none had a greater impact on Poland 's political future than events in 1980 at a shipyard in western Poland . With a struggling economy and rumors of corruption and mismanagement within the state causing widespread discontent , a series of strikes by workers paralyzed the country . Eventually the government was forced to negotiate and on August 31 , 1980 , workers at the massive Lenin shipyard in Gdansk , led by an electrician named Lech Walesa , signed a deal giving workers the right to strike and form trade unions . This heralded the creation of the Solidarity movement , which would ultimately be instrumental in bringing Poland 's communist era to an end . The presence in the Vatican at the time of Polish-born Pope John-Paul II was also a significant influence on the movement throughout the 1980s , as the Catholic church had remained a very potent force in Polish life . The Pope even made a visit to the country in 1979 . Despite Soviet-endorsed attempts to slow the erosion of the regime 's grip on power -- including the declaration of martial law by General Wojciech Jaruzelski in 1981 which outlawed Solidarity -- Poland 's worsening economic situation , compounded by further nationwide strikes , meant that the government had no alternative but to negotiate a date for free elections with Walesa and the Solidarity movement . Solidarity members won a stunning victory in the election of 1989 , taking almost all the seats in the Senate and all of the 169 seats they were allowed to contest in the Sejm or parliament . This gave them substantial influence in the new government . Activist and journalist Tadeusz Mazowiecki was appointed prime minister , while Lech Walesa was elected as president the following year . Were you in Poland in 1989 ? Send us your memories After years of economic mismanagement under the communists , Poland embarked on a painful reform program under finance minister Leszek Balcerowicz -- especially in traditional heavy industries such as coal and steel -- which moved away from the inefficient state-controlled system of economic planning . Despite growing unemployment and a dilapidated infrastructure , Poland was slowly transformed into an investment-friendly , market economy . Banking and lending policies were reformed , while newly reshaped ownership relations , independent enterprises and strengthened domestic competition all had a massive impact . Over a relatively short period of time , Poland had become one of the most dynamically developing economies in Europe and by the mid-1990s , it became known as the "  Tiger of Europe . " Poland also liberalized its international trade during this period . The national currency -- the zloty -- became convertible to other currencies and internal convertibility was also established , providing another platform for dynamic economic growth . New markets in countries that had been treated not so long before as ideological as well as economic enemies were opened up to Polish companies . The EU and U.S. were now the key markets for Polish goods . This realignment of policy was emphasized by its accession into the European Union in 2004 . It had also joined NATO in 1999 . Unfortunately the continuing problem of high unemployment and the promise of better salaries encouraged many Poles to work in other EU countries after 2004 . However this trend started to reverse in 2008 as the Polish economy enjoyed a boom period . Politically , Poland has also successfully transformed itself into a fully democratic country . Since 1991 the Polish people have voted in parliamentary elections and four presidential elections -- all free and fair . Incumbent governments have transferred power smoothly and constitutionally in every instance to their successors .	Poland was ruled by Soviet-backed regime after the Second World War Solidarity movement became a key factor in the fall of communist regime Centrally-planned economic system replaced by free market economy Poland joined the European Union in 2004
CNN  -- It 's that time of year for seasonal trips to the movies , and to celebrate , the Screening Room is taking a look back at our favorite family hits over the years . The best of Spielberg : "  E.T. " is our perfect family movie and perfectly captures childhood . From blockbuster to blockbuster , these are the films with something for everyone . They 've got to be live action -- we 've covered animated films before -- and family friendly . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Post your comments to the Screening Room blog and we 'll publish the best . Read other CNN viewers ' favorite and worst family films , and tell us yours >> 1 . E.T. : The Extra-Terrestrial  Steven Spielberg , 1982  Spielberg 's magic captures a perfect moment in childhood . We laughed and wept as his ugly little critter from outer space stole our hearts , while the kids fell firmly on the cute side of annoying . And oh , the music ... 2 . Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory  Mel Stuart , 1971  Gene Wilder 's whacked-out Willy Wonka adds a pinch of sinister to Roald Dahl 's anarchic sweet treat , while the ignoble exits of Veruca Salt , Augustus Gloop and Mike Teevee were delicious . 3 . Babe  Chris Noonan , 1995  "  That 'll do , pig . " Babe is wide-eyed with wonder in Dick King-Smith 's touching tale of a lonely little sheep-pig . Comic relief from the ewes , subtle special effects and a heartwarming turn from James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett make this a magical tale for all . 4 . Bugsy Malone  Alan Parker , 1976  Jodie Foster and Scott Baio  Yes , Chachi from "  Happy Days ! "  star in this glorious escapade set in a musical world of pint-sized gangsters and mini-molls . Al Capone for the kids ; just watch out for the splurge guns ... 5 . Oliver !  Carol Reed , 1968  Jack Wild is delightful as the Artful Dodger , Ron Moody 's devilish Fagin glints with avaricious greed and Shani Willis shines as poor , ill-fated Nancy . But it 's Oliver Reed 's dark and sinister Bill Sykes who stayed with us -- and left us wanting more . 6 . Back to the Future  Robert Zemeckis , 1985  Christopher Lloyd 's mad professor , a Delorean-cum-time machine , rock 'n' roll and a convenient bolt of lightning see Biff the bully get his come-uppance . All that , and a skateboarding Michael J. Fox ? Mr Zemeckis , you spoil us ! 7 . Home Alone  Chris Columbus , 1990  Macaulay Culkin 's abandoned little boy sees off bungling burglars Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern with a series of eye-watering stunts . It proves just how great a child actor Culkin was ; pity the unpopular babysitters who became the victims of copycat pranksters ... 8 . Ghostbusters  Ivan Reitman , 1984  Bill Murray , Dan Ackroyd and Harold Ramis blast ghostly green monsters to oblivion in this slime-filled romp around NYC , while taking time out to annoy Sigourney Weaver en route . Who you gon na call ? 9 . The Muppet Movie  James Frawley , 1979  Kermit and Co. 's roadtrip to Hollywood is a fabulously fuzzy tale of friendship and following your dreams , but the Muppet Movie 's not just for kids : there 's cameos a-plenty  Bob Hope , Steve Martin , Richard Pryor , ORSON WELLES !  for Dad and smart one-liners by the bucketful for Mom . 10 . Harry Potter  Various , 2001-present  The Hogwarts trio 's wizarding adventures , backed by a cast plump with the best of British actors . Fast-paced plots , spellbinding special effects and magical sets , but be warned : it 'll have the li'l critters pestering you to go to boarding school ... And our favorite hide-behind-the-sofa moments ... The Wizard of Oz  Victor Fleming , 1939  "  I 'll get you , my pretty , and your little dog , too ! " Margaret Hamilton 's green , cackling Wicked Witch of the West is hell-bent on revenging the death of her sister and getting those ruby slippers ; she 'll use deadly poppies and flying monkeys to do it . Terror as a rite of passage . Chitty Chitty Bang Bang  Ken Hughes , 1968  With his battered top hat and lank hair , Robert Helpmann 's creepy Child Catcher prowled from Vulgaria into our nightmares , hoping to catch a whiff of his prey with his unfeasibly long nose . The only film character to give the Wicked Witch of the West a run for her money . Star Wars  George Lucas , 1977  Darth Vader may cast a formidable shadow , but it 's the sound of his labored breathing that makes the hairs on the back of your neck stand up -- as it gets closer , closer , closer ... Ghostbusters  Ivan Reitman , 1984  Rule 475 of Surviving the Movies : Never go into the basement ! The thick silence in New York 's Central Library masks a phantom infestation -- and they 're not going quietly . As the gray-haired librarian switched to shrieking ghoul , a generation of children was put off reading for life . Jurassic Park  Steven Spielberg , 1993  And again , it 's the sound effects that make the Velociraptors so scary -- as the frighteningly intelligent pack of lizards hunt for Lex and Tim among the kitchen workbenches , their hissing grows ever nearer ... Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Sound off and read others ' thoughts in the Screening Room blog . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's The Screening Room picks the top 10 live-action family films "  E.T. , " "  Willy Wonka " and "  Babe " head the list Hide-behind-the-sofa moments include "  The Wizard of Oz , " "  Jurassic Park " Think we 've missed one ? Post your comments to the Screening Room blog
Miami  CNN  -- "  No queremos ir pa ' Cuba ! " We do n't want to go to Cuba . Those words were repeatedly sung by a young man in his mid-20s , who had just risked his life to escape the communist island . Instead , he found himself , along with nine other Cuban men , lying on the deck of the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Margaret Norvell . The eyes of all 10 filled with desperation and sadness . They knew they were going back . On this night , the Norvell received the men from another cutter , less than 10 miles off Key West , Florida . In the distance , they could see the lights of the land of freedom they hoped to reach . But , like many before them , they would be quickly processed and repatriated . This is a different front line of the immigration crisis : the Florida Straits , a 90-mile-long stretch of open water between the Florida Keys and Cuba . On one side , the Bahamas . On the other , the Gulf of Mexico . And , in between , an alarming increase in the number of people -- mostly Cubans and Haitians -- using makeshift rafts and boats in an attempt to reach America . In fiscal year 2014 , which ended September 30 , the U.S. Coast Guard 7th District , which patrols this area , saw the highest number of migrants in five years , with 10,126 people found on land and sea . That 's over 3,000 more than the previous year . "  Most of it is economic . They 're looking for a better way of life , " said Lt. Kirk Fistick , commanding officer of the Norvell . More attempts , new routes For some of those caught and returned , it 's just the latest chapter in their long journey to freedom . CNN learned one of the Cuban men on the Norvell was on his ninth attempt at crossing the Florida Straits . "  There are people that have done this dozens of times , " said Fistick . And , since 2012 , the Coast Guard says it has seen human smugglers use new routes to get migrants to America -- namely , by avoiding Florida altogether . In Cuba 's case , people on the island now have more freedom to visit other countries . So , an increasing number of Cubans are legally flying to smaller Caribbean islands near the U.S. Virgin Islands , then smugglers are bringing them over to the tiny American territory . "  That 's a very short maritime distance . And so , it 's tough to combat that , " said Capt. Mark Fedor , the chief of response for the Coast Guard 7th District . For Haitians , the new routes are longer and more dangerous . "  There are organized smugglers that will try to lure them from Haiti through the Dominican Republic , and then into Puerto Rico . That never happened really , before 2012 . And now , that vector accounts for 40 % of all the Haitians leaving Haiti , " said Fedor . Doing more with less When it comes to dealing with migrants , the Coast Guard is in a unique position . Part of the agency 's mission is humanitarian . But , unlike the other military branches , the Coast Guard , which now resides within the Department of Homeland Security , also has federal law enforcement responsibilities . In that capacity , it also serves as the lead agency in charge of stopping human and drug smugglers in open waters . And , along the Florida Straits , it 's not an easy task . "  There are organized smugglers here , especially human traffickers -- the lowest of the low , when it comes to trafficking . It could be kids , women caught up in the sex trade . They 're moving people any way they can to try to get them in the United States , " Fedor said . He said it can get frustrating to deal with these multiple missions , with such limited resources . In a recent summary released online , the Coast Guard 's budget is expected to be about $ 6.7 billion for the 2015 fiscal year -- a fraction of what other military branches receive . "  We try to do the best we can to be creative , to be nimble and to try to be one step ahead of these smugglers . But it 's a challenge , because they 're thinking the same way . They 're running a for-profit , multimillion-dollar business , so they have a lot of incentive to get their product to market , whether it 's drugs or people . " ` This is what we do ' Ronald Garcia , 33 , is on the crew of the Norvell . The 13-year Coast Guard veteran is also the son of Cuban immigrants , who came to the United States in 1979 . "  They did everything they could to come and have children in the United States , and provide better opportunities for us . I 'm able to live the American dream . " Garcia is one of two Cuban-Americans on the cutter . They both admit , at times , it 's hard to separate their jobs from their personal connections to the plight of the migrants they find . "  It 's a very difficult thing to deal with . Personally , it 's just difficult for me to see the situation they 're in , " said Garcia . It 's a reality that 's not lost on his fellow crew members , including the commanding officer , Fistick . "  We empathize with them and it 's tough on the human spirit to do it . But , we 're in the military . We follow orders . This is what we do . "	Florida Straits are 90-mile-long stretch of open water between the Florida Keys , Cuba It 's where many use makeshift rafts and boats in an attempt to reach America This year , Coast Guard has seen the highest number of migrants in five years
CNN  -- The brutal murders of the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three American diplomatic staffers in Benghazi underscore the profound fragility of U.S. relations in the region . It is hard to recall a time when crises such as this and in the Middle East afflicted so many American interests simultaneously , nor one in which U.S. policies were so deeply at risk . The tragic events in eastern Libya themselves represent the culmination of events that began and unfolded well outside the mainstream of Libyan life or the U.S. relationship with that country . An obscure filmmaker in Los Angeles produced a slapdash video that was seized upon by an extremist group of Americans who have in the past distinguished themselves for the toxic cocktail of hate and stupidity that drives their actions . Via the special contagion of the Internet , their vileness , which once would have been as hidden from view as it deserved to be , triggered protests at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya , and at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo . Opinion : What terrorists want us to believe about Libya U.S. sources told CNN on Wednesday that the Benghazi attack was planned in advance , and the attackers used the film protest outside the consulate as a diversion . The sources could not say whether the attackers instigated the protest or merely took advantage of it , and they say they do n't believe ambassador Chris Stevens was specifically targeted . But targeted or not , the victims were American diplomats who had willingly undertaken the risky mission of trying to assist the advent of democracy in that faraway place . This violence underscores that deep hatreds lie just beneath the surface across the region , even in countries where relations with the United States have had important positive dimensions , either recently or over an extended period . The problems run deep for the region and U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration . First , the riots and violence illustrate that the broader political circumstances in the countries of the Arab Spring remain unresolved and potentially vulnerable to serious disruption from even small opposition groups . The Morsi government , slow to condemn the Egypt attacks Tuesday , has itself been unsettled by violence across the country in the past couple of months . Second , however , these are hardly the only tensions bubbling over in the greater Middle East and South Asia . The situation in Syria not only is worsening daily but is spilling over as refugees seek haven in Jordan and Turkey . The Iraqi government , increasingly undependable as a friend of the United States , has allowed Iranian aid flights to Damascus despite U.S. protests . Afghan allies are turning on U.S. troops with alarming regularity . The State Department just underscored the increasing threat from Pakistani extremist groups by finally citing the Taliban-affiliated Haqqani network as a terrorist group . But perhaps the fault line of greatest concern to the Obama team , even as the bad news was filtering out of Benghazi , is the standoff with Iran regarding its nuclear program and the deterioration in the relationship between the United States and Israel , historically our closest ally in the region . Libya , West react to killings , film controversy The U.S.-Israeli relationship reached a new low on Tuesday with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu angrily reacting to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's assertion that Washington would not specify "  red lines " regarding Iran 's nuclear program ; and then the Israelis leaking word that Obama refused to meet with him during the upcoming U.N. General Assembly meetings in New York . This resulted in a late-night call between Obama and Netanyahu that was ostensibly intended to show the allies were communicating and acting in tandem . But the White House denied the Israelis had even requested a meeting with Obama in New York , revealing the depth of the problem . When allies ca n't agree even on what they disagree about , the relationship is in trouble . Both sides are scrambling to do damage control -- and behind the scenes are fuming . Neither feels like the other is behaving like a friend . That 's because there are very real differences between the leadership groups in both countries , and this complicates a tough situation . Every sign of tension and every delay plays into Iran 's hands and enables it to advance further with nuclear weapons development . These deepening tensions keep the Obama team -- desperate to avoid an October surprise before November 's elections -- scrambling with high-level meetings and planning high-level trips to the region , and reveal similar risks for the campaign of Republican nominee Mitt Romney . Romney on Tuesday issued a prepared release condemning the Obama team 's handling of the Egypt and Libya violence . It was almost instantly overtaken by the news of the deaths in Benghazi , making the Romney critique seem ugly . It was ill-considered and ill-timed , and underscores that in presidential campaigns , no candidate gets to pick the stories that drive the headlines -- and that foreign policy often crops up to complicate matters and test a candidate 's real readiness . Romney , with his earlier comments on Russia and in Israel regarding Palestinians , reveal he needs more temperate counsel . Headline-grabbing and statesmanship seldom go together , as demonstrated in the past 24 hours by the war of words between Israel and the U.S. and in Romney 's misstep . In fragile times and when longer term interests are at stake , restraint goes a long way . The best work is often done quietly , behind the scenes . It is done by people like Ambassador Chris Stevens , his colleagues who also died and those that remain on the ground in Libya and across the region . They understood that they were taking on considerable risks , as did their government . They did so willingly , because they knew it was only through accepting those risks and making a long-term commitment to the region that progress could be achieved . That must be their legacy and it is a message that needs to be heard and understood by the American people before they overreact one way or another to each or any of the current crises . Indeed , it is in times like these we must emulate in our policies the best qualities of the lives they led .	David Rothkopf : The murders at U.S. Embassy in Libya show fragility of U.S.-Mideast relations He says events show Arab Spring is unresolved and is vulnerable to small groups Rothkopf : Crisis comes as Israeli-U.S. tensions , Syria and Iran problems rise Rothkopf : Ambassador Chris Stevens and colleagues quietly tried to improve the world
CNN  -- After a dust-up last week , Rihanna says she does n't want her performance of the song "  Run This Town " to air on "  Thursday Night Football " this week . CBS is saying "  fine " -- if you do n't want the airtime , we wo n't give it . "  Beginning this Thursday , we will be moving in a different direction with some elements of our ` Thursday Night Football ' open , " CBS said in a statement . "  Run This Town " will be replaced by theme music -- apparently for the rest of the season , not just for this week . The network 's decision was announced Tuesday morning , a few hours after Rihanna criticized the network on Twitter . "  CBS you pulled my song last week , now you wan na slide it back in this Thursday ? NO , " she wrote , followed by an expletive . "  Y' all are sad for penalizing me for this , " she added . After CBS weighed in , however , the company that owns the rights to the song , Roc Nation , said the change stemmed from its revocation of the rights . "  Due to the misuse and misrepresentation of Rihanna 's name and participation in connection to CBS ' TNF , CBS was not allowed to license and utilize the song ` Run This Town . ' Roc Nation made the decision to not grant the song 's usage , " the company said in a statement . Rihanna recorded a special version of "  Run This Town " for CBS ' fall telecasts of "  Thursday Night Football . " The song was supposed to be part of the opening video for the weekly show in much the same way that a Carrie Underwood performance kicks off NBC 's "  Sunday Night Football . " But CBS scrapped the opening video last week in light of its news coverage of the Ray Rice scandal that has engulfed the NFL . Holding off on the video gave CBS more time for somber discussion of domestic violence and the league 's treatment of it . Rihanna , who was a victim of domestic violence during a 2009 incident with then-boyfriend and fellow music star Chris Brown , indicated in her tweets that she felt the network was punishing her .	CBS pulled Rihanna 's song from "  Thursday Night Football " last week The singer tweeted an angry response The network will replace song with theme music
New York  CNN  -- New York City has agreed to pay $ 100,000 to a Brooklyn man whose beating by police officers was caught on surveillance video , the city law department said Tuesday . The incident occurred on October 8 , 2012 , after police received a call about a dispute at the ALIYA Institute in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn , police said . There , police came upon Ehud Halevy , 22 , who refused to leave the women 's portion of the center . The community center surveillance video , obtained by CNN from the website CrownHeights.info , showed two officers beating Halevy with punches after he allegedly resisted arrest . The police department 's Internal Affairs Bureau Investigated the incident but eventually cleared both officers of wrongdoing , according to Halevy 's lawyer , Norman Siegel . The settlement ends the lawsuit Halevy filed against the city in January 2013 . In addition to the $ 100,000 , the city will also pay Halevy 's attorney 's fees , which are still being negotiated , Siegel said . "  This civil rights action was brought in response to the violent acts of police abuse against Mr. Halevy and a violation of his civil rights , " Siegel told CNN . "  Hopefully , this horrific action by NYPD officers will never happen to anyone again . " The graphic video shows a bare-chested , bearded Halevy talking with two officers -- one of them a woman -- in what appears to be a game room containing a pool table and two couches . The video shows the officers approaching Halevy , who is on one of the couches , and talking to him . Moments later , he stands and talks with the officers , gesticulating with his arms but making no apparent threat toward either officer . The video has no sound . When the officers attempt to grab him by his arms , Halevy pulls free of their grasp . The male officer crouches into a boxing stance and hits the victim more than a dozen times , striking him in the face , the back of his head and his torso . Halevy falls back into a couch , where he raises his arms in an apparent attempt to deflect the blows , but at no point does it appear that he is seeking to strike either officer . Later in the video , the female officer can be seen striking Halevy repeatedly with a truncheon . More than three minutes into the video , about 10 more officers enter the room , where they cuff Halevy 's wrists behind his back and lead him out . According to a spokesman from the city law department , the "  settlement was in the best interest of all parties . "	Police beating of Ehud Halevy in Brooklyn was caught on video City agrees to pay beating victim $ 100,000 plus legal fees in settlement Video shows male officer hitting suspect dozens of times
CNN  -- Two Norwegian citizens were sentenced to death Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for espionage , murder and attempted murder , Norway 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs has confirmed to CNN . Joshua French and Tjostolv Moland have been sentenced to death and have five days to appeal . Asked about the sentence , Lambert Mende Omalanga , Congo 's minister of communications , told CNN , "  We do n't have a habit of commenting on judicial decisions . " However , Omalanga said , his country has not carried out the death penalty in 10 years . He said lawmakers in parliament are in the process of trying to take the law off the books . A military court in Kisangani found Tjostolv Moland , 28 , and Joshua French , 27 , guilty on all charges , Norwegian TV2 reported . The court also ordered the pair to pay $ 60 million in damages . The men have five days to appeal their sentence , the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs told CNN . It was not clear why the men were in Congo . "  I have earlier made absolutely clear that these two have not been conducting business for Norway in any shape or form , " Norwegian Minister of Foreign Affairs Jonas Gahr Store told Norwegian state television NRK after the verdict . "  We will now read through the sentence to see exactly how it is written , " Store added . Norwegian authorities have been following the trial closely on television , and have tried to keep a balance between respecting the judicial system of a different country and helping Norwegian citizens in trouble , Store told NRK . The two men were found guilty of spying for Norway and for killing a driver in May , according to NRK . In an earlier statement on the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Web site , the ministry said that if the two Norwegians were to receive the death penalty , Norwegian authorities would immediately try to seek assurances from Congolese authorities that the death sentence would not be carried out . "  Norway has a very strong stand on the death penalty , and we are very much against it , " a Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman told CNN . Images on NRK TV showed that after the sentence against the two men was read , applause broke out in the courtroom . CNN 's Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	Two Norwegian citizens sentenced to death in the Democratic Republic of Congo A Military Court found pair guilty of espionage , murder and attempted murder The men have five days to appeal their sentence
CNN  -- What do LeBron James and Bill Clinton have in common ? Both were mama 's boys . And contrary to popular belief , that 's not a bad thing . People tend to think of mama 's boys as coddled and carried and then , later on , too attached for their own good . Mama 's boys are often perceived as weak ; a close relationship between mother and son is viewed as suspect . And yet studies support the idea that boys who grow up having tight relationships with their mothers have a certain advantage . They become strong , independent leaders . Just look at the commander in chief . Barack Obama has gladly admitted : He was a mama 's boy . But there 's scientific proof that the close mother-son bond is healthy and beneficial . A 2010 study out of the University of Reading , an analysis of more than 69 studies featuring more than 6,000 children , found that kids , especially boys , who have secure attachments to their mothers tended to have fewer behavioral problems throughout their childhoods . Later on , they were expected to display fewer signs of aggression and hostility . They were , it stands to reason , more adaptable , more patient . A 2011 study published in the journal Child Development , meanwhile , found that the quality of the mother-son bond directly related to his sense of morality and his likelihood to have healthy romantic relationships , and that conflict was the biggest predictor of delinquency . And in 2012 's "  The Mama 's Boy Myth , " author Kate Lombardi used her relationship with her son as a base from which to explore mother-son closeness , ultimately arguing that despite the pressure many mothers feel to let their sons learn to cope largely on their own , keeping them in a closer relationship ultimately helps boys grow into well-adjusted men . Men who grew up having close relationships with their mothers , she writes , are less inclined to argue and more inclined to "  work it out . " They have an easier time in adult relationships . In my own work , I have encountered many close mother-son relationships , particularly while researching my first book , "  Raising Boys Without Men , " which looked at many single mothers raising boys on their own . These mothers were , perhaps not surprisingly , inclined to develop very close bonds with their sons . I followed these families for many years and came to understand that mothers , as a whole who refused to buy into the fear of being too close to their sons tended to raise boys who were more responsible , sensitive to the needs of others and more self-assured . They were more likely to have a healthy respect for women . I learned that mothers who allowed and encouraged boys to show their more emotional side helped their sons develop confidence and empathy . There is one place where a tight mother-son bond could come at a disadvantage : Once the mama 's boy marries . A 2013 study by researchers at the University of Wisconsin found that mothers worry far more when their sons marry than when their daughters marry , and that these worries can turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy , leading to the man feeling jealousy , anger or sadness that , in the worst-case scenario , can destabilize his marriage . Maybe no one 's surprised that mothers could feel threatened by their daughters-in-law , but it 's still no reason to avoid marrying a mama 's boy . A confident mama 's boy , after all , is often well-equipped to navigate tricky social territory . But what about mama 's girls ? No one seems to bat an eyelash at the concept of close mother-daughter relationships , at least not while the daughters are small . But , in fact , "  mama 's girls " may walk a fine line between close and too close . A study published in the July issue of Social and Behavioral Sciences found that relationships between mothers and daughters that could be described as "  connected " helped foster better self-esteem than those relationships that could be described as something closer to "  interdependent . " That is , sharing and caring works ; smothering does not . A study out of the University of Georgia , for instance , also concluded that too-close relationships -- those in which mothers were hyper-involved and overly critical -- could result in women with poor social skills and disordered attitudes about eating . We do know that the mother-daughter relationship tends to work best when the roles remain , for the most part , traditional . Indeed , mothers of both sons and daughters should worry less about getting caught up in "  perception " and what other people think , especially at Mother 's Day . If you suspect your son is a mama 's boy , be thankful . Chances are , he will be , too .	Peggy Drexler : People stigmatize "  mama 's boys , " thinking they 're weak In fact , studies show close relationship to mother can yield many benefits , she says Drexler : Mama 's boys are less aggressive , more adaptable and patient She says one downside is that a close mother-son bond could disrupt the son 's marriage
Washington  CNN  -- Apparently , Chris Christie did n't get the memo . "  Wednesday night is the restart of this campaign , and I think you 're going to see those numbers start to move right back in the other direction , " the Republican New Jersey governor said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Christie raises the bar for debate Note to Gov. Christie : No , no , no , no , no . Standard operating procedure for pre-debate chatter is to lower expectations for your guy by raising expectations for the other guy . The way Mitt Romney 's running mate , Paul Ryan , did on Fox : "  President Obama is a very -- he 's a very gifted speaker . ... The man 's been on the national stage for many years , he 's an experienced debater . " And because this is a bipartisanly accepted strategy , Obama 's guy David Plouffe did it too : "  We have expected all along that Gov. Romney will have a good night . He has prepared more than any candidate in history . And he has shown himself to be a very , very good debater through the years . " Obama campaign : Do n't expect zingers Further , governor , since you are supporting the candidate who is running behind  You are supporting him , right ?  , then you also need to lower the stakes for Wednesday 's first of three presidential debates . As John McCain told me : "  Frankly , I ca n't remember the last time there was one of these comments that grabbed everybody 's attention because , frankly , the candidates are too well-prepared . They 're well-scripted . " What does Romney need to do to change the race ? And as Ryan did  obviously he got the memo  : "  I do n't think one event is going to make or break this campaign . " But definitely , Gov. Christie , definitely not the way you did : "  And I 'm telling you , Thursday morning , you 're all going to be scratching your heads and saying , ` Wow , we have a barn-burner now for the next 33 days . ' " What questions would you like to ask the candidates ? Share a short video question . Because the thing is , when you say that , Plouffe says stuff like this : "  They expect to come out of this with the race fundamentally changed . Now , what does that mean ? If it 's going to fundamentally change , that means in seven or 10 days from now you 'll see states like Ohio tied , the state of Iowa tied , because that 's what really matters here . " You know what they say , governor -- there 's no heavier burden than great expectations . On the other hand , you may be onto something : Actually believing  you do , right ?  and saying out loud  which you did  that you think your guy will do great . Talk to you Thursday morning ? -- CC	Both sides have played low-expectations game about Wednesday 's debate New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie defies GOP , predicts debate will be game-changer for Romney Christie 's prediction sets high expectations for Romney , who is running behind
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq has appointed its first ambassador to Kuwait in two decades , the Iraqi Foreign Ministry said Tuesday . Mohammed Hussein Bahr Al-Ulum was appointed to the post , the ministry said . While Iraq has had an embassy and a chargé d'affaires in Kuwait since the regime of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein fell in 2003 , it has not had an ambassador there since Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990 . That invasion resulted in the United States ' launching Operation Desert Storm , its first Iraq war , in 1991 . Kuwaiti 's Kuna state news agency also reported the appointment , saying , "  Iraqi-Kuwaiti relations have been developing since the fall of the Baath regime , with both nations expressing desires to develop bilateral relations . " In February 2009 , a Kuwaiti envoy made his country 's highest-level visit to Iraq since the invasion . Sheikh Mohammed Sabah al-Salem al-Sabah , Kuwait 's deputy prime minister and foreign minister , said at the time that Kuwait wanted to strengthen and develop ties between the two nations , and congratulated Iraq on its recent provincial elections . "  This is Iraq which we have wagered on and we congratulate the Iraqis for this , " al-Sabah said , according to Kuwait 's official news agency . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who met with the delegation during the trip last year , said in a statement he told the Kuwaitis that the Hussein regime "  harmed Arab relations . " "  Some Arabs still view Iraq the same way they did under Saddam , but we tell them Iraq today is built on a constitution and on democracy , " al-Maliki said at the time .	Iraq has not had ambassador to Kuwait since Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990 That incursion led U.S. to launch Operation Desert Storm , its first Iraq war New ambassador is Mohammed Hussein Bahr Al-Ulum , Iraq says
CNN  -- Sixteen Emmy Awards . That 's how many trophies the cast and crew of "  Breaking Bad " have hauled home after five seasons of groundbreaking TV , with six of those honors being earned at Monday 's 66th Primetime Emmy Awards . The three-hour ceremony , hosted by "  Late Night 's " Seth Meyers , nearly doubled as one long standing ovation for the AMC series , which ended its run in September 2013 . Emmy Awards : ` Breaking Bad ' goes out on top But as creator Vince Gilligan and stars Bryan Cranston , Anna Gunn and Aaron Paul laid "  Breaking Bad " to rest with gleaming Emmys in their hands , elsewhere in the world the series is just getting started . In September , Latin America will get its own , Spanish-language version of "  Breaking Bad " called "  Metastasis . " The premise is the same -- a science teacher decides to cash in on his specialized knowledge by entering the drug trade , to devastating consequences -- but the setting is Bogota , Colombia . Instead of watching the evolution of a man named Walter White  played by Cranston in "  Breaking Bad "  , potential fans will follow Walter Blanco , as played by Colombian actor Diego Trujillo . Walter Blanco has wife a named Cielo -- the Colombian equivalent of Anna Gunn 's Skyler -- and a partner-in-crime named Jose Miguel Rosas , the equivalent of Aaron Paul 's Jesse Pinkman . The series debuted in the States on the Spanish language network UniMas in June , and has also made its way to Mexico . But "  in Colombia , not many people know about ` Breaking Bad , ' " Trujillo explained in an interview from Bogota . "  There 's not a great cable culture here , people watch open television on the basic channels that we have . ` Metastasis ' is going to be a great surprise . " While adapting shows to another language is commonplace -- Trujillo previously worked on Latin American versions of "  Grey 's Anatomy " and "  Desperate Housewives , " and the U.S. turned Colombian series "  Betty La Fea " into "  Ugly Betty " -- producing "  Metastasis " was no easy task . The cast had to film the entirety of "  Breaking Bad " nearly shot for shot in just six months , and they did n't know how the story was going to end because the final season of "  Breaking Bad " was still in development at the time . Despite those challenges , the story does n't get lost in translation . Well-crafted symbolism , such as the noteworthy pink teddy bear that falls from a plane , appears in "  Metastasis , " as do other scenes well-known to "  Breaking Bad " viewers . "  The themes that it touches are very universal , " Urbina said . "  To me , the show is a moral question about how far you would go while exploring the complex character like that of Walter . " One of Walter 's scenes that strikes a chord with Trujillo takes place near the end of the series , when the "  Metastasis " protagonist comes back to see his wife Cielo and say goodbye to her and their baby girl . "  That 's Walter and that 's what all the characters are , " Trujillo said . "  Every scene is full of contradiction , it 's full of humanity . " While both Trujillo and Urbina were certainly influenced by Cranston and Paul 's portrayals of Walter White and Jesse Pinkman , they made an effort to break away from the original and make the characters , and the show , their own . "  When you start working with a different language , with a different director , a different cast , and our own traditions , at the end you really do your own version , " Trujillo said . "  Characters come alive by themselves . You forget very soon what you saw , and the reference you have of the other actor . " When Urbina first began filming , he was too attached to Paul 's portrayal of Jesse , with the memory of "  Breaking Bad " scenes ingrained in his mind . Yet by making a conscious effort to start from scratch , he said he reimagined his Jose Miguel Rosas . "  I think the biggest difference between Jesse and Jose is they are both very insecure people , but I think Jesse 's character shows that through aggression and violence , while Jose , I tried to make him a little more vulnerable , " Urbina said . "  I think you are able to relate more to him and feel what he is feeling . He 's not a character afraid of showing his sadness , his emotion . " There are other factors that distinguish "  Metastasis " from "  Breaking Bad . " The setting of Bogota moves the story into the urban environment of a big city , as opposed to Albuquerque 's suburban landscape . The city also lacks deserts , or the border and immigration issues prevalent in Albuquerque . With its high elevation , Bogota is cold year-round , so the pool in Walter 's backyard is replaced by a fountain , which Cielo falls into as she 's having a dream . The RV where Walter and Jesse make their great escape in the "  Breaking Bad " pilot is also replaced by a rickety school bus turned into a lab for "  Metastasis . " Although they 're sharing similar material , there 's no competition for the actors . Quite the opposite , actually : Urbina and Trujillo were both rooting for "  Breaking Bad " to win at the Emmys on Monday . "  Cranston 's performance is absolutely wonderful . He deserves all the awards , as well as the rest of  the cast  , " Trujillo said . "  I think they are just great actors , and they did a great , great job . " So far , Urbina and Trujillo have n't been doing too badly with the roles themselves . The actors said Vince Gilligan admires "  Metastasis , " and they 've received positive feedback from fans near and far . "  I have gotten an amazing response from people all over , people in Mexico and the States , " Urbina said . "  There was this one guy in Mexico that wrote to me , and it was very touching because he identified with the character . He went down on drugs and he lost his girlfriend and he was reaching out , not for help , but to connect and to grieve . So I think it has touched people in a very powerful way . " There is only more to come , as the much anticipated season finale airs on UniMas in mid-September , and "  Metastasis " comes to Latin American audiences with Fox Live on September 1 . "  The story is really well-adapted to our conditions here , " Trujillo said . "  People are going to believe it , believe the people . It 's an amazing story , and I 'm sure it 's going to be really well received . " Primetime Emmy Awards 2014 : The winners list	The Emmy-winning "  Breaking Bad " has a Spanish-language adaptation The series debuts in Latin America in September It 's already bowed in the States and in Mexico to positive response
CNN  -- A 44-year-old New Orleans man died in front of his two sons Wednesday after he responded to a woman 's screams and was shot by an apparent carjacker , according to police and family members . Harry "  Mike " Ainsworth was with his two sons , ages 9 and 10 , as the boys were waiting for a morning school bus , Ainsworth 's brother , Bill , told CNN affiliate WWL . The two boys saw their father try to help the female motorist in the Algiers Point neighborhood and , after their father was shot , the boys ran to him and sat with him until emergency responders showed up , Bill Ainsworth said . "  They were there with him when he passed , " Ainsworth said . "  It 's going to be hard on them . " "  Pray the cops find him before I do , " he said about the carjacker , in an interview with CNN affiliate WDSU . The series of events began when a carjacker approached a woman motorist sitting in her vehicle , knocked on the window and asked for the time , New Orleans police said . As the woman turned to check the time , the carjacker pulled out a handgun and told the woman to get out of the automobile , police said . Ainsworth then jumped on the hood of the vehicle , and the carjacker shot him , left the car and ran , police said . Police released a sketch of the suspect and were offering a $ 5,000 reward to anonymous tipsters who can help detectives find a black man , in his 20s , between 5-6 and 5-8 in height , and weighing 140 to 150 pounds , detectives said . The woman was unharmed , New Orleans police spokesman Frank Robertson said . "  When you have someone trying to come to the aid of someone who is in need and -- whenever something like this happens , it 's a real tragedy , " police Lt. Gary Marchese told WWL . Skip Gallagher , president of the Algiers Point Neighborhood Association , told WDSU that good Samaritans are n't unusual in the neighborhood . "  I think any other male that had heard that in the neighborhood would have done the same thing , " Gallagher said . "  They heard some woman screaming , they would have come running . I would have , and every male in this neighborhood would have done the same thing , and we see what happens . "  I 'm not sure it 's going to change my behavior . " A fund has been established to help the Ainsworth family .	NEW : Harry "  Mike " Ainsworth jumped on the hood of a car and was shot He was running to help a woman in New Orleans The good Samaritan 's two sons , ages 9 and 10 , sit with their father as he dies The woman is unharmed , and police search for the gunman , an apparent carjacker
New York  CNN  -- Pedro Hernandez was arraigned early Friday evening on a second-degree murder charge tied to the case of Etan Patz , the New York boy whose disappearance 33 years to the day spurred nationwide attention about missing children . The suspect appeared about 6:25 p.m. Friday via video feed from Manhattan 's Bellevue Hospital , where he is being held for evaluation and is on suicide watch , according to a law enforcement source . Judge Matthew Sciarrino presided over the proceedings from a New York courtroom , where people watched the arraignment . Sciarrino denied bail for Hernandez after defense attorney Harvey Fishbein said the suspect has a "  long psychiatric history " including schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and hallucinations . The lawyer asked that Hernandez undergo a full psychiatric evaluation , a request the judge granted . Dressed in an orange jumpsuit and sitting at a brown table , Hernandez did not speak and showed no evident emotion during the proceedings . The next major step in the legal process would be for a grand jury to hear prosecutors ' evidence against Hernandez for a potential indictment , after the defense waived its right to an expedited indictment on Friday . It is not clear when this might happen . Earlier Friday , Hernandez was sent to the hospital "  because he 's on medications , and we prefer to administer those in a hospital setting , " said police spokesman Paul Browne , who declined to elaborate on the medications . "  When Hernandez arrived at the hospital , he began making statements that he wanted to die , and a psychiatric evaluation was ordered , " added the law enforcement source . The former Manhattan stock clerk who lived in Etan 's neighborhood when the boy vanished was arrested the previous day by police following up on a tip . Neighbors say suspect in Patz killing lived a quiet life with his family Hernandez , who was 19 in 1979 , told police he lured Etan to a store with the promise of a soda , choked him and placed his body in the trash about a block and a half away , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . The boy was killed in the basement of a Manhattan building , according to the charging document filed late Friday afternoon by the Manhattan district attorney 's office . "  Detectives believe in the credibility of the statement , " Kelly said , although investigators had not uncovered any forensic evidence linking Hernandez to the boy 's disappearance . Kelly said it is unlikely that Etan 's remains would be found . Patz investigation a 33-year-long roller coaster ride "  He did the right thing , you know , to confess , " Hernandez 's brother-in-law Jose Lopez told CNN affiliate KYW . "  Get this thing over with for the people out there and the family over here . " But Lisa Cohen , whose 2009 book , "  After Etan , " is widely considered the definitive account of the case , said she 's not convinced that Hernandez killed the boy . "  No , I 'm not , but that 's not necessarily because he did n't do it , " she said . "  That 's just because this has just happened . I 'd never heard his name before . " Hernandez has no criminal record and is the father of a teenage girl , Kelly said . Etan , 6 , went missing on May 25 , 1979 , a block from his home in Manhattan . He was walking to school alone for the first time when he vanished . His disappearance helped spawn a national movement to raise awareness of missing children , including the then-novel approach of putting an image of the child 's face on thousands of milk cartons . Missing child case ` awakened America ' In the years after Etan 's disappearance , Hernandez told a family member and others that he had "  done a bad thing " and killed a child in New York , police said . While the motive remained unclear , Kelly described it as a crime of opportunity and said Hernandez was remorseful . "  The detectives thought it was a feeling of relief on his part , " he said . Other employees of the store were interviewed after Etan disappeared , but not Hernandez , police said . "  I ca n't tell you why , " Kelly said . The police investigation continues , as does the FBI 's , the agency said in a statement Thursday night . "  The FBI 's investigation into the disappearance of Etan Patz remains active and ongoing . We remain determined to solve this case , " FBI Assistant Director Janice K. Fedarcyk said in the statement . Thursday 's arrest came nearly a month after investigators searched the former basement workshop of carpenter Othniel Miller , who had given Etan a dollar the day before the boy 's disappearance for helping him around the shop . Etan had said before he disappeared that he planned to use the dollar to buy a soda . The search produced no apparent clues . "  Mr. Miller is relieved by these developments , as he was not involved in any way with Etan Patz 's disappearance , " said Miller 's attorney , Michael C. Farkas . "  At the same time , Mr. Miller is very pleased that those responsible for this heinous crime may be brought to justice , and the Patz family may finally have the closure they deserve . " A separate law enforcement source said Thursday that Hernandez 's claims were being treated with "  a healthy dose of skepticism . " The tipster whose information led to Hernandez 's arrest contacted authorities months ago after news coverage of their renewed search . That contact , at least in part , prompted investigators to question Hernandez . A spokeswoman for the Manhattan district attorney 's office , which reopened the case in 2010 , declined to comment on the recent development . Etan was officially declared dead in 2001 as part of a lawsuit filed by his family against Jose Antonio Ramos , a drifter and convicted child molester acquainted with Etan 's baby sitter . A judge found Ramos responsible for the boy 's death and ordered him to pay the family $ 2 million , money the Patz family has never received . Although Ramos was considered a key focus of the investigation for years , he has never been charged in the case . He is serving a 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania for molesting another boy and is set to be released this year . President Ronald Reagan named May 25 , the day Etan went missing , as National Missing Children 's Day . CNN 's Ross Levitt and Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	NEW : Pedro Hernandez is quiet and shows no apparent emotion during his arraignment NEW : His lawyer cites Hernandez 's "  long psychiatric history " Authorities believe Hernandez killed Etan Patz , a New York boy who went missing 33 years ago Investigators have not found forensic evidence linking him to the case , official says
New York  CNN  -- For the second time this summer , a New York City police officer has been stripped of his badge and gun after video surfaced showing what community leaders call a heavy-handed police response . The latest incident to highlight lingering tension with the nation 's largest police force occurred Sunday when a handful of officers attempted to disperse a group of vendors in order to reopen traffic after the conclusion of a Brooklyn street fair . In a video taken by an onlooker and posted to Facebook , words are exchanged and officers attempt to arrest a man . A woman intervenes and pushing and shoving ensues . Later , once officers have the young man on the ground , one officer punches him while another kicks him in the back . The scene grows tense , with witnesses taking video of the pushing and shoving and civilians tussling with officers . Five people were arrested on charges ranging from second-degree assault to resisting arrest to obstruction of government administration , police said . "  What we see here is people get assaulted , get hurt and the same thing goes without any sort of accountability , " Brooklyn resident Dennis Flores told CNN affiliate NY1 News . "  It keeps repeating itself . " On Wednesday , Police Commissioner William Bratton said the unidentified officer seen in the video kicking the man has been relieved of his badge and gun pending an internal affairs investigation . "  I was very concerned with a video that was taken and the actions of one of our officers who was scene kicking an individual , " Bratton told reporters . "  As best  as  I can tell -- looking at that video --  it  seemed unprovoked . That officer has been suspended ... We will treat those types of actions very seriously . " The tactics of the NYPD came under fire after the July 17 death of Eric Garner , 43 . He died after being placed in a chokehold by an officer during an arrest for selling loose cigarettes on Staten Island . The incident , which was captured on video , led to anti-police demonstrations . The New York Medical Examiner 's Officer last month ruled his death a homicide . During the encounter , Garner raised both hands in the air and told the officers not to touch him . Seconds later , a video shows an officer behind him grab the 350-pound man in a choke hold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach . "  I ca n't breathe ! I ca n't breathe ! " Garner said repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement . The cause of Garner 's death was "  compression of neck  chokehold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police , " said Julie Bolcer , a spokeswoman for the medical examiner 's office . Acute and chronic bronchial asthma , obesity and hypertensive cardiovascular disease were listed as contributing factors in a controversial death that sparked calls for a federal investigation . Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who is seen on the video choking Garner , was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun amid the investigation , the New York Police Department said . A second police officer was placed on desk duty . The chokehold is prohibited by the NYPD . Two EMTs and two paramedics were suspended without pay , according to Erika Hellstrom , vice president of development at Richmond University Medical Center . After Sunday 's confrontation between police and street vendors in Brooklyn 's Sunset Park section , officials wrote Bratton to demand a "  broader conversation " about relations with the community . "  We find the physical aggression that is depicted in witness videos disturbing , " City Council member Carlos Menchaca wrote in a letter with Rep. Nydia Velasquez of New York . "  In the last few months , we have seen far too many signs of a deeply strained relationship between the police and our Sunset Park neighborhood ... We are community of immigrants that has historically felt isolated from the police . We are a community that has feared the use of excessive force by the NYPD . " Earlier this month , Bratton announced that all NYPD officers will undergo a three-day retraining period on the proper use of force when engaging a suspect . The training will focus on how officers can avoid physical confrontations when talking to and restraining suspects , as well as how to safely take them into custody without bringing harm to either the individual or the officer . Officers will also undergo a leadership and cultural sensitivity workshop . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	New York police officer seen in video kicking a man in the back is suspended Incident highlights lingering tension between community and nation 's largest police force Five people were arrested Sunday after confrontation with police at street fair
CNN  -- Helena Costa spent an hour talking about her landmark job as France 's first ever professional female coach for a male team Thursday but her message was simple and succinct . "  Look at me as a normal coach , " said the 36-year-old as she was unveiled by second-tier side Clermont Foot . Costa is the first female to be given the head job in the top two divisions of one of Europe 's big five leagues -- Spain , Germany , England , Italy and France . More than 100 journalists -- as well as some of the club 's players -- assembled at the Clermont stadium to meet the Portuguese who is hoping her appointment will inspire other female coaches . "  I know it 's a big step , " said Costa , who left her role as coach of the Iranian national women 's team to accept the position with Clermont . "  I know because I had a career before in a man 's world mainly , so I know it 's an important day and it can open other doors , or not . "  I understand your surprise and the quantity of press and the impact but , we are in 2014 , it should be a normal thing . " Costa , a sports science graduate , has been rewarded following her work with the Iran and Qatar women 's national teams . She also led Benfica 's male youth team to two World Youth titles and spent time as a scout with Scottish club Celtic . Her reputation has even spawned the nickname "  Mourinho in a skirt " in her home country , a reference to Portugal 's most high-profile football manager , Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho . The football season has just finished in France and Clermont Foot finished 14th in Ligue 2 but Costa already has big plans for her first season in charge . "  I think that as in all leagues , if a club does n't have a huge budget that does n't mean that the players should not be ambitious and committed , " she said . "  Between the team we will define our objectives but winning is the common word that we are going to speak . I 'm here to win . "  I 'm a demanding person with myself and my team , but especially with myself . " Costa will find herself under extra external scrutiny too as the highest profile female coach of a male professional football team in Europe . The 36-year-old is also pushing boundaries in France where match official Nelly Viennot previously broke new ground as an assistant referee , also featuring in Champions League games . Sexist society French football writer Caroline Bauer told CNN World Sport that Costa 's appointment was something of a shock . "  French society is a little bit sexist in sport , really sexist , " she said . "  So it was a big surprise and a lot of people said it was a bad idea . "  At first in France everybody thought that Clermont just wanted to create a buzz with the appointment . "  But then Helena Costa came to France two weeks ago and she spoke a lot to the French media and she explained who she was . "  Now we understand that she has a real project with Clermont and she wants to prove she can be a real coach like men . " Costa will get her first chance to prove herself when the new French soccer season begins late summer .	Helena Costa is first female to be given top coaching job in top two tiers of Europe 's big five leagues "  Look at me as a normal coach , " says the new boss of French club Clermont Foot The 36-year-old hopes her appointment "  can open doors " for other female coaches The Portuguese coach is dubbed "  Mourinho in a skirt " in her home country
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- U.S. officials urged American citizens in Germany to keep a low profile and remain wary of their surroundings after the terrorist organization al Qaeda posted a video message threatening attacks in the country . German special police patrol in Berlin last month during a visit by Israeli Prime Minister Benajmin Netanyahu . A State Department travel alert , issued Wednesday , remains in effect until November 11 -- two weeks after Germany holds its federal elections on Sunday . Al Qaeda posted its video threat on the Internet on September 18 , vowing attacks if the elections do not come out the way it wants . The same day , the German government reacted to the video by raising its own alert level and heightening security . The British Foreign Office has also issued an advisory to its citizens living and traveling to Germany . The State Department travel alert asks Americans to keep abreast of news reports and consider the security procedures in place when they visit public places or pick hotels and restaurants . Germany 's interior ministry said earlier this month that the country has noted an increase in threats by al Qaeda and other Islamist groups since the beginning of the year . In the nearly 26-minute video statement , a man identified as Bekay Harrach , using the pseudonym Abu Talha and speaking in German , said that , if the September 27 elections vote into power parties that do not pledge to pull German troops from Afghanistan , there will be a "  rude awakening . " The speaker called on Muslims living in Germany to stay away from public life during the first two weeks after the elections , implying that any attacks would take place then . The speaker repeatedly criticized German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her support of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . He also criticized Merkel 's rivals , the Social Democrats , but offered the possibility of a "  peace offer . " "  If the German people vote for peace , then the Mujahedeen will choose peace with Germany as well , " he said . "  And with the withdrawal of the last German soldier from Afghanistan , the last Mujahed will also leave Germany . Al Qaeda gives you their word . "	Al Qaeda terror group posts video message threatening attacks in Germany U.S. officials urge their citizens in Germany to keep low profile and be wary Germany 's interior ministry report increase in threats by al Qaeda this year Message criticizes Chancellor Merkel over wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
Rand Paul v. Barack H. Obama . That 's the name of a lawsuit the Kentucky senator announced Wednesday against President Barack Obama and national security officials over government surveillance . "  We do n't do this out of disrespect to anyone we do this out of respect to the Constitution , " Paul said at a news conference . Paul 's class-action suit , filed in federal court in Washington , was spurred by Edward Snowden 's public disclosure last year that the NSA had gathered information on nearly every telephone call made in the United States since 2006 . At a news conference , Paul called the legal challenge "  an important first step " to ending the program that sweeps up numbers and other information known as metadata . With the suit , the son of Libertarian hero Ron Paul , who captured the hearts and minds of millions during his two presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2012 , is rounding out his political persona through his Libertarian roots and adding another spoonful of political savvy . Paul v Candidate X Paul v Obama in 2014 could be an effective way of helping Paul v the Democratic candidate in 2016 , if he runs for President . Read the suit It 's no secret that Paul is considering such a step , but nothing 's official yet . "  I keep looking at my schedule and I see New Hampshire , I see Iowa , I see South Carolina and I do n't understand why I keep going to these states . " Paul said Sunday about the three key nominating states on Dallas TV station KXAS 's program "  Lone Star Politics , " according to the Dallas Morning News . Paul has crossover appeal on issues of war and national security that might help him down the road . According to a January poll by Quinnipiac , 48 % of American support the phone surveillance program and 47 % oppose . Similarly , 48 % say it 's necessary to keep Americans safe and 46 % think it 's not necessary . Additional polls show the split does not cut along party lines . And Paul 's lawsuit is bursting with politics . Signed on to Paul 's lawsuit is anti-establishment political organization FreedomWorks . Representing them is Ken Cuccinelli , Virginia 's firebrand former attorney general , who lost his bid in November to be Virginia 's governor . Paul is also promoting the suit through his political action committee , RandPAC , and while he said the legal move could impact hundreds of millions of people , he is asking 10 million of them to sign on to the class-action suit through his website . Asking for email addresses of class-action participants could be an effective way to increase a list of campaign supporters . "  Senator Paul can tap into those that are angry at the NSA and use the large number of class action participants to fundraise for a potential 2016 presidential run , " Republican strategist Ron Bonjean said . In a CNN op-ed , Paul stayed away from politics and stuck to the policy prescription . "  It 's time to hold government officials accountable for their habitual trampling on the Constitution and on our rights as individuals , " he wrote . Opinion : Stop the NSA while we still can Crossover appeal While Paul 's criticism of the government 's surveillance programs has rankled both Democrats and Republicans who believe the program keeps Americans safe , he is also receiving bipartisan support . Jenny Beth Martin , co-founder of Tea Party Patriots , said Paul 's suit follows his principles of limited government . "  I think it first and foremost is practical and necessary that we define the role of the NSA in terms of the Fourth Amendment in terms of today 's modern technology , " Martin said , praising Paul . On the other end of the political spectrum , the American Civil Liberties Union said it generally agrees with Paul 's efforts to rein in the program . "  We agree with his view of the program and hope it will bring an end " to the surveillance program , Patrick Toomey , an ACLU staff attorney , said . The ACLU also filed its own lawsuit six months ago against the program and hosted a day of action on Tuesday that resulted in 266,000 calls and emails to members of Congress opposing the mass surveillance program created to boost U.S. counterterror abilities . Paul gained national attention during a 13-hour filibuster last year of John Brennan , the nominee to lead the CIA when he also received praise from both conservatives and liberals . And after he announced his suit Wednesday , Paul had lunch to discuss restoring voting rights to ex felons , an issue that Paul has also drawn attention to and also crosses political ideologies . Hurdles The efficacy of the suit is challenging , said legal analyst Alan Dershowitz . "  It 's a serious legal issue , " Dershowitz said on CNN 's "  Wolf , " adding that the issue will likely reach the Supreme Court but not via Paul 's suit because of it 's difficult to show that people were harmed by the surveillance . "  This is more of a political action than an action that has a chance of succeeding on its merits . "	Rand Paul filed a class action suit against President Obama over surveillance Paul has ambitions for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination He is asking for suit participants ' email addresses through his PAC
CNN  -- What may be the most famous religious relic of them all , the Turin Shroud , made a rare appearance on Easter Saturday -- on Italians ' TV screens . One of Benedict XVI 's last acts as pope , according to Vatican Radio , was to authorize the broadcast of video of the shroud from Turin Cathedral , where the mysterious Christian relic is kept , out of sight , in a bulletproof , climate-controlled glass case . According to Vatican Radio , only once before have images of the centuries-old linen cloth been broadcast . That was in 1973 , at the request of then-Pope Paul VI . Some Christians believe the shroud , which appears to bear the imprint of a man 's body , to be Jesus Christ 's burial cloth . The body appears to have wounds that match those the Bible describes as having been suffered by Jesus on the cross . Many scholars contest the shroud 's authenticity , saying it dates to the Middle Ages , when many purported biblical relics -- like splinters from Jesus ' cross -- surfaced across Europe . Even the Roman Catholic Church does not insist the shroud was used to wrap the body of Jesus . Its official position is that the shroud is an important tool for faith regardless of its authenticity . Archbishop of Turin Cesare Nosiglia will lead a service from the cathedral on Saturday afternoon during which the images of the shroud will be broadcast , according to Vatican Radio . A video message from Pope Francis was played as part of the broadcast . In it , he thanked God for the technological advances that have made it possible for the "  Man of the Shroud " to be seen by , and reach out to , so many people . "  This image , impressed upon the cloth , speaks to our heart , " he said . "  This disfigured face resembles all those faces of men and women marred by a life which does not respect their dignity , by war and violence which afflict the weakest ... And yet , at the same time , the face in the Shroud conveys a great peace ; this tortured body expresses a sovereign majesty . " To coincide with the television broadcast , a new Shroud 2.0 app was launched Friday . The app , released in several languages , allows users to scroll over a high-definition image of the shroud and find out more about its history and religious significance . Giulio Fanti , a professor of mechanical engineering at Padua University in Italy and co-author of the book "  The Mystery of the Shroud , " said the app will be "  very useful " to the scientific community . Until now , researchers have not had access to a digitalized picture of the shroud , he told CNN . Studies looking into the formation of the image have been based on macroscopic data . "  I hope the app will give us the chance of having microscopic data that will be very useful to confront different scientific research on the shroud , which , until now , is still a mystery , " he said . In 2010 : Pope prays before Shroud of Turin Disputed dating Carbon dating conducted in the 1980s suggested the shroud dates from the Middle Ages . But researchers at Padua University say their more recent tests show the cloth does indeed date back to between 280 B.C. and 220 A.D. -- which could place it within Christ 's lifetime Fanti 's book , written with religious journalist Saverio Gaeta and published last year , spells out those findings . "  We carried out three alternative dating tests on the shroud , two chemical and one mechanical , and they all gave the same result and they all traced back to the date of Jesus , with a possible margin of error of 250 years , " Fanti told CNN . For the mechanical test , they constructed a machine at Padua University to carry out traction and compression tests on tiny fibers from the linen fabric , measuring only 10 thousandths of a millimeter , he said . The test samples were found in dust from the shroud , he said . Nosiglia said , " ... since there is no degree of security on the belonging of the materials on which these experiments were carried out to the sheet Shroud , the Owners and Custodian declare that it can not recognize any serious value to the results of these alleged experiments . " Author and historian Stephen Mansfield uses the image of the Turin Shroud on the cover of his book , "  Killing Jesus , " which reveals new details around the crucifixion . In 2010 : Shroud of Turin on display for first time since 2002 restoration The new research into whether the linen cloth dates back to Jesus ' time is fascinating , he said . "  My understanding is that there 's not unshakeable evidence but it 's more difficult to dismiss the shroud now , " he told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  Some of the scientific evidence has proven that it is , as you say , older , that there are some inexplicable factors , in the stains and the composition of it . " He chose to put the shroud 's image on his book cover "  because it 's simply an icon of Jesus in this generation , " he said , whether its origins are proven or not . "  People say , ` that 's maybe the oldest picture of Jesus ' -- they do n't think of it being something that has to be scientifically confirmed , " he added . ` Truly mysterious image ' Benedict prayed before the shroud in 2010 , when it went on display for six weeks at Turin Cathedral , its first public showing since undergoing a major restoration in 2002 . Before that , it was last on display in 2000 . The shroud -- more than 14 feet long and 3 feet , 7 inches wide -- was restored to remove a patchwork repair done by 16th century nuns after the cloth was damaged in a fire . Thirteen years ago , when Benedict was still Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , he wrote that the shroud was "  a truly mysterious image , which no human artistry was capable of producing . " The shroud is not scheduled to go on public view again for more than a decade , so the TV broadcast represents a rare chance for the faithful to get a glimpse of the famous relic . Religious relics : Bulgarian bones could be John the Baptist 's as claimed , scientists say	NEW : Pope 's message says the "  Man in the Shroud " speaks to the heart of the faithful Video of the Turin Shroud is broadcast from the city 's cathedral on Saturday Some Christians believe it to be Jesus Christ 's burial cloth but many scientists disagree New tests show the shroud could date back to time of Jesus , says Padua University professor
CNN  -- A SkyWest Airlines pilot on the run after allegedly killing his former girlfriend last week attempted to steal one of his company 's commercial jetliners early Tuesday , but he killed himself before the plane became airborne , authorities said . Police in Colorado and Utah spent all day Tuesday trying to piece together the bizarre incident , which involved a stolen CRJ200 that struck the terminal and parked vehicles at St. George Municipal Airport in Utah . The fugitive was identified as Brian J. Hedglin , 40 . SkyWest Airlines said he was on administrative leave . Hedglin apparently used a rug or piece of carpet to scale a barbed wire fence to reach the plane , St. George police said . "  He is going to know exactly how to get into the plane , activate the redundant systems and take that plane off , " said Capt. James Van Fleet . Brazilian man steals plane , crashes into mall Hedglin and Christina Cornejo , 39 , who was found dead Friday of stab wounds in Colorado Springs , both served in the Colorado Army National Guard , officials said . Cornejo was found at Hedglin 's residence , but authorities do n't know whether she went there voluntarily or was abducted , Colorado Springs Police spokeswoman Barbara A. Miller told CNN . No passengers were on board the CRJ200 , and it was not in service at the time of Tuesday 's incident in Utah , the airline said . Hedglin , who joined SkyWest in 2005 , was found dead in the plane 's aisle from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , Van Fleet told reporters . A security officer checking the airport 's perimeter shortly before 1 a.m. first saw a motorcycle , its engine still warm . The officer went back to the terminal to check on its registration , police said . The officer saw the aircraft in the parking lot of the airport terminal , its engines still running , said Van Fleet . Several automobiles were damaged . The plane at some point clipped the terminal building and breached a fence , according to CNN Salt Lake City affiliate KSL . St. George city spokesman Marc Mortensen said the pilot reversed the aircraft off the jet bridge before pushing it forward . The left wing clipped the bridge and the plane turned left , scraping the terminal building en route to the parking lot . The aircraft leaked some fuel . Asked why the pilot may have driven to St. George , Van Fleet replied , "  The person who has those answers , unfortunately , is dead . " Van Fleet said , "  I do n't think we 're any more vulnerable than any other airport , " but officials said they would review security . Cornejo was found dead after a call from a family member , Colorado Springs police said . The pair were not dating at the time of Cornejo 's death , Colorado Springs police said . Hedglin was immediately identified as a suspect . "  Detectives went so far as to contact SkyWest and have them deactivate Mr. Hedglin 's access cards in the event he showed up there , " police said . Police also believed Hedglin might try to hide in mountains , according to Miller . Airline spokeswoman Betsy Talton said law enforcement officials will look into how Hedglin might have gained access to the airplane . SkyWest provided few details on exactly what occurred . "  The aircraft did sustain damage ; the extent of the damage is currently being inspected by our maintenance and safety professionals , " the airline said . "  SkyWest is assisting authorities in the investigation . " SkyWest said passengers were being accommodated on other flights and through ground transportation . The FBI office in Salt Lake City said agents were at the airport and gathering facts with other agencies . "  It is important to note there is no ongoing public safety issue , and the scene is under the control of law enforcement , " Agent Debbie D. Bertram said . Spokesman David Castelveter of the Transportation Safety Administration said the agency was reviewing "  perimeter compliance " at the airport . According to Jane 's All the World 's Aircraft , the CRJ200 typically seats 50 passengers . Plane-stealing ` Barefoot Bandit ' sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison CNN 's Shawn Nottingham , Alta Spells , Phil Gast , Calandra Corder and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Airplane struck terminal and vehicles Suspect was being sought in Colorado Springs death , police say Airline says employee was on administrative leave at time of incident Commercial plane did not get airborne , official says
CNN  -- Stumped on a tough decision ? New Web sites are there to help . Hunch , a site open to the public Monday , asks questions and helps people make decisions . Hunch , a site that launches for the public Monday , will consider your quandary by getting to know you , asking you a series of questions and then spitting out three decisions . Another site , Let Simon Decide , makes a similar attempt . Caterina Fake , co-founder of the photo-sharing community Flickr , says she created Hunch not because people need help with emotional decisions but because it 's too tough to find smart information online . You often have to replicate someone else 's research , which is a waste , she said . Tech bloggers seem to be pleased with the effort . "  For the most part , I was impressed , though it quickly became clear that Hunch is n't capable of magically making up your mind for you , " wrote Jason Kincaid , a reporter at TechCrunch , a technology blog . He called the site "  very clean and unintimidating . " Fake spoke with CNN about decision making , her nerdy past and the power of collective knowledge . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : Where did you get the idea for Hunch ? Fake : It 's a user-generated content site similar to Flickr , but the unit is not a photograph but a decision . And so it 's sort of a similar thing in that way . We kind of built the system so people can contribute to it . They can ask questions on there and suggest questions . And then you sort of codify it into a decision tree . CNN : So you 're answering questions about yourself ? Fake : Well , there are two components . So you answer questions about yourself , and there 's a little module that says things like , "  Alien abductions : real or fake ? " And what -LSB- Hunch -RSB- does is , it then puts together a profile of you , a taste profile . And then you can go into the system and ask it any question that 's in the system . So it 's things like , "  What HD-TV should I buy ? " or "  Where should I go to college ? " or , you know , "  Where should I eat in San Diego on a Saturday night ? " It could be just about anything . Once it kind of gets to know you , you can ask it questions , and then it gives an answer to you that it does n't give to anyone else . CNN : What are the downsides ? Fake : It depends on what the decision is . There is kind of an array of decisions that are too taste-oriented . Like , no matter how well we know you , we 're not going to know that your backyard is like 25 feet by 10 feet , versus 10 feet by 10 feet -LSB- for a person looking to buy a backyard grill -RSB- . You know what I 'm saying ? There 's no system that can get to know that . So what we try to do is narrow it down . So we ask you questions about your aesthetics or your beliefs or your politics or your demographic . CNN : What kind of decision-maker are you ? Fake : It 's really funny , because I think there 's a mistake that 's generally made with people asking about Hunch , and it 's that it 's solving people 's emotional problems . And it 's not . It 's solving people 's informational problems . I do n't have any problems making any decisions . I 've never had any problem making decisions , but when I go to Google and I 'm looking for information , say , about trademarks . I have to do all this research , and somebody has already done this research . CNN : So you see Hunch as a kind of search engine , almost ? Fake : No , it 's not a search engine . The feel of it is nothing like a search engine . It 's something new . CNN : How do you think collective knowledge online will change the way people live , or the way we interact with each other ? Fake : It 's like it 's an amazing period in the history of the Internet just in that way . ... We know more in the collective than we do in the individual . It becomes even more amazing when you extend that out to people outside your social network . Like , I do n't know anyone that has taken a yoga class in Romania . But I 'm sure that if I ended up in Romania , and I wanted to sign up for a yoga class that somebody in the world would know three places to recommend me . The information is out there in a sort of disorganized fashion . ... These systems that are kind of growing up now -- and Hunch hopefully is among them -- are able to take this sort of collective knowledge and make it easy for people to use and easy for people to access . CNN : Is there anything in your background that influences your belief in this collective knowledge idea ? Fake : I was a nerdy little girl . I played Dungeons and Dragons , and I had a little TRS-80 computer . It was really early on , I think it was , gosh , like 1994 when I first saw the Web , right ? So I went online , and I saw these people uploading pictures of , like , their cats . And I remember there was a video cam of ... the famous coffee pot at the IBM research center that uploaded every 5 minutes to show that the coffee pot was full or empty or whatever . And so the Internet struck me as this incredible thing where anybody -- like anybody -- could publish anything , and then anybody anywhere else in the world could read it . And I never got over that . There was kind of this wonder , this sense of wonder that I had about this incredible culture of generosity on the Web -- of all these people sharing stuff with each other . I 've always been so amazed by that . I love that . Like , I love that aspect of the Internet . That 's the thing that always seemed like it was magic to me . CNN : What are some cool Web sites that are flying under the radar right now ? Fake : Have you heard of Etsy ? CNN : Yeah , is that where people buy and sell art ? Fake : Yeah , it 's great . I think it 's gon na be like the next eBay . And I met those guys when they were really small . I 've been helping those guys since it was three kids in a dorm room . I love those guys . It 's one of my favorite companies . It has that same kind of ethic -LSB- as Hunch -RSB- : the power of the individual . There are like these housewives in the Midwest who had no idea they could make a living making Christmas ornaments or whatever . It 's just kind of an amazing thing that can only happen on the Internet .	CNN talks with Caterina Fake , founder of a Web site that makes decisions Hunch.com asks you questions and then suggests answers Fake says Hunch works best for informational problems , not emotional dilemmas Fake 's philosophy : "  We know more in the collective than we do in the individual "
CNN  -- Juventus retained their unbeaten record and went back to the top of Italy 's Serie A table with a 2-0 victory over 10-man Cesena on Sunday . Cesena were 17 minutes from claiming a hard-earned point until Claudio Marchisio and Arturo Vidal played a neat one-two before Marchioso fired home from the edge of the area . The visitors ' fate was sealed in controversial circumstances seven minutes from time with goalkeeper Francesco Antonioli was sent off for an innocuous-looking coming together with Emanuele Giacherini . Poland and Ukraine primed for Euro 2012 kick-off With Cesena having made all their substitutions , defender Giullermo Rodriguez had to go in goal and his first job was to pick Vidal 's penalty out of the net . The result leaves Juventus two point clear of AC Milan and Udinese , who both won earlier in the weekend , with 13 matches played . Lazio are a further five points behind in fourth place , although they can close the gap against Novara on Monday . In other matches , Roma finished with a remarkable eight men as they crashed to a 3-0 humiliation at Fiorentina . Juan was the first to be dismissed , after giving away a spot-kick from which Stevan Jovetic scored . Alessandro Gamberini 's header made it 2-0 before Roma had Fernando Gago sent off for a second booking . To complete Roma 's misery , they had Bojan Krkic dismissed late on for handball on the line and Santiago Silva netted Fiorentina 's second penalty . Meanwhile , Victor Ibarbo scored a stunning individual goal to give Cagliari a 1-0 victory over Catania for their first win in eight games . In other news , Lecce confirmed on Sunday that they had sacked coach Eusebio Di Francesco and replaced him with Serse Cosmi . Lecce , who are bottom of the table with just eight points from 13 matches , made the decision after Saturday 's 4-2 defeat at Napoli . Di Francesco becomes the eighth coaching casualty of the Italian Serie A season . Meanwhile , in Spain 's La Liga , on-loan Arsenal striker Carlos Vela hit a spectacular late goal as Real Sociedad scored twice in the last two minutes to snatch a 3-2 home win over Malaga . Vela 's overhead kick made it 2-2 before Uruguayan John Ifran grabbed a last-gasp winner to lift Sociedad up to 13th place . In other matches , Falcao hit his eighth goal of the season to help Atletico Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 3-1 , a result that moves them up to eighth in the table . And a goal on half-time from on-loan Nigerian Odion Ighalo gave Granada a 1-0 success over Real Zaragoza , who are now bottom of the table on 10 points after the defeat .	Juventus are back on top of the Serie A table after defeating 10-men Cesena 2-0 Cesena have goalkeeper Francesco Antonioli sent off in controversial fashion Bottom club sack coach Eusebio Di Francesco and replace him with Serse Cosmi
CNN  -- As a young woman growing up just miles from O'Hare Airport outside of Chicago , Lorraine Rodgers was fascinated with aviation . It was the early 1940s , and Amelia Earhart had become the first woman to fly solo , nonstop across the Atlantic Ocean a decade earlier . Charles Lindbergh had done it a few years before that . "  I read every word I could about them and what they did , " said Rodgers , now 93 . "  I wanted to fly . " Rodgers got a job so she could pay for flying lessons every Saturday . In the fall of 1942 , she read in the paper about an experimental program to train female pilots for domestic duty and free up men to fight overseas . The 21-year-old Rodgers was quick to sign up and stood on her tiptoes in order to meet the height requirements . She trained from sunup to sundown , seven days a week at Avenger Field in Sweetwater , Texas , to become part of the Women Airforce Service Pilots program -- "  WASP " for short . She later moved to what would become her permanent base , Love Field outside Dallas , ferrying military planes all across the country for two years . "  We would go to the plants or factories or the bases and pick up certain planes and deliver them where they were supposed to go , " she said . It was often dirty work . "  We were oily and covered with sand from flying over the desert . Far from glamorous . " On New Year 's Day , these pioneering pilots will be celebrated with a float in the 125th Tournament of Roses parade in Pasadena , California , part of an effort to bring attention to an often overlooked part of American history . Women pilots honored 65 years after World War II service First lady Eleanor Roosevelt was an early supporter of the program , writing in a September 1942 newspaper column : "  This is not a time when women should be patient . We are in a war and we need to fight it with all our ability and every weapon possible . Women pilots , in this particular case , are a weapon waiting to be used . " By 1943 , 25,000 women had applied to join the WASP program . "  These ranged from farm wives in Iowa to dancers in New York to schoolgirls in California , " said Kate Landdeck , a history professor at Texas Woman 's University who has been studying the program for 20 years . "  All across the country , women applied to this program . All ages . " ` Everything the men did , we gradually took over ' Fewer than 2,000 were chosen for training and just over 1,100 served . Between 1942 and 1944 , they flew more than 60 million miles in every military aircraft in the arsenal -- bombers , transports and trainer aircraft . In addition to ferrying planes , they flew weather flights , chauffeured top military brass around the country , test-flew planes and even towed targets so male pilots could practice shooting them . "  Everything the men did , we gradually took over , " Rodgers said . And the men took notice . "  When we were out ferrying planes , the men would come and see it was a girl and smile and wave , but then they would start doing circles around us . " It was a dangerous job . Rodgers once had to bail out of her plane when it went into a tailspin over Texas . Afterward , she would n't let go of her parachute 's ripcord for hours . Thirty-eight female pilots were killed while serving their country . The program was disbanded with little fanfare in December 1944 , months after a bill to give the women military status failed in Congress . "  As the bill was working its way through Congress and being much debated through Congress , at the same time , you have the armed forces marching through Europe towards Germany , " Landdeck explained . "  And at the same time , you have a group of male pilots who are very actively opposing the women becoming part of the military because they want to do the WASP jobs rather than being shipped overseas -- particularly to Japan , which is where they were going to be most needed . " The very vocal opposition to the plan to officially militarize the WASP program , combined with the success of the war in Europe , meant the legislation had no chance . "  The combination of the two was just enough to kill this fairly radical idea of bringing women into the military as pilots , " Landdeck said . ` We could n't believe it . This was our life ' Rodgers and many others were devastated . "  When we got the word ` You are out of here December 20th , ' we could n't believe it . This was our life , " she said . "  They supplied planes with male pilots to fly us all home , and that was it . " Not a day goes by that Rodgers does n't think about her time in the air , singing to herself in the cockpit high above the clouds . "  I enjoyed every minute , " she said . "  There was nothing like it . " It was n't until 1977 that President Jimmy Carter signed legislation -- passed with the help of Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater -- awarding the WASP military status and making participants eligible for veterans ' benefits . In 2010 , the surviving WASP members were awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in a ceremony at the Capitol . Inspired in part by a 2010 float honoring the Tuskegee Airmen , a group of WASP participants and supporters raised nearly $ 200,000 to build the Rose Parade float to highlight the wartime contributions of these trailblazing women . The Wingtip-to-Wingtip Association , an organization formed to honor the WASP , helped spearhead the effort . Landdeck is part of the group . "  These women are being saluted , and I just think it 's a great tribute , " said Tim Estes , president of Fiesta Parade Floats , the award-winning company that built the float . "  I think it 's an important story to tell . " The 20-ton float took more than 2,000 hours to construct and more than twice that time to decorate . Work was set to continue up until Tuesday , attaching pounds of onion , poppy and lettuce seeds , crushed sweet rice and about 35,000 roses . There are fewer than 200 WASP participants still living , and the youngest is 89 , Landdeck said . On parade day , eight of them from across the country will ride the float , and 20 other female pilots from airlines and the military will walk alongside it . "  We want the WASP to know that the work that they did during the war -- and the work they 've done since in representing women who served as pilots -- that legacy lives on , " she said . "  Their journey may be ending , but their story is n't finished . "	About 1,100 women served in the Women Airforce Service Pilots program in World War II Female pilots ferried military planes around the country to allow men to fight overseas A bill that would have made the program part of the military failed in Congress in 1944 Members of the program were awarded Congressional Gold Medal in 2010
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's decision to seek congressional authorization of a military attack against the Syrian government is in part his way of trying to fix a legal problem . The president 's decision to launch military strikes that would be "  limited in duration and scope " is illegal under international law , legal experts say . The United Nations charter generally does n't allow nations to attack other nations unless the attack is in self-defense or has the approval of the U.N. Security Council , neither of which is the case in Syria . That 's a problem for a president , who has tried to distinguish his administration from that of President George W. Bush on the idea that he is bringing the United States back into compliance with international law . CNN has learned that the Justice Departments ' Office of Legal Counsel provided the president with a preliminary legal opinion on carrying out the Syrian attack . OLC lawyers are the ones who advise the president on whether he is acting lawfully under federal statutes and the Constitution . The opinion was provided verbally to the White House and is expected to be followed with a formal written opinion in coming weeks . The exact legal reasoning in the opinion could not be learned but sources familiar with the matter said the president 's legal team believes he is acting lawfully . Is it ` High Noon ' for Obama on Syria ? To help bolster the president 's legal case , the Obama administration over the weekend asked Congress to authorize the use of military force . It 's a departure for the president , who did n't seek similar approval when the United States joined a United Nations-sanctioned bombing campaign in Libya . But it is more in line with the view that Obama expressed as a senator and presidential candidate , that presidents need congressional approval to wage war . Congressional approval would n't solve the problem with international law , a senior administration official said , but it would enhance the legitimacy of military action . Obama , in a Rose Garden statement Saturday , spoke of the humanitarian and moral reasons to respond to what the United States says is clear proof that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces have used chemical weapons against civilians . Obama called the most recent alleged chemical weapons attack near Damascus "  an assault on human dignity . " A senior administration official acknowledged the international legal constraints but said the president is authorized to take action with or without Congress , in part for U.S. national security reasons . The president in his Saturday statement said the use of chemical weapons against civilians poses "  a serious danger to our national security . " The administration uses similar language in the Authorization for Use of Military Force proposal it is presenting to Congress , citing the need to protect the United States and its allies and partners from the threat of chemical weapons . A second senior administration official said the United States is acting on humanitarian as well as security grounds . "  We are not trying to address all of the humanitarian aspects of the crisis , but the security and humanitarian elements of the situation are inextricably linked and it would be artificial to separate them , " the official said . "  The security situation endangers the welfare of the populations in the region , and the humanitarian situation -- including the flows of refugees and displaced persons -- endangers the security and stability of countries in the region . "  Left unanswered , there is serious danger that the August 21 use of chemical weapons would lead to further use in this and future conflicts , posing a humanitarian threat both to those victims who would suffer these weapons ' scourge and a security threat to neighbors , others in the region , and the international community as a whole . " The thorny political and legal problems the president faces were on display over the weekend as some lawmakers returned to Washington early to receive intelligence briefings and to prepare to vote on the authorization . The administration 's proposed authorization for action in Syria is broad and open-ended , and many lawmakers emerged from briefings with deep misgivings . Republican Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri said that among about 100 members present , the biggest single concern was the "  very broad request for authority " that is at odds with the narrow scope of the mission the president outlined . Syria vote could have consequences for 2016 Democratic Sen. Pat Leahy of Vermont , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , on Sunday told reporters he would propose a more narrowly tailored authorization . Fears grew over the weekend that the administration 's broad proposal could lead to a wider conflict and perhaps U.S. military strikes in Iran or Lebanon , because Iran 's Lebanon-based Hezbollah allies are providing support to the Assad regime . The administration official said the military authorization was written narrowly to address Syria but asserted it also has to take contingencies into account . If the United States found chemical weapons were being transferred to Iran , and the only way to stop such a move was by striking in Iran , then the proposed authorization would n't prevent Obama from ordering such strikes . John Bellinger , former legal adviser to the State Department and the National Security Council under President George W. Bush , said Obama 's international law problem is of his own making . "  This particular president has boxed himself into a corner to distinguish himself from his predecessor , " he said . Of Obama 's planned Syria military strikes , Bellinger said , "  even if it 's with the purest of motives , it makes him look hypocritical . " Robert Chesney , a University of Texas law professor , drew parallels to the Clinton administration 's bombing against Serbian forces to protect Kosovo . In that case , President Bill Clinton ignored the fact that a proposed military force authorization was voted down in Congress . Chesney said the problem is that international law does n't necessarily take into account events like those in Syria or Kosovo . In these cases the argument becomes , Chesney said , that "  it was legitimate , but illegal  under international law  . It was the good thing to do because of the moral reasons . " Some human rights groups have long pushed for international law to allow outside intervention to stop atrocities . The United States and other nations have been reluctant to accept such a broad change , Bellinger said . The administration 's lawyers have been careful to guide the choice of words used by top officials . Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry , who made a forceful case for military action on Friday , have carefully portrayed al Assad 's actions as violating "  international norms . " That 's in part because Syria is n't among the 188 countries , including the United States , that signed the Chemical Weapons Convention , the treaty that prohibits the production and use of such weapons . Obama has long grappled with the issue of how to deal with civil war atrocities when international law does n't offer a way to stop them . In his December 2009 speech to accept the Nobel Peace Prize , Obama endorsed a call for an "  evolution of human institutions . " On one hand , he said , it is important for the United States and other nations to respect international rules , saying "  when we do n't , our actions appear arbitrary and undercut the legitimacy of future interventions , no matter how justified . " But then he also noted the need to "  prevent the slaughter of civilians by their own government , or to stop a civil war whose violence and suffering can engulf an entire region . " Obama added : "  I believe that force can be justified on humanitarian grounds , as it was in the Balkans , or in other places that have been scarred by war . Inaction tears at our conscience and can lead to more costly intervention later . That 's why all responsible nations must embrace the role that militaries with a clear mandate can play to keep the peace . " Military has concerns about Syria mission	NEW : The Justice Departments ' Office of Legal Counsel provides the president with a preliminary legal opinion Obama 's plan to strike Syria is not legal under international law , experts say Congressional approval would lend it some legitimacy , an administration official says Lawmakers briefed on the administration 's proposal say it is too broad
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Workers using blowtorches accidentally started a weekend fire at Universal Studios , Los Angeles County spokeswoman Judy Hammond told CNN Monday . The fire burns buildings and movie sets at Universal Studios on Sunday . The fast-moving , early morning blaze destroyed several movie sets and the King Kong exhibit . It also damaged a video vault but copies of reels and videos are kept at another location , said Ron Meyer , chief operating officer of Universal Studios . "  Fortunately , nothing irreplaceable was lost , " he said . "  The video library was affected and damaged , but our main vault of our motion picture negatives was not . " While firefighters were battling the blaze Sunday , a pressurized cylinder exploded at Universal Studios on Sunday , injuring two firefighters , officials said . Eight other firefighters were injured during much of Sunday as they fought back enormous flames . Universal Studios officials resumed normal business hours Monday , including the studio tour . The fire destroyed an area called New York street , which includes movie set-style buildings designed to look like the cityscape of New York City . Hours after the blaze was reported , the roughly two-block area appeared charred and resembled a "  disaster movie , " said Los Angeles Councilman Tom LaBonge . LaBonge said he could see the smoke from his Silver Lake home Sunday morning . "  It looked like a bomb had exploded , " he said . The fire began around 4:45 a.m. and was contained initially by 9 a.m. Throughout the morning , large plumes of black smoke rose as the fire burned the vault containing hundreds of videos , said Meyer . The set of "  The Changeling , " a film recently directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Angelina Jolie , was "  completely destroyed , " Meyer said . Another area called "  Courthouse Square " also was destroyed , he said . Numerous movies have been shot in that area , including several scenes of the 1985 hit "  Back to the Future . "	Workers using heating tools started Sunday 's fire , an official told CNN The blaze destroyed movie sets and a King Kong exhibit 10 firefighters were injured
CNN  -- At the intersection of science-fiction and science-fact was William Shatner on Monday . As James T. Kirk , the fictional captain of the Starship Enterprise , Shatner voiced the opening credits of the original "  Star Trek " TV series and several movies since 1966 . The 79-year-old actor reprised his role to wake up the crew of the space shuttle Discovery at 3:23 a.m. ET Monday . "  Space , the final frontier . These have been the voyages of the space shuttle Discovery . Her 30-year mission : To seek out new science . To build new outposts . To bring nations together on the final frontier . To boldly go , and do , what no spacecraft has done before , " Shatner said over the "  Theme from Star Trek . " This is the spacecraft 's final scheduled mission . It has made 39 flights and 13 journeys to the international space station . Discovery undocked from the space station for the final time at 8:37 a.m. , according to NASA , in preparation for its flight home . Discovery is scheduled to land at Florida 's Kennedy Space Center shortly before noon Wednesday -- one day later than originally scheduled . The nearly three-decade shuttle program is scheduled to end later this year . CNN 's Ric Ward contributed to this report .	NEW : The shuttle separates from the space station for the last time The space shuttle Discovery is on its final mission William Shatner played the fictional Capt. James T. Kirk of the Starship Enterprise His voice is featured in opening credits for the original "  Star Trek " series
CNN  -- Last week 's massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , appears to have at least temporarily changed the debate on gun control and opened the door to new restrictions . Following up on his pledge to "  use whatever power this office holds " to prevent another slaughter at a school , President Barack Obama has said he will submit new gun-restriction proposals to Congress in January . But the obstacles to progress remain formidable , chief among them the political power of the gun-rights lobby in Washington . Yet we do n't have to wait until the national gun-control debate plays out to better protect our children from violence at school . What really makes schools safer ? We can begin now in our elementary and secondary schools by starting a campaign to eliminate the number of lethal weapons that students bring to campus . Despite laws against them and some progress in reducing their numbers , weapons on campus continue to be a major problem . Over the past decade , various government agencies have surveyed millions of students across the nation about weapons in schools , and , year after year , they have told us that they have seen guns and knives on campus and have been threatened by them at school . Alarmingly , a sizable minority do n't disapprove of them being on school grounds . The presence of weapons and toleration of them on campus create the potential for more pain and suffering in the nation 's schools . According to the most recent federal statistics , there were 33 school-associated violent deaths from July 1 , 2009 , through June 30 , 2010 . Opinion : Not man enough ? Buy a gun "  Nationwide , " reports the most recent Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Youth Risk Behavior Survey , "  5.4 % of students had carried a weapon  e.g. , a gun , knife or club  on school property on at least one day during the 30 days before the survey . " Data from the 2009-2011 California Healthy Kids Survey , the most recent , show a horrifying number of weapons-packing students . About 5 % of secondary-school students said they carried a firearm to campus , while another 10 % reported bringing knives and other potentially lethal weapons during the past year . Stunningly , about 3 % of fifth-graders reported that they brought a weapon to school . Taken together , the surveys suggest that hundreds of thousands of potentially lethal weapons are being smuggled onto the nation 's school grounds -- and students may be using them for self-protection but also to threaten their classmates . Around 8 % of secondary-school students in California and nationally report such threats in recent surveys , a percentage that has stayed basically unchanged since 1993 . Even if not directly threatened with a weapon , many students are nonetheless aware of the presence of guns and knives on their campus . For about a decade now , about one-quarter to one-third of students in California public schools  both elementary and secondary  and other states have reported such awareness . Readers share : 10 ways to put brakes on mass shootings in schools In past decades , schools have installed metal detectors , hired extra security to patrol grounds and hallways and instituted other zero-tolerance measures to make campuses safer . But a report released by a zero-tolerance task force assembled and published by the American Psychological Association in 2008 concluded there was no evidence that these measures were effective in making students and staff feel safer . And they can be self-defeating : It 's tough to learn or feel cared for in a prison-like setting . So what to do ? For starters , we should listen to what the students are telling us in the surveys . Yes , listen , because few in our schools , communities and government are . How can you reduce weapons in schools if you do not know what students think about guns in school and you have no clear idea of just how prevalent the problem is ? Step one is for teachers and principals to use the survey results from their own states -- in California the data is available online -- to open discussions with students and parents about the presence of weapons on campus and their potential use as a threat . The many students in California and other states who think there 's nothing wrong with weapons being in students ' backpacks need to learn that what they may see in society at large -- the presence of guns in many places -- is unacceptable on school grounds . Opinion : Teachers with guns is a crazy idea As important as changing their attitudes toward weapons on campus is providing students with anonymous ways to let authorities know about a potential threat . Schools that have created such channels of communication report that the information has thwarted many incidents over the past decade . The best prevention of student-instigated violence on campus is an educated , well-trained and caring school community in which everyone understands what to do when they see a weapon on campus and why it might save lives to act . We can begin to build such a community by talking with students in each classroom and each school about what they see , hear and experience while at school . School shootings : Shattering the sense of safety Ignoring students ' voices wo n't save lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Avi Astor .	Nationwide , many students bring weapons to school , says Ron Avi Astor Metal detectors and security are an insufficient deterrent , he says It 's tough to learn or feel cared for in a prison-like setting , says Astor Astor : To prevent student-instigated violence , schools need a caring community
CNN  -- Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso won an incident-packed Korean Grand Prix Sunday to take over the lead in the F1 world title race as his Red Bull rivals Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel failed to finish . The two-time champion took the checkered flag from McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton , with his Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa in third place . it leaves the Spaniard with an 11-point lead in the championship from Webber , with 2008 champion Hamilton 21 points adrift . Vettel , who had looked set to lead the championship , is fourth 25 points behind , with two races to go . But the story of the race , held in appalling conditions on the new Korea International Circuit and Yeongam , was the demise of the Red Bulls . Australian Webber held a 14-point advantage going into the inaugural Korean GP and had started second on the grid behind his teammate Vettel . Rain had meant the early laps of the race were behind the safety car , but when it pulled off Webber made a mistake on lap 19 and collided with the unfortunate Nico Rosberg , who had been making a strong challenge in his Mercedes . "  Totally my my fault , I got on the kerb , " the Australian told BBC Sport . It left Vettel in the lead while Alonso and Hamilton exchanged second position in a close battle , but on lap 46 of 55 the engine on the German 's Red Bull gave up in a sea of smoke , oil and shattered parts . Alonso could scarcely believe his good fortune , but he had produced a peerless drive in the conditions to capitalize . Despite his delight , he told the post-race press conference that the championship battle was still wide open . "  We know with the new points system everything can change in one race - if you do n't score , you lose 25 points to your opponents . "  Here it was bad luck for Mark and Sebastian . Anything can happen in the next two races . As we repeat many times , being consistent is very important , we can not forget we need to be on the podium and fighting for the victory in the last two races . " Hamilton , whose teammate and reigning champion Jenson Button could only manage 12th after battling tire and grip problems , was delighted to keep revive his slender title chances . "  My tires were shot at the end , so it was just about trying to get the car home , " he admitted . Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher finished fourth for Mercedes in one of his best drives since his comeback to Formula One this season with Pole Robert Kubica fifth in the improving Renault . Vitantonio Liuzzi was sixth for Force India with Rubens Barrichello in seventh in the Williams . The two Saubers of Kamui Kobayashi and Nick Heidfeld were eighth and ninth , respectively while Nico Hulkenberg claimed the final points scoring position in 10th . Red Bull maintain their lead in the constructors ' championship , with a lead of 27 points over McLaren , despite their misfortunes in Korea . The charging Ferrari team is a further 25 points adrift .	Rain proved the biggest factor at inaugural race in South Korea , safety car deployed Championship heads for the penultimate race of the season with Alonso 11 points ahead Webber held a 14-point advantage going into the inaugural Korean GP
Washington  CNN  -- How much do Republicans fear Hillary Clinton as the likely Democratic presidential nominee in 2016 ? So much that Karl Rove has her in his sights . The conservative political mastermind credited with orchestrating George W. Bush 's two winning presidential campaigns insinuated in a fact-challenged attack last week that Clinton was brain damaged . Condemnation from Democrats and some Republicans came quickly , but Rove achieved his goal of inserting the question of Clinton 's health into the national discussion before she has declared if she will run in an election more than two years away . On Wednesday , Former President Bill Clinton came to his wife 's defense , joking during a public appearance that if Hillary had brain damage , "  then I must be in really tough shape because she 's still quicker than I am . " "  It 's just the beginning " "  It 's just the beginning , " he said of Rove 's attack , adding that Republicans "  will still get better at it . " When it comes to playing a political card , few deal better than Rove , who specializes in undermining the perceived strengths of opposing candidates . Recall the 2004 "  swift-boating " of John Kerry , who saw one of his biggest potential advantages -- his military service in Vietnam compared to Bush 's non-participation -- turned into a liability by questions about what he did there . Now Rove takes on a former U.S. senator and secretary of state who is the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic nomination , if she decides to run . Clinton also polls strongly against all the known potential Republican contenders , a situation that likely prompted Rove to go after her . In comments at a May 8 conference reported by the New York Post 's Page Six gossip column , Rove said Clinton spent 30 days in the hospital in 2012 and wore "  glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury " when she returned to public life . Both assertions were false -- she spent a few days in the hospital and the glasses help deal with double vision rather than traumatic brain damage . Nevertheless , the comments generated headlines and political chatter , including repeated discussions on CNN programs . Echo chamber Nick Merrill , a spokesman for Clinton , said Rove lied about Clinton 's health but "  he does n't care , because all he wants to do is inject the issue into the echo chamber , and he 's succeeding . " "  It 's flagrant and thinly veiled , " Merrill said , adding that Republicans "  are scared of what she has achieved and what she has to offer . " As for Clinton , he said "  she is 100 % , period . " Even former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , a GOP political adversary of the Clintons in the 1990s , blasted Rove 's comments as typical of what he called a Republican consulting class that "  wants to be negative , narrow , personal , avoid ideas and not have to wrestle with the big issue . " Rove 's tactic not only drew attention , it linked the controversy he started to the dominant Republican attack line against Clinton so far -- her management of the September 11 , 2012 , attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . House Republicans have formed a select committee on Benghazi , a step intended to keep the issue in the public eye , while Democrats oppose the move and have yet to decide if they will take part . Benghazi link Two months after the Benghazi terror attack , Clinton suffered a blood clot following a fall . She underwent testing in a hospital , then later was admitted for a three-day stay . The health issue prevented her from testifying to Congress about the attack , and some Republicans questioned the validity of her health problem at the time . Rove brought up all that history on Tuesday when he backed away from his factual errors but stressed the overall issue of Clinton 's health . "  I did n't say she had brain damage . She had a serious health episode , " Rove told Fox News before reciting a chronology of what happened in December 2012 and January 2013 . "  First she had apparently a serious virus , " he said . "  They announced then on the 15th of December that she had at some period in the past week fallen . They did n't say when , they did n't say where . She was recovering at home . " Later in December , Rove continued , "  she goes in and turns out to have had a blood clot " but "  they wo n't say where . " "  The next day , they say it is between her skull and her brain behind her right ear , " he noted . When she testified before Congress on Benghazi on January 25 , Clinton wore "  special glasses that allow her to deal with the double vision that this episode caused , " Rove added . In response , Bill Clinton ridiculed Republican efforts to politicize the entire Benghazi issue . "  First they say she faked her concussion , " he noted Wednesday , and now they have her "  auditioning for a part on the Walking Dead . " If elected in 2016 , Clinton would be 69 when she becomes president -- the same age as Ronald Reagan when he moved into the White House in January 1981 . Age a campaign issue ? Republican commentators repeatedly made that point Wednesday , saying Democrats defending Clinton had questioned the age of Republicans such as Reagan , Vice President Dick Cheney and Sen. John McCain when they ran for higher office . GOP strategist Kevin Madden called Rove 's "  erroneous " remarks an acknowledgment of reality rather than a strategic ploy . "  I think it was a very awkward attempt at making a pretty obvious point , which is that non-candidates , which Hillary Clinton technically is , they do n't get a level of scrutiny that official candidates in a 2016 race might get , " said Madden , a CNN contributor . Shenanigans , responded Democrats . "  It 's the McCarthyism of the Internet age where you can put anything out there , make a big lie , make this thing up about 30 days in the hospital , which was patently not true , make this thing up about sunglasses , " said Richard Socarides , a former adviser to Bill Clinton . "  It was totally fabricated . Then he pulls it back . Now we 're having this whole segment on it . " Tracy Sefl , a senior adviser for Ready for Hillary , one of the super PACs formed to back a Clinton candidacy , said Rove 's tactic would backfire on Republicans because it boosted support for Clinton . Madden responded that vilifying Rove amounted to a Democratic counter-strategy . "  The reason that we 're talking about this today has less to do with whether or not some of the facts related to Hillary Clinton 's health , " he said . "  It has to do with the fact that now while Hillary Clinton is not an official candidate , her organization and her supporters , they 're acting like one . They seized on this as an opportunity to drive a contrast with someone like Karl Rove , to express some outrage and maybe engender some sympathy for Hillary Clinton . " CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Karl Rove inserts Hillary Clinton 's health into the political discussion Democrats and some Republicans criticize the tactic Rove succeeds in linking the issue to another GOP attack line -- Benghazi NEW : Bill Clinton accuses Rove , Republicans of politicizing the Benghazi attack
CNN  -- Pope Francis put the ideals of professionalism , service and holiness to the fore Saturday in his first Christmas message to the Curia , the Roman Catholic Church 's governing body . The Roman Curia , which includes Vatican staff , priests and cardinals , gathered in the ornate Clementine Hall . The pope praised those who have worked in the Vatican for "  many years with immense dedication , hidden from the eyes of the world . " The church needs "  people who work with competence , precision and self sacrifice in the fulfillment of their daily duties , " he said . Without professionalism , Francis warned , "  there is a slow drift downwards towards mediocrity " and "  dossiers become full of trite and lifeless information " that fail to inspire . Without an attitude of service to bishops and churches worldwide , he said , "  the structure of the Curia turns into a ponderous , bureaucratic customs house , constantly inspecting and questioning , hindering the working of the Holy Spirit and the growth of God 's people . " Holiness encompasses an openness to God , prayer , deep humility and fraternal charity in relationships with fellow workers , Francis said . "  It also means apostleship , discreet and faithful pastoral service , zealously carried out in direct contact with God 's people . For priests , this is indispensable , " he said . He also urged the Curia to avoid indulging in gossip , saying : "  Gossip is harmful to people , our work and our surroundings . " Francis has already taken a number of steps to try to reform the Vatican 's administration in the nine months since he was elected to the papacy . CNN 's Vatican reporter John Allen , also a senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter , said Saturday 's speech was brief but set out some core principles . "  He said very clearly he wants a Vatican that is focused on service , rather than power , " Allen said . In July , the pope set up an expert committee to recommend reforms to the economic and administrative structures of the Holy See . He has also ordered more scrutiny of the Vatican bank , which has been plagued by financial scandals for years . Earlier this month , he announced the creation of a commission to prevent the abuse of minors and to support victims of abuse . The Catholic Church has faced calls for reform in the wake of scandals involving the sexual abuse of children by priests and allegations of corruption . Since taking charge , Francis has also shifted the tone of the church toward a focus on service , compassion and helping the poor and addressed controversial issues such as homosexuality and the role of women in the church . At his final general audience of 2013 in St. Peter 's Square on Wednesday , the pope spoke about the birth of Jesus and the importance of humility . "  It is an ugly thing , " he said , "  when you see a Christian who does n't want to humble himself , who does n't want to serve , a Christian who struts about everywhere : it 's ugly , eh ? That is not a Christian : that 's a pagan ! " In a measure of the impact he 's already had as pontiff , Francis was named as Time magazine 's "  Person of the Year " this month . The Vatican welcomed Time 's selection , while making it clear the man so widely recognized for his own humility did n't seek the award and did n't want its light to shine on him but on the mission of the church . Pope Francis calls for big changes in Roman Catholic Church	Pope Francis urges the Curia to be professional and to serve the rest of the church He also warns against gossip , saying it is harmful to people and the church 's work This is Francis ' first Christmas message to the Roman Curia Since becoming pope , he has been taking steps to reform the way the Holy See is run
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British Museum plans to display a statue of supermodel Kate Moss that it bills as the largest gold statue built since ancient Egypt . The statue of Kate Moss will be displayed in the British Museum in a gallery holding anicent Greek sculpture . Called "  Siren , " the statue will be part of a group of major sculptures by leading British artists to go on display at the museum in October , the museum announced . The museum says the artist , Marc Quinn , claims it 's the largest gold statue since ancient Egypt . His previous work included the marble sculpture Alison Lapper Pregnant , which appeared on a plinth in London 's Trafalgar Square . The Kate Moss statue , weighing 50kg , will be displayed in a gallery of the museum that houses ancient Greek sculpture . The museum calls it a "  fitting setting " for the statue of Moss , "  interacting with the great Greek beauties that surround it . " Moss , whose slight frame was at the forefront of the waif look in the mid-1990s , is now nearly as well known for her celebrity lifestyle as her modeling career . The one-time girlfriend of British rocker Pete Doherty is a tabloid newspaper and celebrity magazine favorite , and now dates Kills guitarist Jamie Hince . She has recently mixed her modeling work with designing collections for the British clothing giant , Topshop . Other artists exhibiting include Damien Hirst , who most recently created a $ 100 million diamond-covered skull , and Angel of the North creator Anthony Gormley . The exhibit is expected to run from October 4 through January 25 , 2009 .	Statue of Kate Moss billed as largest gold statue built since ancient Egypt Called "  Siren , " the statue will be on display at the British Museum Moss statue will be displayed in gallery housing ancient Greek sculpture
Rainbows of color , spice-market smells , an urban orchestra of sounds : Morocco can be overwhelming at first . Lying 13 kilometers , or 8 miles , from the coast of Spain , the North African country mixes Middle Eastern magic , Berber tradition and European flair . Tourism has more than doubled since 2002 , to nearly 10 million visitors in 2011 . King Mohammed VI wants to increase the annual visitor numbers to 18 million by 2020 . The royal ruler 's strategy is underpinned by infrastructure development , making traveling around the country even easier . Add to this a program of ongoing social , political and economic reforms , and Morocco is one of the most moderate and peaceful countries in the region . Cafes dominate life in Tangier Cafes are the key place to socialize , for Moroccan men at least . They gather to drink sweet mint tea and watch people as they go about their affairs . The northern port city of Tangier has a history of literary bohemianism and illicit goings-on , thanks to its status as an International Zone from 1923 to 1956 . The Interzone years , and the heady decades that followed , saw writers , rock stars and eccentrics flock to the city 's 800-plus cafés . Two must-visit spots : Cafe Hafa  Ave Hadi Mohammed Tazi  , overlooking the Strait of Gibraltar , was a favorite hangout of Tangier 's most famous expat , writer and composer Paul Bowles . Smoky and slightly edgy , Cafe Baba  1 rue Sidi-Hosni  is the coolest spot in the Kasbah . A photo of Keith Richards , kif-pipe in hand , still adorns the grimy walls . Most mosques are off-limits to non-Muslims Nearly 99 % of the population is Muslim , and hearing the muezzin 's melodic call to prayer for the first time is a spine-tingling moment . While very few Moroccan mosques are open to non-Muslims , one exception is the towering Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca  Blvd Sidi Mohammed Ben Abdallah ; +212 522 22 25 63  . Located on a promontory over the Atlantic Ocean , the mosque was completed in 1993 and can hold 105,000 worshipers inside and out . Tradition and technology sit side by side , with colorful zellij  mosaic tiles  , intricate stucco and carved cedar complementing the retractable roof and heated flooring . If you ca n't make it to Casa , Marrakech 's 16th-century Ali ben Youssef madrassa-turned-museum  Pl Ben Youssef ; +212 524 44 18 93  is open to all and also features impressive Islamic design . Multilingual Moroccans will put you to shame Moroccans switch languages mid-sentence , reflecting the cultures -- Berber , Arab , French and Spanish -- that have crisscrossed the country . Arabic is the official language , and you 'll hear the Moroccan dialect , Darija , spoken on the street . French continues to be widely spoken in cities ; foreigners are often addressed in this first . Spanish is still spoken in Tangier . There are also three main dialects spoken by the country 's Berber majority : Tashelhit , Tamazight and Tarifit . You 'll be able to get by with English in the main tourist hubs , although "  La , shukran "  "  No , thank you " in Arabic  is one phrase to master . Do n't get stuck in Marrakech Marrakech is justifiably popular , but there 's so much more . Fez tops the list for its maze-like medina , fabulous foodie scene and annual Festival of World Sacred Music . For a slice of the Sahara , there 's the desert town of Merzouga , near the impressive Erg Chebbi sand dunes , accessible via camel treks . Active types can hike between Berber villages in the High Atlas or head to the blue-hued Andalusian town of Chefchaouen to explore the Rif Mountains . Beach bums will love laid-back Essaouira and Sidi Ifni on the Atlantic coast , while surfers often head south to Taghazout . For quiet contemplation , Morocco 's holiest town , Moulay Idriss , is hard to beat . Plus , you 'll have the nearby Roman ruins of Volubilis pretty much to yourself . If you do n't like cumin , you may starve Cumin is one of the main spices used in Moroccan cooking . This pungent powder is used to flavor everything from tagines to mechoui  slow-roasted lamb  . Cumin is used as a condiment on most Moroccan tables , along with salt and chili . It 's also a popular natural remedy for diarrhea . "  Cumin has anti-parasitical properties , so if you 've got an upset tummy , a spoonful of cumin knocked back with water will help , " said food guide Gail Leonard with Plan-It Fez . Trains are cheap , comfortable and reliable Train company ONCF operates one of the best train networks in Africa , making it the easiest way to travel between cities . It 's worth paying extra for first class , which comes with a reserved seat and A/C . First class carriages have six-seat compartments or open-plan seating . Stock up on snacks , or buy them onboard , as it 's customary to share food . When it comes to traveling to smaller towns and villages , buses and grand taxis , usually old Mercedes sedans that can seat six  at a squash  , are best . Couscous is served on Fridays You 'll see it on every restaurant menu , but traditionally , couscous is served on Fridays , when families gather after prayers . This is because the proper  not packet  stuff takes a long time to prepare . Coarse semolina is hand-rolled into small granules to be steamed and fluffed three times . It 's pale in color , deliciously creamy and served with vegetables and/or meat or fish . Bread is the staple carb and is served with every meal , except couscous . It 's baked in communal wood-fired ovens , one of five amenities found in every neighborhood  the others being a hammam , or bathhouse ; a drinking fountain ; a mosque and a preschool  . Riad rooftops rock The traditional Moroccan house  riad  is built around a central courtyard with windows facing inwards for privacy . They 're decked out with elaborate zellij , stucco and painted cedar and are easily the most atmospheric places to stay . While Moroccans tend to use their rooftops as clotheslines , a riad roof terrace is the place to be come sunset . In Marrakech , Italian-designed Riad Joya  Derb El Hammam , Mouassine Quarter ; +212 524 391 624 ; www.riadjoya.com  has prime views of the Koutoubia Mosque minaret , while five-star La Sultana  403 rue de la Kasbah ; +212 524 388 008 ; www.ghotw.com/la-sultana  overlooks the Atlas Mountains . Top picks in Fez are the bohemian Riad Idrissy  13 Derb Idrissi , Sieje , Sidi Ahmed Chaoui , +212 649 191 410 ; www.riadidrissy.com  and its suntrap terrace , while Dar Roumana  30 Derb el Amer , Zkak Roumane ; +212 535 741 637 ; www.darroumana.com  has sweeping views of the world 's largest living medieval Islamic city . When you hear ` balak ! ' watch out Morocco 's souks are not for the faint-hearted . The narrow streets teem with hagglers , hustlers , mule-drivers and motor scooters . Rule No. 1 is to step aside when you hear "  Balak ! " It means there 's a heavily laden handcart or mule bearing down on you . You 'll inevitably get lost , as maps do n't usually include the warren of small alleys that make up the medina . A guide can help you get your bearings and fend off touts , but be aware that anything you buy will have his commission built in to the price . Alternatively , taking snaps of landmarks with your smartphone can help you find your way back to your accommodation . It 's not weird to be bathed by a stranger There are plenty of posh hotel hammams , but nothing beats a visit to a no-frills public bathhouse . Spotting the entrance can be tricky , as most signs are written in Arabic . Look for a shop selling toiletries or a mosque , as these are usually nearby . It 's advisable to stock up on black olive oil soap , ghassoul  clay used as hair conditioner  , a kiis  exfoliating glove  and a mat to sit on . Visitors need to take their own towels , comb and flip-flops . Women strip to their knickers  no bra  , and men wear underpants . Then you 'll be steamed , scrubbed and pummeled until you 're squeaky clean .	Cafés are where Moroccan men socialize , gathering to drink sweet mint tea Cumin is used to flavor everything from tagines to mechoui Train company ONCF operates one of the best train networks in Africa Morocco 's souks teem with hagglers , hustlers , mule-drivers and motor scooters
CNN  -- Those countries in the Middle East that have been spared political upheaval find themselves enmeshed in a different sort of battle of late . As Qatar , the UAE and Jordan split what 's left of the region 's tourists , each is fighting to pull in the lion 's share . Their weapon of choice ? Theme parks . Currently , Abu Dhabi and its scrappier sibling , Al Ain , are duking it out with Doha for the rights to build the region 's first Angry Birds theme park . Not surprisingly , the Middle Eastern version of Angry Bird Land  there are already outlets in Finland , Singapore and the UK  would also be the world 's largest . " -LSB- The competition -RSB- is getting quite fierce , " says Nigel Cann , director of operations and development at Gebal Group , the local agents for Lappset , who first developed the brand 's entertainment complex . Read more : The Middle East 's changing butler class "  They all want to find a space for it , and to do it as soon as they can . They all want to be first . " As one of the most downloaded apps of all times  the game has amassed 1.7 billion downloads since launching in 2010  , Angry Birds ' name recognition is almost unbeatable . Though is a global phenomenon , it 's proved particularly popular in the region . Over a fifth of all downloads come from the UAE , Saudi Arabia and Kuwait . Rovio Entertainment , the developers of the game , are even toying with the idea of creating a localized version of the game . "  Everyone recognizes the game , from little kids to adults , " notes Cann . "  It 's a brand new concept to the region . No one has it , and everyone wants it . They want to be ahead of their neighbors all the time -- they want to beat them at everything . " At $ 60 million , the budget for Angry Birds Land is fairly modest , by entertainment complex standards . According to John Gerner , a theme park consultant and the managing director at Leisure Business Advisors , it makes for a fairly inexpensive investment . "  It 's really a great concept for the Middle East , especially for areas looking to grow their attractions , " he says . "  The scale is small , but it still has a brand name associated with it , and a very current one at that . It gives -LSB- whoever wins it -RSB- a name attraction without the risk of a more expensive brand . " Read more : Dubai cops have Lamborghinis Angry Birds Land is just one of several ambitious projects proposed in the region . Other cities are starting to come up with theme park concepts that are either branded , big , or bizarre . In addition to courting Angry Birds , Abu Dhabi has expressed interest in a Michael Jackson-themed resort . According to Abu Dhabi newspaper The National , Jermaine Jackson has been in talks to build it on Yas Island , adjacent to Ferrari World . Jordan , a country who relies more on cultural tourism than man-made gimmicks  UNESCO-listed Petra is the most popular destination , attracting over 600,000 visitors in 2011  , seems to be taking a tip from its neighbor . RGH Themed Entertainment are developing a $ 1.5 billion entertainment resort in Aqaba , complete with Star Trek themed rides and a flight simulator attraction . Before the 2008 recession , Dubai had several entertainment-themed developments in the pipeline , mainly slated for the still undeveloped neigborhood of Dubailand . Though some -- like the largest Six Flags theme park outside of the United States -- were shelved in the downturn , others have found their legs in Dubai 's recent economic resurgence . One of these projects includes IMG World of Adventure , which has a soft launch scheduled for December as part of the City of Arabia residential and commercial development . It plans to usurp Ferrari World as the world 's largest indoor theme park , and will include four zones , which , separately , would be a massive undertaking . Perhaps the most unique is The Lost Valley , a Jurassic-themed segment that will include animatronic dinosaurs . Two other zones are dedicated to the characters of Marvel Comics and Cartoon Network . "  We want this park to be one of the center points in the future of Dubai , " explains Adam Alexander Page , the vice president of marketing for IMG Group , the developer behind the project . "  As such , you do n't want to build something that wo n't get global attention , and if that means it 's big , that 's what you do . There 's no point in building it small . "	Abu Dhabi , Al Ain and Doha are competing to for the rights to build the Middle East 's first Angry Birds theme park . Though the details are n't finalized , the park will also be the biggest in the world . Dubai is also planning to open IMG World of Adventure , the world 's biggest indoor theme park in December . The new park will feature animatronic dinosaurs , which walk and move around .
London  CNN  -- In an era of porn star politicians , legalized marijuana trade and same-sex marriage , it might seem that our liberalism knows no bounds . But this idea runs aground at the door of the bathroom , a subject still abjured in polite society . "  Nobody knows better than me , " laughs Professor Barbara Penner , Senior Lecturer at The Bartlett School of Architecture and a leading toilet specialist . "  Everybody asks why I do n't talk about Shakespeare or something nice . It 's hard to talk about toilets in a serious or critical way . " But the author of Bathroom 2014 wants us to try , because she believes there is something deeply unhealthy about the way we perceive and relate to our most intimate facilities . In a new exhibition Toilets : Evolution or Revolution , hosted by Japanese manufacturer TOTO as part of the London Design Festival , Penner critiques the designs that have dominated the era , as well as exploring the possibilities of more progressive ideas . "  We tend to think of our model as normal and natural , " says Penner . "  An underlying aim of the exhibition is to make people think why a toilet looks the way it does , and how else it could look . " The collection of classic images shows the dominance of the modernist aesthetic over the 20th Century in the West , which the professor defines as : "  white , functional and utilitarian ... the toilet was a symbol of modernist values of hygiene and cleanliness , supposed to represent progressive civilization . " Penner contrasts this with ancient civilizations such as Rome , with its culture of communal bathing , and contemporary mores abroad , such as the Indian disregard for privacy . She highlights the futuristic designs of Buckminster Fuller , who envisioned a portable bathroom with inbuilt recycling features in his Dymaxion house . The exhibition also charts the emergence of alternatives to the "  hard , unyielding , standardized space " of modernists , which placed greater emphasis on pleasure and style , placing bathrooms on a par with other rooms of the house . From the soft shapes and warm colors that accompanied the 1960 's sexual revolution , to the incorporation of technology in Sanyo 's self-cleaning bath of the 1970 's - subsequently adapted for nursing homes - innovation thrived in the post-war period . Today , the modernist style has endured , but is being updated with technology advances that also change and personalize the experience , shown in Toto 's display models of self-cleaning , germ-killing , temperature-controlled , resource-efficient "  Cadillac " models . But to popularize a new concept requires cultural change that allows openness about the subject . "  It happened with sex and now I believe toilets are the final frontier of taboo " , says Penner , who believes we have something approach a psychological disorder . "  I would characterize it as schizophrenia . We lavish money on bathrooms , it 's common for people to spend $ 25,000 on them ... but in public they are supposed to be invisible . " An imperative to increase our engagement with our bathrooms comes from resource scarcity , which makes the 50 liters of potable water lost with every flush ever less affordable . Penner highlights California 's drought , which has driven a movement to recycle toilet water for drinking , as an example of the need to move beyond "  flush and forget " . Whether it is through low-tech , off-grid systems , closed-loop recycling , or luxurious experiences for the indulgent , new concepts for bathrooms are finally arriving to meet modern challenges . If only we could face them .	Toilets : Evolution or Revolution explores our relationships with these intimate facilities In the exhibit , Barbara Penner , a leading toilet specialist , criticizes the dominant modernist toilet design According to Penner , newer toilet innovations wo n't catch on until people are more open about discussing them
CNN  -- A whistle-blowing Russian lawyer whose death in custody strained U.S.-Russia relations was posthumously convicted in a tax case in a Moscow district court Thursday , state-run legal news agency RAPSI reported . Sergei Magnitsky was convicted of tax evasion -- a verdict that comes after he died in 2009 in a Moscow detention center . The United States alleges Magnitsky was beaten to death in detention , a claim that Russian authorities reject . Magnitsky 's 2008 arrest and tax charges came after he uncovered Russia 's largest known tax fraud in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . The U.S. State Department believes Magnitsky was persecuted because he "  was blowing the whistle of confiscation of private assets and misuse of private assets , " a State Department official said in a background briefing with reporters earlier this year . U.S. lawmakers responded to Magnitsky 's death by passing the December 2012 Magnitsky Act , a law that imposes visa bans on and freezes the assets of 16 Russian officials that U.S. officials allege were connected to his death , abuse or detention . Thursday 's verdict prompted more criticism from U.S. officials . "  The trial was a discredit to the efforts of those who continue to seek justice in his case , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  Despite widely publicized , credible evidence of criminal conduct resulting in Magnitsky 's death , authorities have failed to prosecute those responsible . "  We continue to call for full accountability for all those responsible for Magnitsky 's wrongful death , and we 'll continue to support the efforts of those in Russia who seek to hold those individuals accountable . " Sen. Robert Menendez , the New Jersey Democrat who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Thursday that Magnitsky 's posthumous conviction "  is nothing short of a message to Russia 's activist community of the repercussions of opposing the state . " Russia 's lawmakers responded to the Magnitsky Act with their own list , slapping similar sanctions on 18 Americans it called rights violators . Russian President Vladimir Putin last year called the Magnitsky Act "  another anti-Russian law " and an "  imperialist approach to foreign policy . " In December , Putin signed into law a measure that would ban the adoption of Russian children by U.S. families starting in 2014 -- a move also widely seen as retaliation for the Magnitsky Act . CNN 's Elise Labott , Jason Hanna , Alla Eshchenko , Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : The verdict draws criticism from U.S. officials The conviction of Sergei Magnitsky comes nearly four years after this death Magnitsky died in a Moscow jail in 2009 ; the U.S. alleges he was beaten to death His death prompted the United States to freeze the assets of certain Russian officials
CNN  North Korea has arrested what it claims are two spies who worked for South Korea 's intelligence service , a North Korean official said Thursday on condition of anonymity . The men , identified as Kim Kook Kie and Choi Chun Kil , are accused of committing crimes of "  terrorism " and bringing in "  large quantities of forged currency , " the North Korean source said . The official said Kim had made a declaration of guilt . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the declaration or whether , if Kim made one , it was made under duress . South Korea 's National Intelligence Service told CNN that "  the information you 've obtained is not true . " "  We do n't have any information that members of NIS were arrested in North Korea , " an NIS representative said .	Two men accused of committing crimes of "  terrorism " and bringing in forged currency South Korea 's National Intelligence Service denies claim
CNN  -- Happy birthday , Catherine Zeta-Jones . You are turning 40 this month , joining an exclusive club of women in show business who are marking the same milestone this year . Catherine Zeta-Jones arrives at a Hollywood event earlier this year . She turns 40 on September 25 . Think big names like Renee Zellweger , Jennifer Aniston , Mariah Carey , Jennifer Lopez and Cate Blanchett . It 's a birthday many actors -- but especially female stars -- in Hollywood would once dread , hide and agonize over . At an age where men could comfortably play heroes and lovers in the prime of their life -- and could do so for many years to come -- women often found themselves starting to be cast in different roles . One example : "  The Graduate , " where 36-year-old Anne Bancroft played a frustrated "  older woman " trying to seduce Dustin Hoffman , who was just six years younger than she at the time . No wonder some stayed mum about their age , but this generation of 40-something female entertainers is different . They 're holding birthday bashes , embracing the big four-oh and staying as busy and famous as ever . Their faces grace magazine covers , their bodies are the envy of women decades younger and their careers seem to be going strong . See photos of stars who are 40 and still hot " Zellweger herself has said she has n't noticed good parts getting scarce . "  I do n't see it . I do n't know . I 'm so spoiled with respect to the experiences I 've had and the opportunities I 've had that I do n't see it , " she said , according to published news reports . So has anything changed for women hitting 40 in a business obsessed with youth ? Industry observers say stars like Zeta-Jones , Zellweger and Aniston have more options than ever to have long , distinguished careers thanks to independent films and television , but opinions are mixed on whether they can sustain a big Hollywood presence . "  These women are still among the most bankable , biggest stars in the industry and turning 40 is n't going to change that , " said Kathy Heintzelman , entertainment director for More , a magazine geared toward women over 40 . Watch a report on the most rich and famous women over 40 " Importance of box office But others argue that the opportunity to land lead roles in major studio films for actresses like Aniston , Zeta-Jones and Zellweger is running out . It 's all about the global box office for Hollywood , which right now is most interested in making comic book movies or big-action , special-effect films in which women are mostly decorative , said Leah Rozen , film critic for People magazine . That often leaves few lead roles in big-budget Hollywood films for established female stars as they get older . "  They 're going to work , but the entire movie will not be built around them . It will not be a Renee Zellweger vehicle or a Catherine Zeta-Jones vehicle , unless it 's an indie film , " Rozen said . "  I 'm not saying anything about the quality of the movies they 're making or their validity as actresses , " Rozen said . "  I am saying that viewed as box office -- or can they open a movie ? -- the answer would be no right now . " Zellweger 's most recent project , "  My One and Only , " which Rozen called a "  very sweet little film , " has grossed less than $ 1 million since it premiered last month  it opened in wide release last Friday .  Earlier this year , her film "  New in Town " grossed about $ 16 million domestically , according to Boxofficemojo.com . Zeta-Jones ' last big Hollywood role was in the 2007 movie "  No Reservations , " which earned $ 43 million in the United States . Aniston has had a better run . Last year 's "  Marley & Me " took in $ 143 million domestically and more recently , "  He 's Just Not That Into You " earned $ 93 million . Men are viable as box office leads far longer than most women , Rozen said . Think Harrison Ford , who was still the action hero at 66 in last year 's "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull "  which earned $ 317 million domestically  or Sean Connery , who at 69 was paired with a then-30-year-old Zeta-Jones in 1999 's "  Entrapment "  $ 87 million domestic gross  . A big exception to this trend has been Meryl Streep . Watch a report on women over 40 who make us laugh " Streep , 60 , has a great track record at the movies with films including the recent "  Julie & Julia " and last year 's "  Mamma Mia ! " She 's part of a very successful run of female-centric movies that have starred women over 40 , said Jane Fleming , president of the nonprofit organization Women In Film . "  That proves if you have an audience base that wants to see you , they 're going to keep coming out to see you regardless your age , " Fleming said . "  What 's been nice about the last two years is that there 's been economic proof that that audience exists and that given the right form of entertainment , it will be very lucrative for the studios . " Fleming believes this is a good time to be turning 40 in Hollywood , with popular films like "  Sex and the City , " "  Marley & Me " and "  The Proposal " starring 40-and-over actresses . Watch a report on women over 40 who rock " TV , indie films offer new options It may be a big improvement over the options available to female stars not too long ago . "  There are only three ages for women in Hollywood : babe , district attorney , and ` Driving Miss Daisy , ' " Goldie Hawn 's character famously exclaimed in the 1996 comedy "  The First Wives ' Club . " Actresses like Sandra Bullock are redefining those stereotypes by playing lead roles in romantic comedies well into their 40s , sometimes paired with younger men . Just this year , Bullock , 45 , has starred in "  The Proposal " and "  All About Steve . " Watch a report on women over 40 who 've had work done " Many actresses over 40 are also finding a new home on television , where there are many complex characters to choose from . Glenn Close , 62 ; Kyra Sedgwick , 44 ; and Holly Hunter , 51 , are just some of the stars who have made the move from the big screen to the small screen , earning critical and popular success . "  Cable has opened up enormous possibilities . In feature films , you 're still lucky if you 're not the girlfriend or the wife , " Katey Sagal , 55 , who stars in the TV series "  Sons of Anarchy , " recently told Oprah.com . But she was also glad to note that there are more opportunities in general for female stars over 40 . "  I do n't know why it 's changed , but I 'm really grateful it has . Maybe it has to do with the fact that we 're all living longer and suddenly it 's OK to get older . Maybe there 's a broader audience for these characters . The stories you can tell about older women are deeper , " Sagal said .	Renee Zellweger , Jennifer Aniston , Cate Blanchett have turned 40 this year Stars appear to be going strong in an industry famously obsessed with youth Some doubt Hollywood is interested in making ` vehicles ' for top female stars Television , independent films offer more options than ever for actors
The city of Livingstone , in Zambia , is located just 10 kilometers from the spectacular Victoria Falls . Its proximity to the falls makes it a tourist destination , but it also boasts an almost-forgotten past as the home of one of the oldest Jewish settlements in Africa . European Jews first came to Zambia at the end of the 19th century , when it was still Northern Rhodesia . Many settled in the capital , Livingstone . The early arrivals were pioneers looking for better economic opportunities ; later they came as refugees fleeing Nazi persecution . Although Zambia 's Jewish population was always small -- around 1,000 at its peak -- its members included significant figures in Zambia 's economical and political life . Among the most influential was Simon Zukas , who played a key role in Zambia 's struggle for independence from Britain in the 1950s , and went on to be a government minister after independence . Discovering the real Zambia Zukas 's father emigrated from Lithuania to southern Africa in 1936 in search of work , as the shadow of Nazism was descending on Europe . He settled in Northern Rhodesia , opening a shop in the town of Ndola , and his family joined him in 1938 . Simon Zukas arrived as a 13 year old who spoke only a little English , struggling to adapt to a country where black people were treated as second-class citizens under British colonial rule . "  I knew something about the world because I was part of the Zionist movement in Lithuania , " he recalls . "  I arrived with sympathy for the underdog , which included the black man . The biggest difficulty was to adjust to the custom of the treatment of blacks . There was a big gulf between the treatment of whites and blacks . " He remembers having to write permits every evening to allow the family 's black cook to be able to go home after dark , because he was subject to curfew . Zukas says there was some anti-Semitism from British colonial officials , who could make it hard for Jews to get trading licenses , but generally Jews were welcomed . New arrivals formed a small community together with Jewish families who had immigrated to Northern Rhodesia in earlier years . Hugh MacMillan is a University of Oxford historian and author of "  Zion in Africa : The Jews of Zambia . " He says of the early Jewish settlers : "  The Jews arriving in Northern Rhodesia were both economic migrants and refugees , escaping from a kind of religious and political persecution in the Russian Empire , and also economic migrants looking for a place where they could make a better living . " Lithuanian Jews in particular migrated to South Africa during the diamond and gold rushes at the end of the 19th century , but some pioneers ventured further afield . "  The ones who got to Northern Rhodesia early on were the most adventurous -- frontiers people , " says MacMillan . "  They were going way out into what were very difficult , remote places , originally as cattle traders . " Among the most influential Jewish immigrants were the Susman brothers , businessmen from Lithuania  then western Russia  . They arrived in Northern Rhodesia in 1901 as cattle traders . They settled in Livingstone and went on to build a business empire that included copper mines and ranches . Butterfly farmers help protect threatened forests MacMillan says the brothers were leaders of Livingstone 's small Jewish community and led the construction of the city 's synagogue in the late 1920s . The building is still standing , but these days it 's used as a Christian church . A casual observer would never know it was once a Jewish place of worship but for the faint outline of the Star of David , the symbol of Judaism , just visible over the main entrance . By the 1930s , there were hundreds of Jews living in Zambia and the rise of the Nazis in Europe brought and a new wave of Jewish immigration . In 1938 and 1939 around 300 German Jews fleeing Nazi persecution found their way to Northern Rhodesia , as did smaller numbers of Jews from Lithuania and Latvia . By the early 1960s , around 1,000 Jews lived in Northern Rhodesia . But after Zambia 's independence in 1964 , numbers began to dwindle , part of a larger exodus of whites from the country . There are now fewer than 50 Jews left in Zambia . Zukas was an important activist for Zambia 's independence . After a stint in the army and at university in Cape Town he campaigned against colonial rule , which led to him being deported to England in 1952 . He continued to campaign from London , until being invited to return home when Zambia finally won its independence in 1964 . He went on to hold two posts as a government minister and was chairman of the Forum for Democracy and Development opposition party in 2001 . While Zukas may be the highest profile of Zambia 's Jews , collectively the small Jewish community helped shape the country . "  Individuals of Jewish descent played an important part in Zambian history , especially in commercial business , " says MacMillan . "  It 's a tiny population that has been , or was , influential beyond its numbers . "	City of Livingstone , Zambia , was once the focus of the country 's Jewish community European Jews began arriving there at the end of the 19th century Simon Zukas arrived as a child in 1938 . He became a government minister in independent Zambia Zambia 's Jewish population was once more than 1,000 , now around 50
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo and Zlatan Ibrahimovic will go head-to-head for a place at the 2014 World Cup after Portugal and Sweden were drawn together in the European qualification playoffs . Portugal captain Ronaldo will lead his team out against Ibrahimovic 's Sweden , with one of the star duo set to miss out on a ticket to football 's biggest tournament following the draw at FIFA headquarters in Zurich . Eight second-place teams from the nine European groups will compete over two legs for four World Cup berths . Paulo Bento 's Portugal were pipped to automatic qualification by one point , finishing behind Fabio Capello 's Russia . If Portugal fail to qualify it will be the first time they have missed the tournament since 1998 . Sweden , coached by Erik Hamren , will be desperate to reach a 12th World Cup after missing out on South Africa 2010 . France , World Cup winners in 1998 , were drawn against Euro 2012 co-hosts Ukraine , with Euro 2004 champions Greece taking on Romania . Minnows Iceland , who are bidding to become the smallest nation to successfully qualify for the quadrennial competition , will play Croatia , who sacked coach Igor Stimac last week . Stimac was replaced by former player Niko Kovac , who took over on a caretaker basis . Each of the four ties will be contested over two matches , with the first set to be played on November 15 and the second on November 19 . European playoff draw in full : Portugal vs. Sweden Ukraine vs. France Greece vs. Romania Iceland vs. Croatia	Portugal drawn to play Sweden in the European playoffs for 2014 World Cup Four of the eight teams in the draw will go to Brazil Each of the eight teams finished second in their qualifying groups
EW.com  --  And no , it 's not to Angela . "  Boy Meets World " heartthrob Rider Strong is engaged to actress Alexandra Barreto , his rep confirms to EW . The couple met while co-starring in the short-lived TV series "  Pepper Dennis " in 2006 . Strong is best known for playing bad boy Shawn Hunter on the '90s TGIF favorite . In November , Strong revealed that he will not be involved in "  Girl Meets World , " Disney Channel 's highly anticipated BMW spinoff : "  There might be a chance to see some of the ` BMW ' cast in a guest spot , and I think it would be nice to find out where our characters have been all these years . But ` Girl Meets World ' will be , and I think it should be , its own show . It will be about Cory and Topanga , their daughter , and a new set of characters , " he said in a statement . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Boy Meets World " heartthrob Rider Strong is engaged to actress Alexandra Barreto The couple met while co-starring in the short-lived TV series "  Pepper Dennis " in 2006 In November , Strong revealed that he will not be involved in "  Girl Meets World "
CNN  -- Dave Matthews supported Barack Obama in the presidential race of 2008 , and he 's supporting him again in 2012 -- but not without reservations . The multi-platinum Grammy winner laments , "  I wish there was a third party , but right now , I will wholeheartedly support Obama -- even if I 'm slightly heartbroken about it . " Matthews spoke with CNN 's Kareen Wynter in support of "  Away From the World , " the sixth consecutive studio album from the Dave Matthews Band to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 chart . No other group in Billboard history has achieved this feat . In the 11 new tracks , Matthews examines love , lust , the politics of relationships and the politics of politics . "  Mercy , " the lead single , is a plea for citizens to shake off their apathy and pull themselves out of the , quote , "  mess we 're making . " The 45-year-old singer-songwriter and father of three elaborates on his thoughts and creativity in the Q & A below . CNN : Your new single , "  Mercy . " I want to read the first couple lines : "  Do n't give up , I know you can see all the world and the mess we 're making . " Those are pretty strong words there . Dave Matthews : We spend a lot of time bickering at great cost , and very little time actually coming up with solutions . And I think we misuse our ambition for our own gains and rarely for the betterment of ourselves , and people around us and our environment . And I think that 's sort of pathetic and desperate . CNN : Are you angry or just disappointed ? Matthews : Not like The Hulk , but I think that I 'm angry all the time . We 've lost our way a little bit , and we blame each other , and we blame God , and we blame the world and we blame each other . But I think we should blame ourselves , and maybe get more things done . Point the finger in . CNN : Do you think artists have a responsibility to speak out ? Matthews : I do n't feel like I 'm standing in a position where I have some right above other people to say what I think . We should all be talking to each other about what we think is important -- whether we 're in politics , or whether we 're checking out at a grocery store . We should n't put walls up between each other . I think we should all talk to our enemies and talk to our friends . Talk ! That 's the only way we 'll find solutions . CNN : When we spoke with you in 2009 , you were pretty vocal about racism and the challenges we face . Matthews : When I was a kid growing up in New York , I was pretty unaware of racism . I think when we 're young -- before we lose our innocence -- we 're sort of unaware of the more flawed qualities of each other . And when I moved to South Africa and I spent my teen years there  under apartheid  , I became acutely aware of racism because it was institutionalized , even though I was on the favored side of the line . But when I moved back to America , I was suddenly so overwhelmed by how present  it is  . It 's so hard for me to even acknowledge America without talking about race and recent issues -- you know , the genocide of the Indians and the incredible flight from slavery to modern days . If you look at our society , if you look at the prisons , if you look at the poverty and which side of the line the majority of people are , we have to acknowledge how we divide ourselves up , that there 's racism alive in this country . And it 's not in the law . It 's in our minds . And that 's what we have to actively battle . CNN : So we 're not bridging the divide ? You think it 's getting worse ? Matthews : I think we have to be active in teaching our children , and teaching each other . We have to be active about kindness and about peace . I 've always fantasized that it would be great if there was a Department of Peace . You know , we have a military , but what if there was a department devoted entirely and truthfully to finding peaceful resolutions ? CNN : You supported Obama in 2008 . You support him now and played a fundraiser for him in Seattle this past May . Are you concerned about his chances in this election ? Matthews : Yeah , I 'm concerned about whether Obama can win . I 'm also concerned about his policies , you know , because I certainly do n't agree with him on a lot of his positions . I think he has a concern for the population that put him in power . A real concern for them . His environmental position -- although I 'd like to see him push a little harder -- that 's where I 'm drawn to him , and that 's where I agree with him . I do n't believe in trickle-down economics . I do n't think that people who have the most are inclined to share it , generally . But I think it 's going to be a close race , and maybe it 'll be the ugliest election as far as empty falsehoods that the candidates throw at each other . When the truth is not really what 's being used to debate things , then it 's hard to see what will come out when it 's just madness . I think Democrats and Republicans survive on distracting us from the real issues , and so we get very little done when they stay in office . And I wish there was a third party , but right now , I will wholeheartedly support Obama -- even if I 'm slightly heartbroken about it . CNN : In 2008 , there were so many entertainers pushing forth his message . Do you think that support has wavered this time around ? Matthews : I think he had a sort of single message , and it came from him , and it came from his heart or the hearts of a small group of advisers . But then , once he was in office , I think there were a lot more voices that made it harder for him to stay on that message . And so I think -- rightly so -- people are disappointed . Not that it 's been easy , because I think that he 's been up against an incredibly poisonous opposition during his presidency . Really disrespectful , I think , because he 's still the president . But I think I was probably disrespectful of his predecessor . But I think it 's reached a new high . I 'm disappointed , but I 'd be more disappointed by having a president like Romney in there . CNN : When you talk as an entertainer , people listen . Will you use that to encourage people to vote ? Matthews : I think people know what my opinion is . I hope that just what I sing about and how I relate to my audience is as much of a political statement as I need to make .	New album is sixth consecutive studio one to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 chart No other group in Billboard history has achieved that mark Matthews says he is concerned whether President Obama can win re-election
AMSTERDAM , Holland -- Ajax lost ground on Dutch league leaders PSV Eindhoven after being held to a 2-2 draw at Vitesse Arnhem on Sunday . Ajax 's Leonardo , front in blue , duels for the ball with Sebastien Sansoni and Abubakari Yakubu of Vitesse . The Amsterdam side led 2-1 with two goals in four minutes just after half-time from Urby Emanuelson and Luis Suarez following Mads Junker 's early opener , but Harrie Gommans rescued a draw . Ajax are now five points adrift of PSV , who beat Excelsior 2-1 on Saturday , with Heerenveen , Feyenoord and Groningen just one point further back . Feyenoord were held 1-1 at home by Groningen on Sunday , with Marcus Berg putting the visitors on course for a 13th win of the season until an own goal by Mark-Jan Fledderus on the stroke of half-time gave the Rotterdam side a point . At the other end of the table , Heracles registered their first away win of the season with a 5-0 thumping of fellow strugglers Venlo . Relegation-threatened Sparta Rotterdam and NEC Nijmegen both picked up vital victories . Sparta won 2-1 at sixth-placed Twente Enschede as goals from Yuri Rose and Charles Dissels on 28 and 51 minutes kept the visitors above of second-bottom Nijmegen on goal difference . NEC won 2-0 at home to ninth-placed Utrecht , the club 's first victory since early November , as Jhonny van Beukering and Brett Holman netted in the second half . E-mail to a friend	Second-placed Ajax held 2-2 at home by Vitesse Arnhem in Dutch Eredivisie The Amsterdam side now trail league leaders PSV Eindhoven by five points PSV defeated Excelsior 2-0 on Saturday to open up six-point gap at top
CNN  -- Three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dario Franchitti was released from a Houston hospital on Thursday , days after he was injured in a serious crash . Thirteen spectators were also hurt during IndyCar 's Grand Prix of Houston on Sunday . Franchitti , who was at Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center , will travel to Indianapolis , where he will be evaluated and await a second surgery to his right ankle . "  I 'm overwhelmed by the outpouring of support and I 'm thankful to have such a great family and such wonderful friends and fans . Thanks to everyone at the hospital and the track who took such good care of me during my stay in Houston , " Franchitti said in a statement . The wreck occurred in the last lap of the race , when Japanese driver Takuma Sato bumped Franchitti 's car , sending it airborne into the protective fencing . The car spun multiple times against the fence , sending shards of debris flying toward the grandstands and shearing off part of its side . Franchitti , 40 , suffered a concussion in the wreck and fractures to his spine and ankle . The Scotland native won IndyCar racing 's top prize in 2012 , 2010 and 2007 . He was married to actress Ashley Judd for more than 11 years , but the couple announced in January that they were ending their marriage .	The three-time Indianapolis 500 winner thanks his friends , family and fans Franchitti was injured in a serious crash on Sunday He suffered a concussion and fractures to his spine and ankle
CNN  -- As you celebrate the holiday season , make time to see Alexander Payne 's brilliant new film , "  Nebraska . " The movie is a riveting story , filmed in black and white , about an elderly man named Woody Grant  played by Bruce Dern  who takes a road trip with his youngest son , David  played by Will Forte  . The two of them drive from Billings , Montana , to Lincoln , Nebraska . Woody , an alcoholic who has lived a hard life , is convinced that he has won a million dollars based on a letter from a company that sells magazine subscriptions . David tries to explain to his gruff father that the letter is simply a ploy to convince him to purchase subscriptions . The father is determined , and desperate , to claim the prize . With a kind heart , David ends up taking his dad on the trip to play out his dream . Throughout the film , viewers see a landscape that is visually beautiful and economically devastating . The two travel through towns that are aging and fading , where almost every character is struggling to make ends meet . Indeed , the fact that Woody is depending on this kind of letter to find fortune is in itself a devastating statement about what has become of the American dream . David , a struggling salesman in the audio and electronics business , at one point asks what his father would actually do with a million dollars . It turns out that all Woody really wants is a new truck and an air compressor . That 's the limit of his aspirations . He ca n't even dream of anything more or of a better way to obtain it . The movie is a powerful statement about the economic challenges that face so many Americans who live in , or on the verge of , poverty . One of the greatest tragedies of the current political era is that neither party has been doing much to make things better . Like Woody , many Americans cling on for their economic lives , daring to dream based on the flimsiest of opportunities . While the American dream once revolved around making your way up through a union job , selling products to consumers or starting a small business , today for many Americans that dream has come down to hoping to win sweepstakes , contests that are doomed to disappoint almost everyone . In this context , it 's remarkable that in recent years , many Republicans have actually threatened to make things more difficult in these communities . Besides the fact that the national GOP has not supported any kind of substantive policies to invest in certain regions to kick start economic growth , congressional Republicans have launched an all-out assault on the social safety net . The House GOP , for example , has pushed for a reduction in food stamps , one of the most important benefits upon which millions of Americans have depended since the 1960s . Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin has called for a conservative War on Poverty that relies on private markets , voluntarism and vouchers to help the poor while he simultaneously promotes stringent budget cuts in nondefense spending that would weaken government support systems such as food stamps or the Earned Income Tax Credit . Republicans have pushed for major reductions in programs such as Social Security and Medicare . Many Republican governors are continuing to reject the expanded Medicaid funding in the Affordable Care Act , which would be hugely beneficial to the poor and working poor . There are many more Democrats who are clearly interested in using government to tackle some of the conditions with which the characters in "  Nebraska " have to cope , though the actual programs they seek to put into place remain unclear  outside of the ACA , which is hugely significant  . President Barack Obama delivered a speech last week on economic inequality , calling on politicians to do more to address the issue , which he characterized as the "  defining challenge of our time . " The president called on Congress to pass legislation strengthening unions , raising the minimum wage , reducing the gender pay gap and making college more affordable . But until now , there has been little movement during by the Obama White House to deal with these kinds of structural economic problems . Obama has also faced fierce opposition whenever he raises these issues . Many Democrats assume that tackling poverty is politically impossible today , so they invest more energy in programs that will win them votes in prosperous suburban communities . The nation ca n't afford to continue along this path . Fifty years ago next year , President Lyndon Johnson and the 88th Congress launched a War on Poverty that committed government funding and created an agency to help impoverished Americans become self-sufficient and restore their communities . For over a decade , the program had many beneficial effects and played a role in diminishing the number of people living under the worst economic conditions . A recent paper from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities showed how government supports created since the New Deal lift millions of Americans out of poverty . In 2011 , the paper found , the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit rescued 9.4 million people from the grasp of poverty . To be sure , the War on Poverty suffered from many shortcomings . The funding for the programs was always meager compared with the inflated promises that came from elected officials . Some of the programs created huge friction among Democrats as local politicians did n't like what community activists did with federal money that was out of their control . Conservatives have also railed against the unintended consequences of the programs , claiming they made recipients dependent on government . Regardless of the criticism , this was a period when the federal government tried to do something . Importantly , it was not just liberals who were behind these programs , but also conservatives such as Southern Democrat Phil Landrum of Georgia , who sponsored the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 in the House . The time has come to focus our attention on the issue of systematic poverty once again , to make sure that we move the nation on a path toward a better Christmas in Nebraska . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : A new film presents stark portrait of struggling Americans "  Nebraska " vividly shows deterioration in middle-class America Zelizer says American politicians of both parties failing their down-and-out constituents Republicans seeking to unravel safety net , while Obama White House has done little , he says
CNN  -- Events in Iraq and Syria have alarmed U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder . Extremists from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria control vast swaths of Iraq and Syria . Its members may be mingling with Yemeni bomb makers who have a track record of getting devices on Western planes . And thousands of Europeans have gone to Syria ready to give up their lives . Holder has voiced "  extreme concern " that the volatile mix could spread to Western shores . "  It 's more frightening than anything I think I 've seen as attorney general , " he told ABC News . Here are five reasons why the fight in Syria and Iraq could spill over to the West . 1 . ISIS has the manpower , money and know-how to hit the West , if it decides to The nightmare scenario is that ISIS leaders or other terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria launch attacks in the West . They are well-positioned to unleash such carnage if they choose . Many of at least 2,000 European militants who have traveled to Syria joined ISIS . That has given groups the opportunity to train them and send them back home to launch attacks . A number have crossed into Iraq . These European fighters also could pose a threat to the United States because many Europeans do not need a visa to enter the U.S. . About 100 Americans also have traveled to fight in Syria -- one carried out a suicide bombing in May . So far , though , ISIS and its fierce rival , the Syrian al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra , have not seen attacking the West as anything near a priority . Their focus instead has been on fighting the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and expanding their zone of operations in the region . The political turmoil brought about by the Arab Spring has made the ultimate dream of global jihadists -- the adoption of their kind of Islamic rule across the Arab world -- seem tantalizingly close . Attacking the West , which for al Qaeda leaders was always a means to this end , has become something of a sideshow . ISIS -- a group previously known as al Qaeda in Iraq -- has never prioritized targeting Western soil , instead preferring to focus on fighting "  infidels " at home . In the decade since the Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi created the group , it has not been directly behind any plot on Western soil . By contrast , in the decade after the September 11 terrorist attacks , al Qaeda operatives in Pakistani tribal areas provided wave after wave of Western recruits training on how to make bombs out of chemicals and components readily available in home improvement and beauty supply stores in the West . To date , only one suspected ISIS recruit who has returned to Europe is alleged to have built such a device . In February , French police arrested a man they identified as Ibrahim B. , a 23-year-old French-Algerian , and retrieved three soda cans filled with nearly a kilogram  about 2 pounds  of the high explosive TATP from his Cannes apartment . French police suspect that in the 18 months he fought in Syria , he learned how to make TATP , an unstable and difficult-to-transport high explosive used to build detonators in multiple al Qaeda plots against the West . It is not clear if ISIS signed off on his alleged plot . While some Western recruits are taught how to make improvised explosive devices in Syria , there is little indication yet that the group has created a training program tailored to attacking the West . The worry is that that could change . After a decade of insurgency in Iraq , no other group has more expertise in making improvised explosive devices . If the United States launches strikes to weaken ISIS , the group could strike back at the West , financing attacks with the tens of millions of dollars in its cash reserves . Last month , its supporters launched a Twitter campaign -- #CalamityWillBefallUS -- warning of such attacks . But , if ISIS is able to consolidate its territorial gains , it could set up training camps to rival any run by al Qaeda in Afghanistan before 9/11 . It 's a Catch-22 that worries U.S. officials . "  There 's going to be a diaspora out of Syria at some point , and we are determined not to let lines be drawn from Syria today to a future 9/11 , " FBI Director James Comey warned in May . 2 . Expert Yemeni bomb makers may be mingling with like-minded Westerners in Syria U.S. officials worry about Yemeni bomb makers who are skilled in making explosive devices that are difficult to detect at airport security . The fear is that they are sharing their knowledge with terrorist groups in Syria with significant numbers of Western passport holders in their ranks . Holder called it a potentially "  deadly combination . " Ibrahim al Asiri , the ingenious chief bomb maker for al Qaeda in the Arabia Peninsula , a Yemeni al Qaeda affiliate , is thought to have trained a cadre of apprentices . Early this year , U.S. officials became worried that some may have traveled to Syria . Hundreds of Yemenis have traveled to fight there , and officials worry that AQAP and Jabhat al-Nusra are building ties . With ISIS dominating headlines and winning the battle for new recruits , it is possible that al Qaeda affiliates may try to restore their relevance by planning a spectacular attack . Al Asiri built the "  underwear " device that a recruit partially detonated on a plane over Detroit on Christmas Day in 2009 . Since then , he has built increasingly sophisticated devices and has experimented with new designs for a shoe bomb . But AQAP has recruited relatively few Westerners into its ranks , limiting -- at least until now -- its bomb makers ' ability to target Western aviation . But there is concern that al Asiri 's knowledge is spreading more widely . This month , the U.S. State Department said a Norwegian convert , Anders Dale , had received extensive instruction in explosives after joining AQAP in Yemen . It was not made clear whether this training was provided personally by al Asiri . Nor was it said where the Norwegian is now thought to be . 3 . Western fighters who leave Syria could lash out back home What most keeps European counterterrorism officials awake at night is the potential threat from hundreds of extremists who have returned home after fighting with terrorist groups in Syria . While little evidence has emerged so far that ISIS or Jabhat al-Nusra has directed them to launch attacks , their urban warfare skills would make them especially dangerous . The first terrorist attack on Western soil linked to Syria probably followed this trajectory . In May , Mehdi Nemmouche , a French-Algerian , allegedly gunned down four people at a Jewish museum in Brussels , Belgium , after spending a year in Syria . When he was arrested , police discovered a Kalashnikov in his possession wrapped in a flag with ISIS insignia . After the attack , an ISIS fighter said on social media that he had joined the group , but ISIS itself did not claim responsibility , suggesting to investigators that he planned the attack himself . "  The threat of attacks has never been greater -- not at the time of 9/11 , not after the war in Iraq -- never , " a European counterterrorism official told CNN last month . He envisaged a flood of small-scale but effective and chilling attacks similar to the Brussels shooting . European counterterrorism officials are worried the gains made by ISIS in Iraq will lead to a surge of travel to the region . In identifying who has traveled , they are often playing catch-up . "  In most cases , we know within two weeks a guy has gone to Syria . But 10 to 15 percent of the time , it can be several months before we figure it out . Inevitably , there will be some we have no idea about , " one official told CNN . But even those they know about are difficult to track . Nemmouche was on a watch list when he returned to Europe . European officials tell CNN it is impossible to conduct 24-hour surveillance on all but a small fraction of people who have returned from Syria because of the prohibitive expense . 4 . Would-be jihadists could become radicalized ` lone wolves ' The Boston Marathon bombings illustrated the danger posed by extremists learning bomb-making skills over the Internet without having to travel to jihadist encampments overseas . European officials say anger about events in Syria and Iraq and excitement about the gains made by ISIS have spiked radicalization to unprecedented levels across the continent . Though the animus is not directed as squarely against the West as it was during the Iraq war , ISIS 's viscerally anti-Western ideology is attracting a growing following in extremist circles in Europe . Officials worry that anger "  trigger events " such as future U.S. strikes in Iraq or the arrests of fighters returning from Syria could result in lone-wolf attacks . Anger about events in Gaza could be another . 5 . Foreign fighters who go home could build terror networks of their own Around 7,000 foreign fighters have traveled to fight in Syria , many from the Arab world . This could see "  blowback " across the region as fighters return to their home countries and build up jihadist terrorist groups . Like in Afghanistan two decades ago , fighters are building personal relationships in this melting pot that will form the basis of the transnational terrorist networks of the future . For example , a battalion of hardened jihadists from eastern Libya is fighting alongside ISIS in Syria while Egyptian ISIS recruits have returned to the Sinai , bolstering militant groups there . Now that al Qaeda has largely switched its operations from the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region to the Arab world , officials fear that its various affiliates in the region will increasingly coordinate and pool resources , creating a significant long-term security threat on the doorstep of Europe .	U.S. attorney general : There 's "  extreme concern " that Mideast bloodshed could spread to West European militants who have traveled to Syria could go back home and launch attacks So far , militants in Iraq and Syria have n't seen attacking the West as a priority But officials also fear the conflict could create new terror ties , bomb technology , lone wolves
KFAR CHABAD , Israel  CNN  -- Thousands of mourners and emissaries from the ultra-Orthodox Jewish Chabad movement poured into an Israeli village Tuesday for the funerals of two people killed in the Mumbai terrorist attacks . Israeli girls mourn Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg and his wife Rivkah , who were killed in the Mumbai attacks . There was a feeling of pain and anger at the funeral in Kfar Chabad , a village of 900 families just outside Tel Aviv . Speeches at the funeral said the gunmen sought out the Chabad House in Mumbai and targeted the victims because of their faith . The two people laid to rest Tuesday were Chabad House directors Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg and his wife , Rivka . They lived and worked at the house in Mumbai , which served as both a home and Jewish center -- a place open to anyone who wanted a place to pray , eat kosher food , or celebrate Jewish holidays . Three former Israeli prime ministers were at the funeral : Ehud Barak , who is now the defense minister ; Shimon Peres , currently the Israeli president ; and Benjamin Netanyahu , leader of the Likud Party . Watch Israeli funerals for those killed in Mumbai " After the funeral , the bodies of the Holtzbergs were buried on the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem . Another victim from Chabad House , kosher supervisor Rabbi Leibish Teitelbaum of New York , was buried there earlier . Separate funerals were held for Teitelbaum and another kosher supervisor at Chabad House , American-Israeli Rabbi Bentzion Kruman . They died in the siege along with Israeli grandmother Yocheved Orpaz and Mexican citizen Norma Shvarzblat Rabinovich . The building , also known as the Nariman House , was the local headquarters of the Chabad community , a Hasidic Jewish movement . The Holtzbergs had two children , one of whom was in the house when terrorists stormed in . A woman who worked as a nanny and cook at the house managed to escape with the 2-year-old boy , Moshe . Watch report about nanny saving infant " The couple 's other son was not in Mumbai at the time , according to Rabbi Yehuda Krinsky , chairman of the educational and social services arms of the Chabad-Lubavitch movement . The child has Tay-Sachs , a terminal genetic disease , The Associated Press reports . In an emotional scene before flying from India to Israel on Monday , the boy repeatedly cried for his mother at a memorial ceremony at a Mumbai synagogue . His cries were played repeatedly on Israeli TV stations . "  You do n't have a mother who will hug you and kiss you , " Rabbi Kotlarsky said , adding that the community would take care of the boy , AP said . "  You are the child of all of Israel . " The only other surviving member of the family , Moshe 's brother , has Tay-Sachs , a terminal genetic disease , and is institutionalized in Israel , AP added . The Holtzbergs ' eldest son died of the disease . The Holtzbergs went to Mumbai five years ago to serve the city 's small Jewish community and the thousands of Israeli visitors and business people who frequent the area , according to Chabad.org , the ultra-Orthodox group 's Web site . About 5,000 Jews live in India , according to the American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise . About 3,000 of them live in Mumbai , The Jewish Press reported . iReport.com : Share tributes to those who died The Holtzbergs operated a synagogue and taught Torah classes . The rabbi also conducted weddings for local Jewish couples . Gavriel Holtzberg , 29 , was born in Israel and moved to Brooklyn , New York , when he was 9 . He studied in New York and Argentina and traveled to Thailand and China as a rabbinical student . His wife , Rivka , 28 , was a native of Israel . In Mumbai , they ran the headquarters of the Chabad community , a Hasidic Jewish movement . The center , in a building known as the Nariman House , was open to anyone who wanted a place to pray , eat kosher food or celebrate Jewish holidays . In footage filmed two years ago by the Chabad movement , Gavriel Holtzberg said anybody who visited the center was welcome . His wife said its doors were always open and that it was not unusual to have 30 people for dinner . The Chabad-Lubavitch movement was formed more than two centuries ago in Russia . The organization says 4,000 full-time emissary families now direct more than 3,300 Chabad institutions around the world . Kruman was in India to help Teitelbaum supervise a mushroom packing plant under kosher certification , the Chabad Web site said . He grew up in Israel and in the past year had visited China once a month to supervise food packaging plants there . Kruman often visited the Chabad House in Beijing , the organization said , and survived the May earthquake in China 's Sichuan Province . He leaves behind a widow and three children . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Thousands attend funerals in Israel of two people killed in Mumbai attacks Three former Israeli prime ministers attend Tuesday 's funeral Rabbi and wife killed ; family 's nanny helped couple 's 2-year-old son to escape
CNN  -- The small , black-and-white newspaper ad offered a discount : Nine holes of golf for $ 9.11 -- on September 11 . The management of a Wisconsin golf course said the idea was to remember the victims of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , but the ad turned into a public relations disaster on social media . By Tuesday , TumbleDown Trails Golf Course was reporting death threats . The golf course in Verona , Wisconsin , placed an advertisement in Monday 's Wisconsin State Journal offering to "  commemorate " the 12th anniversary of the terror attacks with "  9 holes with cart for only $ 9.11 per person or 18 holes with cart for only $ 19.11 ! " The ad quickly began circulating on social media , and the golf course 's Facebook page was flooded with angry comments . "  It 's an abomination and a disgrace , " one commenter wrote . "  To make an opportunity out of a national tragedy is outrageous , " another said . The management of the course posted an apology on Facebook Tuesday and on a recorded message on the course 's main phone line . "  Please accept our sincere apologies , " the recording said . "  Our attempt to remember the tragedy of that day has been met with negativity and now even death threats . We ask that you please take a moment to reflect and remember those we lost that day , as we were trying to do . " By Tuesday afternoon , many Facebook commenters were defending the course . Some called the ad an honest mistake , and some said outsiders were pumping up the outrage . "  They should n't have to apologize for anything ! Who are you people to judge , " one commenter wrote . "  I 've played the course before . Nice staff and seem like good people . " Another called the ad "  badly worded , ill thought out " but added , "  I 'm not any more offended than I have been throughout the years every time I see a 9/11 limited edition coin on TV or exploding towers with an eagle crying on a T-shirt or ... the hundreds of others exploiting a tragedy for profit . " A message left on the course 's voice mail was not returned Tuesday . Management said in a Facebook post the course may be closed Wednesday because of security concerns .	Social media erupts after course offers discount to "  commemorate " terror attacks Offer : $ 9.11 for nine holes , $ 19.11 for 18 holes Management apologizes on Facebook , reports death threats Course may be closed on Wednesday due to security concerns
Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , the alleged Fort Hood gunman and a psychiatrist who worked in a hospital at the base , is blamed for the deaths of 12 soldiers and one Army civilian employee , and for wounding at least 38 others . If convicted , Hasan will join an infamous list of Americans who have committed acts of mass murder . Since 2005 , there have been at least 11 other incidents where gunmen have opened fire on groups of victims .	Since 2001 , Hasan had been unable to leave the military , a family spokeswoman said She said he told his family he had been taunted after the terrorist attacks in 2001 The police officer who shot Hasan , ending the massacre , was among the wounded
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A television station in Hong Kong has been fined for airing a report in July that suggested former Chinese President Jiang Zemin had died , regulators said Tuesday . Asia Television Limited  ATV  was fined almost $ 39,000 for the inaccurate report and its "  irresponsible approach " to the subsequent inquiry , the Hong Kong Broadcasting Authority said in its report on the incident . Rumors of Jiang 's demise began when he failed to attend the 90th anniversary celebration of the founding of the Chinese Communist Party . Speculation intensified on Chinese micro-blogging networks , prompting state media to publicly dismiss the reports as "  pure rumor . " But ATV continued to report the rumor in several bulletins on July 6 before it finally retracted the story later in the day . Death rumors spur reflections on Jiang legacy According to a report in the South China Morning Post , ATV senior vice-president Kwong Hoi-ying repeatedly pressed the station 's news department to run the report , telling them he had received reliable information about Jiang 's death . It said the news desk tried unsuccessfully to verify the information and asked for more time , but Kwong insisted they broadcast the report , saying he and ATV would shoulder the responsibility . "  Having considered the information collected at the interviews and all other available evidence and submissions , the BA has found the complaints against inaccurate news reporting and late correction of factual errors substantiated , " the Broadcasting Authority said in the report . "  The BA regrets that ATV has adopted an irresponsible approach in its response to BA 's inquiry . The BA has decided that a financial penalty of HK$ 300,000 should be imposed on ATV . " The broadcaster accepted the decision . "  ATV accepts the Broadcasting Authority 's ruling , but reserves agreement on some of the points outlined by the Authority , " the station said in a statement received by CNN Tuesday . "  ATV will learn from this incident and continue to uphold journalistic standards going forward . " During his 13 years as general secretary of the Communist Party and nearly 10 years as president , Jiang mixed economic freedom and political control to move forward the so-called "  market socialism " introduced by his predecessor Deng Xiaoping . Under his leadership , China began to emerge as the world 's fastest growing major economy . Jiang also saw the peaceful handover of Hong Kong from Britain to China and that of Macau from Portugal , while repeatedly threatening to use military power against Taiwan if it declared independence . CNN 's Nini Suet contributed to this report .	An Asia Television report suggested former Chinese President Jiang Zemin had died ATV fined almost $ 39,000 for the inaccurate report and its "  irresponsible approach " to the inquiry Rumors of Ziang 's demise began when he failed to attend Chinese Communist Party celebrations
CNN  -- The J.K. Rowling/Robert Galbraith tale is a great and irresistible publishing story -- but it 's only the second-best I 've ever heard . You may have read about Rowling and Galbraith last week . Rowling , whose Harry Potter books have sold more than 450 million copies , is the most successful author in the world . Galbraith , whose new detective novel "  The Cuckoo 's Calling " had been selling dismally , does n't exist . Rowling is Galbraith . Fast facts : J.K. Rowling She wrote and published "  The Cuckoo 's Calling " under Galbraith 's name , to see what would happen if readers and critics did n't know she was the author . The book received glowing reviews , but few readers purchased a copy . Then , last weekend , the secret was revealed , and "  The Cuckoo 's Calling " zoomed to No. 1 best-seller status . Massive reprintings were ordered . Rowling , in a statement , said , "  It has been wonderful to publish without hype or expectation , and pure pleasure to get feedback under a different name . " Yet top-echelon executives at Rowling 's publisher knew all along that she was Robert Galbraith -- that she had written the book . And they presumably knew that , once the word got out , they would have an enormous and profitable blockbuster on their hands . But what if Robert Galbraith really had been Robert Galbraith ? What if an unknown author by that name had tried to sell "  The Cuckoo 's Calling " to a publisher ? Best-selling female authors with male monikers As good as the book is , would a publisher have taken a chance on it ? Before you answer "  Of course , " consider the case of Chuck Ross -- the protagonist of the most instructive , the most damning , and the most hilarious true story about publishing there ever has been . I interviewed him and reported on his story almost 35 years ago . Ross , in the 1970s , was a young would-be author who was trying with no success to get his first novel published . He was receiving nothing but rejection slips . He wondered whether his writing really was that unappealing , or if publishers were simply turning him down because he was an unknown . So he decided upon a clever , if highly unconventional , way to find out . In those pre-personal-computer days , he sat down at a typewriter and copied every single word of the novel "  Steps , " by Jerzy Kosinski . "  Steps " had won the National Book Award for Fiction in 1969 , had received superlative reviews and was a big best-seller . Once Ross had finished typing up the manuscript , he made sure not to put a title on it . He did put a byline on it : his own . He made copies , and he mailed them off . The recipients were 14 major publishing houses . Four of those houses had published books by Kosinski . One of them had published "  Steps . " The manuscript was turned down by all 14 houses . None realized that it was rejecting "  Steps . " Harcourt Brace Jovanovich , which had published Kosinski 's "  Being There , " wrote to Ross : "  While your prose style is very lucid , the content of the book did n't inspire the level of enthusiasm here that a publisher should have for any book on their list in order to do well by it . " Houghton Mifflin , which had published three of Kosinski 's books , wrote Ross to say that it did not wish to publish what Ross had sent . Not that the editors thought he was a bad writer -- they said they admired his style : "  Jerzy Kosinski comes to mind as a point of comparison when reading the stark , chilly , episodic incidents you have set down . " But , they said in their rejection letter , what Ross had sent them "  does n't add up to a satisfactory whole . It has some very impressive moments , but gives the impression of sketchiness and incompleteness . " They wrote that they would be happy to consider future efforts by him , but that this one just did n't work . Random House , which had published "  Steps , " sent a form letter rejecting the retyped "  Steps . " Ross thought that maybe the problem was that he was submitting his novel -- that is , Kosinski 's novel -- without the assistance of a literary agent . So he sent the manuscript to 13 top agents , asking if they would represent it . Not one of them was interested . Some excerpts from the agents ' rejection letters : "  I 'm afraid the novel 's episodic nature and the lack of strong characterization would not allow this book to compete in a very tough fiction market . " And : "  From the section I read of your untitled novel , it seems too fragmented and dreamlike to be a good commercial bet . " And : "  Thanks for having sent me your untitled novel . You write clearly and well , but I felt that the novel jumped around so much that it did not hold interest , and I would not be the right agent for it . " When Ross went public with what he had done , he expected the publishers and agents to be a little embarrassed that they had turned down a National Book Award-winning novel . But , he told me when I interviewed him at the time , "  I guess not . I went to the American Booksellers Association convention to talk to the publishers about what I did . They all thought that it was very amusing or silly . They agreed that it probably could happen again tomorrow . But the attitude was , ` So what ? ' " As lovely as the J.K. Rowling/Robert Galbraith saga is , what would have made it even better , and turned it into more of a cliffhanger , is if Rowling had gone the Chuck Ross route : If she had , without revealing her identity , sent "  The Cuckoo 's Calling " to publishers cold -- if she had submitted it and let them think that it really was by a novice named Robert Galbraith . Would any of them have snapped it up ? It may be a terrific book -- but so was "  Steps . " And without Kosinski 's name on the manuscript , "  Steps " could n't find a publisher . Or an agent . Even though it had already won the National Book Award . What a business . It 's enough to drive even Harry Potter to drink . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : J.K. Rowling used pseudonym to publish book that did n't sell , but critics liked She was outed as author , sales of the book soared Greene : If publisher had n't known it was Rowling , it would have been a more telling tale He says once an unknown author retyped a famous novel ; no publisher would take it
CNN  -- Poor Steve Ballmer . The burly Microsoft CEO , who announced Friday that he will retire next year , has been the victim of some unfortunate timing . When he took over leadership of Microsoft in 2000 Ballmer had to follow iconic co-founder Bill Gates , who had built the software titan into the most valuable company in the world . Then Ballmer was blindsided by the swift rise of Steve Jobs and Apple , whose iPod , iPhone and iPad led a mobile revolution and made Microsoft appear slow and out of touch . On a more positive note , Ballmer has been credited more recently for re-imagining the company 's core product with the bold Windows 8 operating system and leading a 2013 revival of Microsoft 's once-flagging stock . Under his reign , Microsoft has a mixed record of success with its consumer products . Here 's a look at some of the company 's more notable hits and misses of the Ballmer era . Hits Windows XP -- This version of Microsoft 's desktop operating system was released in 2001 and used on more than 80 % of PCs at its peak . The software also showed surprising staying power : Many IT managers , frustrated by the buggy Microsoft Vista , downgraded to the older but more reliable XP . Today , 12 years after its launch , XP still runs almost 39 % of the world 's desktop computers . Xbox -- Launched in 2001 , the venerable video gaming console and its successor , the Xbox 360 , have sold more than 100 million units . Some blockbuster games , such as the "  Halo " and "  Gears of War " series , are available only for the Xbox . Its Kinect system was hailed as a step forward in motion-control gaming , while Xbox Live , Microsoft 's online multiplayer gaming network , now has more than 46 million members worldwide . Microsoft will release its next-generation console , the Xbox One , in November . Bing -- Ballmer in 2009 introduced Microsoft 's Bing search engine , which drew praise for its attractive visuals and predictive-text features that produced search suggestions before users were done typing queries . It wo n't challenge Google 's dominance any time soon , but Bing has emerged as a credible rival . It has gradually increased in popularity and now commands almost 18 % of the U.S. search engine market . Windows Phone 7  and 7.5  -- With this launch in late 2010 and early 2011 , Microsoft completely rebuilt its mobile operating system from the ground up by adding a more intuitive interface , better social-networking tools and a high-def screen with colorful "  live tiles . " It was a radical move for a company that for years had been playing it safe . Misses Internet Explorer 6 -- This version of Microsoft 's widely used desktop browser was roundly criticized for its security flaws and lack of support for modern Web standards . Zune -- In 2006 , Microsoft finally launched its answer to Apple 's hot-selling iPod . But the clunky Zune line of portable media players never caught on , and by late 2009 their market share had dropped to 2 % . It did n't help that at midnight on December 31 , 2008 , all of Zune 's 30GB models froze up for a day -- a problem with the way the device 's internal clock recognized  or did n't recognize  leap years . Microsoft put the Zune out of its misery in 2011 . Vista -- Released in 2007 , this successor to Windows XP was an immediate dud . Critics complained about its cost , sluggish speed , restrictive licensing terms and how Vista aimed to discourage the copying of protected digital media . One survey of corporate users found only 8 % said they were "  very satisfied " with the operating system . Stung by the reaction , Microsoft rushed out Windows 7 less than three years later . Surface tablets -- Again , Microsoft found itself chasing Apple , this time with a belated attempt to dethrone the market-leading iPad . Launched in October 2012 -- more than two years after the original iPad -- the Surface tablet was Microsoft 's first attempt to integrate its new Windows 8 operating system with its own hardware . Despite some good reviews , the Surface has n't clicked with consumers . Microsoft earned only $ 853 million from the Surface between its launch last fall and the close of the company 's fiscal year -- a small fraction of iPad sales revenue during that time . Said AllThingsD , "  That 's a particularly sad showing for the tablet , given the blustering smack-talk with which Microsoft launched the device . "	Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer announced Friday that he will step down in the next 12 months Under Ballmer 's reign , Microsoft has had a mixed record of success with its products The Xbox console has been a consistent seller , while the now-defunct Zune music player was a dud
CNN  -- While there has been much discussion about the heartburn the new EPA rule on carbon emissions is causing Democrats in this year 's midterms -- especially those from energy producing states -- the person who should be most troubled about the President 's decision is Hillary Clinton . The administration 's new coal rule could singlehandedly give the Republican nominee in 2016 a path to victory in an Electoral College that has been getting more and more difficult for the GOP . States that have trended Democratic can flip back red . Hello Ohio , the GOP has certainly missed your 18 Electoral College votes . Pennsylvania  20 votes  and Michigan  16 votes  had all but turned blue , but with higher utility bills coming to voters before 2016 , both are right back in play for the GOP . Win two of those three states and the Republican wins the White House . Virginia 's 13 electoral votes just got a lot more winnable , too . There is a reason the President did not act so aggressively on his environmental agenda until after his re-election . It would have doomed his campaign . His political advisers responsible for his re-election would have never allowed it . The political folks are gone now and the President does not have to think about things in a political context anymore ; he gets to think about himself and the history books . But what 's a legacy issue for Obama may not be a good thing for Hillary Clinton . To achieve the President 's goal of a 30 % emissions reduction will cost money , a lot of money . Much of the money will come from working families paying higher utility bills in an already difficult economy . Jobs will also be lost as businesses grapple with higher energy costs . The EPA itself estimates electricity costs will increase up to 7 % by 2020 , critics say it will be far higher . The critics will be right on this one . In 2014 , the debate for Senate candidates will be about the prospect of higher utility bills . In 2016 , the debate will be about actual higher utility bills . It will be interesting to see the first presidential poll in Ohio after utility bills spike . If I 'm a Clinton adviser , it is already giving me nightmares . When voter 's utility bills go up , they get mad . Just ask the Labor Party in Australia . They got decimated last year for passing a carbon tax . Just five days before Election Day in 2010 , Labor party Prime Minister Julia Gillard vowed at the National Press Club , "  There will be no carbon tax under the government I lead . " That promise was not kept and a carbon tax went into effect in 2012 . As a result of the carbon tax , Australian utility bills went up over $ 500 per household a year . Public opinion turned on a dime . Gillard was removed from the 2013 ballot by her own party before a sure defeat and was replaced by former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd . It made no difference . Now , on behalf of his legacy and place in history , President Obama and his EPA are going to make things difficult for the left in America in 2014 and beyond . And all Hillary Clinton can do about the EPA rule that is creating an electoral minefield for her 2016 bid is applaud . Clinton can not be critical of the EPA rule or she could risk alienating her base and losing a second nomination fight . The environmentalists are a powerful force in Democratic primary politics , especially on the money side . The 2016 presidential campaign just got a lot more interesting . Michigan and Pennsylvania , welcome back to presidential politics , you are now again swing states . The path to 270 electoral votes for the Republican nominee just got a lot easier . And President Obama may have just denied Hillary Clinton the White House , for a second time . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Dan Ronayne thinks the new carbon emission standards could work against Democrats The rules could push swing states over to the GOP in the 2016 election , he says Ronayne : States like Ohio , Pennsylvania and Michigan could switch from blue to red Win two of those three states and the Republican wins the White House
CNN  -- The northern Pakistani school where a teenage boy died while tackling a suicide bomber last week will be renamed in his honor , a top provincial official announced Monday . The school will be named after Aitazaz Hassan Bangash , the 14-year-old boy who authorities say saved an untold number of fellow students by sacrificing himself at the building 's main gate , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province 's chief minister said during a provincial assembly session . The ninth-grader was on his way to school January 6 in the province 's Hangu district when the bomber , dressed in a school uniform , asked him where the school was , the teen 's cousin Musadiq Ali Bangash said . Aitazaz challenged the bomber and tried to catch him , and the bomb detonated when the two scuffled , the cousin said . Aitazaz and the bomber died at the scene . Witnesses said the blast injured two other people . Iftikhar Ahmed , a Hangu district police officer , confirmed the details of the attack to CNN . Hangu is a troubled district bordering Pakistan 's tribal areas . It is rife with sectarian violence , with attacks against Shia and Sunni Muslims . On Friday , Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif nominated Aitazaz for the Sitara-e-Shujaat -- the country 's top civil award for bravery . The same honor was given to Malala Yousafzai , a Pakistani schoolgirl who survived being shot in the head in 2012 by the Taliban for her efforts to promote education for boys and girls . The award is worth about $ 50,000 to Aitazaz 's family . A separate civilian martyr package provides another $ 5,000 in compensation . CNN 's Saima Mohsin and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Bravery award will give boy 's family about $ 5,000 Pakistani teenage boy died while tackling a suicide bomber School will be named in honor of Aitazaz Hassan Bangash , provincial official says Teen challenged the bomber , and bomb detonated when the two scuffled , relative says
CNN  -- I have interviewed Dominique Strauss-Kahn many times over the years , usually after an international summit or IMF meeting . The agenda at those interviews was the normal stuff of such events ; debt , deficits and dismal economic performance . The prospect of sitting down with the former IMF chief and asking about personal matters relating to his New York arrest seemed unseemly , and even more odd when it was to be juxtaposed with a discussion on the current economic situation . I worried Strauss-Kahn would be too timid in giving strong views on the eurozone crisis , its leaders and the problems facing the global economy . After all , why should a man now regarded as an outcast of scandal be willing to offend people anymore , especially as he was looking to rehabilitate his image ? READ MORE : Two years later , DSK still smarting over ` perp walk ' But Strauss-Kahn is a man of frank views and , even with the best will in the world , he ca n't help but want to express his opinions . He was part of the troika which negotiated the original Greek bailout in 2010 . He says the European Union 's repeated attempts to buy time has been a "  catastrophe , " leading to the Cyprus bailout . That , he added , was "  another disaster . " On the eurozone , he is not afraid to describe the "  crises in leadership " facing the union , where he says there are "  lions led by sheep . " I do n't think he had any particular leader in mind , rather a collective process in Europe built in a way that "  no hard decision can be made . " During the interview , I realize I am speaking with a man who is free of responsibility and not really worried about treading on toes . He knows his place in history will be forever defined by seven minutes in a hotel room in New York and his sexual liaison with a maid there . Charges of rape and sexual misconduct were dismissed after the prosecution admitted the victim involved had a history of lying and was not credible . WATCH : Strauss-Kahn : Europe 's banks are ` sick ' Asking Strauss-Kahn about this is embarrassing ; our interviews until now have always been about economics and financial markets , not arrests and libertine soirees . I try to lighten the moment suggesting there 's no easy way to ask these questions . He recognizes my predicament and quips back : "  There 's no easy way to answer them . " He is ready for what is coming his way . His anger at being paraded in handcuffs before the world 's press is still palpable . "  A most terrible thing ... the perp walk takes place at the moment where you are supposed to be innocent , " he told me . He maintains the events in Suite 2806 are "  private . " The problem is it 's not only the New York incident . Since then , a series of incidents have been revealed involving sexual behavior which suggests gross errors of judgment , not expected of people in high office . "  I agree , I agree , " he tells me . He calls it a "  mistake " to "  believe you could have a public life ... and that you can have a private life . " Opinion : DSK is back - anyone feel sorry for him ? He added : "  I have a problem with understanding what is expected from politicians of highest levels . " For someone who has been in the public eye for several decades , this may seem a remarkable statement . But perhaps not for someone who has been in the cloistered environment of French politics , where private and public are clearly defined and mistresses and "  libertine soirees " are ignored . Listening to Strauss-Kahn talking about the economic dangers ahead is perhaps the most interesting of our time together . After all , he is considered one of the greatest practical economic politicians of our time , bringing together theory and practice . He has a prescient warning about the forthcoming U.S.-EU trade talks . The U.S. wants to "  dominate the world " by setting the standards for trade with agreements both across the Pacific and Atlantic , he says . "  The Europeans should not be that naive . " I am not confident Europe will avoid this fate . Pulling together the strands of our talk , Strauss-Kahn has already said that the EU can not make a decent collective decision . He does n't take it this far , but I suspect he believes those sheep leading the union will lead to a trade slaughter . Our agreed time of half an hour has passed far too quickly . I am left with the impression of a man who has discovered who his friends are and is now finding out what he wants to do next . He says politics does not feature in that future . He is quite clear that he will not run for the French presidency . When asked , he says : "  No , no . " It could not be clearer . Strauss-Kahn is charming , witty , candid and perhaps cunning . He carries himself with the air of a man unafraid of his life 's next twist . He knows some people will shun him and he says he respects their view . But he also believes there are those who will seek his help and advice . And for them he is ready to serve , politics be damned .	CNN 's Richard Quest has interviewed Dominique Strauss-Kahn many times , but this time the agenda was different Quest discovered Strauss-Kahn was a man who had struggled with aspects of public life Strauss-Kahn knew his place in history would be defined by his sexual liaison with a maid in New York But , after being hit by scandal , Strauss-Kahn is unafraid of his life 's next twist
CNN  -- Casey Anthony 's fate keeps changing . Two years ago , her murder trial for the death of her toddler riveted the country , ending with Anthony 's dramatic acquittal . But she was convicted on four counts of lying to authorities . On Friday , an appeals court threw out two of those convictions . Now , the 26-year-old has filed for bankruptcy , citing almost $ 800,000 in liabilities . And her legal struggles are far from over . Bankruptcy motive questioned Anthony sought Chapter 7 protection in a federal court in Tampa on Friday , soon after the appeals court ruling . Such a filing is meant to allow one to do away with most existing debts and make a fresh start financially . In the documents , Anthony says she owes almost $ 800,000 to about 80 creditors , and she has no income . She is also defending herself against several civil lawsuits , including a defamation suit from Zenaida Fernandez-Gonzalez , who claims Anthony ruined her reputation . In 2008 , Anthony told an investigator the last time she saw her 2-year-old daughter Caylee was when she dropped Caylee off at Gonzalez 's apartment . Gonzalez 's attorney , Matt Morgan , told CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 he believes the bankruptcy filing is an attempt to postpone the case . "  This most recent filing appears to be yet another calculated delay tactic , " Morgan said . "  We are not deterred and will stay the course . " But an attorney for Anthony told the affiliate his client is distraught that she ca n't pay her legal fees . "  To some extent she feels , she feels bad that she 's having to have all these legal services provided to her and she is unable to compensate anyone , " Andy Chmelir said . "  So she wants closure more than anything else . " What she has and what she owes Anthony listed about $ 1,000 in personal property , according to court documents obtained by News 13 . The listed property values include : - Cash on hand : $ 474 - Furniture and laptop : $ 200 - Jewelry : $ 200 - Clothing and accessories : $ 100 The documents also list people that might have a claim against Anthony , which includes her mother and consultants that helped in her criminal case , News 13 reported . Claims listed in the filing include : - Jose Baez , the lead defense attorney during Anthony 's trial : $ 500,000 - Orange County Sheriff 's Office : $ 145,660.21 - Internal Revenue Service : $ 68,540 - Cindy and George Anthony , her parents : Unknown amounts Anthony : "  We keep fighting " after two convictions tossed The filing came the same day Florida 's 5th District Court of Appeal threw out two of Anthony 's four convictions of lying to authorities as they investigated the disappearance of Caylee . The appeals judges agreed with Anthony 's argument that the multiple convictions amounted to double jeopardy . But the judges upheld the other two convictions . According to Friday 's court filing , the appeals judges rejected Anthony 's claim that statements she made before being read her Miranda rights should not have been allowed in the trial . And they rejected her argument that the state statute she was convicted of violating is unconstitutionally vague . Attorney Cheney Mason said when he called his client to share the ruling that two of the four convictions had been overturned , Anthony said , "  We keep fighting . " Anthony could appeal the remaining two convictions to the Florida Supreme Court next . Caylee Anthony 's death and the emotional trial In an internationally publicized case , Anthony was tried in 2011 and acquitted of murder charges in the death of Caylee . The child was last seen June 16 , 2008 , but was not reported missing until July 15 , 2008 , when Casey Anthony 's mother tracked her daughter down and demanded answers about Caylee 's whereabouts . Investigators searched for the child for five months , eventually finding Caylee 's skeletal remains in woods less than a mile from her grandparents ' Orlando home . Read how Anthony 's prosecutor has no regrets When questioned early in the investigation , Casey Anthony admitted to police that she had n't seen Caylee for more than 30 days , and on July 16 , 2008 , she was arrested on suspicion of child neglect , filing false official statements and obstructing a criminal investigation . After almost three years of legal maneuvers , Anthony 's capital murder trial began on May 24 , 2011 . Prosecutors alleged that she killed Caylee by using chloroform and covering her nose and mouth with duct tape , and that she put her body in the trunk of her car before dumping it in the woods . Defense attorney Jose Baez argued that Caylee drowned in the Anthony family pool on June 16 , 2008 , and that Casey Anthony and her father , George , covered up the death . Watch : A year after trial , where 's Anthony ? On July 5 , 2011 , a jury found Anthony not guilty of first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and aggravated manslaughter of a child , while convicting her on the four "  false information " counts . Anthony was sentenced to four years in jail , to be served consecutively . But with her time in jail as she awaited trial counting against the jail terms , she was released 10 days after her sentencing . CNN 's Mark Morgenstein and In Session 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Anthony lists about $ 1,000 in personal property and almost $ 800,000 in liabilities The filing came the same day two of her four convictions for lying were thrown out Anthony was acquitted in the death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee Attorney : Anthony feels bad that she ca n't pay legal fees ; another attorney questions her motive
Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson said he is frustrated and expects to have a plan in place to take "  personnel actions " against employees responsible for manipulating patient wait lists at one VA medical center by the end of this week . He would n't identify the location of the center , but said it is not the Phoenix facility that has been at the epicenter of a wait-list scandal . Gibson , the top official of the Department of Veterans Affairs , said the investigation process "  takes a long time . And nobody is more frustrated about that than I am . " He added that investigators at the Office of Inspector General are on the ground at more than 70 locations , and he needs to wait for each investigation to be complete before anyone can be fired . The investigations came after months of CNN reports on deadly delays for veterans waiting for care at VA hospitals . Gibson was put in place temporarily after the ensuing firestorm forced the resignation of the former VA secretary , Eric Shinseki . Gibson said he believes the behavior of VA employees has begun to change across the nation , but he wants to hold accountable the individuals responsible for fraudulent practices as soon as possible . "  Until people actually see those consequences I think they still do n't trust it 's a serious thing , " Gibson said . "  I want to set the tone . " Gibson spoke to CNN outside a hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs on Wednesday ; the acting secretary described an ongoing culture within the VA of faulty scheduling , long wait times , retaliation against whistle-blowers and lack of accountability for the leaders who have perpetuated these issues . In order to curb these failures , Gibson requested $ 17.6 billion over the next three years to hire 10,000 doctors and medical providers , pay for private health care appointments and increase the agency 's infrastructure to meet veterans ' needs . "  I believe in as little as two years , the conversation can change , " Gibson said , indicating his confidence that his proposed solutions can transform the VA. . About $ 10 billion of the requested funds would cover the costs of additional VA staff and private care for veterans while about $ 6 billion would pay for new clinics and medical space , Gibson said . Sen. Mike Johanns , R-Nebraska , challenged Gibson 's request for additional funds , however , noting that Congress repeatedly approved more money at the request of former VA Secretary Eric Shinseki in years past , yet the backlog of appointments persisted . Highlighting the severity of the issues , the committee 's chairman , Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vermont , said more than 600,000 veterans are still waiting at least a month for appointments and about 8,000 are waiting at least four months . "  What are the legitimate needs ? What are the real needs facing the 22 million veterans in this country ? " Sanders asked . "  We have an immediate crisis . " The Veterans Health Administration has reached out to more than 160,000 veterans to get them off wait lists and into medical centers , Gibson said , but he added that the VA needs to take drastic steps to restore trust with veterans and the American public at large . Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut , said he has called for a criminal investigation by the Department of Justice into allegations that VA leaders intentionally manipulated patients ' appointments . "  I do think that criminal responsibility has to be applied if there was ... destruction of documents , fraud in reporting , " Blumenthal said . Gibson told senators on Wednesday that he will not tolerate retaliation against whistle-blowers , but a panel of VA employees told the House Committee on Veterans Affairs last week that the threat of retaliation continues to silence individuals who have knowledge of wrongdoing . After Shinseki 's resignation , President Obama nominated the former chief executive of Procter & Gamble Co. and West Point graduate , Bob McDonald , to lead the VA. . McDonald will face a Senate confirmation hearing next week .	Workers responsible for manipulating patient wait lists at one center face action 70 locations being investigated , VA boss says He will wait for each investigation to be complete before anyone can be fired
CNN  -- Lyon scored a late equalizer against Real Madrid to deny Karim Benzema a victorious return to his old club on Tuesday , while Chelsea moved towards a place in the Champions League quarterfinals with victory at Copenhagen . Claude Puel 's Lyon team are now unbeaten in seven encounters with Real in Europe 's top club competition . Nine-time European champions Real had lost in three previous visits to the Stade de Gerland , and last season were knocked out of the competition at the last-16 stage for the sixth year in a row after losing the first leg 1-0 . But this time , with Champions League-winning coach Jose Mourinho at the helm , the Spanish club have a better chance to end that poor run in next month 's home leg after striker Benzema scored a vital away goal in France . The 23-year-old , who has struggled to win a regular place since his $ 50 million signing in 2009 , was named as a substitute despite netting in Saturday 's La Liga win over Levante . But he made an instant impact after replacing on-loan Togo forward Emmanuel Adebayor in the 64th minute -- within 60 seconds he burst into the area and poked a low shot over the line despite a desperate attempt to clear by Cris . "  At home , in the first leg , we would have preferred them not to score , " Puel told reporters . "  It 's a bit of a shame , especially because we played a great first half . " However , Lyon captain Cris made a vital contribution to last season 's semifinalists ' 83rd-minute leveler when he rose highest to head a deflected free-kick into the path of France striker Bafetimbi Gomis , who calmly volleyed past goalkeeper Iker Casillas . Gomis made amends for a poor first-half miss , having blazed a shot over the crossbar with the goal at his mercy in the 34th minute . Real will be left to rue two efforts that hit the woodwork five minutes after the break . First Cristiano Ronaldo smashed a free-kick against the far post following a booking to Lyon midfielder Michel Bastos that ruled the Brazilian out of the match at the Santiago Bernabeu on March 16 . Then defender Sergio Ramos , who had just narrowly missed glancing in Ronaldo 's curled effort , headed against the crossbar from Mesut Ozil 's corner . "  In the second half we managed to find spaces and , to begin with , we were closer to a second goal than Lyon were to an equalizer , " Mourinho told reporters . "  But it sets things up well for the second leg , where we will hope to qualify in front of our supporters . " Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti dropped striker Didier Drogba for the trip to Denmark , meaning $ 80 million signing Fernando Torres returned after being ineligible for the English FA Cup defeat by Everton on Saturday . But it was France forward Nicolas Anelka who stole the headlines with both goals in a 2-0 victory over Copenhagen , who were playing for the first time since December 5 due to the Danish winter break . Anelka broke the deadlock in the 17th minute with an opportunist effort after a loose pass by former Chelsea player Jesper Gronkjaer from near the halfway line gave the 31-year-old space to surge forward and drill a low shot past goalkeeper Johan Wiland . He was again on target nine minutes after the interval , firing his seventh goal of the competition this season from Frank Lampard 's pass . He made way for Drogba in the 74th minute , then almost immediately Torres had a shot cleared off the line as Chelsea went on to complete a first win since February 1 to lift some of the pressure on Ancelotti ahead of the second leg at Stamford Bridge . Spain World Cup winner Torres is still looking for his first goal since leaving Liverpool three weeks ago and endured another frustrating night . "  He played very , very well , " the Italian said . "  The key to this game was the work the strikers did , always dangerous . Torres was unlucky he did n't score , but had a fantastic game . " Chelsea 's chances of qualifying for next season 's Champions League were boosted on Tuesday night when London rivals Tottenham suffered a 3-1 defeat at lowly Blackpool in the English Premier League . Tottenham , who beat AC Milan in the Champions League last week , would have gone third above Manchester City with victory but instead remained two points clear of fifth-placed Chelsea -- who now have a game in hand . Blackpool captain Charlie Adam , who almost joined Tottenham on the last day of the January transfer window , opened the scoring with an 18th-minute penalty and striker D.J. Campbell continued his scoring run with the second goal just before halftime . Substitute Brett Ormerod made it 3-0 with 10 minutes to play , while Russia striker Roman Pavlyuchenko scored a consolation in time added on with a deflected long-range effort as he started in place of San Siro match-winner Peter Crouch . The victory lifted Blackpool into 12th place , five points above the relegation zone . Chelsea 's aspirations face a big test next Tuesday at home to Premier League leaders Manchester United , who have a 12-point advantage over Ancelotti 's defending champions and can extend that at Wigan on Saturday .	Bafetimbi Gomis scores with seven minutes left to give Lyon a 1-1 draw Real Madrid took the lead through former Lyon striker Karim Benzema Nicolas Anelka scores both goals as Chelsea win 2-0 away to Copenhagen Chelsea 's hopes of qualifying next year boosted as Premier League rivals Tottenham lose
London  CNN  -- For years the practice by television companies during the 1960s of erasing videotapes containing original episodes of classic shows has frustrated fans . But every so often , a long-lost treasure is found in an attic or at the back of a garage to revive their faith . Now it 's the turn of devotees of the time-travelling alien adventure TV show "  Doctor Who , " who were on Monday enthusing on Twitter about the discovery of two episodes that were believed to have been wiped long ago . Tapes of the two BBC shows , "  Galaxy 4 part three " starring William Hartnell and "  The Underwater Menace part two " with Patrick Troughton , were bought at a school fete by former TV engineer Terry Burnett in the 1980s . He kept them at home for many years , and was only recently alerted to the fact that the BBC did not own them . The footage was shown at the British Film Institute 's annual "  Missing Believed Wiped " event at the National Film Theatre in London hosted by actor Mark Gatiss . He said : "  Christmas has come early for Doctor Who fans everywhere , " according to the Radio Times . "  It 's always wonderful when a missing episode turns up but it 's been years since the last one so to have two is just brilliant . Add to that a proper bit of action from the legendary Chumblies  and the horrifying Rills !  plus the utterly mesmeric Patrick Troughton on great form . Well , what more could we all ask for ? " On Twitter , fans were similarly euphoric about the rediscovered episodes , which date from the mid-60s . JP LeBreton said : "  Recovering lost Dr Who eps that broadcast 47 years ago and bounced off stuff in deep space : coolest thing possible . " Broadcasters started to record TV programs for transmission in the late 1950s , but because videotape was so expensive , they were wiped clean for reuse afterwards . Because of this more than 100 episodes of "  Doctor Who " from the 1960s were lost . The latest discoveries are the first complete episodes to be rediscovered since 2004 . Details of any commercial release for the rediscovered episodes will be announced next year .	Two episodes of "  Doctor Who " believed to have been erased in 1960s are discovered Footage shown at British Film Institute 's annual "  Missing Believed Wiped " event Broadcasters recorded TV programs in late 1950s , but videotape was usually wiped
CNN  -- Libya today is a free Libya , but also a Libya plagued by a sad and violent history , a Libya that has not been able to progress for 42 years . Basic education , health care and infrastructure are integral to Libya 's success and its future . But art and culture can be and should be a huge part of the healing process as well as future development . By integrating art and culture into the core efforts at transition from Moammar Gadhafi 's ruinous rule , we can transcend part of the trauma of war and violence and create a distinct national identity , free of speculation as to old tribal or political allegiances and accepting of the whole of Libyan society . The ruins of Leptis Magna , Sabrata , Cyrene  also called Shahhat  and all the other incredible remnants of Libya 's rich history can be an example of the glory of Libya 's past -- but also its hope for the future . Libya 's possibilities are often measured by way of its abundant natural resources , but the revolution this past year has put in perspective Libya 's truest and greatest assets : the courageous Libyan people , their rich multifaceted culture , and the ideals with which they wish to make their place in this world , challenging power that at times has seemed absolute . This was what my father and family tried to articulate to me as a child , growing up in exile . Libyan culture has a long and storied history , dating back to ancient times , influenced by a variety of traditions and peoples who have made their way across the deserts of Cyrenaica , Tripolitania and Fezzan . The majestic ruins that run along the coastline are testament to this history . As I arrived to these sites , seeing the monuments of the Roman and ancient Greek civilizations beside the Mediterranean , I was struck by the ageless beauty of Sabratha , Leptis Magna and Cyrene . But as an art world professional , I was also struck by the lack of preservation surrounding the ruins . Global Heritage Fund is a nonprofit organization that works to preserve cultural sites around the world . GHF projects in Cyrene and Apollonia have stalled as a result of the revolution , but the group has renewed its efforts with the new Libya . GHF has done its utmost to involve Libyans . Students from the universities of Benghazi and Baida were and will be involved in the conservation efforts in the framework of their archaeology management studies . I 've recently been appointed to help GHF set up its Libyan Heritage Trust . We hope that as Libya prospers and grows , the government will recognize the importance of these sites , as a possible boon to the tourism industry but also as a source of economic diversification and patriotic reconciliation . I began working in the art world in 2005 after completing my education at Brown University and the London School of Economics , and my first full-time job was really because of Libya . I worked as a project coordinator for renowned artists Ilya and Emilia Kabakov 's Ship of Siwa , a nonprofit project that brings international artists to Siwa , Egypt , to interact with the local population and produce ephemeral work that is more about creating an experience than an object . Siwa is a mystical desert oasis , possibly home to Alexander the Great 's lost army and Cleopatra 's healing waters . Its proximity to the Libyan border was a huge draw to me . As my family was not allowed to go back to Libya , the closest I had been to Libya at that point was Cairo , so being able to see the rolling dunes crisscrossing the border was an opportunity I could n't pass up . In the end , it was a serendipitous event for me , as I fell in love with the art world and I have since devoted my time , both personal and professional , to helping the development and evolution of arts in the Middle East . I hope that Libya 's development will usher in new forms of expression , and I look forward to seeing how that newfound expression will find its place in the visual arts . I anticipate celebrating contemporary art alongside the ancient monuments and illustrating that Libya can show its maturity , but also its innovation and creativity . Although suffering from a severe deficit of social and physical infrastructure , Libya today is free from tyrannical rule . Its people have the opportunity to design a fit-for-purpose political system , which takes into account Libya 's diverse peoples , tribes and cultures , creating a unique national identity . All Libyans can be proud of Leptis Magna . All Libyans can be proud of their cultural heritage . And through concerted efforts to integrate arts education in to schools and everyday life and preserve these historical sites , this can indeed be a reality . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alia Al-Senussi .	Arts and culture are key to healing in Libya , Alia Al-Senussi writes One of Libya 's greatest assets is its courageous people , she says LIbyans can celebrate contemporary art alongside its ancient monuments , she says All Libyans can take pride in their cultural heritage , Al-Senussi writes
CNN  -- Chris Froome retained the yellow jersey on a day of toil and trouble as Ireland 's Dan Martin won the ninth stage of the Tour de France . Sky Team rider Froome , who has a one minute and 25 second lead over his closest challenger , was forced to battle on his own as his teammates failed to give him adequate protection . Richie Porte lost his grip on second place overall after finishing more than 17 minutes adrift , while Vasili Kiryienka was swept up by a broom wagon and is unlikely to feature in the remainder of the Tour . There was also misery for Peter Kennaugh , who suffered bruising after falling from his bike -- an incident which left Froome wide open to attack on all fronts . "  This was one of the hardest days I have ever had on the bike , " Froome told reporters . "  I had no-one else with me . I am really happy I have come through today . I was completely on my own , I had  sporting director  Nicolas Portal in the car telling me not to worry . " Martin , the nephew of great Irish cyclist Stephen Roche , won the long descent to Bagneres-de-Bigorre with Froome following home 20 seconds later in a pack which included rivals Alejandro Valverde and Alberto Contador . Team Sky principal Dave Brailsford revealed his surprise at seeing his team struggle with Porte 's failure particularly difficult for him to comprehend . "  That was a bit of a surprise , it is not often we 've seen Richie have a day like that , " Brailsford said . "  He fought for a long time and he was n't that far back , but eventually you have to think about the future of the race and not just today . "  It was increasingly clear we were going to keep the jersey so there was no need to dig really deep . "  It was better that he sat up and saved himself . " Garmin-Sharp 's Martin is the first Irishman to win a stage since Roche won stage 16 of the 1992 Tour in La Bourboule . "  We just wanted to have fun today , " the 26-year-old told reporters . "  We love racing bikes and making racing exciting for people at home . "  If we win , we win , if we do n't , we make a good show . I think it was a very exciting stage and luckily I had the legs to finish the job . "	Ireland 's Dan Martin won Sunday 's ninth stage Team Sky 's Chris Froome retains yellow jersey Froome left to fend for himself after team failure Froome leads field by one minute and 25 seconds
CNN  -- World number one Novak Djokovic is into the quarterfinals of the Western and Southern Open after beating the Czech Republic 's Radek Stepanek 6-3 6-3 in Cincinnati . Djokovic , 24 , had his serve broken on three occasions by Stepanek , ranked 29 in the world , but recovered to seal victory with his first match point at the Lindner Family Tennis Center . "  There are periods of the match where I serve okay and then periods where I serve very bad , but that 's okay , " the Serb , who has now won 55 matches this season , told the ATP Tour 's web site . "  It all happens . I played so many matches , and they caught up to me a little bit . It 's expected that some part of my game is not working 100 per cent . " Can anybody stop Novak and Serena ? The three-time grand slam winner will face French number one Gael Monfils in the last eight , after the 24-year-old defeated Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-2 6-2 . Rafael Nadal , the man Djokovic replaced as world number one , emerged victorious from a marathon encounter with his compatriot Fernando Verdasco . Nadal , a 10-time major winner , eventually sealed his 12th career success against Verdasco 7-6  7-5  6-7  7-4  7-6  11-9  in three hours and 38 minutes . "  You enjoy always a good match , " reflected Verdasco , who forced Nadal to five match points . "  But when you lose in this way , of course it 's not easy , because it could have been a big win . " American number one Mardy Fish will be Nadal 's opponent in the next round ; after the seventh seed registered a 7-5 7-5 win over French 12th seed Richard Gasquet . Roger Federer , who beat Fish in last year 's final , continued his quest for a record fifth Western and Southern Open crown with a 6-4 6-1 triumph over wildcard James Blake . "  Against James it 's always a fast paced match from start to finish , " 16-time major champion Federer said . "  You hope you get on a roll and he does n't . "  I was able to counter his attacking style . I was able to play clean on my service games . In the second set he did n't play so well , and the score line shows that . " Federer 's last eight opponent will be Czech Tomas Berdych , who eased past Nicolas Almagro 6-2 6-2 . British number one Andy Murray is safely through courtesy of a straight-sets 6-2 7-5 victory over American qualifier Alex Bogomolov Junior . Murray , beaten by Djokovic in January 's Australian Open final , will play 10th seed Gilles Simon for a place in the semifinals . World number 12 Simon earned his place in the quarterfinals by beating Spain 's David Ferrer 6-4 6-7  7-3  6-4 .	World number one Novak Djokovic is into the Western and Southern Open quarterfinals Djokovic defeated Radek Stepanek , and will face Gael Monfils in the last eight Rafael Nadal overcame his compatriot Fernando Verdasco in a marathon encounter 16-time grand slam winner Roger Federer beat American wildcard James Blake British number one Andy Murray set up a quarterfinal against Gilles Simon
CNN  -- After a deadly earthquake and tsunami struck Japan last Friday , response team members from ShelterBox were on the ground within 24 hours . The organization , founded by 2008 CNN Hero Tom Henderson , provides emergency shelter and lifesaving supplies to families affected by disasters . These essentials come in a large , green box that shares the organization 's name . With an initial 600 ShelterBoxes en route to thousands of survivors in northern Japan , Henderson 's group is doing whatever it can to help a country in crisis . Henderson spoke with CNN 's Allie Torgan about nuclear fears and his group 's ongoing efforts in Japan . CNN : How did you mobilize your team into action when you heard about the earthquake ? Tom Henderson : Within minutes , we were moving . We look at our resources , what we 've got available , where our teams are around the world and how quickly we can get people on the ground . We 're fortunate that we 've got boxes positioned in different parts of the world and we 've got our response team members around the world . Within an hour , we were looking at our people going , "  Go jump on an airplane , group together in Tokyo , and let 's get this thing moving . " We had our first people on the ground within 24 hours . There are boxes leaving every day in different numbers . We 've got people monitoring our team on the ground minute by minute . CNN : How are fears of nuclear catastrophe affecting ground operations ? Henderson : Every disaster 's unusual , this particularly so because of the nuclear problem that 's unfolding . We 're monitoring it hour by hour , and we 've got some world experts advising us on what 's happening . We do n't want to put people in harm 's way . We have to take advice from the experts and , of course , there 's an exclusion zone , so we 're not operating in that exclusion zone . Unfortunately , that exclusion zone does encompass a lot of the most-devastated areas . But there 's other work that 's going on , more assessments that are being done and operational things we put in place . Of course , working with the local community , we want to find out  who are  the most needy people . CNN : Reports are out saying that millions of households throughout Japan have no access to safe drinking water . How will ShelterBox address this and other needs ? Henderson : Clean water is becoming a problem , as will food very shortly . In every one of our boxes , we have what we call a family life straw . It 's a water-cleaning device , and it will clean enough water for 10 people for 12 months . You simply pour the dirty water in . It 's a mechanical device -- a filter system that has very clever silver chloride filters and iodine -- and it gives out clean water . That 's included in every one of our boxes . As a situation unfolds and the detail comes back , we coordinate with the local community and find out exactly what is useful . There 's always different  items  in the boxes . The box itself is usually useful . The tent , which is now universally known as one of the best aid tents in the world , is designed to keep people warm when it 's cold and cool when it 's hot . And  there are  state-of-the-art blankets because it 's very cold . CNN : You and your teams have been working nonstop for the last week . What keeps you going ? Henderson : What keeps us going is very simple . It is that desperate need to help people as quickly as we can . And that 's infectious in our organization . There are over a million people in our tents now in over 60 countries around the world in the most difficult conditions . We do n't need any motivation -- the motivation is needy people . We rest between disasters . For more information , visit the ShelterBox website at www.shelterbox.org .	ShelterBox , a disaster relief organization , responded quickly to the catastrophe in Japan The group delivered emergency shelter and lifesaving supplies to thousands of survivors ShelterBox was founded by 2008 CNN Hero Tom Henderson Tsunami aid and relief : How you can help
Washington  CNN  -- The Southwest Airlines jet that skidded down a LaGuardia airport runway on its nose on Monday touched down on its front wheels first , which then collapsed , according to federal accident investigators . The unusual landing , in which investigators said the plane 's nose pitched down seconds before touchdown , is the surest clue yet to explain the accident involving the Boeing 737 that injured several people . The National Transportation Safety Board said on Thursday that video and other sources provide evidence that the nose gear contacted the tarmac before the main wheels . Under a normal landing in a big jet , the main landing gear under each wing would touch the runway first and simultaneously -- absorbing the main stress of landing -- and the nose gear then lowered gradually as the plane decelerates down the runway . That model jet is expected to cross the runway threshold at about 140 knots or 161 mph , according to Boeing figures . Investigators said the pilot evidently adjusted the wing flaps less than a minute before landing , suggesting to veteran pilots who spoke with CNN that the plane may not have been on a stabilized approach as it neared the runway . Landing the way it did "  would potentially have overstressed the nose gear to the point where it would have failed , " said Capt. Mark Weiss , a former 737 pilot and civil aviation leader at The Spectrum Group in Washington . The NTSB said the flaps were set from 30 to 40 degrees about 56 seconds prior to touchdown . "  What this brings into question is whether they were on a stabilized approach to make a normal landing , " Weiss said . The safety board , coincidentally , is looking at whether Asiana Flight 124 , which crashed-landed in San Francisco earlier this month , was also on a stabilized approach . Details released late Thursday about the New York accident show the plane changing its pitch suddenly in the final seconds of flight -- and in a direction opposite than desired . When the plane was just 32 feet in altitude , four seconds before landing , the plane was pitched 2 degrees nose up . At touchdown , the plane was pitched approximately 3 degrees nose down , the safety board said . Video shows the plane careening down the runway , the nose to the pavement , sending up showers of sparks . After touchdown , the aircraft came to a stop within approximately 19 seconds , the NTSB reported . Southwest said in a statement that the landing scenario the NTSB describes from video and other sources "  is not in accordance with our operating procedures . " Word that the landing was unusual could remove suspicion of a mechanical failure . Such a conclusion could have major implications for commercial aviation worldwide , given the 737 's status as the most widely used commercial jet . The company operates only 737s and has more than 600 in its fleet .	Boeing 737 's nose gear collapsed on landing in New York Plane skidded down runway before coming to a stop ; passengers evacuated down slides Several people hurt in incident involving largest domestic airline National Transportation Safety Board investigating ; Southwest
CNN  -- Police have launched an investigation into the death of a 23-year-old man who was killed in a human cannonball stunt gone awry in England , they said Tuesday . The incident occurred during Scott May 's Daredevil Stunt Show at a Kent County showground southeast of London . A man who apparently was fired from a cannon died on Monday after a safety net failed to work , a police statement said . All daredevil stunt shows have been cancelled pending the outcome of the police investigation , the statement said . "  My officers will be looking into this tragic incident to try and establish what happened , " acting chief inspector Steve Griffith said . Health and safety officials from a local government council also are part of the investigation , Griffith said . "  We need to understand why this poor man died so that we can take the appropriate steps , " he said . The victim 's parents have been notified , police said , but his body has not been formally identified and so authorities are not releasing his identify . The stunt show has been touring since 1991 . It features monster trucks , two-wheel driving , fire stunts and car crashes . "  Scott and the team are still reeling with shock and grief over the loss of their colleague and fellow stunt performer in the tragic accident at the show yesterday afternoon , " the show said on its website "  Our thoughts are with his family and friends at this sad time . " David Smith , Jr. , who holds the Guinness Book of World Records entry for distance shot from a cannon -- 59.05 meters , or nearly 194 feet -- said he had not before heard the terminology about a safety net 's failure to engage . He also said careful planning can make the shots less dangerous . Smith , 33 , whose father taught the stunt to his seven children , has been ejected from the barrel of a cannon some 5,000 times . It can be nerve-wracking , the record-holder said , but should not prove disastrous . "  We 've never had a cannon not fire or miss a net , and I mean we 're talking tens of thousands of cannon shots combined between us all , " he told CNN . After 14 years of taking his act across around the world , "  I feel that my cannon shots are probably safer than me driving to the next show -- because I control my environment and I control my equipment . " Still , he acknowledged , "  We 've had some broken bones and stuff . " He expressed condolences to the family of the man who died . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report	Police have launched an investigation into the death of a daredevil who died Monday The incident occurred during Scott May 's Daredevil Stunt Show in England Police say a safety net failed during the stunt All daredevil stunt shows have been cancelled pending the outcome of the investigation
CNN  -- Venus Williams probably wishes she could play more in Dubai . The seven-time grand slam winner claimed her first tennis title in two years and her biggest since Dubai in 2010 after defeating France 's Alize Cornet 63 60 on Saturday . Williams has been hindered by Sjogren 's Syndrome , injuries and is well into her 30s but the older of the tennis playing Williams sisters can seemingly do no wrong in Dubai , stretching her winning streak to 15 matches . She was already in command of the first set at 5-3 but then picked it up a notch , not conceding another game . "  I have had a good week , " Williams , 33 , was quoted as saying by the WTA 's website . "  Everything is falling together pretty much , is all I can say . " Her performance in Dubai has no doubt left her hoping for better results at the majors in 2014 . Williams last reached a grand slam quarterfinal four years ago and her last grand slam title came in 2008 . Cornet was attempting to pull off a rare Williams sisters double after ousting Serena Williams in the semifinals -- only seven players have beaten the siblings in the same tournament . Despite the defeat , she might return to the top 20 in the rankings next week after a five-year gap . "  Alize is playing great , " Williams said . "  I think if she continues to play like that , she 's going to play deep in a lot of tournaments and improve . "  It 's great to see that , because she 's a great addition to the game . She brings so much passion on the court . "  I mean , I was fully expecting to play Serena , so for her to get that win was awesome . "	Venus Williams downs Alize Cornet to win tennis title in Dubai It was the 33-year-old 's biggest title since triumphing in Dubai four years ago Williams owns a 15-match winning streak at the tournament France 's Cornet had upset Serena Williams in Friday 's semifinals
CNN  -- For many people , just a minor surgery can be nerve-wracking . But Dr. Deborah Cohan went into her double mastectomy operation with courage and dance moves . On Tuesday , Cohan , an OB-GYN and a mother of two , went into surgery to have her breasts removed . But before the surgery , she and her medical team threw a pre-op dance party in the operating room at the University of California-San Francisco Medical Center at Mount Zion . The dance video was posted on YouTube on Tuesday and has soared in views , getting attention from more than 250,000 viewers . Commenters on the YouTube page praised Cohan for her courage and joy . In the six-minute video , Cohan and her team dance to Beyonce 's hit single "  Get Me Bodied . " Cohan really shows off her dance moves , shaking and grooving in her surgical gown . The dance party was actually orchestrated by Cohan herself , and posted on CaringBridge , a site that connects friends and family together during a health event . On the site , Cohan created a page called Deborah 's Healing Journey , where she detailed her flash mob plans . "  My fantasy is for you to play the song ... and dance wherever you happen to be , " Cohan wrote on her CaringBridge site . She also requested friends and family to send photos and videos of themselves dancing to the song . "  I have visions of a healing video montage . Nothing brings me greater joy than catalyzing others to dance , move , be in their bodies . Are you with me people ? " The UCSF Medical Center at Mount Zion says Cohan was discharged from the hospital on Wednesday .	Deborah Cohan and her surgical team videotaped their dance before her surgery She encouraged friends to dance to the same song at the same time Viewers online are praising Cohan for her courage and inspiration
CNN  -- Desperately seeking Secretariat . We could use a new you . A superhorse to make our hearts pound the way your hooves did . A four-legged stud to give us a break from cheating golfers , dog-torturing football quarterbacks and doped-up bike racers and baseball sluggers . Kentucky Derby day is upon us again . It has been 40 years since you , Big Red -- hey , no one who knew you called you Secretariat -- took the Derby , then the Preakness , then the Belmont Stakes  by a ludicrous 31 lengths  for what we like to call horse racing 's Triple Crown . Incredibly , in all three races -- I repeat , ALL THREE -- Secretariat still owns the fastest time . After he died in 1989 , they discovered Big Red 's heart to be more than twice the normal size . This handsome chestnut was half colt , half Ferrari ... a mean , russet running machine . Watch Secretariat 's historic Belmont race A horse is a horse ? Of course , of course , yet not a one has won a Triple Crown since 1978 , when Affirmed did it . And no steed in lo these 40 years has had anything close to Secretariat 's popularity , pizzazz and -- OK , I got ta do it -- animal magnetism . Saturday afternoon , it 's time for yet another wild mid-Eastern roundup . An equine chorus line of toddler-seeking-tiara 3-year-olds will be saddled up in Louisville for the 139th running of the Kentucky Derby , a horse race so old , the first one was run 10 years after the Kentucky-bred Abe Lincoln got assassinated . Place your bets . Verrazano ? Goldencents ? Orb ? Oxbow ? Overanalyze ? Itsmyluckyday , maybe ? They 'll be at the post , barring late scratches , with quite a few others for the Run for the Roses , so it 's definitely going to be somebody 's lucky day . Is there a Secretariat in the bunch ? A magnificent nag who will make tongues wag in the months ahead ? A horse that can give the sport of thoroughbred racing a badly needed golden goose ? A way to change the sports-fan conversation from the usual MLB , NBA , NCAA , NHL , PGA , NASCAR blah blah blah ? I sure do hope so . But do n't hold your breath . Bleacher Report : Kentucky Derby coverage Consider the track record of the Kentucky Derby 's past nine winners : • I 'll Have Another  2012  , Hurt , scratched from Belmont , has not run another race . • Animal Kingdom  2011  , Hurt after Belmont , did not run again in 2011 . • Super Saver  2010  , never won again , retired in October 2010 . • Mine That Bird  2009  , never won again , retired in November 2010 . • Big Brown  2008  , retired in October ' 08 . • Street Sense  2007  , retired in October ' 07 . • Barbaro  2006  , Hurt in Preakness , never ran another race . • Giacomo  2005  , won one more race , retired in ' 06 . • Smarty Jones  2004  , lost in Belmont , never ran again . Kings for a day , for a fortnight , for a few weeks . Then no more . Each cashed a ticket in the I Won The Derby lottery , but that 's about it . In , out . What we 're looking for is a horse that can run and keep running , let us go see him do his thing .  And I do n't mean pet him in a pasture after he 's put out to stud . We want a horse for the ages , a winged Pegasus to become the subject of myths . Secretariat went to the post only a few months more after donning his Triple Crown , but at least crowds did get to come out and see him race at Arlington Park , at Saratoga , at Belmont again , even in Toronto before he was free to go sire baby Secretariats .  Whoa , Big Red ! Seabiscuit did n't run in a Kentucky Derby , but he definitely had the kind of super-popularity I mean . For his match race with War Admiral in 1933 , they say 40,000 came to the track while 40 million tuned in on the radio . Now there 's an A-list star . We nearly had another in Smarty Jones a few years back . I was on Long Island when his run in the 2004 Belmont drew an astounding crowd of 120,139 , which they say to this day is the largest crowd ever to attend a New York sporting event of any kind . Smarty was a party . He was undefeated . But he got caught from behind that day at the wire and then hung up his horseshoes for good . That swift little colt could have become 10 times the size of Taylor Swift , and I do n't mean on a scale . He could have been a cover model for American Bridle , had a hundred thousand followers at any track in America and a million on Twitter . We were a little giddy over I 'll Have Another a year ago , after he won the Derby and Preakness , but his humans withdrew him from the Belmont at the last minute . I 'll Have Another never had another . He 'd had enough . Check , please . Horse racing ai n't what it used to be . So many great tracks of old , gone . Bay Meadows , Bowie , Garden State , Hialeah , Longacres , Narragansett , so many more , open no more . Attendance at our surviving tracks is way down , coast-to-coast . Lines at the $ 2 windows are n't usually too long . On the other hand ... "  People can now sit on their couch and watch -- and bet -- on races , eliminating the need to go to the track or even to a wagering facility , " said Bob Mieszerski , long one of America 's top turf writers and handicappers who is now director of publicity at California 's Hollywood Park . "  I still believe the on-track experience is special , but in this day and age of traffic and high gas prices , I understand why people do n't want to make the trek to the track . " Churchill Downs will have its usual huge throng Saturday , with TV ratings to match . So would n't it be swell if a superhorse could ride to racing 's rescue ? "  A superhorse may spark interest for awhile , " Mieszerski respectfully disagreed , "  but I have never agreed with those who believe a Triple Crown winner is going to be some magic elixir for whatever ails racing . The Kentucky Derby is a spectacle , and a lot of people who could n't care less about racing will show up just to say that they were there . The same goes for TV . " Probably , Bob . I still feel a superhorse could pack 'em in at the track , from Aqueduct to Santa Anita , from Thistledown to Oaklawn , from Gulfstream to Del Mar , if we were given a chance to jump in our cars and go see the animal everybody 's talking about , the Next Secretariat . Two bucks on Orb for me , please . I feel lucky .	It 's been 40 years since Secretariat won the Triple Crown No horse has won the Triple Crown since Affirmed in 1978 Despite lack of "  superhorses , " interest in Kentucky Derby is still high Race will be run Saturday
WIRED  -- The wind blowing through the streets of Manhattan could n't power the city , but wind machines placed thousands of feet above the city theoretically could . A prototype of a high-altitude wind turbine made by Magenn Power . The first rigorous , worldwide study of high-altitude wind power estimates that there is enough wind energy at altitudes of about 1,600 to 40,000 feet to meet global electricity demand a hundred times over . The very best ground-based wind sites have a wind-power density of less than 1 kilowatt per square meter of area swept . Up near the jet stream above New York , the wind power density can reach 16 kilowatts per square meter . The air up there is a vast potential reservoir of energy , if its intermittency can be overcome . Even better , the best high-altitude wind-power resources match up with highly populated areas including North America 's Eastern Seaboard and China 's coastline . "  The resource is really , really phenomenal , " said Christine Archer of Cal State University-Chico , who co-authored a paper on the work published in the open-access journal Energies . "  There is a lot of energy up there , but it 's not as steady as we thought . It 's not going to be the silver bullet that will solve all of our energy problems , but it will have a role . " For centuries , we 've been using high-density fossil fuels , but peaking oil supplies and climate concerns have given new life to green technologies . Unfortunately , renewable energy is generally diffuse , meaning you need to cover a lot of area to get the energy you want . So engineers look for renewable resources that are as dense as possible . On that score , high-altitude wind looks very promising . Wind 's power -- energy which can be used to do work like spinning magnets to generate electricity -- varies with the cube of its speed . So , a small increase in wind speed can lead to a big increase in the amount of mechanical energy you can harvest . High-altitude wind blows fast , is spread nicely across the globe , and is easier to predict than terrestrial wind . These properties have led inventors and scientists to cast their hopes upward , where strong winds have long been known to blow , as Etzler 's dreamy quote shows . During the energy shocks of the 1970s , when new energy ideas of all kinds were bursting forth , engineers and schemers patented several designs for harnessing wind thousands of feet in the air . The two main design frameworks they came up with are still with us today . The first is essentially a power plant in the sky , generating electricity aloft and sending it down to Earth via a conductive tether . The second is more like a kite , transmitting mechanical energy to the ground , where generators turn it into electricity . Theoretically , both approaches could work , but nothing approaching a rigorous evaluation of the technologies has been conducted . The Department of Energy had a very small high-altitude wind program , which produced some of the first good data about the qualities of the wind up there , but it got axed as energy prices dropped in the 1980s and Reagan-era DOE officials directed funds elsewhere . The program has n't been restarted , despite growing attention to renewables , but that 's not because it 's considered a bad idea . Rather , it is seen as just a little too far out on the horizon . "  We 're very much aimed these days at things that we can fairly quickly commercialize , like in the next 10 years or so , " said National Renewable Energy Laboratory spokesperson George Douglas . Startups like KiteGen , Sky Windpower , Magenn , and Makani  Google 's secretive fundee  have come into the space over the last several years , and they seem to be working on much shorter timelines . "  We are not that far from working prototypes , " Archer said , though she noted that the companies are all incredibly secretive about the data from their testing . Magenn CFO Barry Monette said he expects "  first revenue " next year when they sell "  two to four " working prototypes of their blimpy machine , which will operate at much lower altitudes . "  We do think that we 're going to be first -LSB- to market -RSB- , unless something happens , " Monette said . In the long term , trying to power entire cities with machines like this would be difficult , largely because even in the best locations , the wind will fail at least 5 percent of the time . "  This means that you either need backup power , massive amounts of energy storage , or a continental - or even global-scale electricity grid to assure power availability , " said co-author Ken Caldeira , an ecologist at Stanford University . "  So , while high-altitude wind may ultimately prove to be a major energy source , it requires substantial infrastructure . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Study : Wind machines placed thousands of feet above New York could power the city Enough wind energy exists at high altitudes to meet global demand 100 times over A kite-like device could transmit energy to generators that turn it into electricity Startups are developing turbines , although they are still in the prototype stage
CNN  -- Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic maintained their title charges in Tokyo and Beijing with quarterfinal victories by contrasting routes Friday . Murray was extended to three sets in beating Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka for this 50th win on the ATP Tour this year and the 10th in a row . Djokovic needed less than an hour to beat Austria 's Juergen Melzer 6-1 6-2 at one of his favorite venues . He won the China Open title in 2009 and 2010 but did not defend his crown last year . The Serbian , beaten by Murray to lose his U.S. Open crown last month , converted all four of his break points and fired 12 aces in a near flawless display . "  The serve was great tonight . It 's one of the best serving matches I have had in my career , so that 's a positive sign . I will try to keep on going , " he told the official ATP Tour website . Djokovic will play Germany 's Florian Mayer as he bids to reach his ninth final on tour this year . Spain 's Feliciano Lopez will play third seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France in the other semifinal Saturday . In the women 's draw , Li Na beat defending champion Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland 6-4 6-2 to secure reach the semifinals and seal her place in the season-ending WTA Championships in Istanbul . Top seed Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova are also in the last four . World No. 3 Murray looked set to wrap up an easy win over Wawrinka , one of his victims as he won Olympic gold in London , when he took the first set with two breaks of service . But Wawrinka hit back to force a decider before the Britain pulled away again with two more breaks to wrap up the match in two hours 50 minutes . He will face Milos Raonic of Canada for a place in the final . The Canadian , beaten by Murray in the fourth round at the U.S. Open , saved a match point before beating Janko Tipsarevic 6-7 6-2 7-6 . "  I 'll try to do what I did in New York . I got a lot of returns in play . Once I was in the point , I was able to dictate a lot of them so I 'll try and do the same tomorrow , " Murray said as he looked forward to their last four clash . Home hopes were kept alive by eighth seed Kei Nishikori , who became the first Japanese player to reach the semifinals of their home open . He upset second seed Tomas Berdych 7-5 , 6-4 Friday and will now take on Marcos Baghdatis , who beat qualifier Dmitry Tursunov 6-2 6-4 .	Andy Murray reaches semifinal of Japan Open in Tokyo Title holder needs three sets to beat Stanislas Wawrinka Novak Djokovic powers into last four at China Open in Beijing Li Na puts out defending champion Agnieszka Radwanska
CNN  -- A theater company from South Sudan is translating Shakespeare into the local dialect for the first time , before performing the play at London 's Globe Theatre . Six months after the birth of South Sudan as an independent nation , it is a country still trying to define its culture and national identity . The South Sudan Theatre Company  SSTC  is helping to develop that culture by performing Shakespeare 's tragedy "  Cymbeline " in Juba Arabic -- a language spoken widely in South Sudan . "  Shakespeare is a genius writer who wrote about humanity , about greed , jealousy , wars , power , love -- he really speaks to the whole world , " said Derik Uya Alfred Ngbangu , the SSTC 's director and producer . "  We want to do Cymbeline in a way that speaks to the South Sudanese -- in terms of the plot , the kind of conflict that exists here -- and make it our own thing , " he added . Juba Arabic is a pidgin form of Arabic that takes its name from the South Sudanese capital of Juba . Although English has been named South Sudan 's official language since the country 's independence , Juba Arabic is still a lingua franca in much of South Sudan , says Ngbangu . The SSTC 's production is part of the "  Globe to Globe " Festival taking place at London 's Shakespeare Globe Theatre from April . The SSTC will be one of 37 theater groups from around the world performing interpretations of Shakespeare plays in their local language . The SSTC has already begun adapting Cymbeline and translating it . "  We 're looking to cut out unnecessary bits so that 10 actors can do it , instead of perhaps 18 , " said Ngbangu . "  We 're looking to have a simplified , shortened text that can be performed in one and a half hours instead of three . " Actors will be drawn from two of South Sudan 's established theater groups , the Kwoto Cultural Centre and the Skylark Dramatist Association , and will include graduates of the University of Juba 's College of Arts , Music and Drama . Ngbangu says they plan to perform Cymbeline in Juba before taking it to London in May . They are are also looking to make changes to the original to make it more relevant to local audiences , such as using local names and costumes . The original Cymbeline is set against a backdrop of impending war between ancient Britain and ancient Rome , over the king of Britain 's refusal to pay tribute to Rome ; the SSTC is considering changing that to an impending conflict between south and north Sudan , fighting over oil . Sudan 's real civil war between north and south raged for decades , claiming more than two million lives . But Ngbangu says theater survived those dark years of conflict . "  Theater has existed throughout the time of the civil war and difficulties , " he said . "  War never stopped people coming together through arts -- whether music or drama or dance , " he added . And he believes theater can help build South Sudan , celebrating the fledgling nation 's cultural diversity . "  It is a very cheap art form compared to cinema and TV -- you can do it anywhere -- move it to the villages and contribute to their understanding of their environment , their struggles , you can do it in schools and teach young people how to do the right thing . "  Through theater we can send a lot of messages about unity , about respecting people , about coming together , about tolerance and civilization . He added : "  There is an old saying -- ` give me a theater and I will give you a nation . ' " As casting and rehearsals begin , Ngbangu is excited at the prospect of performing in London . "  I have been to London several times . It is a land of theater , a land that produced a giant like Shakespeare , " he said . "  To be in London with a Shakespearean play , when we 're a country that will be nine months old at the time , it 's a great thing . "	South Sudan Theatre Company producing Shakespeare play "  Cymbeline " in Juba Arabic Juba Arabic is widely spoken in South Sudan They will perform the play at London 's Globe Theatre in May Theater survived Sudan 's civil war , says the company 's director
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Like all zombie movies , "  Zombieland " has hundreds of zombies doing awful things , such as attacking and eating humans , but you could argue it 's not a zombie movie . Jesse Eisenberg and Woody Harrelson find themselves battling the undead in "  Zombieland . " Zombie hordes do chase the main characters in a post-apocalyptic world , but the focus is on the comedy 's stars , including two Oscar nominees -- Woody Harrelson and Abigail Breslin -- along with Jesse Eisenberg and Emma Stone . Spoiler alert : A third Oscar nominee makes a remarkable cameo appearance , but this story will avoid spoiling the surprise by naming him . "  We wanted to make a cool , kick-ass road movie about a dysfunctional family traveling across the country and zombies provide us the antagonists , the threat that our characters need to come together , " said Paul Wernick , who wrote the screenplay with partner Rhett Reese . In fact , Wernick had only seen one zombie film before writing this script . Reese , who is a fan of the genre , kept the story on a track that would feed zombie fans ' hunger for blood-and-guts action . " -LSB- The -RSB- zombie genre is so well traveled , there is really no reason to get into it unless we could do it in a fresh , different way , " Reese said . "  We were almost forced to think outside the box to make it an entertaining zombie movie . " "  Zombieland " is set in the United States months after a fast-moving virus begins turning most people into flesh-eating zombies . A handful of survivors come together to fight back . Wernick and Reese literally rewrote the rules for zombie films in this movie . Eisenberg 's character is an obsessive-compulsive man who developed 47 rules -- such as "  fasten your seat belt " -- designed to help him survive in Zombieland . While Eisenberg journeys to find his parents , he joins Harrelson , a zombie killer who is searching for the last Hostess Twinkie before its expiration date . Stone and Breslin play sisters who survive on their con artist skills . Their goal is to reach a California amusement park , which they think could be free of zombies . The cross-country trip these four characters share resembles "  National Lampoon 's Vacation " -- if written and directed by Quentin Tarantino . Watch the stars of the film talk about zombie fans " Wernick said they wanted to be "  very freewheeling . " The movie "  gives the audience the thrill of the journey , " he said . "  We wanted to take some wild turns . " "  The rules that we lived by when writing this is in fact that there are no rules , " he said . "  Zombieland " may be to zombies what Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds " is to Nazis . Wernick and Reese , who have been close friends since high school , often finish each other 's sentences as if they were an old married couple . "  When we were trying to get ` Zombieland ' off the ground back in the early days , we ... " Wernick said . " ... assaulted Tarantino at an awards show , to try to get him to read the script , " Reese said . "  That did n't work out , " Wernick said in conclusion to their joint thought . "  He thought we were zombies coming after him . " "  Zombieland , " directed by Rubin Fleischer , offers many of the same elements as a Tarantino film . " -LSB- Tarantino -RSB- is all about dialogue , character , irreverence , pop culture and we love all those things over the years , " Reese said . "  We have always been inspired by him . " The writers had to run through a number of actors before finding the person for the 10-minute cameo . Among them was Patrick Swayze , the writers ' first choice . Swayze , who died just two weeks before the movie 's release , turned down the role because of ill health earlier this year . Also asked : Joe Pesci , Steven Seagal , Jean-Claude Van Damme , Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson , Matthew McConaughey , Mark Hamill , Kevin Bacon and Sylvester Stallone . They were asked , but either did n't want the role or were not available , according to Wernick and Reese . With just a few days before filming the scenes , they asked Harrelson to look in his cell phone for names and numbers . He came up with a man who 's been an Oscar nominee and Emmy winner . And now , he 's got a key role in a zombie film .	In new movie "  Zombieland , " focus is on the stars and the comedy Movie 's performers include Woody Harrelson , Abigail Breslin One of film 's writers had seen just one zombie film in his life Among movie 's surprises : a cameo from an Oscar-nominated actor
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has told Senate Democrats that he 's willing to stay away from election battles where his presence would not be helpful , a Democratic source said -- an apparent nod to his poll numbers . Obama 's comments came when he and former President Bill Clinton attended the Senate Democrats ' issues conference at Nationals Park on Wednesday . Sources at the meeting said Obama assured Democrats that maintaining control of the Senate is his top priority this year . "  I do n't remember him  Obama  saying he would n't be offended if he was n't invited  to help campaign  , but he certainly acknowledged how low his numbers are in certain states , " a source told CNN . But Obama also noted "  they are bad in some states overall , " and "  that certain people would need him to help in certain parts of those states , " that source said . According to a CNN/ORC International poll conducted last weekend , Obama 's approval rating stood at 45 % , with his disapproval at 50 % . Those numbers are slightly better than two months before , when the approval ratings ran at or near all-time lows for the President . But it 's still far below where it stood a year ago , at his second inaugural , when his approval rating stood in the low to mid 50s in most polling . With a number of vulnerable Democratic senators up for re-election this year , sources at Wednesday 's meeting said Obama vowed to do what he could to support Democratic candidates . The Democratic caucus currently holds a 55-45 majority in the 100-member chamber , but 21 Democratic-controlled seats are up this year as opposed to only 15 Republican seats . Making matters worse for Democrats is the consensus view that the overwhelming majority of vulnerable seats are currently held by Democrats . The meeting served as a question-and-answer opportunity between Senate Democrats and the President . Some Democrats up for re-election asked Obama questions , but they focused on substantive topics , largely avoiding politics , according to one source . "  There was amazingly little politics , virtually no politics , " said that source , who called the meeting "  positive " and "  not defensive " on anyone 's part . Read more about Wednesday 's meeting between Obama , Clinton and Senate Democrats A number of Democratic senators facing tough re-elections this year seem to be anything but excited to have the President join them on the campaign trail . Sen. Mark Begich , a Democrat from red-state Alaska who faces a challenging bid for second term in the Senate , told CNN last week that "  I 'm not really interested in campaigning " with Obama if the President came to Alaska , he said . It was a similar story from Sen. Mark Udall . The Colorado Democrat is also up for re-election , but his seat is n't considered that vulnerable as of now . In an interview with CNN last week , Udall refused to say whether he 'd like some help on the campaign trail if the President comes to Colorado , a purple state that Obama won in both the 2008 and 2012 . "  We 'll see what the President 's schedule is , what my schedule is . But Coloradans are going to re-elect me based on my record , not the President 's record , " Democratic Sens. Kay Hagan of North Carolina and Mary Landrieu of Louisiana both have made news in the recent months by not appearing with Obama when he 's held an event in their state . Both face challenging re-election campaigns in GOP friendly states . Republicans are highlighting such instances as proof that Obama is toxic for vulnerable Democrats in red or purple states . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Obama acknowledged low poll numbers President said he 'd stay away from elections where he would n't be helpful Obama 's approval rating stood at 44 % on January 27
CNN  -- South Africa pace bowler Dale Steyn ripped through India 's batsmen on the third day of the first cricket Test in Nagpur , taking eight wickets as the hosts were forced to follow on . Steyn took a career-best 7-51 as India , resuming on 25-0 overnight , were skittled for just 233 to concede a massive first-innings deficit of 325 runs . The 26-year-old , whose previous best figures were 6-49 , then took the wicket of first-innings centurion Virender Sehwag as India reached 66-2 at stumps on Monday . The haul took Steyn to 193 wickets in his 37th Test and gave South Africa a great chance of winning the two-match series against a side who usurped their No. 1 ranking in the five-day format late last year . He claimed five wickets in less than four overs after tea as India collapsed from 221-4 . "  We actually had the ball changed when we came out after tea because the seam had popped open on the old one , " Steyn told reporters . "  We hoped to get a bit of reverse swing -- it worked in our favor . " Steyn 's strike partner Morne Morkel set the tone when he had Gautam Gambhir caught by wicketkeeper Mark Boucher with his first delivery of the day , with the opener not adding to his overnight score of 12 . Steyn then bowled Murali Vijay for four as the No. 3 failed to play a stroke , and he took the vital wicket of Sachin Tendulkar , the highest run-scorer in Test history , when he tempted the veteran to edge a drive to Boucher for just seven . The belligerent Sehwag then added 136 with debutant Subramaniam Badrinath as he smashed his 18th Test ton before giving away his wicket to Wayne Parnell with an easy catch to J.P. Duminy deep in the cover field . Sehwag hit 15 boundaries in 139 deliveries -- the same amount that the 29-year-old Badrinath faced in making 56 , who took India safely to tea along with captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni . But Dhoni fell to left-arm spinner Paul Harris in the first over of the final session , and Steyn had Badrinath caught at midwicket before running through the tail . Proteas captain Graeme Smith made the Indians bat again , despite Boucher not being able to take the field due to a back injury . Morkel again accounted for Gambhir as the opener misjudged an inswinger and had his castle wrecked after shouldering arms , and Steyn had Sehwag caught by Smith at slip for 16 . Vijay  27  and Tendulkar  15  added 44 in the remainder of the 23 overs scheduled to be bowled before stumps , but will face a massive task to prevent India going 1-0 down in the series . Meanwhile , New Zealand took an unassailable 2-0 lead in the one-day series against visiting Bangladesh , winning the second match by five wickets in Dunedin on Monday . The tourists managed only 183-8 in their 50 overs as Mushfiqur Rahim top-scored with 86 , and the Kiwis reached their target from only 27.3 overs with Ross Taylor smashing 78 off in a 52-ball innings featuring five sixes .	South Africa paceman Dale Steyn takes eight wickets on third day of first Test in Nagpur Steyn claims career-best 7-51 to skittle India for 233 to earn a huge lead of 325 He then dismisses first-innings centurion Virender Sehwag as India reach 66-2 at stumps New Zealand take unassailable 2-0 lead in one-day series against visiting Bangladesh
West , Texas  CNN  -- "  Shovel by shovel , " investigators are combing through the charred remains of a fertilizer distributor leveled by a massive explosion one week ago . Much of the landscape surrounding the West Fertilizer Co. in West , Texas , is unrecognizable . What was once a corn silo appears to have crumpled in the force of the blast . A blue tarp covers the shell of a rail car . Left is a crater nearly 100 feet wide and 10 feet deep that was once the site of a building . The crater is now filled with mangled metal and crumbs of mortar . Concrete chunks -- some the size of shopping carts -- are strewn hundreds of yards away from the blast site . But amid the devastation , forensic mappers are hoping to find clues . Hundreds of small pink flags indicate anything on the ground that crews want forensic investigators to take a closer look at . Officials face a difficult task in reconstructing the fire that preceded the deadly explosion . Still unknown : what types of chemicals and in what quantities were stored at the facility . Town devastated by explosion is guided by the West way One official likened the investigation to a jigsaw puzzle . "  Right now , think of that coffee table where all 100 pieces are gathered around , " Brian Hoback , an official with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , told the San-Antonio Express News . "  Now , we 're going to pull them together . " ATF Special Agent in Charge Robert Champion said determining what started the initial fire is "  the key . " "  We feel the explosion was caused by the fire so we 've got to determine what the cause and the origin of the fire was , and that 's why we 're ... attempting to re-enact that fire scene , " Champion said . "  A fire scene is complicated in itself . But you compound that with an explosion and it really complicates the issue . " So far , investigators have ruled out the possibility that natural causes ignited the fire . Meanwhile Wednesday , in a memorial at the blast site , an American flag was raised and a bugler played taps as workers paused to remember the 14 people killed . A few miles away , one of those victims , Kenneth "  Luckey " Harris Jr. , was laid to rest . Harris , a 52-year-old Dallas firefighter who lived in West , was one of 10 first responders who died . Hundreds of firefighters from Dallas and other areas surrounding West came for the funeral , the first to be held for a first responder killed . Firefighters lined the sidewalk as Harris ' flag-draped coffin was carried out and loaded into the back of a Dallas firetruck to be carried to the cemetery . Bagpipes played as the coffin proceeded through the crowd . President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will attend a larger memorial service on Thursday in Waco for all 14 victims . Ahead of the service , the president signed a proclamation Wednesday ordering all flags in the state flown at half-staff on Thursday . City workers from Waco will replace West workers on Thursday so they may attend funerals and take a break from trying to repair the city 's water system and cleaning up the town . CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	NEW : City workers from Waco will come to West to allow that town 's workers to go to funerals Officials are combing through rubble to find source of initial fire The types of chemicals stored at the plant are not yet known Firefighter Kenneth "  Luckey " Harris Jr. is laid to rest
Washington  CNN  -- Among the volumes of diplomatic communications released by WikiLeaks are frank observations about the character of world leaders , their quirks and their weaknesses . In an initial review of the documents turns up a number of observations from U.S. staffers that provide unusual insight into foreign leaders ' thinking and behavior , from "  voluptuous " companions to attention-seeking personalities . Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah proposed to U.S. officials that a Bluetooth-like device be implanted in Guantanamo detainees . During a March 22 , 2009 , meeting between Deputy National Security Adviser John Brennan and King Abdullah , the king suggested that an "  electronic chip " would allow the tracking of the detainees ' movements , as with Saudi horses and falcons . Brennan deflected the idea , saying that " ` horses do n't have good lawyers ' and that such a proposal would face legal hurdles in the U.S. " Another communication dated February 10 said the Saudi king "  tends to express himself tersely " because of his lifelong struggle with a "  speech impediment " but added that he is a "  wry and forthright interlocutor . " The foibles of Libya 's leader get a lot of attention in a cable from the American Embassy in Tripoli . Under the subject line "  A glimpse into Libyan leader -LSB- Moammar Gadhafi 's -RSB- eccentricities , " there is an extensive discussion of his "  various proclivities and phobias " and his almost obsessive reliance on his nurse , a woman described as a "  voluptuous blonde . " The document goes on to detail the relationship between the 38-year-old Ukrainian nurse , Galyna Kolotnytska , and Gadhafi , touching on rumors of a romantic relationship . It also discusses the lengths the Libyan leader will go to ensure that Kolotnytska travels with him , saying that only she "  knows his routine . " The cable says Gadhafi is "  almost obsessively dependent on a small core of trusted personnel . " Also among his quirks : Gadhafi 's dislike of flying long distances , his fear of flying over water and his need to stay on the first floor of any building . These diplomatically embarrassing cables extend beyond the Middle East and North Africa . They include observations from around the world , including Europe and longtime allies Germany , France and Italy . Of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , one cable gave this open assessment : "  An activist on the international scene , with an opportunistic eye for grabbing attention and credit , Sarkozy will remain a challenging partner despite his desire to improve the bilateral relationship . " Some news outlets have reported that U.S. diplomats called Sarkozy an "  emperor with no clothes . " On Italy 's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and his relationship with Russia : The Italian leader "  appears increasingly to be the mouthpiece of -LSB- Prime Minister Vladimir -RSB- Putin , " according to a report from the New York Times . Regarding German Chancellor Angela Merkel : "  When cornered , Merkel can be tenacious but is risk-averse and rarely creative . This suggests she will remain a very circumspect ally until the election . " Although these cables may provide the U.S. with some uncomfortable moments with global partners , they are not limited to foreign leaders . American officials are also a topic of discussion . An almost prescient communication dated February 10 talks about the fallout from Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's interview with the German news outlet Bild ; four months later , his controversial interview with Rolling Stone was published , and he was forced to resign as head of the mission in Afghanistan . German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle asked to express his concerns "  confidentially " about McChrystal 's interview . According to the cable , Westerwelle was particularly worried about a portion of the interview "  in which the general is quoted as urging the Germans to take more risks . Westerwelle recounted that he himself had to answer questions about this article for 10 days , explaining that the Germans were not ` peace soldiers ' while other countries provided combat troops . " Westerwelle went on to stress that it was "  important that German troops not be ` relativized ' and cast as second-class troops . " Another document paints Westerwelle in a less than flattering light , noting that the foreign minister , ironically , "  has never harbored a fascination for international affairs . "	Communications discuss Libyan leader 's relationship with nurse Saudi king suggested implanting tracking devices in detainees , cable says French President Nicolas Sarkozy called "  challenging partner " Former U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal was also among topics
CNN  -- A contractor connected with a fatal building collapse in Philadelphia now faces murder charges . Authorities say Griffin Campbell , 49 , was overseeing a building demolition in June when a four-story wall collapsed onto an adjacent Salvation Army thrift store , killing six people and injuring 13 . Now Campbell is charged with six counts of third-degree murder and six counts of involuntary manslaughter , the Philadelphia District Attorney announced on Monday . Campbell also faces charges of recklessly endangering another person , causing catastrophe , risking catastrophe and criminal conspiracy . Attorney William Hobson , who is representing Campbell , told CNN his client would plead not guilty to the charges . According to a statement released by District Attorney Seth Williams , Campbell decided on the method of demolition . A day before the collapse , Campbell removed bricks and braces that had supported the wall , even though an architect warned him not to , the statement said . Campbell promised to build scaffolding to support the wall and said he would reduce its height to the roofline of the Salvation Army building , the District Attorney 's Office said . "  In reality , however , " the statement said , "  Campbell was unwilling to pay for enough labor to perform the task . " Campbell surrendered himself to police Monday afternoon , his attorney said . Hobson said he expects bail to be set at $ 1 million , with plans to seek a reduction . "  I hope Griffin Campbell 's arrest today will give the victims and their families some small sense of relief , though I know their pain will never go away , " Williams said on Monday . The prosecutor also announced Monday that crane operator Kary R. Roberts -- also known as Sean Benschop -- is facing an additional charge of criminal conspiracy in the case . Roberts is currently in jail awaiting a preliminary hearing for involuntary manslaughter and other counts , after police said toxicology results showed he was under the influence of a controlled substance at the site of the collapse . He has maintained his innocence . In June , his attorney , Daine Grey Jr. , said his client was "  being made the scapegoat in this situation . " Williams said it is unclear at this point whether a grand jury will find more evidence of wrongdoing by others . "  This arrest is not the end of the grand jury 's investigation , " the statement said .	NEW : Prosecutor : "  This arrest is not the end of the grand jury 's investigation " Griffin Campbell is charged with six counts of third-degree murder The contractor also faces involuntary manslaughter and reckless endangerment charges The building 's wall collapsed on a Salvation Army store in June , killing six people
CNN  -- It stands at the entrance to the Panama Canal and took longer than the waterway to build , but a brightly colored biodiversity museum designed by architect Frank Gehry has finally celebrated its official opening BioMuseo , a 4,000-square-meter exhibition space and botanical park , has been commissioned to highlight Panama 's natural wonders and its role as a geological bridge between two continents . With its vivid appearance , BioMuseo has become a familiar sight to ships using the Canal 's eastern gateway and to people using the nearby Bridge of Americas that connects to an offshore archipelago . Although its shape is reminiscent of Gehry 's earlier works -- which include landmarks such as the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao , Spain , and the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles -- its bold color scheme is a departure . It 's Gehry 's first in Latin America , despite the fact his wife is Panamanian . Repeated delays The museum was first conceived in 1999 , but bureaucratic issues caused repeated delays , meaning it took 15 years to complete -- five more than the Canal , which opened in 1914 after a decade of construction . Visitors to BioMuseo will pass through a series of galleries incorporating interactive dioramas , including "  Panamarama " -- a three-level , 12-screen projection space intended to create an immersive rainforest experience . Built on a former U.S. military base , the exhibition is described on the museum 's website as "  a combination of art and science that leads the visitor to experience a marvelous phenomenon . " BioMuseo , Building 136 , Amador Causeway , Apartado , Panama City ; +507 830 6700	Museum originally conceived more than a decade ago but has only officially opened its doors this year BioMuseo is renowned architect Frank Gehry 's first building in Latin America An immersive 12-screen projection space recreates rainforest in one museum gallery
InStyle.com  -- The co-star of "  27 Dresses " discusses his personal style . "  I just feel dirty , " says James Marsden . Not to be alarmed : There 's nothing indecent going on here . James Marsden talks about his favorite kind of clothes and how his style has changed over the years . The 34-year-old is explaining what it feels like to be sporting facial hair for a film he 's working on with Cameron Diaz . Yet even the newly grown whiskers ca n't hide the finely chiseled features of an actor who seems to have cornered the Hollywood market on hottie-who-loses-the-girl roles  "  Enchanted , " "  Superman Returns " and , of course , "  The Notebook . " But the Oklahoma-bred star does n't mind his wholesome image . "  That 's really me , " he says . "  I 'm a little dorky -- awkward . " However , his onscreen luck could be changing with his latest film , "  27 Dresses , " a romantic comedy co-starring Katherine Heigl . Scruffy or not , we 'll be watching . You 've played a prince in "  Enchanted " and the superhero Cyclops in the "  X-Men " movies . Is that a big deal to your kids and their friends ? My daughter , Mary , is only 2 , and my son , Jack , is 7 . He has a Cyclops action figure , but he 's really into Spider-Man and Pixar movies -- Buzz Lightyear is his guy . No "  Superman , " no "  X-Men . " I think he just assumes that everyone at his school has a dad who 's a big superhero . You also played Corny Collins , the TV dance-show host in "  Hairspray . " What were you like in high school ? That 's when I came out of my shell and became more social -- people thought I was funny . I got into a whole preppy thing -- Duck Head shorts and Dockers . How would you describe your style now ? Functional comfort . For a guy , it should n't ever look like you thought about it too much , like the clothes are wearing you . Whose clothes do you like ? Paul Smith off the rack -- it 's a slim cut , and I do n't need to have it tailored . I always feel like an 8-year-old when I dress up in a suit , like , when can I take this thing off ? But I wore a black Dolce & Gabbana suit to the première of "  Hairspray " that was like , OK , now I know what a great suit is . Classic , clean lines -- sharp , sharp , sharp . Do you change your style from coast to coast ? In L.A. it 's too easy to throw on a pair of American Apparel sweats , a T-shirt and running shoes and just wear those for days . In New York , I actually like looking nice . Maybe I 'm just getting older , but young guys need to pull their pants up . Do you ever shop for your wife ? I love shopping for dresses , and I actually do a pretty good job . When I was in New York , I went into J. Crew in Soho and got her a cool fifties type dress with tiny polka dots . Style-wise I 'm good , but figuring out sizing is a different story . What do you find sexy on a woman ? I like spaghetti straps for my wife -- she has great shoulders and a great neck . I love when she puts her hair up , because I can see the back of her neck , so delicate and vulnerable . It 's the vampire in me . Or my obsession with cheerleaders -- their hair up in a ponytail . When I was young , I could never have that . Never got the cheerleader ? Eventually -- my wife was a cheerleader . What does your wife find sexy on you ? A button-front shirt with -LSB- baby -RSB- spit-up on the shoulder . That means a guy is taking care of the kids and is a good father -- that 's sexy to a woman . The adult version of rose petals and champagne is if I let my wife sleep in and I get up to change the baby 's diaper , feed the kids , and do the dishes . Who inspires you ? Paul Newman . My middle name is Paul , and my grandfather once said I was going to look like Paul Newman . That stuck with me . Beyond being a good-looking guy , Newman is a great actor with a long career , and he 's got a life . He 's married with kids and lives in Connecticut , sells popcorn and marinara sauce , and gives the money to charity . Anyone else ? George Clooney dresses like Gary Cooper might have . Cary Grant . "  A Streetcar Named Desire " - era Marlon Brando . They all made it look effortless . Their clothes framed their personalities really well -- comfortable , classic , but sharp . These guys could pull off a great suit , or jeans and a T-shirt . Do n't you agree that guys have it easy -- they are considered "  distinguished " as they grow older ? I do n't think it 's guy-specific . As women get older , they become more comfortable with themselves . Susan Sarandon is the poster woman for that . A lot of guys fantasize about being with women who are in their forties or fifties . So your advice is ... ? Act your age . Dress your age . Look your age . That does n't mean you ca n't have fun . And is n't it time you got the girl in one of your movies ? There are a couple of things I need to do -LSB- onscreen -RSB- : One , get the girl ; two , pack a gun . Do n't you love my career philosophy ? E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	In high school Marsden showed off his preppy side While it 's easy for him to throw on sweats , Marsden likes to dress up Actor says he is inspired by Paul Newman Marsden : I can shop style for women , but size is a different issue
London  CNN  -- The European head of consumer goods giant Unilever believes that improving the company 's environmental practices could help double its sales , such is the appetite from customers from sustainably-made products . Jan Zijderveld , the Anglo-Dutch conglomerate 's president of Europe , said there was a clear demand from consumers for "  green " products . "  What they want is products from a company where they know that the company makes the products responsibly , " he said . "  When they buy PG Tips they know that the tea is grown from sustainable plantations , they know that the way we make it and produce is in the most responsible  way  possible . " He said the days were gone when consumers were driven by low prices alone . "  The funny thing is that for the consumer , ` good value ' does n't necessarily mean ` cheap . ' " He rejected the suggestion that Unilever 's environmental focus was simply "  greenwashing , " saying it was "  part of our European heritage to build a decent business that is rooted in society and does the right thing . " While cynics might doubt the company 's ability to make good on ambitious plans to double the business while halving its environmental footprint , he believed Unilever could be a world-leading example of corporate responsibility . "  We will prove to the world that this is the right plan and this is also the right sustainable plan for business . " Read also : BT CEO : Smartphones and tablets transforming workplace While the company had strong global credentials , having operated in Asia for more than a century , it had recently been extending further into emerging markets such as Russia . "  As a global enterprise we really have to look at where the opportunities are , and that is where the people are , where the population growth is , where the economies are growing and the consumption is still low , " he said . He saw opportunities for the future in Russia , China , Vietnam , Pakistan , Bangladesh , as well as in African markets , "  because in many of these countries the consumption is lower , they are not consuming many of the fast-moving consumer goods we sell . " The emerging markets compared favorably to Europe in their attitudes toward business , he said "  The environment is much more pro-business ... they understand that business is a force for good . Business generates new products , it generates jobs , it pays taxes , " he said . "  It is a lot easier to do business in the emerging world -- it is a lot more proactive , it is less bureaucratic . " He felt there was "  too much negativism " towards business in Europe , and said he would like to see a cultural and policy shift to create a more dynamic , innovative business sector . "  To get the innovation through takes too long , to get approvals through takes too long , so things are just too slow and too bureaucratic , " he said . "  If we want to reinvent this continent and make it creative , growing and dynamic , you need to loosen it up a little , give it some fresh air ... Europe needs a little bit of a spring clean to be able to innovate again and grow again . "	Unilever 's Europe head plans to grow the business by stengthening green credentials He says consumers do n't simply want the cheapest products , but ones made responsibly The emerging markets are more business-friendly than Europe , he says Europe is in need of a "  spring clean " to encourage innovation and growth
The Caribbean does n't seem like the ideal place for a vacation during hurricane season , yet many travelers take the gamble and book a cruise to the region anyway . It 's a trip that can can go very smoothly or offer some unpleasant surprises , anything from sudden itinerary changes to passengers being left behind when weather conditions change . Consider Hurricane Irene , which forced many ships to change course last week . Now , here comes Tropical Storm Katia . So what should cruise aficionados consider when booking a summer or fall Caribbean voyage ? We asked Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor in chief of CruiseCritic.com , to explain some of the realities of cruising when the big storms are most likely to form . Why do people choose to cruise in the Caribbean during hurricane season ? There are several compelling reasons . First , hurricane season in the Atlantic lasts a long time -- from June 1 to November 30 -- and it includes the summer , when school is out and many people are looking to get away with their kids . So it 's not realistic to think vacationers will skip the beautiful region for six months , Brown said . Second , it 's a great time for deals . "  It 's the cheapest time to cruise , and for a lot of people , that 's worth the risk , " Brown said . Third , it 's unlikely most travelers will be caught in a storm . If a hurricane forms , cruise ships have sophisticated weather tracking systems and can keep their distance from any rough weather . "  Ships can move . Unlike an island resort , which pretty much has to sit there and take it , ships move out of the way of the hurricane , " Brown said . When Hurricane Irene blew through the Caribbean last week , more than 20 ships changed their itineraries to avoid the storm . Which leads to the next question : Are n't cruise ships obligated to stick to their published itinerary ? You may be surprised that the answer is no . "  It 's in the contract of carriage when you buy your ticket that they can go anywhere they want . You can buy an eastern Caribbean cruise , and they can go to the western Caribbean , and they do n't have to give you a cent in compensation for that , " Brown said . She recalled a 2005 incident in which a Royal Caribbean cruise ship was supposed to sail from New Jersey to Bermuda but changed course to New England and Canada at the last minute because of an approaching tropical storm . The passengers , who were n't prepared for the colder climate , were furious , Brown said . Love 'em or hate 'em ? Cruises divide travelers Rough weather is n't the only reason that cruise ships change itineraries . This year , dozens of cruises had to be "  reset " during the political unrest in parts of North Africa and the Middle East . What happens if you miss your cruise because of a canceled flight to the port city or because the ship leaves early to escape the path of the storm ? Things can get tricky . If you buy an air/sea package -- or purchase the flight as part of the voyage -- the cruise line will put you up in a hotel and help you get to the next port . Otherwise , it 's not obligated to do anything , Brown said . Consider what happened August 21 as Hurricane Irene was getting closer to Puerto Rico . Port officials in San Juan ordered Royal Caribbean and Carnival ships to depart several hours early , even though not all the passengers had arrived , CruiseCritic.com reported . There was no way to notify guests of the three-hour change in departure time , Royal Caribbean said in a statement , so 145 of the passengers booked on the Serenade of the Seas were left behind . The 15 people who reserved their air travel with Royal Caribbean were provided hotel accommodations in San Juan as well as a flight to Aruba the next day so they could join the ship . The rest -- or "  independent guests " -- were advised of hotel availability in San Juan , but the expense was their responsibility since it was a weather-related event , said Cynthia Martinez , a Royal Caribbean spokeswoman . "  That took my breath away . That was the worst display of customer service I have ever seen in the cruise industry , " Brown said . She pointed out that when faced with the same situation , Carnival tried to reach out to all of its passengers , arranged for hotel stays and booked flights to Barbados for those who wanted to meet the ship there . It also paid for the expenses or offered refunds in the form of future cruise credits . The incident generated 700 comments on CruiseCritic 's message board , most of them expressing horror at what happened , Brown said . Still , she does n't recommend buying air/sea packages from a cruise line to feel safe , because air travel booked this way is often more expensive and less flexible than booking your own flight . Buy travel insurance instead -- more on that later . Do cruise lines ever cancel cruises ? Very rarely , because they can "  make lemonade out of lemons " -- or change the order of port calls or go to another destination , Brown said . "  We monitor the storms closely and make strategic changes to the itineraries to keep them away from the storm , " said Jennifer de la Cruz , a Carnival spokeswoman , during Hurricane Irene . "  The nice thing ... is that there are a lot of destinations in the Caribbean , so we have lots of options . " What should you do to keep a hurricane from ruining your cruise ? Buy travel insurance with weather protection , but not necessarily from the cruise line , Brown said . Ask your travel agent for help , or shop around for a good policy . If you 're cruising during hurricane season , get to the departure city a day early so you do n't have to worry about missing the ship . "  Do n't tempt fate , " Brown said . If there is a storm that could affect the region you 're cruising in , stay close to your ship in case it needs to depart early . Do n't go off on a three-hour trip by yourself , Brown said . Many people plan marriage ceremonies in scenic port stops , like Grand Cayman or St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands . Be very careful about doing that during hurricane season . "  You can plan this beautiful wedding for yourself on the Wednesday that you 're there , but if a hurricane comes and you do n't go there , you 're out of luck , " Brown said .	Rough weather is possible , but ships usually move out of the way of a storm Cruise ships are not obligated to stick to their published itinerary Cruise lines took different approaches when guests were left behind before Irene Expert : Buy travel insurance ; stay close to the ship if a storm is approaching
It is a tale of tragedy meets election-year politics . As the nation reels from yet another mass murder , in which the killer shot some of his victims before taking his own life , two rival proposals aimed at improving mental health -- and supporters hope curbing mass gun violence by extension -- are before congressional lawmakers . A measure sponsored by Rep. Tim Murphy , a Pennsylvania Republican and clinical psychologist , seeks to get states to revise standards for committing the severely mentally ill to hospitals . His bill , which has bipartisan support , also includes a controversial proposal that seeks to empower families and judges to intervene on behalf of severely mentally ill adults and , in some cases , compel court-ordered therapy and medication . Murphy 's effort would also significantly dial back federal funding to the U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , which spends more than $ 3 billion annually on care and is an agency that Murphy does not think is effective . His bill has the backing of the National Alliance on Mental Illness , the American Psychiatric Association and the National Sheriffs ' Association , among other groups . On Thursday , he will also outline before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee the results of his yearlong look into federal mental health programs -- an investigation sparked by the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . Can Mental Health Bill Help Stop Mass Killings ? Treading carefully on guns "  The privacy laws were to prevent mistreatment from health care ... not meant to keep people from being treated in health care , " Murphy said on CNN 's New Day on Wednesday He added that in many of the recent mass shootings , the parents were aware of the gunman 's mental health issues but were legally powerless . "  People knew when something was going on . What about the rights of society ? When someone says ` we do n't want you forcing them into treatment , ' look , I get that , " Murphy said . "  But society is saying when the signs are there , that someone is gravely disabled or gravely ill from mental illness , a brain illness , treat them . Denial is not a treatment . " A competing measure from Rep. Ron Barber , a politically vulnerable Arizona Democrat struck by gunfire when his former boss , then-Rep . Gabrielle Giffords was shot and severely wounded in 2011 , also takes a mental health approach . His legislation would more broadly improve mental health care through added federal financial assistance for counseling , research and education efforts . Stage set for partisan fight His measure has the seal of approval from a number of organizations , including the National Association of School Psychologists , the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and Mental Health America . "  We know that one of every four Americans will have a mental illness at least once in their lifetime . Investing in mental health services in our communities and early identification and prevention of mental illness will save both lives and money , " Barber said in a statement on his Web page . The pending showdown over the two measures -- neither of which directly addresses the type of mass gun violence that ended lives in Santa Barbara , Newtown and so many other cities -- sets the stage for a partisan fight over overhauling the nation 's mental health system . "  It 's not what 's in their hands , it 's what is in their mind and heart that we 've got to deal with , " Murphy said on "  New Day . " "  California has some of the strictest gun laws in the nation bar none . And so it did n't work there . " Tackling mental health and gun policy is a thorny issue , but one that needs to be addressed , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , told The Washington Post this week . "  We 've got to look at how we define mental illness , who is denied weapons and who is not , and focus the discussion , " King , who has pushed for tougher firearms measures , told the paper . "  We have to have this debate . " Initiatives focusing on mental health were among the nearly two dozen executive actions put in place by the White House after Newtown . Young , angry and socially alienated The debate will unfold as the nation digests the actions of Elliot Rodger , 22 , a former Santa Barbara City College student who police say fatally stabbed three people and shot three others in that city before taking his own life , Friday . His parents had alerted authorities to their son 's mental illness and signs , they say , pointed to the danger he might one day pose . And , as has happened after Columbine , Virginia Tech , Fort Hood , Tucson , Aurora , Newtown , Washington and other shootings in other places , the victims ' families and neighbors plead for justice , for an end to gun violence , for a change in laws . "  What , what has changed ? Have we learned nothing ? Where the hell is the leadership , " a weeping Richard Martinez , whose son , Christopher , a University of California Santa Barbara college student who was shot by Rodger , told CNN . "  My kid died because nobody responded to what happened at Sandy Hook . " Father of shooting victim chastises politicians , demands new gun laws In what has become part of a familiar ritual following mass shootings in America , advocates call for action and politicos , especially those in Washington , project solemnity before retreating to their respective corners of the intractable gun debate . "  Shame on us for allowing this to continue , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who championed firearms reforms that failed in Congress following Newtown . Dems also weigh gun bill In another effort , House Democratic leaders said Wednesday they were weighing whether to push an amendment to a spending bill aimed at strengthening background checks for gun buyers . But they acknowledged it would likely prove unsuccessful . The White House is also pushing to fund gun violence prevention studies for the first time in roughly 20 years , an effort resisted by Republican critics who accuse the Obama administration of playing politics with taxpayer funds . Political experts say there 's little visibility on the issue , even if the conversation centers on mental health , which has routinely presented itself in the roster of America 's mass shootings . As details emerged over the weekend in California , Rodger 's history of mental health issues apparently was no secret to his family . A family friend said he had seen therapists since childhood . The public push for reforms is fickle and is largely influenced by moment-to-moment tragedy , said Cedric Alexander , the chief of police for DeKalb County , Georgia , a clinical psychologist and adviser to the pro-gun rights group Independent Firearm Owners Association . "  Our attention span is so short we never focus on this complicated problem long enough to address the problem , let alone begin to fix it , " Alexander said in a statement . Support for gun control has hit peaks and valleys since 1993 . That 's when the Brady Bill came about after the attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan and established a federal background check program for gun purchases . According to a CNN/ORC International survey conducted in December , 49 % of Americans said they supported stricter gun control laws , while 50 % opposed them . That fell from the 55 % who backed tougher measures a few weeks after the Newtown shootings . States take the lead Stymied federal legislative actions have sent advocates for stricter controls looking for new ways to have an impact . The gun control fights have now moved to the states where legislatures have weighed more than 1,000 proposals , according to an analysis by the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . The battle over gun policy : Old fight , new strategies And according to data collected for CNN by the National Conference of State Legislatures , more than half of the nation 's legislatures -- those dominated by Republicans -- weighed bills that would have nullified any federal ban on military style assault weapons and limits on large magazines . Will states go where Congress has n't on gun laws ? A number of measures at the state level deal with mental health . In South Dakota , the GOP-controlled legislature passed a bill requiring that mental health records of "  someone acquitted of a crime by reason of insanity " be sent to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System . According to data from the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System , roughly 1 % of gun permit applicants who failed to pass a background check over the past 14 years , or 10,180 people , were denied for reasons related to mental health .	Lawmakers have two bills tackling mental health in aftermath of Santa Barbara shooting Such efforts have failed before and political experts doubt there 's much political will Since Congress has failed to act , states have enacted a number of gun reform laws Families of victims , advocates frustrated by lack of federal action
CNN  -- Pakistanis headed to the polls Saturday for what could be a historic vote in terms of establishing the country 's democratic bona fides as well as determining its future as it faces an array of issues from high unemployment to overpopulation and terrorism . This year 's election has been hailed as one of the most democratic to date for a nation that for much of its 66-year existence has had military rulers . According to the Election Commission of Pakistan , there will be 36 million new voters among the 86 million registered to vote . Plus , more than double the number of candidates will be women , with 161 running versus the 64 who contested the 2008 poll , according to U.N. Women . Yet the economic , political and security situation in Pakistan is n't especially stable . Beyond high inflation and poverty rates , Pakistan has also seen spurts of violence , in some cases engineered by Islamic extremists . Since April , the Taliban in Pakistan has killed dozens of people in attacks on the three main political parties . Many urban voters and parties regard resurgent fundamentalism as one of the biggest threats to Pakistan . More than 600,000 security personnel have been deployed nationwide to safeguard the election , Information Minister Arif Nizami said Friday . Pakistan 's army , which helped deliver 650 tons of ballots to polling stations , will have 75,000 troops out around the country , a military spokesman said . The governing Pakistan People 's Party is led by Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , the son of assassinated former prime minister and party leader Benazir Bhutto . But in an indication of the danger facing politicians , Bhutto Zardari wo n't be out for Saturday 's vote because of security threats , according to Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper . While his party became the first civilian government to complete a full five-year term -- the three governments after the death in 1988 of military strongman Zia ul-Haq were all brought down by the army -- its legacy is a deeply fractured country with a faltering economy . The PPP 's main opposition comes from the Pakistan Muslim League-N , led by one of the country 's leading industrialists and richest men , Nawaz Sharif . He 's been prime minister twice before and was overthrown in a coup and exiled when Gen. Pervez Musharraf seized power in 1999 . Viewed as a religious conservative , his party -- Pakistan 's second largest -- believes it would have won elections in 2008 had the assassination of Bhutto not given a massive boost to the ruling PPP . Another contender for leadership is Imran Khan , the former star cricketer and heartthrob who leads the Tehreek-e-Insaf  Movement for Justice  party . Not in contention is Musharraf , who returned in March from four years of self-imposed exile to take part in the elections . But he 's been banned by a court from taking part in politics and his party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , has announced a boycott . Musharraf and his allies were n't the only ones upset with Pakistan 's leadership ahead of the election . The New York Times "  strongly protested " the expulsion of its Islamabad bureau chief -- an order that Declan Walsh received at 12:30 a.m. locally , at his home . The Committee to Protect Journalists joined the Times in slamming the move , with its Asia program coordinator Bob Dietz writing that the move suggests "  a need to intimidate foreign and local journalists . " "  The expulsion of Declan Walsh shows just how much the authorities fear independent media coverage , " said Dietz . CNN 's Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	Several parties jockey for leadership as Pakistanis head to polls Pakistan 's struggling economy is beset by high unemployment , poverty Security is also a problem , especially given threats from Islamic extremists 600,000 security personnel and 75,000 troops deploy for elections , officials say
CNN  -- Narayanan Krishnan brings hot meals daily to India 's homeless and destitute . Since 2002 , the chef has served more than 1.2 million meals through his nonprofit organization , Akshaya Trust . Below are Krishnan 's thoughts about being selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero for 2010 . Q : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero ? Narayanan Krishnan : It was around 7:15 p.m. when I got a call from CNN . ... I had just finished the evening food distribution . I -LSB- was -RSB- flying , I 'm thrilled . You are giving me the biggest gift in this world . Getting nominated itself is big recognition . All the CNN Heroes ... are doing a phenomenal job . Short listing from this elite panel of judges definitely makes me feel happy . Q : What do you hope this will mean to Akshaya Trust ? Krishnan : This exposure will make Akshaya Trust more visible globally . Recognition from a trustworthy media source like CNN adds to our credibility . The work done for over eight years in one corner of the globe will now reach millions of people in different parts of the world . At the same time , this puts greater responsibility and accountability on us . ... We have to maintain our standards to be worthy of the recognition . Q : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Krishnan : Human suffering is happening all the time all over the world . Everyone has their own moments of happiness and suffering -- the wheel keeps moving all the time . If we understand this ... we will become softer in our attitude toward the less fortunate and extend a helping hand .	Narayanan Krishnan has been preparing meals for India 's hungry since 2002 He says that being named a Top 10 CNN Hero is "  the biggest gift in this world " Krishnan hopes his work will inspire others to extend a helping hand
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Roy Edward Disney , the nephew of Walt Disney , died Wednesday after a yearlong battle with stomach cancer , according to a Walt Disney Co. spokesman . Disney "  played a key role in the revitalization of the Walt Disney Co. and Disney 's animation legacy , " the company said . He died in a Newport Beach , California , hospital at the age of 79 . His father -- Roy O. Disney -- co-founded the Disney entertainment business with Walt Disney in 1923 . Roy E. Disney 's 56-year association with the company culminated in 2003 when he stepped down as vice chairman of Disney 's board and chairman of the Disney Studio 's Animation Department . He kept the title director emeritus and consultant in recent years , the company said . "  As head of Disney Animation , Disney helped to guide the studio to a new golden age of animation with an unprecedented string of artistic and box office successes that included ` The Little Mermaid , ' ` Beauty and the Beast , ' ` Aladdin ' and ` The Lion King , ' " the company said . A private funeral service and cremation are planned , the company said . His ashes will be scattered at sea , it said . He was born in in Los Angeles seven years after his father and uncle began building the Disney empire . His entertainment career began in 1952 -- after he attended Harvard University and Pomona College -- with a job as an assistant film editor on the "  Dragnet " TV series . He joined the family business a year later as an assistant film editor at the Walt Disney Studios . He received two Oscar nominations . One was as a writer and production associate on the 1959 short subject film "  Mysteries of the Deep , " and the second was for his work in 2003 as executive producer of "  Destino , " a film based on storyboards and original art by the iconic artist Salvador Dali . Disney founded Shamrock Holdings , an investment company owned by the Disney family , in 1978 . He also was an avid competitive sailor , the company said . He held several elapsed-time records for offshore races in the Pacific Ocean , including multiple wins in the 2,225-mile Transpac race between Hawaii and California , it said . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Roy Edward Disney dies at 79 after battle with stomach cancer His dad co-founded Disney entertainment business with his uncle Walt Disney in 1920s "  Little Mermaid , " "  Lion King " among successes when Roy E. Disney headed animation Roy E. Disney received two Oscar nominations in 50-plus year career
CNN  -- Just when it seems impossible for things to get uglier between the two heads of a key House investigative committee , they have . Hours after Democrat Elijah Cummings accused House Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa of engaging in "  McCarthyism , " Issa shot back with a letter to Cummings accusing him of obstructing the committee 's IRS investigation , and even contributing to the agency 's targeting of conservative grass roots groups . "  New IRS documents identified by the committee raise disturbing concerns about your possibly motivations for opposing this investigation and unwillingness to lend your support to efforts to obtain the testimony of former IRS exempt Organizations Director Lois G Lerner , " Issa wrote to Cummings . Issa and fellow Republicans on the committee plan to hold a vote Thursday holding Lerner in contempt of Congress . Democrats say Republicans are trampling on Lerner 's constitutional rights to remain silent , and released a Congressional Research Service report saying the only time in modern history Congress held witnesses in contempt was in the 1950s during the anti-communist McCarthy era , one of the darkest times in congressional history . At the heart of Issa 's new allegations about Cummings are letters sent to a conservative group called True the Vote asking for information about the group . The head of True the Vote said Cummings tactics were the same as those used by the IRS , which she called "  unacceptable . " In addition , Issa is releasing what he says is new evidence Cummings contacted the IRS that Issa says may have helped spur inappropriate IRS questions to True the Vote . "  Several of your requests are virtually identical to the information requests sent by the IRS to True the Vote in February 2012 , " wrote Issa . "  This timeline and pattern of inquiries raises concerns that the IRS improperly shared protected taxpayer information with your staff , " Issa wrote Cummings . Issa is also accusing Cummings of withholding information from committee Republicans about his communications with the IRS and True the Vote . "  The American people deserve to know the full truth . They deserve to know why the ranking member and minority staff of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform surreptitiously contacted the IRS about an individual organization without informing the majority staff and even failed to disclose the contact after it became an issue during a subcommittee proceeding , " said Issa . Cummings points out that he only requested public information from the IRS , and that he posted his inquiry to True to the Vote on his website -- so he was n't hiding anything . "  I have made no secret of my concern about True the Vote 's political activities , " wrote Cummings . Cummings argues that in the case of True the Vote , there was legitimate concern about IRS granting tax-exempt status , since the group had given $ 5,000 to a state Republican organization , which tax-exempt groups are banned from doing . "  This political organization has raised millions of dollars for Republican candidates and describes itself as "  the largest caucus of Republican state leaders and the only national organization whose mission is to elect down ballot , state-level Republican office-holders , " said Cummings , in a response letter to Issa . Ahead of a House Oversight Committee vote Thursday Issa was forced to apologize to Cummings March : IRS agrees to hand over Lerner 's e-mails to Issa CNN 's Craig Broffman contributed to this report	House panel to vote Thursday whether to hold former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt Republican Darrell Issa of California is chairman of the House Oversight Committee The panel 's top Democrat , Rep. Elijah Cummings , says it 's a tactic worthy of McCarthy Sen. Joseph McCarthy 's anti-communism efforts are seen as a dark page in U.S. history
La Paz , Bolivia  CNN  -- Bolivia 's constitutional court voted unanimously to allow President Evo Morales to run for a third term in office , a decision that the opposition decried as abusive . Bolivia 's constitution limits presidential terms to two five-year periods , but Morales was elected under a previous constitution with different rules . Morales ' current term may be his second , but it is his first under the new constitution and therefore he is allowed to run for re-election , the court ruled Monday night . It 's a maneuver that has been used in the past by Latin American presidents on both the left and right to extend their time in office while adhering to the word of the constitution . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez ushered in a new constitution and also successfully argued that his first term under the old one did not count against his re-election . In the 1990s , Peru 's Alberto Fujimori stretched his time in office in the same manner . Morales ' quest for a third term faced criticism from the opposition , which saw the move as a manipulation of the system . "  This court has proved that it is working outside of the constitution and the law , " opposition leader Samuel Doria Medina of the National Unity party said . He accused the government of having stacked the judiciary in favor of Morales . When the new constitution was passed by referendum in 2009 , the opposition was already accusing Morales of having the 2014 election on his mind . At the time , there were reports that the president had agreed not run again in 2014 in exchange for the constitution being passed . Morales , Bolivia 's first indigenous president , won his first election with a campaign that promised a government focused on the needs of the country 's poor . But as an ally of the late Hugo Chavez , he has been accused of using the system to concentrate power . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed and wrote the story from Atlanta . Journalist Gloria Carrasco reported from La Paz .	A Bolivian court clears the way for Evo Morales to run again for the presidency It would be his third candidacy , but only the second one under the new constitution The opposition says Morales is trying to consolidate power The next elections are in 2014
