CNN  -- Lyon have reached agreement with French league rivals Bordeaux to sign French international playmaker Yoann Gourcuff for a fee of 22 million euros . The 24-year-old , who was sent off for France against hosts South Africa at the World Cup finals and has won 24 caps for his country , will sign a long-term contract with the former champions . Lyon midfielder Jean Makoun told reporters that the club 's players were excited by Gourcuff 's arrival at the club . "  His signing demonstrates the ambition we have . "  He has a lot of technical qualities . He is a player who can be decisive in extra time and in the final pass . Sometimes we have trouble in these areas . "  With him we 're hoping to get to the next level and recapture the title , " he added . Meanwhile , Juventus are reported to have made a move to sign Italy forward Antonio Di Natale from Udinese . Italian news agency Ansa have claimed the Turin club have offered seven million euros for the 32-year-old . However , the player himself has distanced himself from reports , telling local media : "  I 've been here seven years and I want to stay here , I do n't know anything about a transfer . " In other transfer news , West Ham striker Alessandro Diamanti has completed his return to Italy , signing for newly-promoted Serie A side Brescia . The 27-year-old failed to become a regular for the English Premier League side after joining from Livorno last year -- and has now gone back to Italy for a fee in the region of 2.2 million euros .	Lyon reach an agreement with French league rivals Bordeaux to sign Yoann Gourcuff The former French champions to pay 22 million euros for the French midfielder Gourcuff played for France at the World Cup finals in South Africa and has won 24 caps Juventus have registered an interest in signing Italian striker Antonio Di Natale
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton has spent the final moments of the midterm campaign season publicly deflecting the flurry of questions about her likely run for president . But behind the scenes , her campaign machine is quietly whirring to life . Clinton insiders have begun to approach Washington-based Democratic operatives who may play a role in a potential campaign and are soliciting their recommendations on other possible staffers , according to Democrats familiar with the conversations . A number Clinton associates are compiling staffing lists , according to multiple Democratic sources . Michael Whouley and Minyon Moore of the Democratic communications and consulting firm Dewey Square Group are one conduit to Clinton 's inner circle and among the primary compilers of the campaign universe that will surround Clinton , should she run . The firm is led by veteran players in Clinton world . Whouley was an adviser to Vice President Al Gore and a Clinton campaign aide while Moore is a longtime Clinton confidante . Ginny Terzano , head of communications for Dewey Square , said the characterization is "  incorrect . " "  DSG officials have no role " in a potential Clinton campaign , she said . Operatives at the firm are reviewing possible Clinton staffers "  under the guise of spitballing ideas , " as one Democratic source put it . With a trio of pro-Hillary superPACs -- Ready for Hillary , Priorities USA Action and Correct the Record -- months into shoring up support , a Clinton campaign is already well underway outside of her inner circle . Clinton 's midterm campaign schedule "  The reality is that if you have a message and you 're larger than life , the organization can come together pretty quickly , " said Tom McMahon , who served as deputy campaign director for Howard Dean 's 2004 campaign . "  It can be a turnkey operation . " As the Clinton campaign apparatus is constructed , those close to her are trying to shroud it from view , wary of the glaring political spotlight that amplifies every move the former secretary of state makes . "  There are no formal talks , no one is being offered jobs , " one source told CNN , dismissing the signs of campaign life as "  a lot of jockeying " from Democrats who want to work on a Clinton campaign . In September , Clinton and her inner circle were dismayed by a leak to Politico that revealed the presence of John Podesta -- former Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton , current top aide to President Barack Obama and the person favored to serve as chairman of a Hillary Clinton campaign -- at meetings with pro-Clinton super PACs this summer . Huma Abedin , one of Clinton 's closest aides , has told multiple Democrats to rein in chatter about 2016 , saying Clinton wants to keep attention on the midterm elections and minimize attention on a presidential run , according to a Democratic source who spoke to Abedin . Clinton and the small team she employs are trying to keep her out of the tarnishing political spotlight until she is ready to make a run official , something Clinton will likely do by the end of winter , though she would like to put it off as late as possible . "  If there 's not a competitive primary , the general election starts as soon as she declares , " said Katie Packer Gage , former deputy campaign manager for Mitt Romney 's 2012 presidential run , who says the challenge of a Clinton campaign will be more of what her current team is already struggling with -- " how do they keep her fresh for the American people ? " Recent campaigns for viable Democratic or Republican presidential candidates were well into the preliminary phase of staffing up at this point in time , with top aides already getting in line ahead of an official announcement . In 2012 , Matt Rhoades , at the time the executive director of Mitt Romney 's Political Action Committee and later Romney 's campaign manager , was already in early discussions with all of those who would become senior staff . Well before the 2006 midterms , then-Sen . Barack Obama had conducted preliminary discussions with and identified a number of top aides . His campaign effectively went into high gear after the elections , though he launched his exploratory committee in January 2007 and declared his candidacy in February . But some political operatives warn not to read too much into the beginning phase of a Clinton campaign currently underway . "  Of course the preliminary conversations should be going on , " said Steve Elmendorf , Deputy Campaign Manager for John Kerry 's 2004 campaign . "  But there are a lot of people who have had those conversations - who thought about running for office , made plans to run for office , and did n't . " Among those believed to be part of a potential Clinton campaign , Guy Cecil , the current executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , appears to be one of Clinton 's most likely choices for campaign manager , according to interviews with more than two dozen Democrats . "  Even if Democrats do n't hang onto the Senate , people respect the job that he 's done , " said one . Cecil 's role is expected to fall under the oversight of Podesta , seen as a calming force who could squash much of the internal drama that plagued Clinton 's 2008 campaign . Podesta is expected to stay at the White House through the State of the Union , according to two sources familiar with his current plans , despite his initial commitment of one year service when Obama named him to his post in the West Wing last December . By last Spring , Robby Mook , who managed the campaign that propelled Clinton fundraising guru , Terry McAuliffe , into the Virginia governor 's mansion , has "  been on ice " - as one Democrat put it - since as early as the spring , according to two Democrats familiar with the discussion . He was told not to make long term plans by those close to Clinton , the sources say , and is widely expected to play a major role in running the campaign . Dennis Cheng , who manages fundraising for the Clinton Foundation and served as Hillary Clinton 's deputy chief of protocol at the State Department , is the frontrunner for finance director , according to multiple Democrats . Huma Abedin , as well as longtime Clinton aide Philippe Reines and Nick Merrill , Clinton 's current spokesperson , are expected to serve in influential roles in and around the campaign .	Hillary Clinton is n't saying whether she 'll run for president But behind the scenes , Clinton associates are beginning to put together a campaign
CNN  -- Iraq is suddenly back at the top of the news . The drawdown of "  combat " troops has been completed , the handover to the State Department looks shaky , violence is ticking up and there is still no new Iraqi government , more than five months after the March elections . All these are real , but they are only the most immediate manifestations of deeper and longer term issues that the United States will need to manage . Our diplomats face big challenges . Let 's start with the Iraqi government . Superficially , it looks as if former prime minister Ayad Allawi and present prime minister Nouri al-Maliki -- who came in first and second in the elections -- are in a huge personality clash . Why ca n't one of them be a statesman and step aside ? The answer is that both they and other Iraqi politicians are worried about whether this will be their last opportunity to gain power . The American troops have de facto guaranteed for the past seven years that some sort of broad , representative democracy would continue in Iraq . But if the troops all leave by the end of 2011 , as currently agreed , who will guarantee the political system ? Who will prevent a drift back to autocracy , or even a coup ? The transfer of lead responsibility from American troops to diplomats has done little so far to answer these questions . This is a big diplomatic challenge : to find ways to convince politicians in a country that has known little other than violent political change that their next political choice will be made at the ballot box . This is an even bigger challenge in Iraq than elsewhere because of sensitivities about national sovereignty . Bosnians and Kosovars  not to mention Haitians and many others  have welcomed both foreign troops and civilians deployed to their territory to maintain their newly minted democracies . Iraqis , while complaining that the foreign troops have made a mess and failed to clean it up , wanted the Americans out . The State Department needs to focus on finding ways to guarantee whatever solution the Iraqis work out . Should it be "  term limits " for al-Maliki , as outgoing Ambassador Chris Hill has suggested ? A political pact that would allow al-Maliki to remain for two years and then be replaced by Allawi ? An agreed reduction in the prime minister 's powers , particularly his control over the armed forces ? Someone outside the Iraqi political context is going to have to seal the deal with a commitment to make sure it is implemented . The most obvious vehicle for this is a new U.N. Security Council resolution , but getting one is complicated by the fact that Iraq wants an existing Security Council resolution lifted . Sounds like a classic diplomatic challenge . Another option is the Strategic Framework Agreement , a bilateral commitment to continued U.S. cooperation with Iraq that the Iraqis sought and continue to think important . Fully implemented , it would be little short of an alliance relationship with Iraq , one that would encourage foreign investment and open up economic , educational and cultural opportunities for Iraqis . Washington needs to convince the Iraqis that full implementation of the agreement depends on the continued existence of a broad-based democratic regime in Baghdad . That also sounds like a classic diplomatic challenge . So , too , does another underlying issue : the Kurdish/Arab dispute along a lengthy confrontation line in northern Iraq , where the Kurdistan Regional Government and its Peshmerga military forces claim territory that lies beyond the territory Iraqi Kurdistan controlled during the Saddam Hussein period . U.S. military forces have been proactive in building confidence between the Peshmerga and the Iraqi Army and ensuring that they do not come to blows . Who will take on this role once the U.S. forces withdraw ? The diplomats face many other challenges : They are going to be responsible for training the Iraqi police , they are going to have to protect themselves as they move about the country , they need to do much more to get European and other friends and allies engaged in Iraq , they need to help Iraq regain its regional role and settle its relations with the neighbors . Some in Congress are asking , why do the State Department and USAID need $ 9 billion for Iraq next year ? The better question is this : How much should we spend to protect an investment of over $ 700 billion that we have made over the past seven years ? The war is over , sort of , but the peace-building will go on for a long time . Peace-building is expensive , but a lot cheaper than war . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Serwer .	As U.S. combat troops leave Iraq , diplomats face challenge of building peace , says Daniel Serwer He says U.S. needs to guarantee the solution Iraqis develop to their political impasse He says spending on diplomacy protects $ 700 billion investment U.S. has made in new regime
Paris  CNN  -- French perfume designer Jean-Paul Guerlain was fined 6,000 euros  $ 8,000  Thursday by a Paris court for racist remarks he made during a French television interview . He was also ordered to pay 2,000 euros  $ 2,665  to each of three French anti-racism groups that brought the case . Guerlain was found guilty before Judge Anne Marie Sauteraud of making a racial insult , under a law dating back more than a century . Guerlain -- who is no longer connected with the company that bears his name -- uttered a racial slur twice during an October 2010 interview on France 2 about his career and the making of the Samsara perfume . The racial epithet was used as he was describing how he was inspired to create the perfume while trying to impress a woman . "  One day I told her -- and I still called her Madame -- ` What would seduce you if one was to make a perfume for you ? ' and she told me , ' I love jasmine , rose and sandalwood , ' " Guerlain recalled . "  And for once I started working like a  racial epithet  . I do n't know if  racial epithet  ever worked that hard , " he said . He subsequently apologized for the remarks , which prompted protests outside the Guerlain boutique in Paris . Guerlain , which is now part of the empire of luxury goods giant LVMH , was a family firm for five generations , was founded in Paris in 1828 by Pierre Francois Pascal Guerlain . Jean-Paul Guerlain , born in 1937 , is now retired . CNN 's Anna Prichard contributed to this report .	NEW : Guerlain is told to pay $ 2,665 to each of three anti-racism groups that brought the case Jean-Paul Guerlain is also fined $ 8,000 by a court in Paris for making a racist remark He used a racial slur twice during a French television interview in 2010 He is no longer connected with the company that bears his name
CNN  -- Win Tin , a founding member of Myanmar 's National League for Democracy who was jailed for 19 years for political activism , has died at Yangon Hospital . He was 85 . A National League for Democracy  NLD  spokesperson told CNN Win Tin was admitted to Yangon Hospital three weeks ago with a kidney problem . One of Myanmar 's most prominent dissidents , Win Tin was a journalist and writer who joined with Aung San Suu Kyi during her campaign in 1988 , according to Nyan Win , the current spokesperson for the NLD . He was arrested in 1989 by Myanmar 's military rulers , who feared the strength of the pro-democracy movement . "  Immediately after his arrest , U Win Tin was kept without food and sleep for three days , " Suu Kyi wrote about his imprisonment . "  It appeared that the interrogators wished to force him to admit he was my adviser on political tactics , in other words , that he was my puppet master . " "  A man of courage and integrity , U Win Tin would not be intimidated into making false confessions , " she added . Win Tin continued to push for democracy even while in prison , penning a letter to the United Nations that resulted in additional jail time . Despite his key role as a political leader , Win Tin 's personal life was largely solitary . After he was released in 2008 , he told CNN that he was a "  vagabond " with no family or children because he had given his life to the fight for democracy in Myanmar . While he struck an optimistic note about the progress that had been made in his country after his release , he noted there was still a "  tremendous amount of work to be done . " "  He was a great pillar of strength , " said Nyan Win . "  His demise at this important political juncture of transition is a great loss not only to the NLD but also to the country . We are deeply saddened . "	Myanmar political activist and National League for Democracy founding member Win Tin has died at 85 He was arrested in 1989 by country 's military rulers and was not released from jail until 2008 Win Tin lived alone , saying he forsook a family to devote his life to the fight for democracy
Go ahead , order the sushi . Levels of radioactivity found in Pacific bluefin tuna that spawned off Japan around the time of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear accident are far below anything that would pose a health risk and have dropped in fish caught the following year , U.S. researchers reported Monday . The latest findings follow up on a 2012 study that found radioactive cesium , a nuclear reactor byproduct , in tuna caught off California in the months after the triple meltdown at Fukushima Daiichi . The attention that study received led scientists to take another look at the data , said Nicholas Fisher , a marine science professor at New York 's Stony Brook University . "  People did not know how to translate that into a dose , or into what risk do I have from eating that tuna , " Fisher said . "  The paper that 's coming out today addresses that . " They found that anyone who eats the bluefin -- highly prized for sushi and sashimi -- would get about 5 % of the radiation they 'd get from eating one typical banana , a fruit high in naturally radioactive potassium . The results were released Monday by the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . Even subsistence fishermen , who eat far more fish than the typical American , would receive a dose of radiation from the cesium isotopes released in the meltdown equivalent to a single dental X-ray , Fisher and his colleagues reported . That translates to a "  worst-case scenario " of two additional cancer deaths for every 10 million people in that category , he said . The doses were calculated from fish caught off San Diego in August 2011 . A follow-up study with fish caught in 2012 found the amount of cesium-134 and -137 dropped by about half in those tuna , Fisher said . "  Even if we use the higher concentrations , the concentrations we measured in 2011 , the doses to human consumers are very low , and lower than the naturally occurring radionuclides , " he said . Cesium-137 has a radioactive half-life of about 30 years , and traces of the isotope still persist from above-ground nuclear bomb tests in the 1950s and '60s . But cesium-134 , which has a half-life of only two years , clearly came from the meltdowns , the researchers say . There are other reasons to worry about the Pacific bluefin , such as overfishing and mercury contamination . Anyone who eats a large quantity of bluefin over a long period would be more likely to see ill effects from mercury -- which can damage the brain and nervous systems of young or unborn children -- before facing the threat of cancer from radioactive cesium , Fisher said . The three operating reactors at Fukushima Daiichi melted down after the earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan in March 2011 , creating the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl in 1986 . The crippled plant 's owner is still trying to manage hundreds of thousands of tons of radioactive water used to cool the reactors , and scientists believe some of that is still seeping into the Pacific . The waters near the plant remain closed to fishing , and Japan has tightened its standards to keep any contaminated catch from reaching consumers . While the earthquake killed more than 15,000 people , no deaths have been blamed on the nuclear disaster that followed . In May , the World Health Organization concluded that only a small group of people will face an additional cancer risk from the meltdowns , but more than 100,000 people have had to evacuate towns surrounding the plant .	Scientists linked cesium from Fukushima Daiichi to bluefin tuna in 2011 Eating it would give someone about 5 % of the dose given off by a banana , scientists say Cesium in Pacific bluefin caught in 2012 dropped by about half
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The defense attorney for a Philadelphia abortion doctor charged with murder in the deaths of four babies on Monday attacked prosecutors ' evidence that live births took place at Dr. Kermit Gosnell 's clinic as he presented closing arguments in the case . Gosnell , 72 , is accused of killing babies with scissors that were used to cut their spinal cords . Authorities allege that some of the infants were born viable and alive during the sixth , seventh and eighth months of pregnancy . Although he did not call a single witness to the stand , Gosnell 's defense attorney , Jack McMahon , gave an impassioned , 2 1/2 - hour closing argument to the jury refuting the prosecution 's evidence and once again claiming that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already dead as a result of Gosnell administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . Defense calls no witnesses McMahon , stalking the jury box , accused prosecutors of "  the most extraordinary hype and exaggeration in the history of the criminal justice system , " even adding that they are "  elitist " and "  racist . " Gosnell , who is African-American , has been accused by authorities of preying on low-income , minority women . McMahon argued that Gosnell offered people who were poor and without health insurance access to health care . "  These are desperate , young girls who were in trouble . But he provided these desperate young girls with relief , " McMahon said . Flipping through a series of photos of the Women 's Medical Clinic , McMahon argued that the images rebuffed their "  House of Horrors " claim . "  This is n't a perfect place by any stretch of the imagination , but it 's not what they say it is , " McMahon bellowed . "  Are you going to believe Mr. Cameron or your lying eyes . " McMahon then asked the jury to find courage and "  be fair , " he said . "  Be true to yourself , " he said , "  Go by what the evidence is , not what everyone wants it to be . " Judge tosses 3 murder charges Before Philadelphia Assistant District Attorney Edward Cameron delivered his closing arguments , an examination chair with stirrups , a sonogram machine and other medical devices that were on permanent display in the center of the courtroom during the trial were returned to their place facing the jury box . District Attorney Seth Williams , flanked by a security detail , entered the packed courtroom and observed from the back of the room . "  This case is not about us , " Cameron said . "  It 's about Karnamaya Mongar , and those four babies that are dead , and getting them justice . " Cameron then summarized testimony from almost all 54 witnesses who took the stand during the seven-week trial . As he read through key facets of testimony , four enlarged photos of three fetuses , and a photo of Mongar and her husband , faced the jury before being placed on several monitors throughout the courtroom . At one point Cameron turned to Gosnell , who wrote notes incessantly on a notepad , and yelled . "  Are you human ? " he asked , hands on his hips while Gosnell smirked back at him . "  It 's time for us to extinguish the fire he created . " Philadelphia doctor performed illegal late-term abortions , ex-employee testifies Gosnell originally faced eight counts of murder in the deaths of seven babies and Mongar , 41 , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . He is also charged with conspiracy , abortion at 24 or more weeks of pregnancy , theft , corruption of minors , solicitation and other related offenses . Common Pleas Court Judge Jeffrey P. Minehart threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges against Gosnell last week . He has pleaded not guilty . The judge also tossed all five abuse of corpse charges for storing the feet of aborted fetuses in plastic containers . Minehart also dismissed one count of infanticide , the intentional killing of an infant . Gosnell is also accused of reusing unsanitary instruments ; performing procedures in filthy rooms , including some having litter boxes and animals present during operations ; and allowing unlicensed employees -- including a teenage high school student -- to perform operations and administer anesthesia . Nine others who worked in the west Philadelphia medical office , including Gosnell 's wife and sister-in-law , also were charged . Eight have pleaded guilty . Also on trial is co-defendant Eileen O'Neill , 56 , a medical school graduate who worked as a doctor at the Women 's Medical Society . O'Neill , who did not have a medical license , is not charged with performing abortions but with participating in the operation of a "  corrupt organization " and "  theft by deception " for operating without a doctor 's license . "  She was pretending to be a doctor and does n't deserve the title , " Cameron said , turning to O'Neill who looked down at her notepad and scribbled . Meanwhile , a gag order preventing attorneys or the jury from speaking to the media remains in place . If he is found guilty , Gosnell , who is not a board-certified obstetrician or gynecologist , could be sentenced to death . Victims daughter offers emotional testimony	NEW : "  Are you human ? " prosecutor asks Gosnell during closing argument Lawyer for abortion doctor on trial for murder delivers 2 1/2 - hour closing argument Prosecutors used "  hype , exaggeration " against Dr. Kermit Gosnell , 72 , he says Gosnell is accused of killing babies born alive during illegal abortions
Los Angeles  CNN  -- When Joe Saenz walked up to a Whittier , California-area home in the summer of 2008 , a surveillance video shows he was smiling , rubbing his hands together and greeting associates , according to authorities . On the streets he was known by the nickname "  Smiley , " and his demeanor that day fit that handle -- right up until he reached the front yard of the home . That 's when , the FBI and police say , he drew a gun and shot one man several times in the head , execution-style . The slaying , caught on video , was over drug money , authorities believe . It was not the first murder Saenz was accused of . Authorities also say that in 1998 he killed two rival gang members and kidnapped , raped and killed his girlfriend . The FBI placed Saenz on its 10 Most Wanted Fugitives list in 2009 . Authorities suspect he later became a hit man for a Mexican drug cartel . Despite being featured on the "  America 's Most Wanted " television program and on the websites of the FBI , the Los Angeles Police Department , and the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , Saenz eluded arrest for 14 years . On Friday , authorities announced his capture in Guadalajara , Mexico , after a tip led officers to his location . "  The adage that you can run but not hide speaks truthful here , " said Bill Lewis of the FBI 's Los Angeles field office . During a news conference Monday , Lewis said Saenz was arrested by Mexican authorities without incident on the second story of a modest apartment building above a beauty salon . He said the $ 100,000 reward that had been offered for information leading to Saenz 's arrest will be paid but he declined to identity the source of the tip . "  Surveillance of the vicinity and attempts to arrest him went on for several weeks , " Lewis said . "  With the assistance of our Mexican law enforcement partners , we were able to take him into custody . " Saenz was flown Friday to Los Angeles , where he faces the multiple murder counts . Before authorities discovered the video of the 2008 killing , Los Angeles police detectives theorized Saenz might be dead . The grisly crime scene in Whittier , about 20 miles east of downtown Los Angeles , indicated to Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Detective Traci Gonzales there were drug and gang ties to the slaying , so she showed the video to Los Angeles Police Department Detective Ron Chavarria , a veteran on the gang beat . With that , the videotape broke open a case that had frustrated local and federal authorities for more than a decade . Now detectives knew Saenz was still out there . Police say Saenz was a member of the Cuatro Flats gang in the Hollenbeck area of Los Angeles , where he grew up and where 34 gangs fight over turf and drug trafficking . He stepped into police cross-hairs in 1998 after the fatal shooting of the two rival gang members at a housing complex . AC360Ëš revisits Hollenbeck gangs Then , police say , he was a fresh-faced 22-year-old with a dark side . "  Just gruesome , gruesome , cold-blooded , " detective Chavarria said . "  Just walks right up to these guys , shoots them and then just walks over and stands over them and shoots them each in the head and casually walks away . " Police made his capture a priority . "  We had pictures of him constantly on our dashboard so that there was no question if we saw this guy we knew who he was , " said Chavarria , who spent time with a gang patrol unit in the neighborhood . Within two weeks , Jose Luis Saenz -- known as Joe , Louie Louie and more than two dozen other aliases -- was wanted for a third murder . Investigators say that on July 25 , 1998 , after hearing that Sigreta Hernandez , the mother of his child , would turn him in for the double killing , Saenz kidnapped , raped and murdered her at his grandmother 's house . "  He leaves a note indicating that his grandmother has nothing to do with the murder and that he left the scene . And from that point on he became a fugitive , " Gonzales said . Authorities believe Saenz moved up the hierarchy from local gangs to international drug trafficking , crossing the border with falsified documents . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's authorities said Monday the motive for the 2008 murder was $ 500,000 in cash earmarked for Saenz that authorities seized during a traffic stop involving an alleged associate of Saenz . As a fugitive , Saenz is suspected of traveling through Mexico , Central America , Canada and the United States while trafficking in narcotics . "  He was quite an affable character who masked his identity to elude authorities , Lewis said . While he avoided capture for years , Saenz reportedly made statements that he planned to kill a police officer if they ever found him and arrested him , according to the FBI 's Most Wanted Fugitive website . During his flight from Guadalajara to California over the weekend , authorities say , Saenz bragged about his extensive travel , including to the Los Angeles neighborhood where he was first indoctrinated into a gang , and to Los Angeles Laker pro basketball games . "  We heard rumors that not only citizens were afraid of him , but also his own gang members were afraid of him , " detective Chavarria said . The arrest of Saenz involved a multiple-agency task force that includes the Mexican National Institute of Immigration , the Mexican attorney general , the FBI 's legal attache in Mexico City and its sub-office in Guadalajara , Mexico , the Los Angeles County Sheriff Department and the Los Angeles Police Department . "  It was in the endless perseverance of the hunt and continued efforts over the past decade that led to his capture , " said LAPD Deputy Chief Michael Moore . At Monday 's news conference , Chavarria described Saenz as a calculated cold-blooded murderer who is more intelligent than most gang members . But it was the chilling video that put him on the FBI 's Most Wanted list , the detective said . "  He always seemed to stay one step ahead of us , " Chavarria said . "  It looks like he really enjoys what he does , he enjoys killing people . " Saenz was scheduled to be arraigned Monday in Pomona County , California , for the 2008 slaying and the 1998 death of Hernandez . On Wednesday he will be arraigned for the two other 1998 shooting deaths , authorities said . CNN 's Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	A fugitive arrested in Mexico is suspected in four slayings Joe Saenz was put on the FBI 's Most Wanted Fugitives list after a 2008 slaying He previously was wanted for three slayings in 1998 Video from the 2008 shooting let police know he was still alive , authorities say
Geneva , Switzerland  CNN  -- Iranian officials sat down Monday with the United States and other countries trying to put the brakes on Tehran 's nuclear program , a day after Iran announced it is self-sufficient in the nuclear fuel cycle . There was "  an exchange of views and concerns , " between the Iranians and envoys from the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , plus Germany , a diplomatic source familiar with the talks told CNN . The Iranian nuclear program was the main issue on the table , the source said . Iran has previously said it did not want the talks to focus on that . Iran also raised some of its concerns , the source said , including attacks on two Iranian scientists in Tehran last week that left one dead and one injured . The diplomatic source and a Western official later both told CNN that the talks had ended for the day and would resume Tuesday . The United States and other countries fear that Iran wants to develop nuclear weapons , an allegation Tehran has always denied . The meeting in Switzerland is between Iran on the one hand and the so-called P5 plus 1 group -- the United States , China , France , Germany , Russia and United Kingdom -- on the other . But bilateral talks also are going on , the diplomatic source said , refusing to say who was talking to whom . The source asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the negotiations . The talks are going on behind closed doors and no public statements have been made so far . They 'll continue Tuesday , the source said . And the P5 plus 1 nations are prepared to offer more talks if the Iranians agree to focus seriously on the nuclear issue . The group has been meeting intermittently , with the last round of talks coming over a year ago . Mike Hammer , a spokesman for the U.S. National Security Council , said Sunday the talks would try "  to underscore the concern of the entire international community in Iran 's actions and intentions . " Iran already faces stiff sanctions from the international community , because it has continued to enrich uranium . With the political barbs flying back and forth regularly , tensions were raised even further last Monday when bombers targeted two Iranian nuclear scientists . Iran blamed Israel , the United States and the United Kingdom 's spy agencies for the attacks , which killed Majid Shahriari and injured Fereydoun Abbasi . But Ali Akbar Salehi , the head of Iran 's Atomic Energy Organization , told state-run Press TV on Sunday that the "  assassination of Iranian scientists will not hamper our progress . " Salehi also said that Iran is now producing yellowcake , meaning its nuclear program is self-sufficient since it now produces everything needed to make nuclear fuel . He said the yellowcake came from the Gachin mine near Gander Abbas , on Iran 's southern coast near the Strait of Hormuz . It 's not clear that Iran actually has the technology to complete the entire nuclear fuel cycle , despite Sunday 's announcement . But U.S. officials were n't surprised by the announcement , with Hammer saying , "  Iran has been trying to develop an indigenous program for years given that the import of yellowcake is banned by United Nations Security Council resolutions . " He said the move raises further concerns about the Middle Eastern country 's intentions , "  given that Iran 's own supply of uranium is not enough for a peaceful nuclear energy program . " CNN Senior International Correspondent Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	NEW : Sources say the talks are over for the day and will resume Tuesday U.S. , British , Chinese , Russian , French , German and Iranian officials meet The discussions are the first on Iran 's nuclear program since over a year ago Iran expresses concern about attacks on its nuclear scientists
Cairo  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Egyptians turned out in Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Friday to protest plans for a constitution that would shield the military from public oversight . The throng , dominated by Islamist parties but also including secular forces , comes ahead of upcoming parliamentary elections set to begin on November 28 . Egypt has been ruled by the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces since the departure of President Hosni Mubarak earlier this year . The military said it wants to transfer power to a civilian parliament and president . But protesters are upset about proposed principles for the constitution , in which the military 's budget would not be scrutinized by civilian powers . They worry that the military would be shaped as a state within a state . The outpouring reflects the power of Islamist forces in Egypt , particularly the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party . The demonstrations occurred a day after hundreds of Coptic Christians marching in Cairo were attacked by unknown assailants . At least 32 people , including two police officers , were injured . They were heading to Cairo 's Tahrir Square to commemorate the deaths of pro-Coptic protesters killed in clashes in the Egyptian capital last month . Problems between Egypt 's Muslim majority and the Copts have been on the rise in recent months , with a number of violent clashes reported between the two groups . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report	Islamists and secular demonstrators are in Tahrir Square Elections begin on November 28 Copts attacked Thursday ; injuries reported
CNN  -- The curtain is coming down on the New York City Opera after it failed to raise the $ 7 million it needed to stave off bankruptcy . On top of that money , the opera company also needed to raise an additional $ 13 million by the end of 2013 to put toward future seasons , it said in a news release . Because it "  did not achieve the goal of its emergency appeal , " it said in a statement Monday , "  the board and management will begin the necessary financial and operational steps to wind down the Company , including initiating the Chapter 11  bankruptcy  process . " The company had hoped to raise $ 1 million of the $ 7 million through an online site , Kickstarter.com , in a campaign that ended Monday . It raised only $ 301,019 from more than 2,000 donors . The organization raised $ 1.5 million outside of the Kickstarter campaign , according to Risa Heller , spokeswoman for the New York City Opera . "  The odds have been against us for a long time , " George Steel , general manager and artistic director for the company , said in a video for the failed online campaign , "  but in the face of that difficulty we have made tremendous progress . " The company , dubbed "  The People 's Opera " by former New York City Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia , was founded on the principle that every New Yorker should be able to afford to go to the opera , Steel said . He explained that in order for the company to break even , it would have needed to sell every ticket for $ 600 . Instead , the starting ticket price was set at $ 25 to make the experience affordable . The New York City Opera received critical praise in the past for its world premieres of works including Robert Ward 's "  The Crucible " and Anthony Davis ' "  The Life and Times of Malcolm X. " It opened its current season on September 17 with the opera "  Anna Nicole , " which turned out to be the company 's last production . "  We need the help of the people we were founded to serve to put on our season this year , " Steel had said , speaking to New York residents and opera fans everywhere . "  We need you to come together and carry it forward into the future . I hope we can count on you . " In a statement from the American Federation of Musicians , President Tino Gagliardi said that despite the musicians making great sacrifices in wages and benefits to keep the City Opera afloat they long feared this would happen . "  NYCO management 's reckless decisions to move the New York City Opera out of its newly renovated home at Lincoln Center ... predictably resulted in financial disaster for the company , " Gagliardi said . The opera company left Lincoln Center in 2011 in an effort to save money . Since then it had staged performances at various venues . This year marked the 70th anniversary of the New York City Opera , which opened in 1943 as the second opera house in the city . The Metropolitan Opera was founded over 60 years earlier , in 1880 .	"  The People 's Opera " was founded on the idea that every New Yorker should have access For the company to break even , all tickets would have to cost $ 600 each , its GM says The company "  did not achieve the goal of its emergency appeal , " a statement says
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Former Argentine President Nestor Kirchner resigned as leader of the ruling political party Monday following a poor showing in Sunday 's elections , the official news agency Telam reported . Former Argentine Nestor Kirchner accepts defeat Sunday in legislative elections in Buenos Aires . The ruling Justicialist Party , or PJ by its Spanish acronym , lost its majority in the Chamber of Deputies after being defeated in 18 of 60 races , the newspaper Clarin reported in its Monday editions . The party also lost four Senate contests . The new composition of Congress could shift power away from Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , Kirchner 's wife . Nestor Kirchner also lost a race for a congressional seat in Buenos Aires province . He lost his bid to Francisco de Narvaez , who leads a rival Peronist party , Union PRO , by a tally of 34.6 percent to 32.1 percent . The Kirchners ' party also lost in some of the most important urban centers , including Santa Fe , Cordoba , Mendoza and Entre Rios . Argentina 's ability to withstand the global economic slowdown was a key election issue . Economic indicators from Argentina look good , but there is broad agreement among analysts that indicators such as inflation are underreported by as much as half . An effort by Cristina Kirchner , who succeeded her husband , to tax agricultural exports led to a standoff with angry farmers who ultimately forced the government to backpedal . "  The Kirchners have been weakened by this latest economic crisis , " said Robert Pastor , who was a Latin America national security adviser for former President Carter . The election could signal that the limelight on the country 's most powerful political couple could be evaporating . "  They 'll probably begin to fade from the scene , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute . "  It 's going to be very hard for them to govern unless they do something they have n't been willing to do -- compromise and reach consensus . " CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Ex-Argentine President Nestor Kirchner steps down as leader of ruling party Ruling Justicialist Party loses majority in Argentina 's Chamber of Deputies New composition of Congress could shift power away from president Analyst : "  The Kirchners have been weakened by this latest economic crisis "
Beijing  CNN  -- President Hu Jintao has said what so many others have been thinking : the Chinese Communist Party is under threat . In front of more than 2,000 delegates at the opening of the 18th Communist Party Congress in Beijing , Hu made plain there is a cancer at the heart of the system and it is called corruption . "  Combating corruption and promoting political integrity is a major political issue . If we fail to handle it , it could prove fatal to the party and even cause the collapse of the party and the fall of the state , " he said . It would be tempting to dismiss this as empty rhetoric , an attempt to placate an increasingly anxious and angry population . But this is n't just about words . Chinese politics has been battered this year ; a year of scandal , embarrassing revelations about the riches of party leaders , a slowing economy and a perilously widening wealth gap . With one former leader , Bo Xilai , purged from the party and awaiting trial , Hu was putting others on notice . "  All those who violate party discipline and state laws , whoever they are and whatever power or official positions they have , must be brought to justice without mercy , " he warned . This is the last time Hu will address the Congress as party chief . Xi Jinping is preparing to be appointed General Secretary at the end of the meeting next week , and next year will be installed as state president . Hu ends his ten years at the helm of a country that has risen to be the second biggest economy in the world -- closing fast on the United States . Yet , the nation is far from Hu 's much vaunted "  harmonious society . " The economy is overdue for reform , the old model of high investment , mass exports and cheap labor is looking tapped out . The party is trying to shift gears to be more domestic consumption-orientated , but economists say that is going to require significant investment in the social safety net to turn a nation of nervous savers into spenders . Social unrest is on the rise with people , especially in rural areas , protesting against everything from environmental pollution to the rule of law and land seizures . Ethnic groups continue to complain of victimization . Just this week there have been more reports of Tibetans setting themselves alight as part of a campaign for political and religious freedom . Human rights groups say dissidents -- particularly lawyers , writers and artists -- are languishing in prison or under house arrest . Some China watchers say Hu 's warnings about the fall of the party are meaningless , rather it his leadership that should be blamed . "  These are only empty words which sound good . In these ten years , China is nothing close to harmonious but the conflicts and contradictions have become worse . In fact , it is reaching a crisis moment , " said Zhang Min , from China 's Renmin University . It will fall to Xi to save the party from itself . But this is a man who remains a mystery to many China watchers , though someone who has risen through the ranks being careful to keep his views to himself . On a trip to Mexico in 2009 , he lifted the veil just a little . Speaking to Chinese workers , he revealed a leader who may be more inclined to look for blame outside China than to criticize his own . "  There are some bored foreigners with full stomachs who have nothing better to do than point fingers at China , " he said at the time . As Hu ponders the party 's demise , historian Zhang Lifun says Xi above all else will be dedicated to its survival . He 's a son of the party , labeled as a "  princeling " because his father was a revolutionary hero . "  He is part of a consensus to keep the Communist party as the only ruling party . Any so-called liberty must only be on the condition of the survival of a one-party dictatorship , " he said . Xi 's very future depends on it .	Outgoing President Hu Jintao warned against corruption in China He was speaking at the start of the 18th Communist Party Congress China has been beset by political scandals , corruption claims and slowing economy But critics argue Hu himself is to blame for many of China 's problems
CNN  -- Get out the coats , boots , and shovels ; people in some parts of the country are in for it this winter , according to the Farmer 's Almanac . Break out your winter gear -- the Farmers ' Almanac is predicting a rough winter for large parts of the U.S. . The longtime periodical , published since 1818 and famous for its long-range weather predictions , is out with its annual winter forecast , which says Old Man Winter is really going to hammer folks in the Midwest and upper Great Lakes region with very cold and very snowy conditions . The almanac puts it this way : "  A large area of numbingly cold temperatures will predominate from roughly east of the Continental Divide to west of the Appalachians . The coldest temperatures will be over the northern Great Lakes and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan . "  But acting almost like the bread of a sandwich , to this swath of unseasonable cold will be two regions with temperatures that will average closer to normal -- the West Coast and the East Coast . " But do n't let your guard down if you live along the East or West coasts . Farmer 's Almanac managing editor Sandi Duncan says no one will be immune to the rough weather this winter . "  Even the areas that we say are going to be like the bread of the ice-cold sandwich are going to have bouts of stormy conditions . There 's no way it 's going to be that mild of a winter , " she says . Nasty weather is also in the forecast for late in the season as winter moves toward spring . "  We 're actually predicting a possible blizzard in the northeast to the mid-Atlantic states sometime in February , " Duncan says . "  And it does look like the cool temperatures to the cold temperatures are going to hang on . And spring does look kind of rainy . " The Farmers ' Almanac gets pretty specific about that late-season blizzard forecast . According to Duncan , "  February 12th-15th looks very stormy with blizzard conditions possible especially in New England but also going down to the mid-Atlantic coast . " The periodical says , "  While three-quarters of the country is predicted to see near - or below-average precipitation this winter , that does n't mean there wo n't be any winter storms ! On the contrary , significant snowfalls are forecast for parts of every zone . " CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this story .	The Farmer 's Almanac is out with its annual predictions for winter weather It says the Great Lakes region and Midwest should expect bitterly cold weather East , West Coasts should be more seasonable , but winter storms still likely Looking for relief in the spring ? Too bad -- it 's expected to be cool and rainy
The Burmese migrants accused of the murder of two British tourists on the Thai resort island of Koh Tao have retracted their confessions , according to Burmese media . Following a visit from a consular lawyer , the two men , Zaw Lin and Win Zaw Htun , say that they made their statements admitting to killing David Miller and raping and murdering Hannah Witheridge , under duress . The two men have been in police custody since October 1 and confessed shortly after that . The murder of the British tourists occurred on September 15 . The bodies were found partially undressed with severe injuries to their heads . A hoe with blood on it was found close by , police said . Aung Myo Thant , a lawyer attached to the Myanmar embassy , visited the accused and later reported that one of the Burmese migrants had only admitted the crime after being beaten by the police and threatened with electrocution . Myanmar , a former colony which gained independence from Britain in 1962 , is also known by its colonial name , Burma . Calls to the Thai police force , and the Myanmar embassy in Bangkok , by CNN went unanswered Thursday . Torture denied The revelation comes a day after the national police chief held a press conference denying that the police had extracted the confessions through use of torture , the Bangkok Post reported . The Thai newspaper quoted Aung as saying , " "  They told me that they were on the beach that night drinking and singing songs . "  They said they did n't do it , that the Thai police -LSB- along with their Myanmar-Thai translator -RSB- beat them until they confessed to something they did n't do . They 're pleading with the Myanmar government to look into the case and find out the truth . They were a really pitiful sight . Their bodies had all sorts of bruises . I have already reported all that I have seen today to my government . " Amnesty International called upon Thai police to launch a full , independent investigation into reports that the police have been using force to extract information from migrant workers from the neighboring country in connection with the investigation . Allegations of torture should be investigated independently , and not by the Thai police , Richard Bennett , Amnesty International 's Asia-Pacific Program director , told CNN . He also said there were questions of due process that had arisen , specifically the absence of legal counsel prior to the confession , and difficulties with interpretation . "  There is a fairly long-standing record of ill-treatment , " in Thailand , he said . "  Impunity is also a problem . If the investigation shows ill-treatment , those responsible should pay . " The fact that the suspects are migrant workers , many of whom work in Thailand illegally , makes them more vulnerable , Bennett added . Calls to the Thai police force , and the Myanmar embassy in Bangkok , by CNN went unanswered Thursday . Police Commissioner Gen. Somyot Poompanmuang had previously told CNN that DNA in semen taken from Witheridge matched samples taken from the two men . "  The DNA matching result is out already and they matched with DNA found on the female victim , " he said . But Bennett said that regardless of the outcome , and despite the high profile nature of the case , proper procedure should be followed to allow justice to be properly served . "  We do n't take a position on their guilt , " he said . "  It is a horrendous crime , and involved British young people so there is tremendous pressure to get a conviction but this should n't be a reason to cut corners . "	Burmese migrants who had previously confessed to double murder retract confessions Police had held a press conference the previous day to deny torturing suspects Amnesty International condemns act , calls for independent investigation
Two cruise ships marked the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the RMS Titanic by tossing wreaths into the North Atlantic early Sunday morning directly over the site of the ship 's wreckage . The 450 passengers gathered on the Azamara Journey , a ship chartered for a "  Titanic Memorial Cruise , " began their evening of remembrance by sitting in silence as 1,503 names of those who perished aboard the Titanic were displayed on a projection screen . A ceremony followed . "  We pray for the departed , especially those who died on this night 100 years ago , " said the Rev. Robert Lawrence . "  We pray for the relatives of all those who died in Titanic . " Descendants of the dead , as well as Titanic enthusiasts , were among the crowd that had gathered for the occasion . Earlier in the night , an announcement was made to let passengers know they were passing over the point where the Titanic put out its distress signal , alerting others that they needed help . A few hours later , two wreaths were tossed overboard into the chilly waters as a way of honoring those whose lives were lost . Why the Titanic fascinates more than other disasters "  This is very emotional for me to be here , " said Diane Lind of Blaine , Washington . "  I 'm right above where that ship went down and all those people perished ... All those people were out in this frigid water , frigid temperature outside and within minutes they were gone . " Lidia Anorga of Miami echoed the sentiments . "  It 's about paying respects . I wish that in some way they would know that 100 years later we 're still remembering them and thinking about them , " she said . The Journey is one of two ships chartered by Miles Morgan Travel for the Titanic event .	RMS Titanic sank 100 years ago Sunday , leaving 1,503 dead Two cruise ships leave wreaths at the site the ship went down Relatives of the dead are aboard the memorial cruises
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- From going to the moon to the explosion of the civil rights movement , the swinging 1960s was an era of conquering new heights and sweeping change . So when Newton Jibunoh had to return back home to Nigeria in 1966 , after completing his studies in London , the young engineer thought it was also time for him to blaze new trails . An adventure seeker , Jibunoh decided to embark on a journey that was destined to change the course of his life . "  The Sahara was the largest desert in the world and very active -- so I decided to explore it , " says Jibunoh , who was 27 at the time . Unfazed by the challenge , he drove home all alone by way of the desert -- from the UK , and ultimately through the vast , unforgiving sands of the Sahara , to Nigeria . "  Driving from Europe all the way across the Sahara , you must be ready to die , " says Jibunoh , who has since traveled across the world 's largest desert twice more . "  You have to tell yourself , ` look , it is possible I will die in the process , ' and you must be ready for it because it 's only when you 're ready for that and you 're confronted with death -- and I was confronted with death a number of times -- that you are able to deal with it . "  But if you 're not ready to die and you 're confronted with death , you panic and once you panic you lose focus and once you lose focus your life goes with it . " During his first solo expedition , Jibunoh was no stranger to near-death situations . He remembers negotiating for his life with bandits and having his possessions stolen ; he recalls the intense loneliness of the epic journey and struggling through the desert without access to clean water . Yet despite all the difficulties , Jibunoh says the beauty of the desert made it all worthwhile . "  You wake up in the morning at about 5 o'clock ... and then you watch the sun rise and this extremely peaceful and serene atmosphere and then you just look at the sun coming like a ball of fire , rising from the sand and then coming up , " recalls Jibunoh . "  At that time the temperature is close to zero in the desert , in the Sahara , so you can imagine a combination of that temperature and then looking up and watching this ball of fire coming out of the sand and creating a kind of scenery that you can not find anywhere else in the world . " But apart from discovering the majesty of the Sahara , Jibunoh also witnessed how drought , deforestation and human intervention were turning fertile land into desert and condemning people to acute poverty . In 1999 , after his second solo expedition across the Sahara , he realized he had to do something to help the people affected by desertification . "  I saw what is now known as the desertification , the encroachment of the desert , " he remembers . "  I saw the fact that it was depriving people of their farmland , I saw that it was also affecting water supply ; in some areas of the desert they do n't have rainfall for about six-eight years , so I saw a completely different life and that was what led me into starting some kind of advocacy that will bring this whole thing to the global arena . " Since then , Jibunoh has dedicated his life to curbing the scourge of poverty caused by the desertification . Now a prominent environmentalist , he started giving lectures , speaking at summits and visiting other deserts around the world -- from the Gobi in China and the Negev in Israel , to Arizona and Las Vegas -- to study how people across the world had succeeded in taming the desert and dealing with drought and famine . Jibunoh 's desire to take more direct action against the problem also prompted him to launch the Fight Against Desert Encroachment  FADE  initiative and set up a pilot project in the desert area of northern Nigeria . "  The FADE issue became a topical one because people were now able to see that you can actually recover land from the desert by doing some , what we call , land reclamation arrangement , " says Jibunoh , who also runs a museum in central Lagos . Jibunoh realized early on that combating the encroachment of the desert is a process that takes decades and requires collaboration , so he teamed up with Nigerian officials and started working with schools and universities to create a long-term effort . And in 2008 , aged 70 , embarked on his third and last expedition across the Sahara . This time he traveled with a group of scientists and environmentalists -- a means of passing on the torch to the younger generation , a process he enthusiastically continues to this day . He adds : "  I am in the process of putting together a formidable team ... of young men and women that can take over this crusade , that can take over this whole initiative and carry it to the next generation , that is my primary hope . "	Newton Jibunoh is a Nigerian environmentalist and explorer He witnessed extreme drought and famine on solo expeditions across the Sahara desert Jibunoh works to curb the scourge of poverty caused by desertification He 's traveled the world to find solutions and set up a pilot project in northern Nigeria
London  CNN  -- He 's brought bloodthirsty zombies , squalid junkies and murderous housemates to life on the big screen , but faced the toughest task of his career at London 2012 : bringing boogying nurses , bucolic scenes and butterflies on bicycles to a worldwide audience of a billion people . Danny Boyle , the Oscar-winning director -- and east London resident -- best known for hit movies "  Trainspotting " and "  Slumdog Millionaire " was the man responsible for the Olympic opening ceremony , the show that televisions around the world were tuned in to at the start of London 's long-awaited Games . And while those of his films set in Britain have painted a darkly comic picture of the country , "  Isles of Wonder " -- the "  Tempest " - inspired extravaganza which kicked off the Games -- proved much more of a celebration of the nation . Live blog : Let the games begin A billion people across the globe tuned in for the three-hour , $ 42.4 m show , which featured 10,000 adult volunteers , 900 children , 12 horses , 10 chickens , nine geese , three cows and a flock of sheep . With an uplifting , "  people power " theme combining references to British history and pop culture , the rambunctious ceremony covered subjects as diverse as the Industrial Revolution , the National Health Service , popular children 's book characters including Peter Pan and Mary Poppins , and pop stars past and present . It was well received in the United Kingdom and abroad , drawing an average audience of 40.7 million people in the US , topping the previous record of 39.8 million for the 1996 Atlanta Games . "  The Ceremony is an attempt to capture a picture of ourselves as a nation , where we have come from and where we want to be , " Boyle explained in a statement in the run-up to the Games , saying he hoped to tell the country 's story , with the help of a vast army of volunteers who , he said , "  are the purest embodiment of the Olympic spirit and represent the best of who we are as a nation . " "  We have to celebrate all that is great about the past but also all the potential Britain has in the future , " said British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  The difficulty is how do you cram in all that is great about our country , whether it is sport , art , literature , history , contribution to world events . I 'm confident they have done a good job and there were one or two moments I was really moved by . There 's something for everyone . " Opinion : Is Team USA 's militaristic uniform a problem ? Britons are known for their ability to laugh at themselves , and it appears Boyle sought to capitalize on this -- as The Economist noted recently , "  opening ceremonies are a country 's opportunity to sell itself to the world . Britain appears to be selling irony . " Olympics organizers say that Boyle 's experience , energy and unusual vision made him the perfect man for the job . "  His ability as a storyteller , as a creator of spectacle , his background in both theater and film and the passion he has for this city and this project -- they all just screamed at us , " said Bill Morris , director of Ceremonies for the London Games , when Boyle was appointed to the role . "  It was n't a difficult choice . " "  Danny gets this , " London 2012 Chairman Sebastian Coe told CNN back in 2010 . "  He gets the Olympic Games , he gets sports , he lives in London , he 's a stone 's throw from the Olympic Park , and it was just such an obvious fit . " It was not always thus : Boyle , 55 , was born into a working-class family in Manchester , northern England , the son of a power plant worker and a cafeteria employee , and as a child had hoped to become a Catholic priest . But after a school trip to see a much-lauded Royal Shakespeare Company performance of "  Richard II , " and a visit to the cinema with classmates to see Stanley Kubrick 's controversial "  A Clockwork Orange , " his ambitions turned instead to film and theater . Boyle studied English and drama at university , before working at the RSC and at London 's innovative Royal Court Theatre , where he was deputy director in the 1980s . He moved into television , and then on to movies , making his big screen debut with "  Shallow Grave , " the darkly humorous tale of three flatmates who discover a suitcase full of cash when their new lodger dies of a drug overdose . Despite being made on a shoestring budget -- Boyle is reported to have said the team behind it were forced to sell off furniture to buy film stock when the $ 1.55 m budget began to run short -- "  Shallow Grave " became Britain 's biggest grossing film of 1995 , earning $ 20m worldwide , as well as a string of positive reviews . He followed it up with "  Trainspotting "  1996  the critically-acclaimed story of a group of Edinburgh heroin addicts , which launched the careers of Ewan McGregor , Kelly Macdonald  "  Boardwalk Empire "  and Kevin McKidd  "  Grey 's Anatomy "  , and was hailed by Rolling Stone magazine as "  a visionary knockout spiked with insight , wild invention and outrageous wit . " London welcomes world for Olympics opening ceremony Its success -- the movie , which had cost just $ 2m to make , earned $ 72m -- prompted a move towards Hollywood , but Boyle 's career faltered with his first two big-budget projects , "  A Life Less Ordinary , " and "  The Beach , " and he briefly returned to television in the UK , before making his movie comeback with 2002 's post-apocalyptic zombie flick "  28 Days Later . " He then changed tone , directing the more family-orientated family feature "  Millions , "  2004  about two brothers who find a stash of pound notes only days before the UK is set to switch its currency to the euro . Five years later , he scooped the Oscar for Best Director when "  Slumdog Millionaire , " the story of a poor Indian teenager who wins a TV gameshow , swept the board at the 2009 Academy Awards . And it is the uplifting , life-affirming mood of "  Slumdog Millionaire " that the director brought to the opening ceremony , because despite the dark subject matter of many of his films , and his recent return to theater with a rapturously-received production of Frankenstein , Boyle insists he remains positive , an optimist . Speaking in 2010 , he said : "  I want it to feel like a very genuine expression of the welcome to the athletes and to the Games of the city , and especially from east London . " As the athletes launch into competition in venues around his home , his ceremony 's combination of novelty , national pride and nuttiness seems to have accomplished exactly that . Complete coverage : The 2012 Olympic Games Photos : Olympian outtakes Blind archer posts first world record of London Olympics	Danny Boyle is the mastermind behind the London 2012 Olympics opening ceremony Boyle is best known for hit movies "  Slumdog Millionaire , " "  28 Days Later " and "  Trainspotting " Despite the films ' black humor , director insists his work is positive , life-affirming Ceremony tipped as "  expression of welcome , " celebration of Britishness
CNN  -- Every time I hear Mitt Romney protest that he 's being attacked for his success , my head goes to that Pantene shampoo commercial from the early '80s where the actress opens with , "  Do n't hate me because I 'm beautiful . " Even as a kid , I remember being confused by this opening line when everything I saw around me celebrated beauty like hers . No one hated that woman for being beautiful , although in retrospect maybe we should have harbored some animosity for the shoulder pads and big hair that passed as fashion at the time . And just as Americans celebrate beauty , we also celebrate success , despite Mitt 's protestations . We 're a hopelessly optimistic bunch , and we love nothing more than to project ourselves into the rags to riches narratives that pervade our media , our business world , and our politics . So let me just address this to Mitt directly : Mitt , can we get this straight once and for all ? With the exception of the people who watched their jobs fly overseas and their communities decimated when you shut down their factories to make a profit for your private equity firm , Bain Capital , no one hates you for your "  success . " But taunting voters with your self-serving tax plan and your taste for expensive vehicles may not be the best way to instill confidence that you 'll help people have the chance at their own success someday . In fact , your single-minded insistence that this is at the root of any concern with your candidacy only reinforces the discomfort of many voters envisioning you in the White House . Indeed , as May Day protests once again call out growing economic inequality in our country , it 's hard to imagine these cries falling on more deaf ears than Mitt Romney 's . The problem is Mitt 's tendency to remind us at every turn that he spent some of that wealth on blinders that shield him from the facts of life as most Americans know them . Nowhere was this more apparent than the speech last week at Otterbein University in Ohio . As parents and kids huddle together around kitchen tables to consider whether college is even a possibility and Ohio continues to lead the nation in job losses , Mitt 's suggestion to the crowd of students was if they want to buy a business , they should borrow money from their  tapped-out  parents . From the $ 10,000 wager in the middle of a political debate to his insistence that $ 374,000 for speaker 's fee is "  not very much , " he continually demonstrates a fiscal consciousness orders of magnitude off from the average voter . The cumulative impact of these statements is not envy but flat-out astonishment that a presidential candidate could have so little knowledge of the typical economic conditions in our country . It almost feels like if Mitt Romney were to become president , he might have to spend the first couple years in language immersion classes in order to accurately grasp the situation on the ground . And no one is in a waiting mood . A recent report from the Fed shows some economic improvement but not by the rate we hoped and unemployment declining but not by much . Every time Mitt unmasks his inner privilege by ribbing guys at a NASCAR rally about their Walmart rain ponchos -- "  I like those fancy raincoats , " Mitt said to a group of men outside in the downpour , "  Really sprung for the big bucks ! " -- he reinforces a growing unease that if this guy ca n't see the same picture as the rest of us , he ca n't possibly change it . Against , this backdrop , Romney 's tax plan could sink his candidacy . His most recent plan would cut his own taxes by a projected $ 4 million while raising taxes on the poorest Americans through a repeal of the earned income tax credit . Tough sell when he 's worth $ 250 million and over half of American workers try to get by on less than $ 27,000 a year . Voters want to believe that success is within their reach , but equal opportunity is a key part of that equation . Ninety-seven percent of Americans think that everyone in our country should have equal opportunity to get ahead . So when Romney says he is "  not concerned about the very poor " while charging them to lower his own taxes , the problem is not that he has a lot of money , but that he 's going to make sure other people people ca n't . Only one president got away with a similarly distorted tax plan , because he was uniquely able to speak the language of the average Americans . His name was George W. Bush and most folks are n't keen for a repeat , even if Romney could wrap it in the folksy tone of his Republican predecessor . American presidents have almost always come from wealth , although no doubt Mitt Romney would rank up there at the top end of the spectrum . But our most revered leaders never lost sight of their own privilege and the responsibility that comes along with that . Franklin D. Roosevelt famously said , "  We have always known that heedless self-interest was bad morals . We know now that it is bad economics . " The Pantene girl knew that in the end we did n't hate her because she was beautiful -- otherwise , she would n't have sold any shampoo . The more Romney believes his problem is his success , the slimmer his chances of convincing Americans he might be the one for the job . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Ilyse Hogue : Mitt Romney says he 's attacked for being successful . Not so , she says She says Americans do celebrate others ' success , but do n't need to be taunted with it She says Romney 's gaffes -- and tax policy -- show candidate who does n't "  get " poor people Hogue : Many rich men have been president , but while privileged , behaved responsibly
CNN  -- A United Nations fact-finding team has found "  massive evidence " that the highest levels of the Syrian government are responsible for war crimes in the nation 's long-running civil war , the U.N. 's human rights chief said Monday . Navi Pillay did n't name President Bashar al-Assad , but she said the evidence collected by the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria implicates the regime 's top man . The panel 's members have "  outlined their view that the facts point to the commission of very serious crimes , war crimes , crimes against humanity , " Pillay , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , told reporters in Geneva , Switzerland . "  They point to the fact that the evidence indicates responsibility at the highest level of government , including the head of state . " Still , Pillay declined to say whether al-Assad was named in a list of suspects that the panel produced . The list is confidential -- not to be released until the matter goes from the fact-finding stage to a formal international investigation -- and even she has not read it , she said . Pillay said the evidence also shows that rebels have committed war crimes and pointed to the fact that the majority of deaths -- more than 100,000 since the civil war began in 2011 -- are from unlawful attacks with conventional weapons , not from chemical weapons , which have gotten much of the attention in recent months . A joint Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons-United Nations team charged with overseeing the destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons began inspecting sites in October . The U.N. Security Council resolution that authorized the mission set a deadline of mid-2014 for Syria to destroy its chemical weapons or face consequences . The goal is to move the most dangerous chemicals out of the country as quickly as possible , said Sigrid Kaag , head of the joint team . But the presence of chemical weapons inspectors has not stopped the influx of conventional weapons into Syria 's civil war . As recently as September , U.S. officials confirmed that they sent artillery described as light weapons , some anti-tank weapons and ammunition to Syrian rebels , and Russia has long supplied arms to the Syria 's government . Pillay called on U.N. member states to refer the report to the International Criminal Court , a move that might be blocked by the U.N Security council , where Russia and China have so far blocked efforts that could punish the Assad regime .	Report accuses "  the highest levels of Syria 's government " of war crimes Rebels are also implicated in the commission of war crimes , report says War crimes in Syria are "  very serious crimes ... crimes against humanity " The majority of people have been killed by conventional weapons , not chemical ones
Even before hitting newsstands , Monica Lewinsky 's essay in Vanity Fair provoked its share of reactions across social media , from shrugs to bemusement to outright hostility . The reactions are easy to understand when you 're talking about a former White House intern whose affair with Bill Clinton threatened to bring down his presidency . Now that her essay is out , it reveals a woman still haunted by the events of nearly two decades ago . It also offers insights into someone who has moved on . Here are the six major takeaways : 1 . She regrets the affair . Lewinsky devotes considerable ink to her various forays into the job market . We all know about the handbags she peddled in the late 1990s and her stint as a Jenny Craig spokeswoman . In her essay , she spells out awkward conversations in offices from Portland , Oregon , to London , hearing rejection upon rejection due to "  what my potential employers so tactfully referred to as my ` history . ' " Lewinsky recalls an interview in 2008 , in which fear of entanglements with the Clintons torpedoed her chances . "  There is a 25 percent chance that Mrs. Clinton will be the next president , " she recounts being told . "  We would first need a Letter of Indemnification from the Clintons . " "  I gave a fake smile , " she writes , a skill she apparently cultivated over 16 years of infamy , "  and said ' I understand . ' " Lewinsky clearly holds her notoriety responsible for these difficulties -- from finding meaningful work to emotional and romantic struggles . "  I look back now , shake my head in disbelief , and wonder : what was I -- what were we -- thinking ? I would give anything to go back and rewind the tape . " 2 . She 's dreading a Hillary 2016 run . "  Despite what some headlines will falsely report about this piece , this is not about Me versus the Clintons , " Lewinsky writes . Then why speak out now ? Because this ai n't her first rodeo . "  In 2008 , when Hillary was running for president , I remained virtually reclusive , " she writes . "  When I hear of Hillary 's prospective candidacy , I can not help but fear the next wave of paparazzi , the next wave of ` Where is she now ? ' stories , the next reference to me in Fox News ' coverage of the primaries , " Lewinsky says in her essay . But despite her doubts , she decided to go on the record because she did n't want to wait "  another 8 to 10 years " and because "  I turned 40 last year " and because "  I 'm determined to have a different ending to my story . " 3 . At times , she had "  suicidal temptations . " Another motivation for Lewinsky to write the piece : A young man named Tyler Clementi . The 18-year-old 's suicide in 2008 brought back memories for Lewinsky and her mother of some of the darkest times following the scandal , she writes . The Rutgers freshman took his own life after his roommate streamed a video , surreptitiously recorded , of him kissing another man . Clementi 's death struck a chord with Lewinsky 's mother "  It was an unbearably tragic event , " Lewinsky writes , but "  I could n't quite grasp why my mom was so distraught . " After the news of the affair broke , her mom "  stayed by my bed , night after night , because I , too , was suicidal . The shame , the scorn and the fear that had been thrown at her daughter left her afraid that I would take my own life -- a fear that I would literally be humiliated to death . " Lewinsky adds that she never attempted suicide but that she had "  strong suicidal temptations several times during the investigation and one or two periods after . " 4 . She was a "  foolish " 24-year-old . Throughout the essay , Lewinsky acknowledges her own complicity in her misery , but also steps back to mull over the spectacle of the affair , which she says was consensual . "  At the time -- at least from my point of view -- it was an authentic connection , with emotional intimacy , frequent visits , plans made , phone calls and gifts exchanged , " she writes . "  In my early 20s , I was too young to understand the real life consequences . " Looking back , Lewinsky muses on how difficult it was for her to move on . "  Unlike the other parties involved , I was so young that I had no established identity to which I could return . " "  If you have n't figured out how you are , it 's hard not to accept the horrible image of you created by others , " she observes . And also one of frustration "  I remained ` stuck ' for far too many years . " 5 . She dates . "  Yes . I date ! " 6 . She 's penned a compelling essay . Many may only read the headlines but that 's a mistake . The whole piece is worth consideration . Lewinsky 's story is , for better or for worse , part of America 's political history . Opinion : Stop judging Monica Lewinsky Clintons ' relationship with media still testy after all these years In political extramarital affairs , the mistress rarely emerges unscathed	Monica Lewinsky has many regrets She 's bracing for Hillary Clinton 2016 She had thoughts of suicide Her "  history " has cost her jobs
New York  CNN  -- Authorities in New York seized more than $ 9 million worth of opium hidden inside a shipment of porcelain figurines last month at John F. Kennedy International Airport , U.S. Customs and Border Protection announced Thursday . The seizure happened on January 21 , the agency said in a press release . More than 30 porcelain cats were discovered in a shipment from Thailand , labeled "  plastic samples " and despite an X-ray scan that yielded nothing suspicious , authorities chose to open the cargo and crack one of the figurines open , according to John Saleh , spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection . During the inspection , authorities discovered a total of 205 pounds of a brown , tar-like substance that turned out to be raw opium , mostly used to make heroin , Saleh said . The agency estimated the value of the opium at more than $ 9 million . Saleh could n't comment on the exact source of the package but did say it was intended for an address in the greater New York area . "  Most times we find cocaine and heroin , " Saleh said . "  Opium was kind of unusual to find , especially in that quantity . " Federal authorities said there have been no arrests , and the investigation is continuing .	The drugs were hidden in porcelain figurines The package was intended for a New York-area address
CareerBuilder.com  -- The importance of references seems to be a hot topic these days . Employers want to make sure they are hiring the right person for the job ; but some thwart the process because checking references can be labor-intensive . On the other hand , job seekers provide references they know will give a glowing report , but employers are getting smarter and finding references you did n't provide . So , what 's the deal ? Do references matter ? Do employers even check them anymore ? What 's the protocol for providing them to a potential employer ? Who are the best people to include as references ? And , if an employer does n't call any of your references , is it a bad sign ? While the definitive answer to any of these questions depends on the employer , overall , yes , references do still matter . The process has just changed . "  References play a huge role in the hiring process , perhaps now more than ever , " said Heather R. Huhman , founder and president of Come Recommended , an online community that connects internship and entry-level job candidates with employers . " Oftentimes , hiring managers fall in love with a candidate on paper and then again in an interview , only to find out through a reference check that none of their previous employers would ever hire them again . By checking a candidate 's references , hiring managers save themselves the frustration of hiring a person who is not a good fit for a company . In this economy , where hiring budgets are slim , every hire must be a great fit . " Provided references are no guarantee Though the majority of employers do check references , others skip this step . Not only is it labor-intensive to check references for people who might not be poised for a job offer , but Jack Harsh , adjunct professor at the University of Richmond Robins School of Business , said that many employers worry about the risk of liability in rejecting a candidate based on poor references . " -LSB- Hiring -RSB- decisions can not be based on information that is discriminatory in nature , so to avoid any liability , the checks are forgone , " Harsh said . "  Sadly , the first reference the employer gets in such cases is from colleagues after employment has begun . " Steve Langerud , director of career development at Depauw University , adds that sometimes , the quality of references is benign . "  Everyone wants to be helpful and supportive to former employees , but in the end , they offer little substance to a new employer , " he says . "  Legally , they are limited by what they can or want to say about former employees . I think the old formal system of references is dead in most professional fields . " Langerud warns that just because an employer is n't checking personal references the traditional way does n't mean he is n't checking references at all . "  Employers are more likely to check the informal , but tangible , behavioral reference sources like LinkedIn , Facebook , credit history -LSB- or -RSB- criminal history than the more subjective references provided by candidates , " he said . "  Candidates should be much more intentional about crafting a professional identity that serves the role of a ` reference ' but within the context of the work , profession and colleagues you seek to engage . It eliminates the weaknesses inherent in the old style of references that become so watered down they are useless . " Making the right choices The last thing you want to do is give an employer useless references , but many job seekers make the mistake of not taking the time to thoughtfully choose the right people to speak on their behalf , said Elaine Varelas , managing partner for Keystone Partners , an outplacement and talent management consulting firm . "  You want people who can speak to your role as a professional , not as a nice neighbor , " Varelas said . "  Candidates can make their references count by prepping them to discuss their specific skills as they relate to the job and the impact they brought to the job , which can be just the differentiation needed in this highly competitive market . " Harsh agrees that when he receives a résumé with references attached , he gives them virtually no weight . "  They seldom are specific to the role my company seeks and are not meaningful in considering qualifications or traits of successful candidate , " he said . Finally , when it comes to protocol for submitting references , the process has changed as well . It used to be that applicants sent them in with their other application materials , but now , Varelas says , you should wait to provide references until you are asked . "  Most companies do not want your references until the end of the process and they will let you know when to provide a list of names and contact information . Do not send written references , " she said . "  These do not offer the highest impact as they are not specific on how you will fit into the job you are pursuing . It is better to spend your time preparing your references for the kinds of questions they will be asked , and what they can do to help you close an offer . " Helpful hints Harsh , Varelas and Langerud offer these 10 tips to ensure you do everything right when it comes to providing references : 1 . Include references only when requested by an employer . 2 . Carefully consider whom to provide after discussion with the prospective employer . The time to check references is before an offer is made , but after the candidate is either the final candidate or among the final few for the job . 3 . Seek references from people who actually know you and your work . Ask for permission to list them as a reference . 4 . Ask directly if they can provide you with a positive reference for the position  s  you are seeking . If they hesitate , move on ! 5 . Prepare your references about who will be calling them and what to focus on when talking about you . Always ask them to call you after they have been called . 6 . Prepare your references to speak consistently about your skills , but not identically . Suggest a different highlight for each person . Have 100 percent confidence in what they will say and how they speak about you , or cross them off the list . 7 . Provide accurate contact information about your references , and ask your references how they prefer to be contacted  e-mail , phone , etc.  . 8 . Let your references know what happens to you and the position  s  you applied for . Thank your references . 9 . Prepare a LinkedIn site to demonstrate your skills and interests . 10 . Participate in professional blogs to create a history of professional involvement in your field that is independent of your work history . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Refrences still matter these days , but the process has changed on how they are used Often times an employer will use more informal tools like Facebook and LinkedIn , said an expert Make sure to include references only when requested by an employer , and never before Seek references from people who actually know you and your work , not just personaly
CNN  -- A U.S. congressman is questioning whether the NCAA failed to hold the University of North Carolina accountable during a 2012 academic fraud investigation and is demanding answers from NCAA brass . If he does n't get them , he 'll call for congressional hearings and subpoena NCAA President Mark Emmert , Rep. Tony Cardenas told CNN . The California Democrat is referring to a probe in which the National Collegiate Athletic Association investigated UNC 's system of "  paper classes " -- independent studies requiring little work and no attendance . Athletes were able to get easy "  A "  s without actually going to class . The NCAA declined to sanction the university , saying the scandal was academic in nature , not athletic . However , whistle-blower Mary Willingham has said that paper classes were openly discussed as a way to keep athletes eligible to play , and former football player Michael McAdoo said he was forced into majoring in African-American studies , the department at the heart of the paper-classes scandal . "  I think it 's important to know if they are looking the other way , " Cardenas said . "  I think it 's very suspicious . " CNN analysis : Some college athletes play like adults , read like 5th-graders Cardenas ' call for an explanation could have implications for the NCAA , as it 's involved in three court cases aiming to dissolve the long-standing amateur model and give players more rights -- and possibly salaries . Meanwhile , the Student-Athletes Human Rights Project has filed a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education over UNC 's paper classes . The student-athlete advocacy group , based in Durham , North Carolina , alleges the classes violated Title IX because the number of male students taking them was disproportionate , and Title VI because too many black students took them . As more critics are emerging and speaking publicly about the way the NCAA handled the UNC case , the NCAA is standing by its assertion that athletes are paid with an education , are students first and should not receive salaries . Critics say that model is flawed because many athletes do not get an education . "  Kids who are walking out of these schools can not read . They are getting degrees that are worthless , " said Tom McMillen , a former congressman and basketball player who now serves as secretary for the University System of Maryland Board of Regents , speaking on the issue of NCAA reform last week at the nonprofit Aspen Institute . "  I think the chink in the armor of the NCAA is that they say you 're going to get an education . " In a Monday phone interview with CNN , McMillen stated his opinion succinctly : "  If these kids are n't getting an education , the whole thing 's a sham . " Emmett Gill , a former NCAA adviser and current head of the Student-Athletes Human Rights Project , raised the same point in a letter to Emmert asking for a renewed investigation at UNC . Gill said he believes the NCAA and UNC are ignoring the alleged academic fraud to protect the amateur model . If the NCAA were to admit that athletes are not getting an education , it would be devastating to the organization , Gill said . Two former college athletic officials-turned-reform advocates -- Gerald Gurney at the University of Oklahoma and David Ridpath at the University of Ohio -- also recently began reviewing academic fraud cases for which the NCAA handed down punishments , comparing them to UNC . They believe the data will demonstrate that the NCAA is ignoring the problem . "  They do pick and choose , " Ridpath said . "  The NCAA is abdicating their responsibility , and there is a clear and convincing case of academic fraud the NCAA is overlooking . " But the NCAA 's investigation is over despite recent revelations from McAdoo and Willingham 's public statements . When reached for comment , the NCAA said its "  rules only govern academic fraud as it relates to athletics departments and student-athletes . Any broader issue is not under the NCAA 's purview . " In 2012 , the NCAA did go to Chapel Hill to investigate . It was alleged that about a dozen players had dealings with agents -- a big NCAA violation . Then , information surfaced suggesting one of the most prestigious public universities in the country had been passing athletes through classes that they never had to attend . There was talk that the allegations could deliver a devastating blow to the institution , perhaps even going back to its 2005 and 2009 basketball championships . But that did n't happen . While the football team had to vacate wins and forgo scholarships because of the agent scandal , little came of the academic fraud probe . The NCAA came to town , punished a few players and left , finding no evidence of institutional fraud . Willingham was never contacted or interviewed , and UNC was left to police itself . The school instituted more than 180 reforms to make sure paper classes did not continue . But no one asked why : Why did UNC need to create these easy-A classes ? Who came up with the idea ? Who knew about it ? McAdoo was one of the players caught up in the scandal . A defensive end recruit with numerous Division I coaches trying to woo him , McAdoo chose North Carolina , not just to play ball , but because he wanted to major in criminal justice . He wanted an education , he said . "  When the coaches and academic staff came to my house all the way in Tennessee , you know they was n't even talking football . They was talking academics , " McAdoo said . "  So they were saying , ` You know what ? We ca n't promise your son that he 's going to go to the NFL , but one thing that we can promise him is that he will get a college degree . ' " They did n't make good on that promise , he said . On his second day of school , athletic advising handed him a schedule and told him what classes he 'd be taking . None of them was related to criminal justice . Instead , there was an African-American studies class , something McAdoo says he had no interest in . He felt "  lied to , " he said . When the academic fraud scandal broke , the NCAA said one of McAdoo 's tutors had done too much work for him . "  The university knew what was going on and they knew I was taking paper classes and they kind of swept it under the rug , " he said . He was declared academically ineligible , and right before his senior season , he says he felt forced to leave Carolina . And after a short stint with the Baltimore Ravens , he went to the Canadian Football League , where he 's now playing . McAdoo and his attorney , former North Carolina Supreme Court Justice Bob Orr , say they feel like the NCAA picked on McAdoo while ignoring the larger institutional problem . "  The individual players were singled out , " Orr said . "  Literally thrown under the bus , in my opinion , by the way the enforcement process works , and I think the university hoped and the NCAA was compliant with the sense of ` OK , we 've punished the players . Let 's move on . ' " UNC has long insisted that the paper classes were solely the idea of one man -- now-indicted professor Julius Nyang ` oro , who was head of the African-American studies department . Two internal reviews commissioned by the university found there was no evidence that counselors or anyone in the athletics department knew about the abuse . UNC 's athletic reform Chairwoman Joy Renner told CNN that she believes the students found the easy classes by word of mouth and that UNC officials were stunned as to why Nyang ` oro would offer paper classes . McAdoo says that 's not true , and Willingham told CNN that paper classes were openly discussed within the athletics department as a way to keep athletes eligible . "  In the building , almost everyone would have talked about it , " she said , referring to working in athletics . "  And outside of the athletic department , some other people that were involved in advising certainly knew about the paper class system . " Willingham , who has studied athlete literacy for years and has personally worked with the athletes who were part of her study , previously told CNN for an exclusive story that there are athletes at UNC who are reading at elementary school levels . Some of the athletes who were pushed into paper classes were put there because they were n't reading at high enough levels to succeed in legitimate courses at North Carolina , she said . There are athletes -- including some who played on the 2009 championship basketball team -- who took as many as 12 paper classes , Willingham said , adding that it 's telling that one key indicator of graduation rates dropped significantly once the paper classes were uncovered and brought to an end . "  They were used for students who were in the NCAA tournament . They were used for students who were going to world competition , like soccer players . They were used for the Olympics , " Willingham said of the paper classes . "  They were used for summer classes for students who were playing baseball on the coast . They were used for students who were having eligibility issues . " UNC officials have attacked Willingham 's credibility and disavowed her research , saying of her research suggesting some athletes read at elementary school levels : "  We do not believe that claim and find it patently unfair to the many student-athletes who have worked hard in the classroom and on the court and represented our university with distinction . " But since she spoke to CNN , UNC has commissioned yet another investigation of the paper classes scandal . This time , Ken Wainstein , a former Homeland Security adviser to President George W. Bush , is doing the review . He has already spoken to Willingham and Debbie Crowder , Nyang ` oro 's secretary , and has talked to Crowder about the other people in athletics who were aware of paper classes , according to Crowder 's attorney . While Nyang ` oro faces a criminal fraud charge , the district attorney announced earlier this year that Crowder will not be charged , and unless more information is revealed , the active investigation is over .	A congressman questions the NCAA 's decision not to sanction UNC in fake class scandal A student-athlete group files complaints with the Department of Education over "  paper classes " UNC has sought new investigation since exposure of low literacy among athletes
CNN  Enjoy it while you can , but remember it wo n't last forever . That was President Barack Obama 's message to American consumers on Tuesday as he discussed near six year-low gas prices in an interview with The Detroit News ahead of a visit to Michigan on Wednesday to tout the recovery of the auto industry and the growth of American manufacturing . "  I would strongly advise American consumers to continue to think about how you save money at the pump because it is good for the environment , it 's good for family pocketbooks and if you go back to old habits and suddenly gas is back at $ 3.50 , you are going to not be real happy , " Obama said . The nationwide average is sitting just below $ 2.20 a gallon and many gas stations around the country are advertising gas prices below $ 2 a gallon . But instead of returning to "  old habits , " Obama advised Americans to save their money , "  or better yet " use the savings to buy a new car , for example . He said Americans should "  not believe that " gas prices wo n't rise again , explaining that demand for oil in booming countries like China and India will continue to rise , kicking costs back up . Oil prices have dropped more than 50 % in recent months , falling below $ 50 a barrel for the first time since 2009 on Monday . Many members of Congress are counting on gas prices to remain low , however , as they hope to use the low prices as an opportunity to increase the gas tax for the first time in more than two decades . As he touts the results of his bailout of the auto industry on Wednesday , Obama will also promote fuel efficiency at the Ford plant he is set to visit , which produces alternative fuel vehicles and small cars , The News reported . Obama gave the newspaper a preview of his speech Wednesday , in which he is expected to tout the resurgence of the auto industry and the boom of American manufacturing -- two key points of his plan for economic recovery , and elements he hopes will become a part of his legacy as president . "  The auto industry has led a resurgence of manufacturing in America , " Obama said . "  The quality of the cars has gotten so much better that we are competitive â $ " not just in SUVs â $ " but up and down the line . The branding of American cars is back to where it should be . Michigan 's unemployment rate has fallen faster than the overall employment rate . "	President Barack Obama advised Americans to be wise about their gas savings In an interview with the Detroit News , he reminded Americans that gas prices will eventually rise again Obama will travel to Michigan on Wednesday to tout the resurgence of the auto industry
CNN  -- A new SARS-like virus recently found in humans is "  a threat to the entire world , " according to the director-general of the United Nations ' World Health Organization . The so-called novel coronavirus "  is not a problem that any single affected country can keep to itself or manage all by itself , " Margaret Chan said Monday in her closing remarks at the 66th World Assembly in Geneva , Switzerland . The world needs to pull together its resources to properly tackle the virus which , Chan said , is her "  greatest concern " at present . "  We understand too little about this virus when viewed against the magnitude of its potential threat , " she said , and more information is needed "  quickly " and "  urgently . " "  We do not know where the virus hides in nature . We do not know how people are getting infected . Until we answer these questions , we are empty-handed when it comes to prevention . These are alarm bells . And we must respond , " she said . Novel coronavirus is part of a family called coronaviruses , which cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to SARS , or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome , as well as a variety of animal diseases . However , the new virus is not SARS . The virus had infected 44 people worldwide as of last week , most of them in the Middle East , according to the World Health Organization 's most recent update Thursday . Half of them have died . Also in its Thursday update , the WHO appeared to have given the novel coronavirus a name : Middle East respiratory symptom coronavirus , or MERS-CoV . A 23rd death was reported Tuesday , when a French hospital and the French government reported a man diagnosed with the coronavirus had died of organ failure . The patient , the first of two people to be diagnosed with novel coronavirus , died at University Hospital of Lille , where he had been treated since May 9 . The man contracted the virus while visiting the Arabian Peninsula , said Marisol Touraine , France 's minister of social affairs and health , in a statement . The second patient , also male , was in stable but very serious condition , the hospital said . One of the patients shared a room with the other and contracted the virus . Joint WHO missions with Saudi Arabia and Tunisia will take place as soon as possible , with the goal of gathering the facts needed to conduct a risk assessment , Chan said Monday . 5 things to know about dangerous , SARS-like virus Earlier this month , the WHO said two health care workers in Saudi Arabia became ill while treating patients . Novel coronavirus acts like a cold virus and attacks the respiratory system , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said . But symptoms , which include fever and a cough , are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . Gastrointestinal symptoms such as diarrhea have also been seen , according to the WHO . It 's not yet known how humans contract the virus , experts have said . Most of the cases so far have been seen in older men with other medical conditions ; precise numbers are hard to come by , as officials do n't know how many people might contract a mild form . Cases have been identified in eight countries including France and Saudi Arabia , according to the WHO . Other European countries include Germany and the United Kingdom . No cases have been reported in the United States , but infectious disease experts have said it would not be surprising . New SARS-like virus poses medical mystery Journalist Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : "  These are alarm bells , " said World Health Organization director-general NEW : The WHO dubs the virus MERS-CoV Patient with novel coronavirus dies of organ failure , French hospital reports Half of those diagnosed with the virus have died , experts say
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Suspected drug cartel leaders in Mexico do n't often answer reporters ' questions , although one did call a radio station a few days ago to offer the government a deal . Police escort suspected drug cartel leader Jose Alberto Lopez Barron on Wednesday in Mexico City . So it was rather unusual for Jose Alberto Lopez Barron to speak to journalists shouting at him during a police lineup Wednesday , opening up a new window on how his reputed cartel operates . Lopez Barron was arrested this week in connection with the torture and killings of 12 federal police agents in Michoacan state July 13 . Mexican federal officials say Lopez Barron , also known as "  El Gordo , " is one of the top leaders of La Familia Michoacana , a drug cartel blamed for a rash of violence that has left at least 18 federal agents and two soldiers dead since July 11 . Speaking in a calm manner , Lopez Barron said that even if the cartel acted outside the law , it operates in an orderly manner and under rules that not only cartel members have to obey , but also residents in Arteaga , one of the cities the cartel controls . "  You ca n't go around shooting off guns , " Lopez Barron said . "  You ca n't go around killing people , not only us but for the whole town . You ca n't speed in your vehicle . You ca n't traffick any kinds of drugs without telling us first . " Anyone who wants to sell drugs , he said , has to go through the Familia Michoacana . "  It has to be the company 's merchandise , " Lopez Barron said . "  He has someone there who I believe is in charge of distributing cocaine . " Cocaine can be sold retail , he said , but not methamphetamine , known as crystal or ice , since La Familia has prohibited it in the whole state . Lopez Barron said his direct boss was Servando Gomez , known as "  La Tuta . " Authorities said Gomez is La Familia Michoacana 's top leader . Gomez went on a radio show recently to offer a truce with the federal government . Mexican President Felipe Calderon quickly answered that the government does not make pacts with criminal organizations . Lopez Barron said authorities have tried to capture Gomez but local residents have protected him . "  Elements from the federal investigations agency arrived in town -- I would n't know the exact number of agents -- and we had to leave town for the hills . We arrived at a small ranch called La Peña , and they gave us nourishment and refuge . " The suspect said municipal authorities respect the cartel and it respects the local police . He said that although the sale of drugs has diminished , the cartel has not stopped paying local police for protection . Lopez Barron was one of four suspects arrested this week in connection the slayings of the 12 federal agents in southwestern Mexico . Officials said he had a handgun that was traced to one of the slain officers . The other three suspects -- Gamaliel Rodriguez Granados , Evaristo Armas Bello and Jaime Rafael Navarro -- were captured inside a taxi in a town in Michoacan , officials said . The killings were among a series of reprisals by La Familia after the federal police captured one of their top leaders , authorities said .	Jose Alberto Lopez Barron arrested in connection with deaths of 12 police agents Mexican officials : Lopez Barron a top leader of La Familia Michoacana drug cartel "  You ca n't go around shooting off guns , " suspect tells reporters Anyone who wants to sell drugs has to go through cartel , Lopez Barron says
Lee Kuan Yew , the founding father of Singapore and the man widely credited with molding the island nation into one of the world 's most prosperous countries , has been released from the hospital , where he was treated for an irregular heartbeat and "  stroke-like symptoms . " The 89-year-old Lee was resting at home , according to a statement from the office of his son , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong . Commonly referred to by his initials , LKY , the elder Lee was Singapore 's first prime minister after it gained independence from Malaysia in 1965 . His son is the third . Lee was admitted to Singapore General Hospital on Saturday after experiencing a suspected transient ischaemic attack , or a brief disruption of blood flow to a part of the brain , the statement said . A person generally has stroke-like symptoms during a TIA , but unlike a stroke , it may last only a few minutes and usually clears in less than 24 hours . A businessman at the time , Lee took over the helm of the swampy seaport of Singapore in 1959 and governed through the race riots of the 1960s . Transforming Singapore He molded Singapore into a major transport and financial services hub , with its port becoming one of the busiest around the globe . But he also created a Singapore bound by stringent laws and regulations that dictated most , if not all , aspects of society -- including media and political freedoms , censorship and even the selling of chewing gum . He voluntarily stepped down in 1990 , the first Southeast Asian strongman to do so , and turned power over to Goh Chok Tong . Goh ran a "  kinder , gentler Singapore " and helped dilute the perceptions of a Lee family dynasty . After 14 years in power -- steering Singapore through the 1997 financial crisis and the SARS outbreak , and reaching out to his neighbors and to the West -- 63-year-old Goh turned the office over to Lee 's son in 2004 . Enduring legacy Even after his departure from office , the elder Lee retained his influence around the world . "  This is one of the legendary figures of Asia in the 20th and 21st centuries , " U.S. President Barack Obama said during a meeting with Lee at the White House in October 2009 . "  He is somebody who helped to trigger the Asian economic miracle . " The next year , Time magazine listed Lee as one of the 100 people who most affected our world . "  The mark of a great leader is to take his society from where it is to where it has never been , " wrote former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger in the magazine 's entry for Lee . "  There is no better strategic thinker in the world today . "	Former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew is resting at home , his son 's office says Lee was treated for an irregular heartbeat and "  stroke-like symptoms " He molded Singapore into a major financial hub His son is the country 's third prime minister
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Imagine every time you closed your curtains , you were capturing enough solar energy to power your laptop . The technology is available , but no one 's packaged it up in a handy DIY kit at your local hardware store . Solar textiles use the same technology as traditional solar panels to convert sunlight into energy . Sheila Kennedy hopes to be the first . She 's not an interior designer but an architect and professor in practice at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who is convinced that solar textiles will revolutionize the way we collect and consume power . "  I 've been thinking about what happens when power and light become flexible , literally flexible , " she said . She calls it "  soft power , " as in the "  soft energy path , " a term coined Amory Lovins in the 1970s as a way to describe a world where renewable energy would gradually replace the centralized grid . Later , Joseph Nye used the term "  soft power " to describe the ability of persuasion , values and culture to influence change . Kennedy 's work with soft power builds on both of these ideas . For her , soft power is the ability of flexible materials to convert sunlight into energy . "  The soft power approach says there are some incredibly sensual , compelling , beautiful spaces and products that we can be producing using these emerging energy-harvesting materials , " Kennedy said . Her Boston-based firm , Kennedy & Violich Architecture , has been working with thin-film photovoltaic material , a fabric that looks and moves like cloth but does the job of a solar panel . "  These are materials which can be prepared in the chemistry lab or can be found in nature . They produce electricity when exposed to light . They are very efficient and flexible , " she said . "  We are pairing the thin-film photovoltaic material with another semi-conductor material , the light-emitting diode ; they 're two sides of the same coin . One takes a little bit of the energy of sunlight and transforms it into electricity ; some takes that electricity and turns it into light . " Rechargeable batteries pocketed into the hem of the curtains gather energy that can be downloaded into a larger home battery . "  From a technical view , the thin-film has the potential to be produced in very high volumes , with a very low embodied energy and a low carbon footprint . These new photovoltaic materials can be produced in the same way one might print and produce a newspaper , roll to roll . That can make it very affordable , " Kennedy said . Its limitations are its performance . It 's less efficient that glass-based solar technology , but Kennedy predicts that 's going to change . "  Right now there 's research being done on developing sensitivities in thin-film that will allow the energy to continue to be harvested , even at night . That 's going to revolutionize the applications for solar textiles , " she said . The current technology can be found hanging in the Vitra Design Museum in Essen , Germany , in a prototype pre-fabricated home called the Soft House . Farther south and west , the designers are taking their ideas from the Soft House and applying them to a research project for a Soft City . Kennedy and her team have calculated that by covering just 10 percent of a roof area in Porto , Portugal , solar curtains could provide as much as 70 percent of the average electricity used by a typical household each day . "  It goes to show that you do n't need a very large area . We 've calculated that 15 square meters would be enough . " Kennedy envisions a future in which a single homeowner or a group of neighbors would decide to wean themselves off the centralized grid and power their homes using the energy they 've "  harvested " themselves from the sun . "  You could look at it as a type of urban farming , " Kennedy suggested , adding that one of the reasons people are n't doing it now is not the lack of technology but old habits and inherited centralized building systems in architecture . "  Instead of tucking way electricity and lights in walls and accessing that with a plug , we have the possibility of thinking of a whole new experience for energy , energy-harvesting and for light . " She talks about material that you could reel in from the roof and wrap around to make a new type of instant room , a Zip Room . Plastic wall plugs would cease to exist ; instead you 'd harness your appliance into the surface or edge of the textile . Her ideas may seem radical to homeowners who do n't give much thought to where their power comes from or how much it costs , which is why Kennedy is so keen to see the solar curtains in consumer-friendly packs on hardware store shelves . "  Energy-harvesting solar textiles are a very good beginning point . I think that the notion of tying in a new technology with something very familiar really has its advantages if one 's about large-scale uptake and widespread adoption of a new energy regime . " Regime may sound like a hard word to be used in the context of soft power , but as Kennedy says , it 's up to architects and designers to convince homeowners that there are more efficient alternatives to traditional homes . Her firm is going one step further with the offer to work with developers and manufacturers who are interested in building digitally fabricated Soft House demonstration projects . "  My team is actively interested in speaking to people who are serious about realizing a pilot program that adapts the Soft House model to actual needs on urban or rural sites . I do think the moment is now . "	Solar-harvesting curtains could convert sunlight into power source for homes Rechargeable batteries slot into hem , power downloaded to larger battery Cheap to produce but not as efficient as traditional hard solar panels "  Soft House " curtain concept being expanded into plans for a "  Soft City "
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is VICE 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- On the afternoon of June 13 , 1981 , a Japanese man named Issei Sagawa walked to the Bois de Boulogne , a park on the outskirts of Paris , carrying two suitcases . The contents of those suitcases were the dismembered body parts of a fellow student , a Dutch woman named Renée Hartevelt , whom Sagawa had shot three days prior and had spent the days since , eating various parts of her body . The details of Sagawa 's brief incarceration and subsequent return to Japan are too vague and complex to state here , but for the sake of this introduction , I can say that on August 12 , 1986 , Sagawa checked himself out of Matsuzawa Psychiatric Hospital and has been a free man ever since . This is the point in the story in which things get really strange . In his 24 years of freedom since , Sagawa has experienced a level of notoriety ranging from perverse public intrigue to minor celebrity . He has published novels ; inspired songs ; been the subject of countless documentaries and magazine articles , and exploitation films in which he re-enacts his crime ; drawn manga novels and even directed his own personal pornography "  experiment . " Effectively , he has made a living off his crime . The prospect of not only meeting such a despicable man but spending several days with him was of course one of apprehension . A walk through his greater Tokyo apartment revealed an almost physical manifestation of his neurosis . Just inside the door , a wall-mounted black balaclava hangs next to cabinets filled with gargoyle-like statuettes , classic literature and trinkets collected over decades of travels  often with young girls he 's met under dubious circumstances  . Chairs are piled high with stuffed children 's toys . His room is like a 14-year-old boy 's : adorned with countless images of young girls , some painted by himself , some taken from celebrity magazines . See the rest of Issei Sagawa 's story at VBS.TV After an initial meeting , we went to a local restaurant for lunch , over which Sagawa recommended we visit the national park around Mount Fuji . "  Breathtaking scenery , " he assured us , "  and there is a part of the forest where people go to commit suicide called Aokigahara . If I could drive , I would go there and kill myself , " he remarked casually . I explained that , funnily enough , we had been there a few days prior , shooting a documentary surrounding the park , and actually the train was modestly priced . We returned to his tiny apartment and began the interview . Sagawa stared into the lens of the camera and began his story . Clearly , at times his delivery was scripted and straight from the pages of his novels . It was an abject despair at having to once again recount what he refers to as his "  incident . " He was constantly desperate to somehow validate his existence , and what unfolded was a confession of a man approaching the end of a very unusual life and having spent too much time reflecting upon it . Sagawa 's punishment , he believes , is the very thing that has supported him -- his fame and the irony is not lost on him . Personally , I feel that this torment has not been punishment enough . Furthermore , I feel that perhaps the blame is just as much upon us , the public . We have been encouraging this strange man to exist in order to feed our macabre fascinations , and the irony of that is not lost on me .	Issei Sagawa murdered a Dutch woman in 1981 , dismembered and ate her Sagawa was arrested , declared insane , institutionalized and ultimately released Now a celebrity of sorts , Sagawa has effectively made a living off his crime
Experts are predicting a record voter turnout for tomorrow 's presidential election . Long lines greeted early voters in Miami , Florida , last Thursday . That means long lines , and many people stewing over the amount of time they have to wait to cast their ballots . We all get angry at times , but it 's what sets us off and how we manage that anger that set us apart . "  It 's hard to say that anger is normal or not normal , " said Mark Crawford , a Roswell , Georgia-based clinical psychologist . "  It 's how angry you allow yourself to become that 's either healthy or unhealthy . " The American Psychological Association said anger may result in physiological and biological changes . "  It 's a flight or fight response , " Crawford said . "  Basically , my heart rate gets high or my blood pressure gets higher . Adrenaline and noradrenaline start secreting and it 's energizing me to do something . " He acknowledged that mismanaging anger can have a negative effect on health including increased cardiovascular problems such as heart attack and stroke , as well as poor lung function . Among his patients , Crawford revealed that he usually sees two extremes of anger : those who get too angry and those who ignore it all together . "  It 's a good thing to become angry if someone is mistreating you , if you 're being exploited , if someone is cheating you or someone is abusing you in a relationship , " he said . "  That is a healthy response . " What 's not healthy , he said , is ignoring a troubling situation and holding in your emotions . That can lead to depression and anxiety . Similarly , he does n't recommend giving full vent to your anger and "  letting it all hang out . " "  If you found yourself breathing fast and really pushing to get your words out and your voice keeps rising , you 're getting too angry and you need to de-escalate , " Crawford suggested . Professional therapists can help you determine whether your temper is out of control . One way is to undergo psychological testing that determines the intensity of anger and how you deal with it . "  Professional therapists can give you tools to get things under control . Not to make it go away , but to help control anger , " he said . He typically asks his patients whether they are using the anger to make positive changes or are "  you letting it hijack you so you 're reacting in an overly aggressive way ? " Crawford said some may find relief on their own and conduct their own version of anger management . "  The most effective thing is to slow your breathing down , " Crawford said . "  Take nice , slow , deep breaths . Just de-escalate your heart rate . " The American Psychological Association recommended breathing from the diaphragm . Shallow breathing from your chest wo n't be as relaxing , the group said . Another way to cool off is to repeat calm sounding words or phrases such as "  relax " and "  take it easy , " the APA suggested . Crawford also touted the benefits of hitting an imaginary pause button during an angry situation and calling for a time out . Redirecting your thinking can keep your temper from rising , he said . Avoiding stimulating chemicals such as caffeine , alcohol and nicotine might make a difference . "  A lot of times I 'll find people who are constantly angry and hot headed are ramped up on caffeine so their heart rate is already pretty high , " he said . Finally , Crawford urged his patients to review their past and consider whether they are harboring a grudge . "  You need to go back and see if there is anyone you need to forgive because ... that can really make you angry at other things . "	Anger is normal but what sets us off and how we react make a difference American Psychological Association : Anger can lead to physiological changes A professional therapist can help determine whether your temper is out of control Slowing down , deepening your breathing are effective anger-management tools
CNN  -- Some of the worst flooding the mid-South has seen in decades is thought to be responsible for at least 11 deaths in Tennessee , the Nashville and state emergency management offices said Sunday . Five of the deaths were in Davidson County , which encompasses Nashville , according to the Nashville mayor 's Office of Emergency Management . The rains have closed interstate highways , displaced thousands from their homes , prompted evacuations of hotels and nursing homes and turned city streets and parking lots into raging rivers . Parts of the state have been drenched with up to 20 inches of rain , with more expected . iReport : Experiencing the Tennessee floods ? Send photos , video On Sunday night , multiple vehicles were trapped by water on Interstate 40 with water rising around them and with authorities working since the afternoon to get to the cars , according to the Office of Emergency Management . Authorities have recovered bodies from a flooded house in Nashville and from an upside down vehicle floating on a flooded road , among other places , the mayor 's office said in a release Sunday night . Two young men who 'd gone tubing on a flooded creek on Sunday evening were missing , the mayor 's office said . Also on Sunday night , authorities were working to evacuate more than 500 residents from the MetroCenter in north Nashville . "  All of our major creeks and the Cumberland River are near flood level , if not at flood level , " Nashville Mayor Karl Dean said at a press conference Sunday , referring to the waterway that bisects Nashville . "  The ground is entirely saturated , and the rain continues to fall . There 's nowhere for the water to go . " The western two thirds of Tennessee has seen between 6 and 20 inches of rain since Saturday , with flooding spreading to Kentucky on Sunday . In Nashville alone , more than 600 people were rescued from the water this weekend , Dean said . Dean said Sunday that more rain has fallen in Nashville in the last 24 hours than has ever been recorded in the city . Video : Nashville resident captures ` practically a class two rapids ' on her neighborhood streets "  We are still at this point in rescue stage and will be until the water begins to subside , " he said . Dean urged residents to stay home Sunday and , if they could , to skip work on Monday , when Nashville schools will be closed and public transportation will be suspended . Two of the three temporary shelters -- which can each house 200 people -- opened by the Nashville mayor 's office had reached capacity by Sunday evening . The Red Cross reported approximately 400 people in 22 shelters throughout Tennessee . The floods shut down parts of interstates 24 , 40 and 65 around Nashville on Saturday and Sunday . The floods left 36,000 houses around Nashville without power on Sunday , while all Davidson County residents were asked to use water for essential purposes only after flooding closed one of the city 's water treatment plants . Flooding also led to the evacuation of three area nursing homes , affecting more than 250 patients , Dean said . Opryland Hotel expected to lose power Sunday night and staffers planned to ask their guests to evacuate , according to Janel Lacey , a spokeswoman for the Nashville mayor 's office . While some streams around Nashville were starting to recede on Sunday , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was planning to release dammed upstream water Sunday night , which could cause more flooding around Nashville , city emergency management chief Stephen Halford said . The water needed to be released to keep the Army Corps equipment safe , Halford said . The National Weather Service issued a civil emergency message Sunday to central and western Tennessee , telling people to stay off roads because too many are closed and people are getting stranded . The weather service also issued a flood emergency Sunday for much of central Kentucky -- where tens of thousands were trying to get home after this weekend 's Kentucky Derby -- and in south central Indiana . In Louisville , Kentucky , the National Turnpike and Gene Snyder Freeway were closed on Sunday . In addition to flooding fatalities , one Tennessean died over the weekend in a tornado in Hardeman County , the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency said Sunday . The mayor 's Office of Emergency Management in Nashville announced Sunday night that it had confirmed five fatalities in Davidson County -- which encompasses Nashville -- thought to be flood-related .	NEW : Bodies recovered from a flooded house and an upside down vehicle on a flooded road NEW : Multiple vehicles trapped by rising water on Interstate 40 NEW : Two young men who 'd gone tubing on a flooded creek were missing Flood emergency issued Sunday for central Kentucky and south central Indiana
CNN  -- Indian pair Achanta Sharath Kamal and Subhajit Saha added another Commonwealth Games gold to the host nation 's collection on Wednesday , beating Singapore in the men 's doubles table tennis final . The duo got off to a sluggish start at the Yamuna Sports Complex , losing the first game to Gao Ning and Yang Zi . In front a passionate crowd , the home pair managed to battle back , eventually coming out on top 3-2 in the best of five contest . "  This is the first time we have won the gold in men 's doubles , so it 's certainly historic , " Sharath told the official Commonwealth Games website . "  Personally , this has given me more satisfaction than my singles performance at Delhi 2010 . " "  We decided to adopt an aggressive strategy and Sharath came back really strong after his semifinal defeat in singles . We could not have expected anything better than this , " Saha added . In the pool , English diver Tom Daley won his second gold medal in two days , adding the 10 meter platform title to the synchronized diving crown he had already claimed in Delhi . Daley had to battle with Australia 's Matthew Mitcham throughout the competition , but the 16-year-old held his nerve to record perfect tens across the board in his third dive and beat the Olympic champion by 27.20 points . Elsewhere at the games , Australia won a thrilling women 's hockey final , clinching the gold medal after a penalty shoot-out victory against New Zealand . Australia led twice in the match , with New Zealand fighting back on each occasion before Jessica Arrold converted the winning penalty for the Hockeyroos . In the boxing ring , Manju Wanniarachchi won Sri Lanka 's first gold in the sport for 72 years by defeating Sean McGoldrick , of Wales , in the Bantamweight class . It was also a landmark day for Northern Ireland , who claimed their first boxing medals for 16 years as three of their men won title fights . The triumphant trio of Paddy Barnes , Paddy Gallagher and Eamonn O'Kane ensured their country finished the games top of the boxing medals table . On the cycling track , Scotland 's David Millar and Canada 's Tara Alice Whitten took the men 's and women 's gold medals respectively for the individual time trial . In shooting , the men 's skeet singles title was won by England 's Richard Brickell after he beat defending champion Georgios Achilleos from Cyprus in a shoot-off .	India claim gold in the men 's doubles Table Tennis competition Tom Daley wins a second diving gold medal for England Australia triumph in a dramatic women 's hockey final Sri Lanka claim first boxing gold for 72 years
CNN  -- A Libyan-backed ship carrying humanitarian goods for Gaza docked Thursday at Al Arish in northern Egypt and unloaded tons of aid from the Gadhafi Foundation , a charity headed by the son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . The vessel reached Egypt after sailing from Greece on Saturday with 2,000 tons of aid . It was the latest ship attempting to breach an Israeli naval blockade of the Palestinian territory of Gaza whose captain was persuaded to dock elsewhere instead . The aid includes food , medicine , and construction materials to be taken from the port to the Gaza border about 25 miles  42 km  away . Israel said it must inspect all goods prior to their entering Gaza to ensure that weapons do not get into the hands of militants . Gaza is run by Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist movement . The Gadhafi Foundation refers to the ship as the Hope , although it appears to be registered as the MV Amalthea . It is Moldovan-flagged and run by ACA Shipping , based in Greece . Israel came under fierce international criticism after Israeli navy commandos boarded a Gaza-bound Turkish aid ship in May and nine people died . Israel said the activists on that ship attacked its troops when they boarded the boat . The Israeli assault on the Turkish ship reverberated internationally and highlighted the Gaza blockade . Israel has resisted demands for an international inquiry into the incident , but an Israeli military investigation into the boarding of the Mavi Marmara criticized some aspects of the operation . From CNN 's Ben Wedeman	NEW : A Libyan-backed ship carrying aid for Gaza unloads at the Egyptian port of Al Arish The ship 's captain is awaiting final approval to unload aid The ship attempted to break an Israeli naval blockade of Gaza , but was diverted Israeli soldiers killed nine activists aboard another aid ship in May
CNN  Britain 's Prince Harry is preparing for a new chapter in his life . After nearly a decade with the British military , he has announced in a statement that he is leaving the armed forces . "  Moving on from the Army has been a really tough decision , " he said in a statement released Tuesday . "  I consider myself incredibly lucky to have had the chance to do some very challenging jobs and have met many fantastic people in the process . ... -LSB- T -RSB- he experiences I have had over the last 10 years will stay with me for the rest of my life . " "  Captain Harry Wales , " as he is known , from his official title and name of His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales , began his formal military duties in 2005 at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst . The younger son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana seemed to thrive in a military setting . He managed to curb his wild ways  for the most part  , served two tours in Afghanistan and achieved the rank of captain in 2011 . He has also qualified as an Apache Aircraft commander . Prince Harry does have a few more responsibilities before he returns to civilian life . He 'll spend the last two months of his operational service attached to Australian Defence Force units in Darwin , Perth and Sydney . "  We have prepared a challenging program that will see Captain Wales deploy on urban and field training exercises , domestic deployments , as well as participate in Indigenous engagement activities , " said Air Chief Marshal Mark Binski of the Australian Defence Force . "  While all our units are highly capable , we have selected those units that best utilise Captain Wales ' skill sets and give him some experience of the diverse range of capability we have within the ADF . " Work with wounded soldiers will prepare the prince for the position he will take up in August . He will work in a volunteer capacity with the Ministry of Defence 's Recovery Capability Programme and the London District Personnel Recovery Unit . Both groups assist wounded or sick soldiers either return to duty or transition to civilian life . "  Wounded warriors " are a special interest for Prince Harry . He helped spearhead and continues to champion the Invictus Games , a competition for former military personnel who have been wounded in the line of duty . Prince Harry will still have royal duties to attend to while he is finishing his military service . He will accompany Prince Charles on a trip to Turkey at the end of April , for commemorations marking the battle of Gallipoli . And he will undertake an official Royal tour of New Zealand in May , after his service with the Australian Defence Force is complete . "  This is a big , bold step for Prince Harry , " said CNN Royal Correspondent Max Foster . "  The military provided him with an escape from public life . He thrived being ` just one of the guys . ' But , as I understand it , he feels he 's reached a natural crossroads in his career . The next steps would be staff college and desk jobs and that 's not for him . He 's passionate about the military , though , and I do n't think will ever lose that connection . "	Statement : Prince Harry to leave military service in June The prince is set to continue work with wounded veterans
All BlackBerry did Wednesday was change its corporate name , introduce two new smartphones and launch a bold new mobile operating system , BlackBerry 10 , that may be the struggling company 's last stab at relevance . Now it 's up to consumers to render a verdict on whether BlackBerry 's new offerings -- the all-touchscreen Z10 phone and the Q10 , which still has a keyboard -- are worth buying over iPhones or Android devices . BlackBerry  they 're now no longer known as Research in Motion  still has some work to do , and early reviews of BlackBerry 10 have been mixed . But there are some promising signs out there . Here are five reasons BlackBerry 10 may win over fans , new and old . New productivity features Large companies and government agencies have historically been BlackBerry 's core clients . But in recent years more people have been bringing their own devices into the workplace , choosing to stick with fun , app-laden phones over devices that just offer security and IT-department approval . For BlackBerry 10 , the company smartly focused on features that maximize productivity and speed . A new feature called Balance splits a BlackBerry phone into two separate devices , one for work and one for personal use .  Balance is only for customers connected to BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 at work .  The separate profiles cordon off sensitive work information so that IT departments can control the flow of data . Personal apps , e-mails and photos are on the Personal side , so you can jump from one profile to the other . It 's a way to manage both sides of your life without sacrificing privacy or security , and without dragging around two separate devices as some BlackBerry users have been doing . CNNMoney : BlackBerry 's Z10 and BB10 feel a generation late Being productive requires switching between apps and tasks quickly and seamlessly . At the BlackBerry 10 launch event Wednesday morning , executives demonstrated something called BlackBerry Hub , which collects all a user 's notifications in one spot . It can be accessed from anywhere on the phone with a swipe , and shows social media , calendar , BBM , e-mail and other updates  you can pick what shows up here to minimize noise  . You can have up to eight apps going at once , and the feature lets users quickly switch back and forth between messaging platforms without having to open or close apps or revisit the home screen . Another popular tool , BlackBerry Messenger  BBM to its friends  , got a new upgrade . The messaging app already allowed for free voice calls over Wi-Fi , but in BB10 it 's adding a FaceTime-like video-chatting feature . Perhaps its coolest new trick is the ability to share your phone 's screen with the person on the other end of the call  if they 're also on a BlackBerry 10 device  , so you can review work documents or enjoy photos together without having to e-mail or upload the files . Big-name apps A smartphone is only as good as its app-store selection . BlackBerry has been working hard , and spending money , to fill up its app store with over 70,000 apps for the launch of BlackBerry 10 . However , many of those apps are old BlackBerry or Android apps that have been ported over to the new system , not designed specifically for its features . It 's going to require quality , not just quantity , for people to leave behind the Apple App Store and Google Play store . BlackBerry has managed to secure an impressive number of big-name apps out the gate . Skype , Kindle , WhatsApp , SAP and "  Angry Birds " have committed to developing for BlackBerry 10 , which means they 're on the way soon , if not in the online store yet . Popular apps such as Facebook , Twitter and LinkedIn already have BlackBerry 10 apps . But there are still many missing pieces , such as apps for Instagram , Hulu and Google products . BlackBerry is clearly aware of the importance of robust app offerings . But app developers might still need to be convinced that the new platform will catch on and not be a waste of their time . Typing is easy to learn BlackBerry fans are good at resisting change . Its diehard users have stuck with the company even though there were more advanced phones running superior software and featuring stores stocked with many more apps . The biggest sticking point was the beloved physical keyboard that could be navigated with a lone speedy thumb . Although BlackBerry announced two devices on Monday , it was the keyboard-free Z10 phone that dominated the event and is getting the larger marketing push . The company clearly wants to shift users to a touchscreen keyboard . To be successful , it will have to make learning how to type on the screen simple and enjoyable . "  Typing on a glass screen with one thumb , it 's magic , " said Heins . In BlackBerry 's future , keyboards may be an afterthought BlackBerry says the touchscreen keyboard learns how you type , adapting over time to be more accurate and to automatically correct common mistakes . There 's support for multiple languages , and you can switch between languages mid-message . While you are typing , it will auto-suggest what words it thinks you may be composing , and you can swipe up to toss one directly into your message . Positive buzz A strange thing has happened in the past couple of months . Consumers , investors and the press have been cautiously optimistic about the Canadian company 's plans for a comeback . BlackBerry has gone from being mocked to being seen as an underdog people are rooting for . Rebranding is one part of that process , and on Monday CEO Thorsten Heins announced that the company is renaming itself BlackBerry , dropping the awkward Research In Motion  RIM  moniker . BlackBerry has n't had a major product release in 18 months , which is an eternity in the smartphone world and long enough for memories of the devices to slip people 's minds . Hardcore fans may be ready to upgrade to BlackBerry 10 , but to take on Apple and Google , BlackBerry needs to shed its stigma of being out of date . When you want cool points , you hire a celebrity  see : Windows Phone 8 and Jessica Alba , Polaroid and Lady Gaga  . BlackBerry trotted out Alicia Keys near the end of Wednesday 's event and gave her the honorary title of Global Creative Director . It was a nice touch , but tech-savvy shoppers are n't easily fooled by celebrity endorsements . They need to see real people using the devices , and they need to test them out for themselves . Global appeal BlackBerry is rolling out its new Z10 phone gradually around the world , starting in the UK on Thursday . The phone launches in Canada on February 5 , and in the United Arab Emirates on February 10 . It wo n't be released in the U.S. until sometime in March . The focus on making the phone an international product is smart , since the company has a strong hold in places like the UAE , Indonesia , England and parts of South America . Wednesday 's press announcement referenced satellite launch events for BlackBerry fans in London , Dubai and South Africa , among other far-flung places . BlackBerry has n't just been wooing developers in the U.S. , it 's paying attention to the top mobile apps in other markets and getting those developers to create products for the BlackBerry 10 platform . To hold its own against Apple , Android and Microsoft , it will need them .	Maker of BlackBerry announces two new phones and a new mobile operating system The company will need to win over consumers , not just companies , to stay competitive Features like multitasking and a central notification center will appeal to productivity fans BlackBerry 10 will need to win new fans to compete against Apple and Google 's Android
London  CNN  -- Film-maker and artist Tina Gharavi grew up idolizing Muhammad Ali , the trailblazing American boxing great who was a hero to her Iranian father and millions of others around the world . "  My dad had incredible love for him , " she told CNN at the opening of her latest exhibition , "  The Last of the Dictionary Men , " currently on display in London 's Mosaic Rooms gallery . "  It was the first time I saw a very strong black person , who was so unapologetic and beautiful . " So when she moved to South Shields -- a coastal town with a maritime heritage in northeast England -- and heard that one of the 20th century 's most celebrated athletes had had his marriage blessed in an Islamic ceremony at the local mosque , she found it hard to believe . "  I said ` What ? ' I 'd lived in the north for eight years and never heard about it . I knew I had to find out more . " Ali , she learned , had visited South Shields in 1977 with his new wife , Veronica Porsche , and their baby daughter Hana , in response to an invitation to come to the area to raise money for the Boys Club , a British charitable organization . The visit -- which drew thousands out lining the streets to watch his procession through the town -- reached its high point with a marriage blessing ceremony by the imam at the town 's Al-Azhar Mosque . Intrigued by the story , Gharavi spent two years making a film -- "  The King of South Shields " -- about Ali 's unlikely visit , which led to an enduring relationship with the town 's longstanding Yemeni community , whose mosque had hosted the boxer and for whom the day had provided an important validation of their sometimes tenuous place in British society . In the process of making the film , she realized that many of the elders of the South Shields Yemenis -- one of the UK 's oldest Muslim and Arab communities -- were passing away , their rich stories vanishing with them . "  I was seeing something that was about to disappear and I thought this is so fascinating , I need to capture this , " she said . "  Now their world is almost gone . " Read more : Lebanese women take on religious judges who call rape a ` marital right ' She set about preserving some of that world with "  The Last of the Dictionary Men , " which features a series of interviews with 14 of the last surviving members of the first generation of South Shields ' Yemenis , recounting their experiences as migrants to the U.K. , and a series of large portraits of the men by Egyptian photographer Youssef Nabil . The outsized portraits , said Gharavi , hand-colored in the style of old Egyptian movie posters , were intended to present the men "  in a way that aggrandizes them , " in contrast to the "  social realist " depictions that had typically been used to portray their community . "  Whenever they were shown , they 'd typically be in the mosque , everything would look very miserable and a bit dirty , " she said . "  I thought that 's not who they are . They were funny , they would flirt with me and were full of life . " The name of the exhibition , she said , referred to lines written by the Yemeni poet Abdullah al-Baradduni , who wrote in 1995 that "  our land is the dictionary of our people . " The story of South Shields ' Yemeni community began in the 1890s , when seamen from the British ruled Aden Protectorate -- now part of modern day Yemen -- began working on British ships , eventually finding their way to port towns in Britain . The UK 's first mosque was opened in Cardiff , Wales , by Yemenis who had come to Britain as seamen . Gharavi said the Yemenis were recruited by the British as they made good sailors -- they did n't drink , and could handle the heat of the engine room furnaces well . During the First World War , the British government began encouraging Yemeni men into the country to make up for a manpower shortage brought about by the conflict . By the war 's end , the Yemeni population of the northern shipping town had risen to about 3,000 , and as many as 800 had been killed on merchant navy supply ships at sea . "  They were working on ships that the German were very keen to bomb , so there 's an extraordinary number of Yemeni men who died , " said Gharavi . But the new arrivals were not initially welcomed by the public at large . Discrimination meant they found it hard to find accommodation , with the seamen mostly forced to live in boarding houses -- the first of which opened in the town in 1909 -- largely isolated from the wider community . After the war , the boarding houses suffered attacks intended to drive the Arabs from the town . Perceptions of unfair treatment in the workplace led to riots in 1919 and 1930 , and eventually led to the council segregating the community by building an estate to house the Yemenis . Read more : Can Iraq 's geeks save the country ? But by the 1940s , attitudes towards the community began to change , and Yemenis began marrying into the wider community . As part of her research , Gharavi commissioned a survey team to ask 100 people on South Shields ' main street about their ancestry , and about one in four claimed some Yemeni heritage . Today , many of those South Shields locals -- who speak with the distinctive northeastern accent known as Geordie -- are returning to Yemen to reconnect with the culture of their forefathers , said Gharavi . South Shields ' Arab community is often held up as an example of an immigration success story . "  The Yemeni have been incredibly dutiful to this country , " she said . "  They 've worked very hard for this country , and they love Britain very much because they know what they 've gotten from here . " For his part , Saeed Mohamed Aklan Ghaleb , one of the men profiled in the exhibition , was nonplussed by the attention . "  When the people came to talk and take the picture , we did n't know this would happen , " he said , bemused by the art crowd gathered at the exhibition 's opening . He arrived in South Shields as a seaman in 1967 , and returns every two years . "  It brings back memories , " he said of the portraits , adding that he had a copy of his portrait hanging in his home . Gharavi said that in her eyes the community 's humility was the reason the community had integrated into Britain so successfully . "  They go into a community and they assimilate , they adopt the rule of where they live and that 's the reason the Yemeni have sort of disappeared in a sense . " It was part of the reason she thought their story should be heard . "  There is that swing at the moment in Britain -- a concern that ` These guys are invading , this is problematic . ' It 's not problematic . These guys have been here since 1890 and it 's going fine . "	The Yemeni community of South Shields , England is one of the UK 's oldest Muslim populations In 1977 , boxer Muhammad Ali visited and had his marriage blessed in the mosque Artist Tina Gharavi has created an exhibition documenting the stories of the community 's elders She says she wants to capture the tales of this disappearing world
Is the President doing a good job handling the Ebola crisis ? That 's one question the Democratic senator running for reelection in Arkansas said is hard to answer . When faced with the question , Sen. Mark Pryor could n't come up with an answer because , well , "  it 's hard to know . " "  Umm ... I would say that ... it 's hard to know , uh , because I have n't heard the latest briefing on that to know all the details -- I mean , I read the paper and all , but , " Pryor said in an interview that aired Tuesday on MSNBC . Pryor , who is locked in a tight contest this fall , said he is of course aware of the efforts by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to contain the virus and the efforts of medical and engineering professionals fighting Ebola in West Africa . So what gives ? Has Obama done enough ? "  Umm ... again I 'd have to see the latest numbers , " Pryor said . Pryor 's nonresponse comes just over a month after he attacked his opponent , Rep. Tom Cotton , in an August ad that gave the Ebola crisis a starring role . After rolling news clips about the crisis , the ad claims Cotton "  voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola " and "  cut billions from our nation 's medical disaster and emergency programs . " Pryor 's hesitation on judging Obama falls in a state where support for the President could hurt any Democratic candidate , as just 33 % of Arkansans approve of the President 's job performance overall . No poll has shown what Arkansans think of Obama 's handling of the Ebola crisis . But maybe Pryor will get some sympathy from voters . They have n't made up their mind yet on whether to give him another term . A CNN/ORC poll last month showed the race a dead heat , with Cotton holding a 2-point advantage that did n't break the margin of error .	Judging Obama 's handling of the Ebola crisis ? "  Hard to know " for Sen. Mark Pryor Pryor is locked in a tight contest against Republican Rep. Tom Cotton Pryor ran an attack ad against Cotton this summer that spotlighted the Ebola crisis
CNN  -- A five-eyed monster under the bed is n't what worries most kids . Experts say young people fear a lot of what 's in the news -- from kidnappings to murders to salmonella . It 's good for teens to fear the negative consequences of risky behavior , one expert says . A study on more than 1,000 children and adolescents in grades 2 through 12 found that some of the 20 most common fears include "  terrorist attacks , " "  having to fight in a war , " "  drive-by shootings , " "  tornadoes/hurricanes " and "  drowning/swimming in deep water , " based on self-reports of how scary each of 98 events or concepts seems . The study was published in a recent issue of the Journal of Counseling and Development . Study author Joy Burnham , associate professor at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa , collected data from November 2001 to April 2004 in 23 schools in two southeastern states . The most common fears closely aligned with those found in previous studies on youth , and the pattern of findings has persisted in studies on fear for the past 30 years , she said . By 8 years old , children know the difference between fantasy and reality , so they are more likely to be frightened by televised news coverage of events such as kidnappings , murders and terrorism , said Joanne Cantor , professor of at University of Wisconsin-Madison , who was not involved with the study . Before age 8 , they express fears of fictional scenarios and characters but also worry about hurricanes and drowning , she said . A lot of children 's fears have to do with where they live , said Nancy Weisman , a psychologist in Marietta , Georgia , who was not involved with the study . In the Atlanta , Georgia , area , many children express fears of tornadoes , she said , prompted by the storm that sliced through the city March 14 , 2008 . Dawn Huebner , a psychologist in Exeter , New Hampshire , who sees children ages 6 to 12 , agreed that weather-related events make some kids anxious to the point that they do n't want to go outside if a storm may be coming . Several psychologists agreed that abduction or kidnapping is a fear among many children today . One of Weisman 's patients became terrified of kidnapping after learning about slain Florida toddler Caylee Anthony , she said . Children also fear diseases . In a separate analysis , when Burnham looked at data on fear by age , she found AIDS among the top five fears for ages 7 to 10 , 11 to 14 , and 15 to 18 . Complexity of teenage fears Two of the top fears in Burnham 's study -- "  being raped " was No. 1 overall and "  my getting pregnant or getting my girlfriend pregnant " was No. 19 -- were presented only for students in grades 7 through 12 because of fear content , the study said . The teenage years are also when young people begin to understand and fear larger world issues such as terrorism and war , Cantor said . Moreover , some teenagers become anxious about issues of global injustice but have the same divorce-related fears as young children , said Lawrence Balter , professor of applied psychology at New York University . Moreover , young people are not immune to fears about finances during the current economic downturn , he said . "  Almost everyone is affected by it , and there might be a fear that they 're going to lose their house or that their parents are going to lose their jobs , " he said . Some fears have a good role to play in helping to promote caution , Weisman said . The negative consequences of risky behaviors -- for example , getting sexually transmitted diseases or becoming pregnant -- should make teenagers wary of taking unnecessary risks . Burnham agreed that fear , like anxiety , can be a motivating tool . "  It is a natural process that occurs , and we all have fear , " she said in an e-mail . "  However , if it rules someone 's life , it gets in the way , and that would be the unhealthy side . " About 400 study participants also wrote their own ideas about what makes them or people their age afraid , scared or fearful . Responses included safety issues such as "  abuse , " "  scary movies and scary characters from movies , " "  snipers at school , " "  heights " and "  driving . " Other self-reported fears related to animals or reptiles , spiritual or religious concerns , school , people  such as "  clowns "  , death , relational issues or social adjustment , sex-related issues and health or medical issues . Movies and television , including news , can inspire fears that can last for years , said Cantor , who runs the Web site yourmindonmedia.com . Clowns , for example , inspire fear because of their presence in film . "  I 've got lots of examples from research where college students and older say , ' I feel uncomfortable in a certain situation , and I trace it back to news or movie , ' " she said . How parents can help Many experts said parents should limit their elementary-school-age children 's exposure to local news to reduce anxiety about tragic events depicted on television . Young children do not understand that when a news clip about an event such as a kidnapping is repeated , it is not a separate instance of a kidnapping , Huebner said . Children should seek counseling when anxiety leads to sleep disruption or difficulty falling asleep , Weisman said . They may also present physical symptoms , such as stomach pain and headaches , that relate to anxiety problems . "  By definition , anxiety is being afraid without really having a target to the fear , " she said . "  There 's a difference between being anxious and being cautious . " Parents should not tell children that events such as kidnappings and murders could absolutely never happen , because the children wo n't believe that , Weisman said . Instead , parents should focus on the probabilities , she said . "  The parents need to tell kids that the chances are very , very remote that these things are going to happen , " she said . When a disaster strikes , do n't show it to young children on television , Balter said . Instead , assure them that the grownups are doing everything possible to make things OK . "  Allow them to talk about their concerns ; do n't trivialize and make believe that nothing is wrong , " he said .	Study : Most common fear among young people in grades 7 to 12 is being raped Terrorist attacks , having to fight in a war , shootings , murders were also common Expert : Local news affects children 's fears ; many Atlanta children fear tornadoes Some fears have a good role to play in helping to promote caution
CNN  -- In September 1970 , a 28-year-old Jochen Rindt led the Formula One World Championship heading into the Italian Grand Prix at Monza . A crash during the final practice session ahead of the race took the life of the man in pole position for the title , whilst at the same time providing him with a unique position in sporting history . Rindt 's supremacy in the drivers ' championship was such that , despite his death , none of his fellow racers could overhaul his lead in the standings , making Jochen the only posthumous world champion in Formula One . In a strange twist of fate , the Austrian lost his life in almost the same place on the Monza track as his childhood icon , German driver Wolfgang von Trips -- after a brake failure on his Lotus saw him crash into the famous Parabolica curve at nearly 150 mph . Author of "  Jochen Rindt : Der erste Popstar der Formel 1 , " Herbert Völker recalls a man who , prior to his fatal crash , boosted the profile of the entire sport . "  Motorsport , at least in Europe , stayed in a quiet corner , " Völker told CNN . "  It took a new type of personality to give it broader attendance . There were only two guys who fit that picture ; the Scotsman Jackie Stewart and Jochen Rindt . " Völker believes Jochen -- who was orphaned as an infant when his parents were killed in a bombing raid -- had a star quality that transcended the sport . "  He did have a very special face that you would n't forget easily , " he said . "  He married a beautiful girl from Finland and he was outspoken in a way that had nothing to do with the identical phrases of sports champions . "  And of course he was a spectacular driver . He had a sense for car control that allowed him to master situations that had rarely been seen before , not to mention afterwards . " Fittingly , Völker believes Rindt 's finest victory was his last , the first F1 grand prix to be held at Hockenheim in 1970 . The track had taken the life of the legendary Scottish racer Jim Clark two years previously , and the German Grand Prix was only switched to the new venue on the insistence of the drivers , who believed it was a safer alternative to the Nurburgring . Heading into the race , Rindt lead Australian Jack Brabham by 11 points in the drivers ' championship , but both were behind Ferrari 's Jacky Ickx on the grid , with the Belgian driver starting in pole position . " -LSB- Rindt -RSB- in the Lotus , and Jacky Ickx were close , " recalls Völker . "  In their top speed and everything . They overtook each other 30 or 40 times , and in such a fair manner that they used their fingers to show which the side the other one could overtake safely . "  To point out which side was safer was a fine , fine way of racing . It was perfect for the spectators and they loved it . In the end Jochen won by tenths of a second and it was just fantastic . " Such acts of sportsmanship were typical of a golden generation of drivers such as Jack Brabham , Bruce McLaren , Stewart , Ickx and Rindt according to Volker . And between Rindt and Stewart 's there was friendship to accompany the rivalry : "  He was a great friend and he had a great sense of humor , " Stewart told CNN . "  We traveled together a lot , to and from races because we were both living in Switzerland from 1968 . We were living 300 meters apart -LSB- on Lake Geneva -RSB- , so Jochen was a close friend , and Nina  Jochen 's wife  still is . " Despite the highly competitive arena in which they dueled , Stewart believes the dangers in F1 during that time contributed to respect between drivers . "  Motor racing in those days was very dangerous , " he said . "  During my period , if you raced in Formula One for five years there was only a one in three chance you were going to live . "  The respect you had for other drivers was absolutely paramount , and that relationship extended from our friendship to our respect of each other on the track . "  I can not think of one occasion when Jochen and I were racing hard together and conducted ourselves in anything other than the correct and appropriate fashion . " One of those occasions was the British Grand Prix in 1969 , where Jochen was on pole , with his close friend right behind him . "  We had 30 lead changes between him and I , in one race . That 's not even heard of today . "  It was slipstreaming , it was passing . We used it intelligently ; we were using the track correctly and behaving correctly . That does n't mean we were old fashioned at all , it means we were intelligent and respectful . " At the end of race , Stewart beat off the challenge from Rindt who eventually settled for fourth place . "  One of my great memories is being able to race as close as we did that day with someone who was also my close friend . That 's a lasting memory for me . " It was Stewart who lost his title to Rindt in 1970 , a for the Scot there was no more deserving opponent . "  The combination of Jochen Rindt and the Lotus in 1970 was , in my opinion unbeatable . In his time , Jochen was one of the top two or three drivers in the world , " he said . Lotus -- who are sponsored by CNN -- re-entered Formula One at the start of the 2010 season , following a 16-year break from the sport . Team principal Tony Fernandes said his team owe a debt to Rindt 's talent . "  Jochen Rindt holds a very special place in the hearts of all Formula One and Lotus fans , " said Fernandes . "  He showed his God-given skills in F1 , winning and doing so with style . "  At Lotus Racing we know we are standing on the shoulders of giants when racing with the Lotus name . We are all very proud to play our part in helping keep his memory alive . "	Jochen Rindt won the Formula One World Championship in 1970 Rindt became the first driver to win the title posthumously An exhibition at the Westlicht Gallery commemorated the 40th anniversary of his death Jackie Stewart : "  Jochen was one of the top two or three drivers in the world "
CNN  -- At least three protesters were killed Sunday when security forces and secret police raided the town of Jableh on Syria 's western coast and fired at demonstrators without warning , according to an eyewitness and demonstrator . Security forces surrounded a mosque that was being used to treat the wounded , preventing 18 seriously wounded people from being taken to a hospital , according to a doctor inside . Snipers posted on the rooftops fired rifles indiscriminately around the mosque , causing the hundred demonstrators and medical personnel inside to fear they would be shot in the dark , the doctor said . The doctor , who asked not to be identified , said he believes the Syrian regime is now targeting him because "  they heard my voice on Al Jazeera and they know me now and anytime the Syrian regime finds out about someone they do their best to make them disappear . " The makeshift hospital inside the mosque has no supplies to treat wounds other than cotton balls and gauze , he said . Security forces did allow one gravely wounded patient to be taken away to a hospital , but the doctor said the man was "  passing towards death . " Small groups were beginning to gather in the streets when security forces began firing at them , the eyewitness said . The witness said he saw one man shot to death , and that he was one of several men who carried the man 's body away from the scene . After hearing news of the incident , hundreds of people gathered on the streets chanting anti-government slogans , but before they could mass into one large crowd , security forces moved to break up the groups , the eyewitness said . "  They attacked us and showered us with live ammunition , " he said . "  We all began fleeing and ran back into our homes . " Many people were injured in the crackdown , and one additional demonstrator was killed , the eyewitness said . Security forces were patrolling the streets as snipers perched on the roofs of buildings continued to fire sporadically into the deserted town , the eyewitness said . Water and electricity to homes was turned off , and people were scared to raise their voices inside their homes for fear of attracting the snipers ' attention . "  I am not afraid , but I have children and I can not risk attracting attention to my home , " the eyewitness said . The city was shut down , with all businesses closed . The country 's interior ministry said Sunday that dozens of Syrian police officers have been injured in the anti-government protests . On Saturday , witnesses also reported that security forces opened fire on people mourning slain protesters . At least 10 people died Saturday after Syrian security forces opened fire on mourners at funeral processions in the Damascus suburb of Douma and the southern town of Izraa , according to witness accounts , adding to a rapidly growing death toll . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Sunday that seven people were killed "  by the armed criminal groups " on Saturday in the town of Nawa , citing an official military source . In addition , two security personnel were killed in al-Muadamiya and Homs , SANA said . The news agency also reported 38 police officers were injured in the clashes , citing the nation 's interior ministry . The accusations come amid heightened tensions between troops and protesters as public discontent with President Bashar al-Assad 's regime grows . Syrians have staged anti-government protests for weeks , demanding the immediate release of political prisoners , lifting of emergency and martial law , and withdrawal of intelligence forces from Syrian cities . Residents of Zamalka on Sunday buried four protesters killed in recent demonstrations , according to an eyewitness in the town . Hundreds gathered for the funeral procession and chanted anti-government protests as they marched toward the burial grounds . Community leaders set up a large tent with loudspeakers in the center of Zamalka to stage a large anti-government rally , the eyewitness said . Hundreds of people were in attendance , with more expected after prayers were held in honor of those killed in the unrest . There was a heavy security presence Sunday in the city of Harasta , just northeast of Damascus , which was preventing people from gathering for demonstrations , according to an eyewitness and activist . City entrances were blocked with security checkpoints , making it hard to enter or exit , the eyewitness said . Most businesses were closed . The activist said he has heard reports that several homes were raided Saturday night by security forces . In Douma , meanwhile , several small demonstrations were taking place with several hundred people each , according to the eyewitness . The protests were peaceful . There were no security personnel inside Douma , but forces were stationed on its borders . The eyewitness and activist said he was told by a doctor in the Damascus suburb of Barzah that three people were killed in Saturday 's demonstrations . On Thursday , al-Assad lifted the country 's 48-year-old state of emergency and abolished the state security court , both of which were key demands of the demonstrators . But anti-government protests have continued , with dozens reported killed Friday . The brazen Friday killings rippled through the Syrian political establishment . Syrian parliament member Khalil Al Rifai announced his resignation Saturday in a television interview , saying security forces had opened fire even though al-Assad promised not to use force against protesters . Protests continued early Sunday morning in a suburb outside Syria 's capital , with people waving candles and chanting , "  the people want to topple the regime , " activist Wissam Tarif said . Tarif , who is not in Syria but remains in contact with activists across the country , said he was told Saturday that forces were firing in the air and at random targets as more than 10,000 protesters took to the streets . Witnesses in Izraa said tens of thousands of people gathered for a funeral procession , when , one witness said , "  suddenly they opened fire on us and it was raining bullets . We were chanting peacefully , peacefully and they fired at us . " As thousands of people marched from the burial grounds toward Douma 's main hospital Saturday , security forces on the rooftops of government buildings fired shots , a witness said . "  We were chanting , ` With our bloods , with our souls we will sacrifice for you , martyrs . ' And all of sudden and without warning , they fired indiscriminately into the crowd , " the witness said . Tarif said activists have confirmed at least 84 deaths from Friday 's confrontations between protesters and security forces . Amnesty International reported at least 75 deaths on Friday . "  The Syrian authorities have again responded to peaceful calls for change with bullets and batons , " said Malcolm Smart , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa director . The protests began last month in the southern city of Daraa after a violent crackdown by security forces on peaceful demonstrators protesting the arrests of youths who scribbled anti-government graffiti . The tough crackdown in Daraa spurred more protest . As peaceful demonstrations spread to other regions , such as Latakia , Banias and the Damascus suburbs , the protests were met with force that emboldened the protesters ' resolve . The government made some efforts at reform , include the lifting of the country 's emergency law , the abolition of a special court that tried regime opponents , the establishment of a new cabinet , and the granting of citizenship to stateless people in the country 's northeastern Kurdish region . But activists think the violent crackdown Friday undermines the lifting of the emergency law . They also have other complaints with the government , such as immunity for its security officers and the incarceration of political prisoners and those arrested for participating in peaceful protests . They want the easing of the ruling Baath Party 's power and a law that would permit the establishment of independent political parties .	Security forces wage a violent crackdown on massing protesters Eyewitness says the forces opened fire without warning Syria says 7 people were killed by "  armed criminal groups " Witnesses say 10 people died Saturday after security forces fired on mourners
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A former anti-drug czar in Mexico has been arrested on corruption charges in his home state of Chiapas , officials said . Mariano Francisco Herran Salvatti , who also was the attorney general in Chiapas for more than six years , is charged with embezzlement , criminal association and other acts of corruption , Chiapas Attorney General Raciel Lopez Salazar said . "  In Chiapas , the validity of the law also means that the culture of privilege has passed and justice is applied equally to all , " Lopez said on the Chiapas government Web page . Herran was arrested Saturday night in Tuxtla Gutierrez , Mexico , but Lopez did not announce the arrest until Sunday . The attorney general contends Herran committed the crimes while he served as secretary of economic development in Chiapas , a post he held from November 2007 until June . Officials are investigating irregularities involving 175 million pesos  about $ 12.5 million  , Notimex said . Herran served as drug czar for President Ernesto Zedillo from 1997 to 2000 . In that post , he was involved in the prosecution of more than 60 members of the Juarez drug cartel and the investigation that led to the 2001 arrest of former Quintana Roo Gov. Mario Villanueva Madrid for his connections to drug traffickers . Herran , a lawyer , served as attorney general in Chiapas from 2000 to 2006 . He came under investigation in April on suspicion of violating the rights of 146 criminal suspects while he was attorney general and was fired as the economic development minister in June . He still faces prosecution on those charges . As drug czar in 1999 , Herran and his wife escaped an assassination attempt when gunmen on motorcycles fired on his car in Mexico City . A bodyguard and one of the gunmen were wounded in a shootout . He is not the first former drug czar to face charges . Noe Ramirez Mandujano , who was the nation 's top anti-drug official from 2006 until August 2008 , was arrested in November on charges he accepted $ 450,000 a month in bribes from drug traffickers . Ramirez was accused of meeting with members of a drug cartel while he was in office and providing information on investigations in exchange for the bribes , Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora Icaza said at the time . Ramirez 's arrest came as part of an ongoing investigation called Operation Limpieza , or Operation Cleanup , that targets officials who may have passed information to drug cartels . Herran 's predecessor as drug czar , Jose de Jesus Gutierrez Rebollo , was fired in 1997 after an investigation revealed he had received payments from the Juarez drug cartel .	Mariano Francisco Herran Salvatti facing corruption charges Former anti-drug czar , state attorney general also charged with embezzlement Herran accused of crimes while serving as secretary of economic development Officials are investigating irregularities equaling $ 12.5 million
CNN  -- The 2011 Formula One grid will not have any new teams on it after world governing body , the FIA , announced that their criteria for entry has not been met . The current grid has 12 teams and 24 cars on it but various organizations -- including an American outfit involving former world champion Jacques Villeneuve -- had expressed an interest in becoming a 13th team for next season . However , in a meeting at its Paris headquarters , the FIA confirmed in a statement : "  None of the candidates meet the requirements to be granted an entry . " Meanwhile , the same meeting also confirmed that 2011 will see a record 20 races , with the Indian Grand Prix getting ratification . Formula One supremo Bernie Eccleston had confirmed earlier in the year that a race in India was in the pipeline -- and a slot has been found in the calendar on October 30 , although the circuit near New Delhi would still need to pass an inspection before being granted complete approval . In other changes for 2011 , Abu Dhabi will now be the penultimate race on November 13 and the traditional season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix at Interlagos will be on November 27 . The 2011 Formula One season begins in Bahrain on March 13 . Formula One 2011 calendar : March 13 - Bahrain Grand Prix March 27 - Australian Grand Prix April 10 - Malaysian Grand Prix April 17 - Chinese Grand Prix May 8 - Turkish Grand Prix May 22 - Spanish Grand Prix May 29 - Monaco Grand Prix June 12 - Canadian Grand Prix June 26 - European Grand Prix July 10 - British Grand Prix July 24 - German Grand Prix July 31 - Hungarian Grand Prix August 28 - Belgian Grand Prix September 11 - Italian Grand Prix September 25 - Singapore Grand Prix October 9 - Japanese Grand Prix October 16 - South Korean Grand Prix October 30 - Indian Grand Prix  subject to circuit passing inspection November 13 - Abu Dhabi Grand Prix November 27 - Brazilian Grand Prix	The 2011 Formula One grid will not have any new teams on it after an FIA meeting No teams have met the FIA 's criteria meaning the 2011 grid will still have only 12 teams There will be 20 races in 2011 with a slot found for the India Grand Prix in New Delhi The race will be held on Ocotber 30 providing the circuit passing an inspection first
CNN  -- When President Obama spoke to the nation about military action in Iraq , it was hard to directly catch his eye . He moved side to side , reading the prompter , as he often does , but hardly ever facing the camera directly . It was a "  My Fellow Americans " moment , only he did n't really look us in the eye . Maybe it 's because he was saying something he really never wanted to say : that he had ordered airstrikes in Iraq . No one should argue with the decision . Part of it was to protect American personnel . It was to prevent genocide on a faraway mountaintop and drop food and water to the thousands stranded and cornered . It was to tell the world clearly that this wo n't be tolerated by the United States . And for that , the President should be applauded . But it was obvious , as the President 's head weaved side-to-side , that there was much more baggage weighing on this decision . Eight paragraphs into the speech , the President felt the need to explain to the public that this is n't a slippery slope to another lengthy involvement . "  I ran for office in part to end our war in Iraq , " he said . "  As commander in chief , I will not allow the United States to be dragged into fighting another war in Iraq . " It was as if he was reassuring himself as much as the American public . Time and time again , this President has been drawn into decisions that threaten to undermine his chief foreign policy narrative : killing Osama Bin Laden , ending two unpopular wars . When the Islamic radicals were gaining strength in early summer , GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham described the President as "  stubborn-headed , delusional , detached . " He argued at that time that the President should "  put air power into the game . " He went to the White House and told the President as much . But the President waited . The U.S. wanted a new Iraqi government in place -- and hopefully Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki gone -- before moving on ISIS . So he sent some noncombat special forces troops to get some eyes on the situation on the ground , but declined to use American air power at that time . But now he 's up against the wall , and he 's acting , which is the right thing to do . Still , no matter how limited -- and no matter how commendable -- this decision , the obvious questions now arise : Even though this mission is carefully , and narrowly , defined , what happens if the unexpected happens and the mission escalates ? Would the U.S. turn away ? Would we arm moderates , as we have refused to do elsewhere ? And speaking of Syria , how does this decision apply there -- if at all ? Some argue that the problem in Syria has gotten so far past the point where a carefully targeted use of air power would have any impact . Then the question becomes : How does the United States make its humanitarian and moral decisions ? In a larger sense , what are the guidelines that govern these difficult foreign policy decisions ? The President ought to talk some more to the American people about that part of his thinking . We already know his obvious rules of the game that now govern military involvement : no boots on the ground , no long-term commitments , just humanitarian efforts . The pillar for his foreign policy seems to be : Stay out of trouble . But the natural question to then ask is whether this credo does n't just generate more trouble over time . At this point , it 's hard to know . We all agree that not many of us want to be "  dragged , " as the President put it , into fighting another war in Iraq . We all understand the President 's sense about the limits of American involvement in military conflict . So we are all clear on what he wo n't do . We 're still not sure about what he will do -- and maybe neither is he .	Gloria Borger : President Obama never wanted to order more action in Iraq She says the president seemed to focus most on what he did n't want to do Does a policy of avoiding trouble only invite more trouble ? Borger : Obama made the right call but needs to explain more of his thinking
CNN  -- Endeavour -- the boat 's name is befitting of its journey twice to the brink of destruction and the tireless work that went in to restoring the 1934 vessel to its former glory . It was "  an absolute Armageddon battle start to finish to get the boat done , " Elizabeth Meyer tells CNN 's Mainsail show . The American 's painstaking restoration job , which began 30 years ago , is credited with a resurgence in the interest in the gargantuan J-Class boats that used to battle it out for America 's Cup supremacy , a far cry from the space-age designs of the competition 's current multihulls . She is the granddaughter of Eugene Meyer -- former U.S. Federal Reserve chairman and the first president of the World Bank -- and the niece of Katharine Graham , who owned and published the Washington Post at the time of the 1970s Watergate scandal . Her own pre-yachting claim to fame was building a home for Jackie Onassis in Martha 's Vineyard , resulting in the pair becoming friends -- while the proceeds from that business helped her move into boat restoration work . Meyer has done it all under the auspices of three mottoes : "  press on regardless , " "  full speed ahead " and "  fools rush in where angels fear to tread " -- the final words first penned by Alexander Pope in "  An Essay to Criticism " in 1709 . Criticism is something she has encountered at every crossroads . "  A woman who is a forceful person who knows what she wants is a ` bitch , ' " the 61-year-old explains . "  If I had been a man I 'd be a ` hard-hitting businessman that made my own money ' and ` Boy , he really knows what he wants . ' "  But as a woman I was completely attacked by everybody . " That varied from being warned off by American sailors of the J-Class era  "  You must not do this , they 're too dangerous , these things are killers , you 'll ruin your life and kill people with it "  to local authorities in the United Kingdom cutting off the power at the improvised yard where she was restoring Endeavour and then demanding $ 50,000 in rent . Meyer also had problems with the tax department , which "  sent people around that looked like Inspector Clouseau " after confusing her company with one of a similar name . It left her feeling like she was "  being attacked by a giant army and trying to get this boat done and trying to find the money . " Taking on the project of restoring Endeavour after discovering her in England , Meyer lived in Fawley , a village on the southwest coast in close proximity to an oil refinery and a power station . "  There was toxic waste , a sewage treatment plant and I was very , very ill from that and the mold in the house I was renting , " she recalls . But she has lived to tell the tale and the J-Class yacht scene is now thriving with races organized each year in Rhode Island 's Newport , where she lives , and Falmouth and Cowes . Restorations have followed Meyer 's , and replicas too , with five since rebuilt , four new vessels built from scratch and two more in the offing . Her parents , both doctors -- a psychiatrist and epidemiologist -- had a keen interest in the water . Her father was a powerboater and fisherman , her mother a sailor who regaled a young Meyer with stories of the J-Class yachts . "  My mother thought of them as the pinnacle of what a sailboat should be , " she says . "  So I was sort of indoctrinated that way at a young age and I never stopped thinking it and I still think it . "  So , we sailed , we canoed , we camped , we fished , we did everything . But I thought I had missed seeing the most extraordinary example of a sailboat that would ever exist and I always regretted that . " That all changed in 1984 , when -- while traveling with friends in Europe -- she persuaded the editor of Nautical Quarterly to commission her to write an article on the remaining J-Class vessels , which existed in varying degrees of disarray . Just 10 were built , between 1930 and 1937 , and most had been scrapped . Sailing on Velsheda , the only J-Class survivor at the time , she spotted the 130-foot Endeavour for the first time -- berthed on a mud flat -- and visited her the next day . "  Endeavour was the most beautiful J ever designed and built , " Meyer says . "  There was something super exceptional about that boat . "  So I thought of her already and when I went to see her , she was out of the water . The shape is so sculptural and beautiful . "  It had not crossed my mind to restore one of these things . I had not got money at all to do something like that and I was n't planning to do it . " Endeavour had repeatedly changed hands . Sold to a scrap merchant , she was saved by a buyer at the 11th hour in 1947 . After sinking in the 1970s , two new owners stepped in to pay Â # 10 and refloated the boat . The owner before Meyer did not have the funds to fully restore her . "  I thought , ` Someone really ought to restore this . I will . ' And then I immediately went ` Oh no ' because I knew I would do it and I said , ` Would you consider selling her to me ? ' And he said ` yes ' and then I was stuck , I had to do it . " She initially borrowed money against real estate investments at Martha 's Vineyard , which she eventually had to sell , as well as her share of her business restoring houses . Everyone and anyone advised her against it -- but she did n't listen . At the time , the British shipbuilding industry was in serious decline and Meyers says she ran the project "  out of two rented Portacabins located on the spit next to the hull of Endeavour " and ended up completing the project in the Netherlands . "  I could not afford Endeavour for one single instant from the day I bought her , " Meyers says . "  I had to sell everything I had , I had to charter the boat every second I owned her , and I did not sleep once in all those 18 years , I had to sell her . "  It crushed me , she was the apple of my eye and I 'd be sailing her today as a classic still in all those regattas . " Endeavour , which Meyer had chartered for $ 60,000 a week , or $ 12,000 a day , in order to cover the upkeep , sold for $ 15 million in 2000 . Despite the adversity , the financial worry , the lack of sleep , there were no regrets . "  It always felt worth it every minute of the way , " she says . "  I never questioned for one second that I should do this and that it was going to be wonderful . I had complete confidence . " Endeavour was the brainchild of Thomas Sopwith , who made his name with the Sopwith Camel plane with which the English Royal Air Force fought World War I and who used his own aviation know-how to create what was the finest vessel of her day . But in half a century it went from coming close to winning the America 's Cup to be found with no keel , rudder , ballast or interior . Meyer dismisses one oft-mentioned theory about what happened to the yachts . "  People talk about the Js and say , ` Oh , they were broken up for war materials , ' but that 's absolute nonsense . They were broken up for scrap value and we 're not that sentimental in the U.S. . The British are more sentimental , so you built four Js altogether and three of them still exist . The Americans built six and they 're all cut up . " The infatuation in these yachts is clear to see . When Meyer organized an event in 1989 pitching Endeavour and Shamrock -- another of her restoration projects -- she needed 90 sailors to act as crew . Six times that registered their interest in taking part . Among those involved was CNN founder Ted Turner , who skippered the 1977 America 's Cup winner Courageous . "  They were a little bit like the ` stars ' are today , and they were connected with royalty because yachting was really up until the '30s a royal sport in England -- large yachts like that , " Meyer says . "  There 's something about the Js that is representational of the ultimate sailboat . They look like the meaning of ` sailboat . ' I think they strike people that way . Sort of like the Eiffel Tower strikes people as just this amazingly enticing object . " Many , including Meyer , thought they would never be seen again . Her tireless work -- carried on through the International Yacht Restoration School that she founded in Newport in 1993 -- ensured that is not the case . "  Many people have that fundamental restoration urge . I think it 's inherent in the human nature , " Meyer says . "  When they see something remarkable that has fallen into disrepair , they think ` Let 's fix it up . ' " Mainsail is CNN 's monthly sailing show -- click here for times , videos and features .	Elizabeth Meyer risked her life 's worth to restore 1930s America 's Cup yacht Endeavour The painstaking restoration of a shell of a boat led to a resurgence in classic yachting Meyer has family links to both the World Bank and the Watergate scandal The J-Class yachts she restores were seen as the pinnacle of sail boats
Southern Living  -- You do n't have to stay at these tony hotels to experience the best of their lobbies . The Round Robin Bar at the Willard InterContinental is a great place to eavesdrop . The Willard InterContinental What to expect : A throwback to grand hotels of the 19th century near the White House . It 's where powerful people still go to make powerful decisions . Crowned heads rest on the Willard 's pillows . Where to spend your dollars : Sip a mint julep or sample a single malt whiskey in the Round Robin Bar and Scotch Bar alongside power brokers . It may not be polite to say so , but this is a great place to eavesdrop . "  The next day 's work starts between 6 and 8 p.m. , " says Jim Hewes , bartender there for 22 years . "  The Round Robin gets a drift on tomorrow 's news . " The inside story : D.C. insiders strut the lobby 's Peacock Alley where you people-watch while nibbling on tea and scones  $ 39  . 1401 Pennsylvania Avenue NW. ; washington.intercontinental.com or 1-800-327-0200 . SouthernLiving.com : D.C. Travel Planner The Hay-Adams What to expect : Formal and classic yet balanced with a boutiquish and intimate atmosphere . Walk out the front door to see Lafayette Park and the White House . Where to spend your dollars : The basement bar , Off the Record , attracts politicos from the White House and the nearby World Bank . "  Always sit at the bar , " says John Boswell , the friendly 12-year veteran bartender . "  The half-moon shape tends to get people into conversations . " Patrons stick to the classics -- martinis , Manhattans and wines . The inside story : The Sunday morning talk show hosts and hotel guests rub elbows at the extravagant late-morning brunch in The Lafayette dining room  $ 65 , reservations required  . 16th and H Streets NW. ; www.hayadams.com or 202 638-6600 . SouthernLiving.com : Cheap eats in D.C. St. Regis What to expect : A meeting of the old and new : luxe gilt lobby with endless Italian marble floors vs. leather-and-chrome restaurant bar helmed by celebrity chef Alain Ducasse . Where to spend your dollars : Settle into the purple Bar at St. Regis . Populated by admiring foodies , the bar pours the coolest drinks . "  Our Trial by Berry  Champagne , house-infused vanilla and nutmeg vodka , muddled blackberries  is the favorite , " says Marianna Alfa , restaurant director . "  The chef 's slider duo -- two burgers , one beef , the other boudin -- is our rock and roll item . " The inside story : Mixologist Mia Baila creates D.C. 's most unusual drink : Champagne adorned with pearls of Cointreau and gold flecks . 923 16th and K Streets NW. ; starwoodhotels.com/stregis or 202 638-2626 . SouthernLiving.com : Best things about the mall in Washington D.C. Park Hyatt What to expect : A sleek Euro feel of glass , natural fibers and golden-hued wood . A favorite among world travelers who trust the Park Hyatt brand and prefer the energy at the cusp of Georgetown . Where to spend your dollars : Cozy in at the Tea Cellar , presided over by tea expert Marie Hatakeyama . Those seeking a sturdier drink slip into glass-enclosed booths at the bar . "  It 's like having a private conversation on display , " says frequent visitor Chris Gieckel , adding that the pear martini is a house favorite . "  I 'm not known for having girly drinks , but I 'll order a second one . " The inside story : Purchase your favorite tea from the tasting to prepare at home , including vintage brews . 24th and M Streets NW. ; parkhyattwashington.com or 202 789-1234 Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2009 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	Sip a mint julep at the Willard InterContinental 's Round Robin Bar Join White House politicos for a drink at Off the Record in the Hay-Adams hotel Try a custom cocktail at Bar at St. Regis
CNN  -- It 's getting harder to shock people with stats about income inequality . Americans know they live in a two-tier country -- one where the uber-super-ultra-rich are leaving the rest of us behind ; where , as Michael Moore famously put it , 400 of the richest people control the same amount of wealth as 150 million others ; where , as President Obama said in a speech on Wednesday , the "  average CEO has gotten a raise of nearly 40 % since 2009 , but the average American earns less than he or she did in 1999 . " "  Even though our businesses are creating new jobs and have broken record profits , " the president said in his prepared remarks , "  nearly all the income gains of the past ten years have continued to flow to the top 1 % . " 1 % , 2 % , red percent , blue percent . At a certain point , these numbers bounce off our foreheads . That 's why I found it particularly refreshing that Obama , however briefly , argued this week that America 's growing income inequality is "  morally wrong . " The fairness of the widening rich-poor gap , or the lack thereof , has been discussed far less than the number soup . Yet it 's a crucial question -- perhaps the central question -- for America to consider . The fairness gap is the basis for a wide range of policies , from the tax code to education ; health care to the minimum wage . So is extreme inequality amoral ? To think this through , I called up four smart people -- Nigel Warburton , a freelance philosopher and writer , and host of the  wonderful  Philosophy Bites podcast ; Arthur Brooks , president of the American Enterprise Institute and author of "  Wealth and Justice " ; Thomas Pogge , director of the Global Justice Program at Yale ; and Kentaro Toyama , researcher at the University of California at Berkeley . Each offered a range of interesting and nuanced views . But to make this column as un-wonky as possible , I 've broken down their arguments into a few ,  hopefully  easy-to-chew-on talking points you can use to fight about inequality with your friends . Bring these up at your next dinner party and let me know how it goes . Inequality is n't a moral problem ; opportunity is In this school of thought , it does n't matter if the mayor of New York City is worth $ 27 billion  he is  as long as everyone in the city has an equal chance to succeed . That 's the view of Brooks , from the American Enterprise Institute . I asked him about that city , which is more unequal than any other metro in the U.S. "  The truth is there are a lot of really , really wealthy people there . Great ! That 's a morally neutral concept , " he said . But not all of them have an equal opportunity at success , he said , in part because schools do n't perform well in all neighborhoods . That 's morally bankrupt .  Check out this wild map that shows the chances a kid at the bottom of the income ladder would have of climbing to the top . In Atlanta , where I live , a kid in the bottom fifth of income earners has only a 4 % chance -- 4 % ! -- of making it into the top fifth of income earners .  Fix economic mobility , Brooks said , not inequality . And let the rich do their thing . Inequality turns us into ` Downton Abbey ' This is n't just about income ; it 's about class-based psychology . Extreme income inequality , even if it 's derived from a fair playing field , can lead to a society where the rich look down their noses at the poor and essentially force them into positions of servitude , a la "  Downton Abbey . " "  It undermines the social fabric , " said Pogge , the Yale professor . He told me this idea comes from a University of Michigan philosopher , Elizabeth Anderson . "  It basically creates a multi-class society -- a society in which you have people who have to flatter and endear themselves and have to be servile . And other people dominate . " Wealth is rad ; human suffering is n't Imagine a society in which the poorest people are very solidly middle-class by today 's standards . They have enough to eat ; they have jobs that are stimulating and thought-provoking ; they have comfortable lives and can afford to go to movies and all that . Meanwhile , some people are extraordinarily rich -- like way richer than Gates or Buffett . Is that fair ? Is it moral ? Yes , said Toyama , the UC Berkeley researcher . Eliminating suffering is what matters most . Beyond that , extreme wealth is an incentive for people to work harder . "  Morality , on some level , is the avoidance of suffering , " he said , "  or at least the decrease of suffering . And where , in the United States , we have the financial wealth to be able to address everyone 's direct suffering , the fact that we 're not doing so is the basis for claiming that something is morally wrong . " Extreme inequality ruins democracy It 's no secret money rules politics in America . Team Obama spent $ 1.1 billion to win the 2012 presidential race . When inequality becomes extreme , it undermines democracy , as the late philosopher John Rawls and others have argued , because it creates unequal access to the political system and to positions of power . One person , one vote -- yeah . But one person with millions to spend has much more influence . "  What is problematic in the United States is the political system ... is one that is quite substantially dominated by those people that have money , " said Pogge , the Yale professor . "  They can , in the American system , yield a substantial amount of influence on the legislation through lobbying and therefore expand their advantaged position . " Jesus wants us to be poor In the Biblical tradition , there are parables and sayings that cast the rich in a negative light , implying it 's wrong to hold too much wealth , especially if you 're not using it to help less fortunate people . See Matthew 19:24 : "  Again I tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of God . " "  There 's something immoral , from the Christian perspective , about being very rich , " said Warburton , the author and podcaster . "  That 's explicit . "  Warburton happens to be atheist , by the way . The size of the rich-poor gap matters Some inequality is acceptable to pretty much everyone these days . No one is arguing for a fully equal society . But the degree of inequality really does matter when you 're trying to determine whether inequality is moral or amoral , said Pogge , the Yale professor . When extreme inequality sets in , that 's when social and political problems follow . His best estimate for a fair distribution is the Palma Ratio , which measures how much income the top 10 % earns compared to the bottom 40 % . Ideally , those amounts would be equal , meaning the country would have a Palma Ratio of one . According to a calculation cited by the Danish Institute for International Studies , the United States has a 2010 Palma Ratio of 1.852 , which is about the same as Burkina Faso but not as bad as China or South Africa .  In an earlier version of this column , I incorrectly estimated the U.S. Palma Ratio based on wealth instead of income . I should have let the experts handle that , and I regret the mistake  . By Pogge 's assessment , that means inequality here is too high . Negative consequences for our society will result . Inequality is bad if the poor do n't benefit , too I 'll end this list back on John Rawls , the philosopher whose 1971 book , "  A Theory of Justice , " is a must-read  or at least a must-become-familiar-with  for people interested in this topic . One of Rawls ' theories is that inequality can be justified only when it benefits everyone in society , particularly those who are most poor and vulnerable . If Rawls were creating a society from scratch , he would design it so that , in his words , "  social and economic inequalities ... are to be to the greatest benefit of the least-advantaged members of society . " If the rich making more will help the poor be better off , too , that 's cool . If not , it 's unfair , or amoral . For real-world reference , here 's a quick look at CEO pay in the United States , from the AFL-CIO : The average S&P 500 CEO compensation in 2012 , according to that labor group , was $ 12.3 million . A worker ? $ 35,000 . Do the poor benefit from that disparity ? Does everyone ? Anyone ? I 'll leave you to fight about that in the comments . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Obama : "  Growing inequality is n't just morally wrong ; it 's bad economics " John Sutter talks to philosophers about the morality of extreme income inequality Obama 's remarks came Wednesday in a policy speech about the economy Sutter says the morality of income distribution is a central question for America
Mashable  -- Fans of the "  Angry Birds " franchise , take notice : The disgruntled feathery creatures have conquered space , and they 're out to show those dastardly pigs a lesson . The latest installment of this megapopular game , "  Angry Birds Space , " is now available for iPhone , iPad , iPod touch and Android devices , as well as the Mac and PC . The new version brings several important changes , most importantly gravity , which will allow players to use nearby planets to perform trick shots on unsuspecting pigs . The game has 60 levels , with more content available through in-app purchases  only in the iOS version for now  . The game includes hidden goodies and secret levels , and Rovio promises regular free updates for the future . Owners of Apple 's new iPad will be glad to know that the game supports the new Retina display as well . You can get the iPhone version here . The iPad version is available here , and the Android version is available over at Google Play . Finally , the Mac version is available in the Mac App Store , while the PC version is available directly from Rovio . See the original article on Mashable © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	` Angry Birds Space ' is now available for iPhone , iPad , iPod touch and Android devices The game has 60 levels , with more content available through in-app purchases The game also supports the new retina display for the iPad
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A Boston police officer is suing the city after he was suspended for referring to a black Harvard professor as a "  banana-eating jungle monkey " in an e-mail . Boston police Officer Justin Barrett apologized for his e-mail about Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates , Jr. . "  If I 'm charged with a crime I want a chance to answer . I want the chance for a fair hearing , " Officer Justin Barrett told CNN on Tuesday . Barrett has apologized and denied he is a racist . His lawsuit claims his civil rights have been violated ; Barrett 's lawyer said the words referring to Henry Louis Gates , Jr. were misinterpreted . "  The choice of words were poor ; but they were n't meant to characterize professor Gates as a banana-eating jungle monkey , " attorney Peter Marano said . "  They were meant in a response to behavior and characterizing the behavior . Not the person as a whole . " Marano said the city had effectively fired Barrett , though he is officially suspended with pay . He said it was fair to hold Barrett to a higher standard than the general public because he is a police officer , but that he was still entitled to express his opinions . "  Being held to a higher standard should n't eradicate his right under the First Amendment for free speech . That is part and parcel of the lawsuit , " the lawyer said . Gates was arrested at his house last month when a neighbor called police after she thought she saw a man trying to break into Gates ' home . The man turned out to be Gates himself , who was attempting to free a jammed door . The incident sparked a national debate about race and policing , drawing in President Obama himself . Obama , who is a friend of Gates , said the officer who arrested the professor "  acted stupidly , " but then withdrew the comment , saying he did not know all the facts when he spoke . He hosted Gates and Sgt. James Crowley for a beer at the White House to calm the tensions . Barrett later sent a mass e-mail about the encounter to other officers and to the Boston Globe newspaper . Barrett was suspended from his military duties as captain in the Army National Guard and placed on administrative leave from the Boston Police Department pending the outcome of a termination hearing . Barrett said he was moved to write the note because he believed a Boston Globe column about Gates ' arrest "  seemed like it was biased . " "  It did not show the roles and duties of a police officer and how dangerous it already is without having a debate about people getting in a police officer 's face , which should never happen at all . " Asked what led him to choose to use such language , he said , "  I do n't know . I could n't tell you . I have no idea . " He added , in response to a question , that he had never used such language before . Boston Police Commissioner Edward Davis denounced the e-mail . Barrett used the "  jungle monkey " phrase four times , three times referring to Gates and once to the Boston Globe column . He also declared that he was "  not a racist but I am prejudice -LSB- sic -RSB- toward people who are stupid and pretend to stand up and preach for something they say is freedom but it is merely attention because you do not get enough of it in your little fear-dwelling circle of on-the-bandwagon followers . " According to a statement from Boston police , Davis took action immediately on learning of Barrett 's remarks , stripping the officer of his gun and his badge . Barrett 's arrests and investigations will be reviewed for indications of racial bias , Davis said . The department will also look closely at the officers who received or viewed the e-mail .	Officer suspended for referring to black prof as a "  banana-eating jungle monkey " Justin Barrett wrote e-mail talking about Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Barrett is suing city of Boston , saying suspension violates his civil rights Gates was arrested at his house after police thought he was breaking in
CNN  -- A group of men hoist a woman in a wheelchair over the railing of a bridge in Whistler , British Columbia , and let go . The woman screams -- for joy , as her blue bungee cord stretches and goes taut over an icy river 100 meters below . She bounces up and down several times , strapped in her wheelchair , her blond hair flying . "  I 'm used to sitting upright all the time so the first two seconds sideways really made my stomach turn , " said the woman , Christine Rougoor . "  It was amazing ! " Video of Rougoor 's fantastic jump is quickly becoming an Internet sensation . The 25-year-old from Niagra Falls , Ontario made the amazing plunge last Thursday after winning a charity contest sponsored by an adventure company specializing in helping people with disabilities achieve their extreme sport dreams . The group 9Lives Adventures was founded by Karim Ladki , who was paralyzed after breaking his neck in an accident but was determined to continue stoking his love for adventure . The group held a video contest for people with physical disabilities , encouraging them to share their stories . The top three won an all-expenses-paid trip to Whistler to go back-country snowmobiling and bungee jumping . Ladki has organized similar trips in the past and says it 's perfectly safe . "  I normally tell the first-time jumpers to stay in the chair as it provides a good back support and keeps you upright , " he said . "  This also prevents any blood from moving around the body too much , furthermore preventing any lightheadedness or black-outs . " That was encouragement enough for Rougoor . "  For me , the last thing I wanted to do was get thrown over  and  then black out and not remember it ! " she said . Rougoor won the trip by submitting a video of her shooting guns , riding high-tech bikes for paraplegics , and playing tennis in her wheelchair . The education student has been in a wheelchair since she broke her spine in a motocross accident while vacationing in Florida in 2008 . Rougoor said in her video submission that she was in a coma for three weeks , but was determined to get her life back on track after she got out of the hospital . She returned to college and earned a high school teaching license in art and French , but also has been working hard as a fundraiser for people with mobility issues . The bungee jump was liberating , Rougoor said . "  It was a couple of seconds of freedom from any worries and thoughts . " So would she encourage other people with disabilities to take the leap ? "  I would do it again in a heartbeat , " she said . "  The minute I got back , I begged them to push me back over ! "	Rougoor has been paralyzed since a motocross accident in 2008 9Lives Adventures helps the disabled live out their extreme sports dreams The bungee jump provided a few seconds of freedom , Rougoor says
CNN  -- The federal government may require automakers to road test cars to ensure the accuracy of gas mileage claims , the Environmental Protection Agency confirmed Tuesday . Currently , the EPA road tests 10 to 15 percent of new vehicles every year , but the other 85 % are tested by the car companies themselves , typically through use of computer modeling , wind tunnels and treadmill-like tests . But those methods have come under scrutiny . Korea 's Hyundai and Kia lowered fuel economy estimates for some 2012 and 2013 models after the EPA found discrepancies between agency results and data submitted by the company . Mileage claims were lowered by 1 or 2 miles per gallon on most cars , but the Kia Soul was adjusted by 6 miles per gallon . And Ford last month agreed to make a "  goodwill payment " to owners of 2013 - and 2014-model year hybrid vehicles and most 2014 Fiestas after the EPA challenged its mileage claims . The answer , the EPA says , is to require car makers to conduct road tests . "  Some automakers already do this , but we are establishing a regulatory requirement for all auto makers , " Chris Grundler , director of the EPA 's Office of Transportation and Air Quality , told the Wall Street Journal . The proposal has not been formalized , and would have to go through a lengthy public comment and review period . "  At this early stage , it is premature for us to speculate on what form a proposal may take , " the agency said in a statement Tuesday . "  EPA will engage interested stakeholders proactively before making any proposal . " The EPA said the wind tunnel and other tests are important to get repeatable , reliable data . But it said it is considering requiring road tests . The Obama administration has pushed through significant changes in auto mileage requirements for passenger cars and light trucks , including SUVs , pickups and minivans , as a way to reduce U.S. oil consumption . Related policies and consumer demand with gas prices going up have led to design changes , lighter vehicles , cleaner-burning engines and more gas-electric hybrid vehicles . Cars that go further on a gallon of gas are also a big selling point with consumers looking to save money at the pump .	The EPA has challenged some car companies on their gas mileage claims EPA road tests only a fraction of vehicles , while car companies basically use other methods The Obama administration has pushed through tougher standards for better gas mileage Consumers have responded , driven by saving money at the pump
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard promised a "  thorough review " Friday after a training exercise intended to have been "  normal " and "  low profile " wound up instead triggering concerns about the security of the president on the anniversary of the September 11 attacks . U.S. Coast Guard vessels participate in a training exercise Friday on the Potomac River . "  We are going to take a good , hard look at what we did here today and ensure that , if we need to modify procedures , if we need to modify communications , we will do so in the future , " Vice Adm. John Currier of the Coast Guard said . The incident began shortly before 10 a.m. , when CNN journalists monitoring video from a Washington TV station saw Coast Guard vessels apparently trying to keep another vessel from passing . The Coast Guard vessels were moving rapidly in the water as the president 's motorcade drove on the nearby Memorial Bridge , after a September 11 commemoration event at the Pentagon . In a Coast Guard radio transmission audible over police scanners monitored by CNN , a voice could be heard saying , "  You 're approaching a Coast Guard security zone . ... If you do n't stop your vessel , you will be fired upon . Stop your vessel immediately . " Later , someone could be heard saying "  bang , bang , bang , bang " and "  we have expended 10 rounds . " CNN called the Coast Guard immediately after the initial reports suggesting possible trouble in the water ; a spokeswoman said she had no information about activity in that area . Over the next 20 to 25 minutes , CNN made several phone calls and sent several e-mails to the USCG spokeswoman , asking for information . The spokeswoman said she was attempting to get information but was not able to get any . After CNN heard the radio transmission saying 10 rounds had been expended , CNN went to air with the story . At 10:23 a.m. ET , after CNN had aired its initial report , the spokeswoman said that she had heard the incident may have been an exercise but that she did not know the source of that information . At 11:09 a.m. , CNN received a Coast Guard e-mail confirming that it was a training exercise . The Coast Guard said that a training frequency had been used for communication . Currier said that such radio transmissions generally begin with an announcement that they are training exercises but added that he did not know whether that was done in this case . Watch as Currier describes a "  normal training exercise " " Officials said that no shots were fired and that the radio announcements were a standard part of the exercise . Other agencies , including the Secret Service , which protects the president , had not been notified of the exercise in advance . The Secret Service said Obama had returned to the White House by the time reports surfaced of possible shots fired in the area . Watch how the exercise on the Potomac stirs up commotion " Federal agency emergency operations centers were neither aware of nor notified about the exercise and began implementing response procedures as though it had been a real event , a federal source said . The report led officials at Reagan National Airport to ground flights from 10:08 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. , said Diane Spitaliere of the Federal Aviation Administration . The FBI , upon hearing media reports , dispatched agents who had reached the water 's edge before they learned from other law enforcement agencies that the incident was an exercise , said Supervisory Special Agent Katherine Schweit , a spokeswoman for the Washington Field Office . The Metropolitan Police Department Harbor Patrol , which is responsible for patrolling the Potomac , was not notified either , law enforcement sources in Washington said . The patrol has now demanded that the Coast Guard notify it in before carrying out any training exercises on the Potomac , the sources said . Currier said such exercises take place four times a week , and other agencies are generally not informed . Sen. George Voinovich , R-Ohio , was critical of the way the exercise was handled . "  The anxiety caused by this situation on such a solemn day is extremely disturbing , " he said in a statement , adding that he would like to hear from Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano . "  It sounds very much like the left hand did n't know what the right hand was doing . " Military Families United , an advocacy group , called for an investigation . The incident was "  at the height of irresponsibility , " the group said in a statement , adding that whoever commissioned it "  should be held accountable . " "  These families have traveled from all over the country to convene at the Pentagon on this tragic anniversary , and this training exercise not only caused unwarranted stress for these families but it was a distraction from the purpose of today . ... This kind of incompetence and insensitivity can not be permissible and should be addressed at the highest levels of government . " Frances Townsend , a CNN contributor and homeland security adviser under former President George W. Bush , called the incident an act of "  felony stupidity . " The Coast Guard said in its statement , "  The best way that we in the Coast Guard can remember September 11 and our security obligations to the nation is to be always ready and this requires constant training and exercise . To ensure the appropriate readiness posture we conduct training scenarios across the nation on a daily basis . " Asked whether the Coast Guard 's action was appropriate , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said , "  That 's a decision that 's made by the Coast Guard . " He said he saw no parallels to an incident in April , when a plane resembling Air Force One flew low over New York as part of a government-sanctioned promotional photo shoot . The incident triggered security fears and angered the White House . Regarding Friday 's incident , Gibbs instead criticized the media -- specifically CNN , which reported the incident as it was unfolding . "  I think , it appears as if a lot of this might have been avoided , " he said , referring to what was "  on television . " Expressing frustration , he said to a CNN correspondent , "  It 's not directed at you , just writ large at CNN . " "  If anybody was unnecessarily alarmed based on erroneous reporting that denoted that shots had been fired , I think everybody is , uh , everybody is apologetic of that , " Gibbs said . In a statement , CNN said , "  Given the circumstances , it would have been irresponsible not to report on what we were hearing and seeing . As with any breaking news story , information is often fluid , and CNN updated the story with the official explanation from the Coast Guard as soon as it was provided . "	Coast Guard will "  take a good , hard look " at handling of exercise , official says FAA official : Flights delayed at Reagan National Airport for about 20 minutes Exercise occurs near where president observed 9/11 anniversary at Pentagon White House spokesman criticizes CNN for reporting event
New York  CNN  -- Zahra Shams is a 21-year-old student of law at Ferdowsi University in Mashhad , Iran . She was arrested on May 6 , 2010 , and held in solitary confinement . She is not a political activist . The reason for her arrest : Her sister Fatemeh Shams , a poet , blogger and graduate student at Oxford University , is a solid supporter of the Green Movement in Iran . Fatemeh Shams became even more vocal since last summer 's presidential election , when her husband , Mohammad Reza Jalaipour , also a graduate student at Oxford , was arrested in the airport as the couple was leaving Iran to resume their studies in the U.K. . He was jailed for more than two months and subsequently released , but not permitted to leave Iran to join his wife in Oxford to resume his studies . The authorities in Iran evidently arrested Zahra Shams to force her sister Fatemeh into silence in Oxford . She did not become silent . Last week the authorities released Zahra Shams . Majid Tavakoli is a 24-year-old student activist from Amir Kabir Technical University in Tehran . He has been repeatedly jailed for long periods of time . Arrested on December 7 , 2009 , during the student protests over the disputed presidential election of 2009 , Tavakoli became the subject of global solidarity when authorities in Iran sought to humiliate him by taking his picture garbed in mandatory women 's veils . Almost instantly , countless Iranian men wore veils and published their pictures on the internet in solidarity with Tavakoli . Similarly , when Tavakoli went on a dry hunger strike to protest his solitary confinement , his mother , too , initiated a hunger strike in solidarity with her son , which many young Iranians from around the globe followed . The authorities yielded and transferred Tavakoli from solitary confinement to a regular ward . Zahra Shams , an apolitical law student , and Majid Tavakoli , a major political activist and a pain in the neck of the Islamic theocracy in Iran , are two typical examples of the two ends of the spectrum on which young Iranians are challenging the 31-year-old theocracy that has ruled their land . The hopes and aspirations of these young women and men -- in a nation where young people make up some 70 percent of the total population -- are now branded a "  fetneh/menace " by the loud propaganda machinery of the Islamic Republic . Fortunately for Iran , and fortunately for the world , that old and noisy machinery is n't working . Zahra Shams and Majid Tavakoli , and the generation they represent , are in charge of representing themselves and telling the world what they want . June 12 , 2010 , is the first anniversary of the election that sparked the Green Movement in Iran , a nonviolent civil rights uprising that caught the world by surprise . In a region infested with violence -- genocidal , homicidal or suicidal -- it is impossible to exaggerate the significance of a massively popular civil rights movement that has begun and continued with the most fundamental democratic question of "  Where is my vote ? " It is a seminal question that had never been asked on such monumental scale in any other aspiring democracy in the region . With the ring of that simple but resounding question , "  Where is my vote ? " millions of Iranians have forced the hand of the Islamic Republic , exposing its naked brutality . If the world were to listen and watch carefully , it would see that the ancient Greek theory of democracy ; the French Revolution 's cry for liberty , equality and fraternity ; the American revolt against despotism and tyranny ; and ultimately the American Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s are today all resonating in the Iranian cry for freedom . For daring to doubt the veracity of the official results of last year 's presidential election , innocent citizens have been subject to systematic and unbridled violence by the security apparatus of a theocratic regime that seems to be , more than anyone else , cognizant of its own absence of legitimacy . Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi , the leading two opposition figures , just canceled their call for a mass silent rally on the first anniversary of the Green Movement for fear of organized state violence against peaceful demonstrators . The Islamic Republic is of course no exception to the rule of state-sponsored violence against innocent civilians in the region . Against that backdrop , the Green Movement in Iran has opened a new and unprecedented chapter in the political culture of the region that old colonial officers branded "  the Middle East . " Violent coups , militant rebellions , military invasions and brute insurrectionary uprisings are the staple of the political culture in this region . In a region where the enduring formation of democratic institutions and of nonviolent transition to democracy has always been thwarted by the rise of one charismatic tyrant or another , from Jamal Abd al-Nasser to Ayatollah Khomeini , the Green Movement boasts no such leader . And it is teaching those who care to watch an entirely new lesson in the art and craft of small steps and careful coalition-building on the long and arduous path to democracy . By contrast , the West 's claim to moral superiority has been undermined by the continued carnage in Iraq and Afghanistan , both still effectively under U.S.-led occupation , and of Israel 's wanton disregard for the humanitarian crisis in Gaza . What 's a little torture in Kahrizak and Evin over the last year compared to what the United States has done in Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo Bay and Bagram Airbase in the course of its "  war on terror " over the last decade ? The United States has invariably supported undemocratic regimes to safeguard its immediate interests , compromising its longstanding ideals and principles . Today , Iranian demonstrators braving brutal repression in their streets and on their rooftops are truer to the ideals and aspirations of Thomas Jefferson and Martin Luther King Jr. than those in positions of power and authority in the United States . One can scarce imagine a more urgent issue facing the United States than the possibility of an Islamic Republic achieving nuclear arms . But is President Obama a credible leader to force Iran to stop its nuclear ambition when he continues with the double standard of never bringing Israel or Pakistan , two nuclear power allies of the United States who are not even signatories to the nonproliferation treaty , to the negotiating table ? The Green Movement is providing President Obama with a historic opportunity to show the courage of his imagination and opt for regional and ultimately global disarmament , predicated on a nonviolent principle that community organizers  he must remember that term  in Iran seem to have learned from Martin Luther King more earnestly than he has . One year later , the Green Movement is unfolding in multiple and varied ways , and nothing will stop it . It may thunder as a cascade or flow quietly on a plateau -- but like any other bountiful river it will not stop until it reaches its destined ocean . From the gracious patience of Zahra Shams in solitary confinement in a Mashhad prison to the noble anger of Majid Tavakoli counting days to his people 's freedom in a cell in Evin prison , the young Iranians are teaching nations the very alphabet of a language of liberation that the world leaders are yet to learn . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	Hamid Dabashi says young people continue the fight for freedom in Iran He says Green Movement is marks its anniversary as it survives repression by regime Green Movement embodies ideals of freedom from American revolution He says U.S. policy in region is n't living up to America 's own ideals
CNN  Looking only at the historic , social and political facts , you will miss the spiritual phenomenon that enabled us to come together to change the South and the nation in 1965 . MLK , LBJ , SNCC , SCLC , NAACP , churches , synagogues , universities , trade unions , United Nations , federal courts , FBI and even Congress came together in spite of historic conflicts and differences to create one of the greatest occasions in the history of our nation . That 's miraculous . This complex story has evolved into a visual psalm of spiritual power that leads us to the truths of democracy that defy , but also reveal , the ultimate power that occasionally breaks into our lives and lifts us to new cultural heights . This is Selma the movement and "  Selma " the movie . Oprah Winfrey and Ava DuVernay , with a team of brilliant , but mostly little-known actors and artists , attempted to tell this story in Hollywood . They condensed years into minutes -- with great success . Very few of the personalities , their families or their institutions will like this phenomenal effort , for it does not give them the credit or the recognition to which they feel entitled . We often get lost in the trees and miss the forest , and its life-saving grandeur and beauty . The opening scenes of "  Selma " shocked me into a spiritual realm with the sudden explosion in the midst of four beautiful , laughing little girls in Sunday school at the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham , Alabama . That scene put me on an emotional roller coaster ride that reminded me that whatever success I have enjoyed was because of the sacrifice and suffering of others : from Medgar Evers , James Chaney , Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner , to Jimmie Lee Jackson , James Reeb , and Viola Liuzzo . We are what we are because others risked and gave their lives to redeem our world from the evils of racism , war and poverty . Zelizer : The real story behind ` Selma ' The movie "  Selma " has been years in the making . Many have tried . But most have given up because of the difficulties of accommodating so many constituencies , patents , property rights and the complex ego structure of our society . I 'm pleased that did not happen with this film . Selma then and now When you see "  Selma " for yourself -- and you must -- look for the miraculous transformation of America . Without violence . With very little money . And with only our faith in the creator as our source of power . "  Selma " is a cinematic tribute to the democratic vision that we can live together in freedom without violence . Fifty years later , the challenge is global as well as local . Now we must learn to address the economic crisis of unemployed poor and under-employed workers . Just as the answers 50 years ago revolved around voting , today 's issues revolve around jobs , the economy , gender , culture , religion and healing . But now , we know that we can . Because of the miracle of Selma in 1965 and today as a film in 2015 , we can bear witness and embrace the powerful belief that we shall overcome .	Andrew Young : The movement for voting rights achieved a miracle , depicted in the film "  Selma " He says peaceful protesters worked with politicians to gain justice
CNN  -- "  Alien oceans could be detected by telescope , " headlines a Web report about an article in The Astrophysical Journal Letters by Tyler Robinson and colleagues at NASA . The report projects that the $ 6.5 billion James Webb Space Telescope will be capable of such an impressive feat when it is launched some time after 2014 as a more powerful successor to the venerable Hubble Space Telescope . I will be the first to admit that I have been awed by the images of our universe that Hubble has provided over the past two decades , and by the mind-bending scientific discoveries that have ensued . But when it comes to observing our own oceans , we spend only a small fraction of what is allotted to the astronomy community . Why ? Our Earth is running a slight fever from inhaling excessive amounts of carbon dioxide for the past few centuries , and the oceans are the largest reservoir for absorbing all this excess CO2 . But at present , we have very limited ability to monitor the health of our patient , understand the impacts all this carbon dioxide will have on its chemistry and its inhabitants , and predict the future course of the "  infection . " The ocean needs a global monitoring network to provide real-time information to climatologists , as well as to oceanographers , who worry about the consequences of all this additional carbon for the health of the ocean 's chemistry and biology . The Earth needs a Hubble for its oceans . The National Science Foundation has taken an encouraging step in this direction by funding the new Ocean Observatories Initiative through the Consortium for Ocean Leadership . This initiative will comprise an array of deep-sea moorings outfitted with sensors , along with seafloor cables , gliders and autonomous underwater vehicles . These devices will measure and transmit real-time information not only on basic properties such as temperature , salinity and current flow , but on biological , chemical and geophysical properties as well . The project shares many similarities with Hubble . Both must operate in remote , extreme environments -- vacuum and extremes of temperature and radiation in space , compared with crushing pressures and highly corrosive seawater in the cold , dark depths of the sea . Hubble must be able to point accurately and hold position with gyroscopes for lengthy exposures , while the ocean project 's moorings must be capable of positioning a wide range of sensors and samplers at precise depths in a water column that is often miles deep , and in the face of currents and surface waves . Both require complex communications networks and control centers to monitor the instruments and direct operations while collecting and analyzing the torrent of data . Both are long-term observatories expected to operate for decades , and both require servicing missions to replace and upgrade damaged or depleted components . But there is one important difference . While the Hubble and its planned successors like the Webb are endowed with billions of dollars , the Ocean Observatories Initiative began its initial construction in September 2009 with $ 106 million from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act and has an overall construction budget of only about $ 387 million . Because of this comparatively low level of funding , the project is limited in initial scope and will be blind to critical features of the ocean environment that will be essential to our ability to track the flow of carbon and its confinement in deep waters . It is essential that we more accurately measure the ocean 's primary productivity -- the consumption of CO2 by microscopic phytoplankton that use it to create oxygen and energy . This process drives the ocean food chain upon which billions of us ultimately depend for significant portions of the protein in our diets . We further need to understand the composition and dynamics of this community of phytoplankton and the animal forms of plankton that feed upon them , as well as the complex ocean chemistry surrounding them . Given the current realities of oceanographic budgets for projects of this size , however , one can anticipate squabbling over priorities and scarce dollars . But the community instead should be galvanized to champion the need for a century of ocean observation -- deploying the truly global array of sensors that will be necessary for our comprehensive understanding of carbon flow in the oceans . Our Hubble for the sea needs a budget commensurate with the importance of its mission . And I , for one , would gladly wait a bit longer to learn of oceans on distant planets in return for the ability to see our own precious seas with the clarity and detail that will be required to insure the continued existence of life on this planet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Ulmer .	Kevin Ulmer : Billions are being spent for space telescopes that explore the universe He says a more urgent need is to understand how increasing carbon dioxide affects oceans Scientists are developing a system to begin monitoring health of the oceans Ulmer says more funding for the project is vital to understand the changing planet
CNN  -- Classically trained ballet dancer Riyo Mori had dreams of dancing on Broadway , but her plans suddenly changed when , aged 21 , she won the Miss Universe beauty pageant . Riyo Mori is a trained ballet dancer and plans to open her own dance school . Mori was born on December 1986 in Shizuoka , Japan . Her mother is a dance instructor and Mori began dancing when she was four , soon showing she had inherited her mother 's ability . While her mother taught jazz dance , tap dance and modern dance , Mori chose ballet as her own medium , and when she was just 16 , Mori moved to Canada to study at Quinte Ballet School of Canada . She was set to continue dancing at the Broadway Dance Center in New York , when her grandmother convinced her to enter the Miss Universe beauty pageant . Mori traveled to Mexico City in May 2007 and beat 76 other contestants to claim the coveted Miss Universe crown . After being named Miss Universe , Mori 's life became one of airports , interviews , photoshoots and TV appearances . She has traveled the world as a goodwill ambassador and supported numerous charities . Mori says of herself , "  I think I have a samurai soul . I 'm very patient and I can serve others . " In October 2007 , Mori landed a spot on MTV reality show "  Pageant Place , " for which she shared a house with Rachel Smith  Miss USA 2007  , Katie Blair  Miss Teen USA 2006  and Hilary Cruz  Miss Teen USA 2007  . In July 2008 , Mori traveled to Vietnam to pass on her crown to Miss Universe 2008 , Dayana Mendoza of Venezuela . Mori says that dancing is her true love , adding "  dancing is great because this is how I express myself -- this is where I learn how to be confident . " But she has shown an interest in acting , auditioning for a role in U.S. TV series "  Heroes , " and it may be that Mori will one day swap Tokyo for Hollywood . Mori still dreams of dancing on Broadway and has plans to open a dance school , saying "  I want to teach the young generation , through dancing , how to be positive , patient and happy . These three things are very important to me . " Still only 22 years old , you get the feeling that anything is possible for this beauty queen with "  a samurai soul . "	Riyo Mori was born in Shizuoka , Japan , and was crowned Miss Universe in 2007 A trained dancer , Mori moved to Canada when she was 16 to study ballet She shared a house with other beauty queens for MTV reality show "  Pageant Place " Mori still dreams of dancing on Broadway and plans to open a dance school
CNN  -- Every country competing at the London 2012 Olympics will have at least one female athlete after Saudi Arabia included two women in its team for the first time . Wodjan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani , a judo competitor , and 800 meters runner Sarah Attar will compete in London after the Saudi Arabian Olympic Committee named the duo in their team inside the official deadline of July 9 . They had been invited to take part by the International Olympic Committee  IOC  . "  This is very positive news and we will be delighted to welcome these two athletes in London in a few weeks ' time , " IOC president Jacques Rogge said in a statement on Thursday . "  The IOC has been working very closely with the Saudi Arabian Olympic Committee and I am pleased to see that our continued dialogue has come to fruition . " Historic breakthrough or false dawn ? The strict Muslim nation had been the last bastion of male-only teams after Qatar and Brunei -- the two other nations that failed to send a woman to the Beijing Olympics four years ago -- announced they would accede to the IOC 's desire to end sexual discrimination among its member nations . "  The IOC has been striving to ensure a greater gender balance at the Olympic Games , and today 's news can be seen as an encouraging evolution , " Rogge said . Going to the Games , or watching from home ? Send us your pictures and videos "  With Saudi Arabian female athletes now joining their fellow female competitors from Qatar and Brunei Darussalam , it means that by London 2012 every National Olympic Committee will have sent women to the Olympic Games . " Shooter Bahiya Al-Hamad is one of four Qatari women going to London , and will carry her country 's flag . "  I 'm overwhelmed to have been asked to carry the Qatari flag at the opening ceremony , " she said on the IOC website . "  It 's a truly historic moment for all athletes . " Weather warning : London Olympics ' biggest threat ? The London Games officially open on July 27 and run until August 12 , with athletes from 204 nations expected to take part . Saudi runner Attar has been training in the United States . "  A big inspiration for participating in the Olympic Games is being one of the first women for Saudi Arabia to be going , " the 17-year-old said at her San Diego base . "  It 's such a huge honor and I hope that it can really make some big strides for women over there to get more involved in sport . " Saudi Arabia 's decision is a rare concession for a kingdom where women are banned from driving . They can not vote or hold public office , though that will change in 2015 . Are Saudi women ready to compete ? Women in Saudi Arabia also can not marry , leave the country , go to school or open bank accounts without permission from a male guardian , who usually is the father or husband . Much of public life is segregated by gender . When it came to sports , female athletes were barred from the Olympic Games because they would be participating in front of a mixed-gender crowd . Human Rights Watch , which has criticized the Saudi government 's restrictions on women , hailed the decision as "  an important precedent " but warned that it needed to be backed up by allowing more females to participate in sport . "  Without policy changes to allow women and girls to play sports and compete within the kingdom , little can change for millions of women and girls deprived of sporting opportunities , " said its senior Middle East researcher Christoph Wilcke . "  Female participation in the London Games will only have impact if it begins to level the playing field for women in the Kingdom . Now is the time for the International Olympic Committee to use its leverage and lay down concrete plans for female sports to girls schools , women 's sports clubs and competitive tournaments . " The IOC said female participation at the first London Games in 1908 was 1.8 % of all competitors , increasing to 9.5 % when the UK capital was next host in 1948 . At Beijing four years ago , the ratio was more than 42 % -- and the IOC expects that to increase again . The United States will field more women than men for the first time in its history , with 269 of the 530 athletes taking part being female . "  It is a true testament to the impact of ` Title IX , ' which in its 40-year history has increased sport opportunities for millions of females across the United States , " said U.S. Olympic chief Scott Blackmun , referring to the legislation that bans sexual discrimination . Seven of the U.S. team will be taking part in their fifth Olympics . Five of them are women : high jumper Amy Acuff , archer Khatuna Lorig , equestrian Karen O'Connor , shooter Kim Rhode and volleyball player Danielle Scott-Arruda .	Saudi Arabia includes two female athletes in its team for the London Olympics One judo competitor and a middle-distance runner will take part in London International Olympic Committee has been striving for gender equality at the Olympics U.S. Olympic team will have more women than men for the first time
CNN  -- The "  mommy wars " that have cropped up repeatedly this campaign season are a figment of political pundits ' imagination . The most recent example , of course , was the political and media tempest that followed Democratic strategist Hilary Rosen 's comment that Ann Romney , Mitt Romney 's wife and a mother of five , had not "  worked a day in her life . " Many made political hay with the remark . The truth is most women are n't fighting about this . They know that work is involved to make everyday life happen : the feeding , and clothing and caring for oneself and one 's family , whether earning the money to buy the clothes and food , or being at home , washing those clothes or cooking dinner . All mothers work , nearly all of the time . And so do many fathers . But there is a serious issue hidden in the silliness of the alleged mommy wars , and it is the contradictory , conflicting beliefs we have about the value of taking time to care for other people . Who should take care of young people and their grandparents , and how should they be rewarded ? We claim to value families , but we do n't really value what it takes to care for them . Let me give you some examples : Contradiction # 1 : Everyone seems to agree that women and men should have equal rights . But when was the last time you heard someone say that a man should make fatherhood a "  career " ? It is true today that sometimes , men do become stay-at-home dads , but even in the consciously feminist families I wrote about in my book , "  Gender Vertigo , " men share the "  work " of raising their children ; I did n't interview one man who described fatherhood as a career . And it took me a long time to find couples that really shared the work equally . There are blogs to help parents equally share the work  like Marc and Amy Vachon 's blog  , but if parenting is truly the socially valued career choice that politicians on both sides of the political spectrum claim , why do so few men identify fatherhood as their primary career ? Contradiction # 2 : Everyone seems to agree that parenting involves sophisticated emotional and psychological skills and not merely grunt work . But if people truly believe that , why does Stanford sociologist Shelley Correll and her colleagues find time and time again that mothers are discriminated against in hiring and promotions ? Contradiction # 3 : Everyone seems to agree that America supports "  family values . " But research published in this month 's American Sociological Review shows that women who breast-feed for six months or more pay a mommy penalty in wages for the rest of their lives because of the lack of work policies that protect employed women 's right to breast-feed on the job . Why does n't the U.S. institute the same protections for women 's right to breast-feed as other Western industrial countries ? Contradiction # 4 : Everyone seems to agree that when women married to men of means choose to be stay-at-home moms , they are doing so for the good of their children . But when poor women , without access to first-rate child care , choose to stay home with their babies , we tend to call them lazy welfare mothers . Our social policy of providing only very "  temporary assistance to needy families " comes with the built-in insistence that they take personal responsibility for their children , meaning they should get themselves a low-wage job , often with no choice but to leave their children in less than optimal child care . Sociologist Mirra Komarovsky pointed out these contradictions back in 1953 . She argued back then that if society truly believed caretaking was an important and difficult job , nursery school teachers would rate a salary at least equal to the beginning salary of a street cleaner . Not much has changed since then . As Stephanie Coontz , a historian and co-chair of the Council on Contemporary Families , told me : "  It 's time for politicians to stop competing over the women 's votes and start competing over who has the best programs to support all parents , whatever their employment status or their gender . " Why all these contradictions ? Because we have a society in flux . We have inherited both workplace cultures and beliefs from a time in our past when successful men had wives to take care of their homes and children . Workplaces got two employees for the price of one , the husband and his domestic wife . Unions fought for "  family wages " so working-class men could benefit from women 's household work as well . That 's not the world we live in today . Now , for better or worse , most mothers of young children -- married and single -- work both inside and outside their homes . Their workplaces , and our cultural conversation full of contradictions , has lagged far behind . Let 's call a truce on the fictional mommy wars and start a war on workplaces that do n't allow mommies and daddies to live full lives , on the job and at home . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barbara J. Risman .	Barbara Risman : "  Mommy wars " are cooked up by politicians and media , not everyday women She says women know well the conflicts society presents them over value of their work She says women told job of mothering is valued , so why do n't dads make it a "  career ? " Women face discrimination over mother choices , Risman says ; workplaces must catch up
CNN  -- A Louisiana judge has ordered prosecutors to release their files on the deaths of patients at a New Orleans hospital in the days following Hurricane Katrina , finding that no related legal cases are in the works . Baton Rouge District Judge Donald Johnson ruled that investigators ' records of the Memorial Medical Center deaths do n't involve "  criminal litigation which is either pending or which can be reasonably anticipated , " so they have to be disclosed under state open records laws . It 's the second such order by a state judge , following a 2007 decision that was vacated by an appeals court . Hospital workers identified only as John and Jane Doe had sued to block the public release of the file , claiming the records are covered by grand jury secrecy rules , that they should have been considered confidential informants and that releasing the documents would violate their privacy . CNN and the New Orleans Times-Picayune are among the parties to the lawsuit , which also included state and local prosecutors . "  We are glad that the Louisiana court has recognized that the investigatory file into the deaths that occurred at Memorial Medical Center in the days following Hurricane Katrina can no longer be withheld from disclosure under the public records laws , " CNN said in a statement on the decision . "  CNN remains committed to covering New Orleans post-Katrina . " The Louisiana Supreme Court sent the case back to the district court in July to rule on whether criminal litigation in the case was expected , leading to the ruling received today . There was no immediate word on whether any of those parties would appeal , but Lori Mince , one of the lawyers who represented CNN , said she expected someone will do so . "  Unless everyone is going to fold up their tent , which seems unlikely , we 're in for another several months of appeals , " Mince said . The case stems from allegations that several seriously ill , mostly elderly patients had been euthanized by medical staff at Memorial Hospital following the 2005 hurricane , when floodwaters rose around the hospital and conditions inside deteriorated . A doctor and two nurses were arrested in connection with the deaths , but a grand jury declined to bring charges against them in 2007 . CNN was the first to report the allegations of euthanasia , six weeks after the hurricane . Then-Louisiana Attorney General Charles Foti Jr. ordered the arrest of Dr. Anna Pou and two nurses on preliminary charges of second-degree murder in the deaths of four of the patients . Foti said the four , who ranged in age from their early 60s to their early 90s , were given a "  lethal cocktail " of morphine and another depressant , midazolam hydrochloride . Experts he consulted reported that of all the people who died in Katrina , only at Memorial was that combination of drugs to blame . Pou and the nurses , Lori Budo and Cheri Landry , denied the charges , and their attorneys said they acted heroically by staying to treat patients rather than evacuate . Foti gave Budo and Landry immunity in exchange for their testimony , but in July 2007 , a grand jury refused to indict Pou . Then-New Orleans District Attorney Eddie Jordan called the case closed and said he would no longer pursue it . But the grand jury never heard testimony from five specialists who advised Foti that the patients were deliberately killed with overdoses of drugs . All five were brought in by Foti 's office to analyze the deaths , and concluded the patients were homicide victims .	Judge says no pending cases justify keeping file closed CNN had sought the records and praised the decision A grand jury refused to bring charges in 2007 An appeal of the latse decision is likely , lawyer says
MONT TREMBLANT , Quebec  CNN  -- Natasha Richardson came to Mont Tremblant ski resort in eastern Canada last month for what was supposed to be a skiing getaway . Actress Natasha Richardson died after suffering an epidural hematoma in a fall during a ski lesson . But what she may not have known is some doctors have been arguing that if a person here is in need of urgent care at a medical trauma center , he or she may not be able to get there fast enough . The only way to get to the closest trauma center from here is to drive 2 1/2 hours to Montreal . No helicopter medical service is available . The Canadian newspaper The Globe and Mail obtained 911 recordings from Monday , March 16 , when Richardson fell on a beginners slope on a sunny , clear day at the resort . The first request for help came in at 12:43 p.m. , an urgent call that a woman had fallen on the slopes . That woman was Richardson . Seventeen minutes later , at 1 p.m. , an ambulance arrived , but Richardson had been able to walk away from the fall and was headed back to her hotel room . Ten minutes later the ambulance was told to stand down , the call canceled . What Richardson could n't have known is that she suffered an epidural hematoma . It 's a condition where a blood clot forms between the skull and the outer layer of the brain . Too much pressure can cause brain damage and even death . Symptoms include dizziness , headaches and nausea . "  The person seems to be fine and walks it off , and that 's one of the problems with an injury such as this , " said Dr. Liam Durkan , a neurologist with the Montreal Neurology Institute . "  Anytime there is any sort of process expanding in the skull , which is a closed space , once the symptoms are apparent , it can be a matter of 30 minutes to an hour to 90 minutes before there is a major deterioration . " Two hours after her initial fall , while Richardson was back in her hotel room , she was feeling the symptoms . The clock was ticking and she needed to get to a trauma center fast . With the closest trauma center 2 1/2 hours away , time may have been running out on her . It 's recommended that anyone with an epidural hematoma get to the trauma center within 30-90 minutes . At 2:59 p.m. , another ambulance was dispatched to the resort . This time , the paramedics went inside and worked on Richardson for 33 minutes before transporting her to the closest hospital an hour away , but it is not a trauma center . Inside the ambulance , Richardson drifted in and out of consciousness . "  It is a rapidly deteriorating situation and the distance might have been just too much by ambulance , road ambulance or air ambulance . It 's difficult to say , " said Durkan , who did not treat Richardson . Depending on the severity of the injury at the time , he said , even helicopter services may have been too late . Some trauma doctors have argued for air transport here since the mid-1990s . They say the safest and fastest way to move anyone suffering a trauma injury such as Richardson 's is by helicopter . Helicopter transport is common practice in the United States and other areas of Canada . But in the Quebec region , very few places have access to air transport . In an open letter to the citizens of Quebec sent to the Montreal Gazette , Dr. Michael Churchill Smith , director of professional services at the Montreal General Hospital , said incidents like Natasha Richardson 's should serve as a wake-up call to Quebec . "  It is no longer morally acceptable for our citizens who , in the moment of their greatest needs , do not have access to a rapid transit system that gives them the best chance to not only survive , but to survive with a quality of life . " Daniel LeFrancois , director of Quebec 's pre-hospital care , told the Gazette that cost is prohibitive when a one-hour flight costs $ 6,000 . It 's a question of resources and priorities focusing on "  the biggest gain for the biggest need , " he said . Richardson was taken from Mont Tremblant to a hospital in St. Agathe , which does not have the facilities to help someone with a severe head trauma . Richardson was transferred to the trauma center in Montreal about 7 p.m. , more than six hours after her initial fall . Twenty-four hours later she was flown to a New York hospital , where she was taken off life support and died . No one can answer the question whether a helicopter service could have saved Richardson 's life . She refused services immediately after her fall , but with the clock ticking immediately after she felt symptoms from her injury , 2 1/2 hours may have been too far away even if she 'd gotten help immediately .	Resort where Natasha Richardson was injured is 2 1/2 - hour drive from trauma center No helicopter medical services are available With epidural hematoma , survival window without treatment is about 90 minutes Some Canadian trauma doctors have argued for air transport since 1990s
CNN  -- A flowering California shrub thought to be extinct in the wild for almost seven decades was added to the federal endangered species list Wednesday after a sharp-eyed biologist spotted the plant on a highway median while driving off the Golden Gate Bridge . The last known Franciscan manzanita  Arctostaphylos franciscana  was discovered in 2009 during a highway construction project , and after genetic tests confirmed the species , the state spent $ 109,000 on a crane to move the plant and its 12.5-ton root ball to another site so the $ 1 billion project could continue , federal and state officials said . The low-growing coastal shrub was relocated to another area in the Presidio of San Francisco , a 1,491-acre national park next to the Golden Gate Bridge , federal officials said . The evergreen is estimated to be more than 50 years old and was growing a few feet from traffic along the Doyle Drive roadway , also designated as U.S. Highway 101 , which connects the bridge and San Francisco , officials said . Cry endangered wolf ? Not in Wyoming . The plant lay hidden under eucalyptus and other trees , officials said . When the trees were cleared , the manzanita became visible for the first time in decades and was spotted by biologist Daniel Gluesenkamp , director of habitat restoration for Audubon Canyon Ranch , who was driving home from speaking at a climate change conference , according to federal officials and the Wild Equity Institute . Gluesenkamp noticed the unusual plant while driving 40 mph in heavy traffic , and he confirmed his suspicions about the plant 's identity when he returned to the site a few days later , the institute said . The manzanita was last seen in the wild in 1947 when a botanist stood in front of earth-moving equipment and saved what was then believed to be the last known wild specimen from a construction site , the institute said . The botanist sent the plant to a botanical garden . The manzanita found in 2009 had grown to a healthy size : Its roots stretched 20 feet wide and sank 18 inches into the soil , officials said . The plant 's bright green leaves are smooth , flat and wider toward the tips . The shrub likes open bedrock outcrops and reaches 3 feet in height , displaying pinkish flowers from January to April . It reproduces from seed after a fire or other disturbance , and the seeds are eaten and dispersed by raccoons , coyotes , foxes , deer , rodents , quail and turkey , the wildlife service said . The agency is now proposing about 318 acres of federal and state parkland in San Francisco and the surrounding county be designated as critical habitat for the shrub , said U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service spokeswoman Sarah Swenty . Clues to saving Tasmanian Devil from extinction The plant is known only to exist on the San Francisco peninsula area and prefers serpentine soil , a low-nutrient area that allows it to out-compete non-native plants , officials said . "  Genetic diversity in plants is really important , as in animals as well , " Swenty said . "  When you lose a link in the chain , there are unknown consequences that you ca n't see . "  This plant has been used to prevent erosion on our hillsides in the San Francisco area , so it is certainly of benefit to people as well as plants , " Swenty added . The Wild Equity Institute said protecting the long-lost plant under the Endangered Species Act closes "  one of our coldest conservation cases . " The institute petitioned the federal government to put the plant -- "  a subtly charming flowering shrub , " the group says -- on the endangered species list , the organization said . The Center for Biological Diversity and the California Native Plant Society co-petitioned for the protections , the institute said . Invasive species : Eat them before they eat everything	The Franciscan manzanita is a flowering shrub found only on San Francisco peninsula It has been believed extinct since 1947 A highway construction project removes trees covering the plant ; passing biologist notices it The plant and its 11-ton root ball are relocated ; feds put shrub on endangered list
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell uses sports metaphors to describe why he should be re-elected and not sacked by Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes , who would be Kentucky 's first woman senator . "  Change the U.S. Senate and make me the offensive coordinator instead of the defensive coordinator , " McConnell said to a small but enthusiastic crowd in Bowling Green . "  Sports fans know you can score on defense , but it 's hard . When you 're on offense , you get to call the plays and set the agenda for Kentucky and for America . That 's what makes a big difference . " Translation : After two straight elections in which GOP fumbles kept Republicans in the minority , McConnell has another chance at running the Senate as majority leader , but that wo n't happen if he 's defeated here at home and knocked out of the game . 2014 midterms : Key races to watch On the eve of primary day here , McConnell appears confident he has crushed his challenger from the right , Matt Bevin . But it remains to be seen how much of a toll the manpower and money he has spent against Bevin will take -- whether it will weaken him in what is expected to be the toughest campaign against a Democratic challenger in the three decades he has been in office . General election : Who can better define Grimes ? It is also unclear whether the Republicans who do n't support McConnell in the primary will end up voting for him in the fall . McConnell 's campaign points out that Republican primary voters largely rallied around Rand Paul after a divisive GOP battle in 2010 and hope the same will happen this year for McConnell . Grimes , a 35-year-old attorney and Kentucky 's secretary of state , has a classic campaign strategy against the 72-year-old , five-term Senate incumbent : it 's time for change . "  We 've had 30 years of failed leadership under Mitch McConnell ; we can not afford six more , " Grimes declared emphatically to a packed house at her campaign headquarters here in Louisville . 5 key primaries to watch on Tuesday To counter that , McConnell is using a classic strategy for a longtime incumbent . He is trying to paint his seniority as a plus and warn Kentuckians about the perils of a junior senator with little clout in Washington representing them instead of a potential Senate majority leader . "  My opponent , I certainly agree , is a new face , but a new face for what ? New face for the status quo . Same majority leader , same agenda , no change at all . A new face for no change at all , " McConnell argues on the stump . But Grimes ' full-throated assault on McConnell goes beyond a call for change . She is using McConnell 's GOP leader status and his frequent moves to block legislation to make him the symbol of gridlock in Washington . We put that to McConnell in a brief interview . "  What Kentuckians have to decide is which direction they want the country to take , " McConnell told CNN . "  Do we want to go in a different direction , or do we want Harry Reid to continue to be the majority leader ? Do we want a vote for Barack Obama in a state that he carried four out of 120 countries ? That 's what 's really at stake in the fall election , " McConnell told us . Poll : Democrats competitive in key Southern showdowns Like Republicans all over the country , McConnell is trying hard to make this election a referendum on Obama , who lost Kentucky big in 2012 and is highly unpopular now . The problem for McConnell is that he too has a high unfavorable rating , and Democrats here are hoping that will be his ultimate downfall . But McConnell has already been working hard to soften his image with positive television ads . He is also almost always accompanied at campaign stops by his wife , former George W. Bush Labor Secretary Elaine Chao . At their appearance in Bowling Green , she introduced McConnell by calling him her "  soul mate . " Republicans hope that helps another challenge he has in his race against Grimes : women . Grimes is unabashed in her quest to get female voters to the polls by reminding them that she would be their first female senator , but also by ripping McConnell on issues relating to women , such as his opposition to equal pay legislation like the Lilly Ledbetter Act . "  I hope you will spread the word not just across Jefferson County but the Commonwealth of Kentucky that this woman , well , she 's not an empty dress , she 's not a cheerleader , she 's not a rubber stamp , she 's an independent Kentucky woman that stands on her own two feet , " Grimes yelled to her crowd here . Grimes edges out McConnell in cash battle When asked about what polls show is a wide gender gap between him and Grimes , McConnell turned to Obamacare . "  Women in Kentucky have been treated just as badly in this environment as men have . Obamacare , you know women are typically those who manage their family 's health care . They 've been adversely impacted by Obamacare in a serious way . Surveys indicate women object to Obamacare even more than men . I think it ought to be pulled out from the root of the grass , and we ought to start over . I know that 's not the view of my opponent in the fall , " McConnnell told CNN . As for Grimes , she may be trying to make Washington 's problems all about McConnell , but she also clearly knows she has to overcome deep opposition to the President by separating herself from him . "  This election is not a referendum on the President . Nothing about this election is going to change who our President is , but we can actually change who is in Washington , D.C. , and put someone there who fights for the people of this state instead of looking out for his own job , " Grimes told CNN . She has been trying to aggressively criticize the President 's policies on coal , seen in this coal-producing state as punitive . Like other Democrats on the ballot this year , she sidestepped our questions about whether she would welcome the President 's help . She did , however , tell us she would love to campaign with Hillary Clinton , whom she called her "  role model . " Grimes ' father was a prominent supporter of President Bill Clinton during his campaigns and presidency . The former President , whom she called "  family , " has already been to Kentucky to raise money for Grimes .	Mitch McConnell seems set to cruise to a primary win , but the cost remains to be seen It 's also unclear whether tea party Republicans who opposed McConnell will vote in the fall Challenger is using classic campaign against McConnell : It 's time for a change
CNN  The U.S. Air Force is sending its "  tankbusters " back to Europe . The service 's European Command said this week that 12 A-10 Thunderbolts would be deployed to Spangdahlem Air Base , Germany , as part of Operation Atlantic Resolve , which was formed after Russia 's intervention in Ukraine over the past year . "  The Air Force is increasing rotational presence in Europe to reassure our allies and partner nations that our commitment to European security is a priority , " Lt. Gen. Tom Jones , vice commander , United States Air Forces in Europe -- Air Forces Africa , said in a statement . The Air Force said besides operating in Germany , the A-10s will be forward deployed to other partner nations in Eastern Europe . U.S. forces have operated out of bases in Lithuania , Estonia , Latvia and Poland , among others , in the past year . The A-10 , also known as the "  Warthog , " was designed in the 1970s to support ground troops in Europe against the tanks and armored vehicles of the then-Soviet Union . Though the jets can carry a variety of bombs and missiles , they are best known for their nose-mounted , seven-barrel 30 mm Gatling gun that can fire almost 4,000 rounds per minute , enough to quickly blow apart a tank . The planes are also durable , with the pilot protected from ground fire by a wrapping of titanium often called "  the bathtub . " And they are designed for easy maintenance in battlefield areas , with interchangeable parts for the right and left sides of the aircraft . Those capabilities have been battle-proven in Iraq , Afghanistan and the Balkans . Late last year , A-10s were deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve , the U.S. military campaign against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James said in January that the A-10s had flown 11 % of the Air Force 's missions against ISIS despite coming into the conflict more than two months after initial U.S. involvement . Despite its current usefulness , the A-10 is on the Defense Department 's chopping block , with the Air Force wanting to turn over the jet 's ground support mission to its newest fighter , the F-35 . Critics of the move say the A-10 can do better than the F-35 because it can get lower and slower , allowing pilots to get real eyes on targets . And they say it is way cheaper than the F-35 , with a flight hour for the A-10 costing roughly half of what it costs to operate the F-35 , according to numerous reports . The Air Force says it just does n't have the money to support the A-10 , which will be more than 40 years old at its planned retirement in 2019 , and its newest , more advanced aircraft . "  It 's not about not liking or not wanting the A-10 . It 's about some very tough decisions that we have to make to recapitalize an Air Force for the threat 10 years from now , " Gen. Mark Welsh , the Air Force chief of staff , said in January . The dozen A-10s , along with 300 personnel from Davis-Monthan Air Force Base in Arizona , are expected to be in Germany by the end of February , the Air Force said . The deployment is expected to last about six months . A-10s have not been deployed to Europe since May 2013 , when 21 A-10s that were stationed at Spangdahlem were removed , according to a report from Stars and Stripes .	A-10s are going to Europe for the first time since May 2013 The planes were designed to combat Soviet armor during the Cold War A-10s may fall victim to Air Force budget restraints
Jindo , South Korea  CNN  -- Through the unrelenting rain , with the biting winds whipping against her tear-stained face , Christine Kim stands on the cold , gray harbor . "  Inside that water , " she says , pointing to the choppy waves on the Yellow Sea , "  there are children whom I teach and my own child . " Kim is an English teacher at a private tutoring center . Some of her students were aboard the Sewol headed to the resort island of Jeju when the passenger ferry listed and sank . Twenty people were confirmed dead , and 276 were still missing early Friday , according to the South Korean Ministry of Security and Public Administration . One of them is Kim 's youngest daughter . "  My daughter 's in the water , " Kim said , her voice breaking . Regret When the school trip came up at the Anson Daewon High School , her daughter , Billy , was initially reluctant . The family had taken a visit to Jeju less than two months earlier . She did n't want to go on a four-day trip . "  I do n't want to go there because I went there one time , " her daughter told her . Kim convinced her otherwise . "  I think this travel would be a great experience for your school days , " she recalls telling her . So , Tuesday night , Billy boarded the ferry . The next morning , shortly before 9 a.m. , students heard a loud bang and the ship began to list . Some jumped into the frigid water and were rescued . Others have not been heard from . "  All of this , " Kim laments , "  happened because of me . " Sadness Throughout the night Wednesday and into Thursday , family members have camped out at the Paeng Mok Harbor , about 20 kilometers  12 miles  from where the ship capsized . They sit on plastic chairs , huddled together for warmth with blankets on their shoulders . They 're handed coffee cups and instant noodles as they stand vigil . Mothers and grandmothers cry and console each other . One elderly man sits on a chair -- his cell phone in his hands , his hands clasped together as if in prayer . All of them waiting for answers , hoping for a sign . "  It 's been almost 30 hours , " Kim says . "  I ca n't sleep because my daughter 's in the water , in the cold , cold water -- I can never sleep . " Anger After the accident , local media lit up with reports of text messages they said were from passengers . In one , a passenger describes women screaming in the darkness . In another , a father learns his child is trapped . In a third , a son , fearing death , tells his mother he loves her . They have n't been authenticated . But they are reason enough for some parents to believe more survivors will be found . The parents here are angry that officials are n't taking the messages seriously . "  We 're getting texts from our children from the boat , but they do n't believe us , " Kim said . Kim is n't alone in pointing the finger at the South Korean government . It has failed to expend all necessary efforts to rescue the students , she says . Rescue officials say they are at the mercy of the elements . It 's drizzling , making for poor visibility . The water currents are powerful , making for dangerous operations . Three divers who took it upon themselves to go look for the missing were momentarily swept away by the tide Thursday . A fishing boat eventually picked them up . The massive rescue efforts has included 169 boats , 29 planes and 512 divers . Crews will next bring in cranes to stabilize the ship . "  The families must be so heartbroken , I know it 's hard , " South Korean president Park Geun-hye said after touring the accident site Thursday . "  Please , " she told rescuers , "  I urge you , do your best . " Chang Min , whose second-grade son is among the missing , says he 's willing to trust the government "  one last time . But Kim is critical . "  The government is doing nothing for us , as our children are drowning , " she says . Hope The despondent mother breaks into a smile when she talks about how Billy came to pick such a typically American boy 's name for herself . She loved goats when she was little . So she decided to call herself one . Billy promised her mom she would bring back some delicious snacks from Jeju . She waits for her daughter . Freelancer Kim Jung Eun contributed to this article .	Kim convinced her daughter to make the trip "  All of this happened because of me , " she says Parents are holding vigil in a harbor Many are angry that officials are n't doing enough
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- An illegal immigrant dishwasher who lost $ 49,000 to the U.S. government as he tried to take it home to Guatemala will get some of the money back , his attorney said Wednesday . Pedro Zapeta , an illegal immigrant , managed to save $ 59,000 while working as a dishwasher for 11 years . Pedro Zapeta was "  very , very happy " when he learned about a federal appeals court ruling that says he is entitled to recover some of the money , said attorney Robert Gershman , who handled the financial end of Zapeta 's case . Zapeta was carrying $ 59,000 in cash when he was stopped at a security checkpoint at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in 2005 . He told authorities he was returning home to Guatemala with the money he had saved working illegally as a dishwasher over 11 years . But federal law requires that anyone leaving or entering the country with $ 10,000 or more must declare it . Because Zapeta had not done so , he was detained , and his money was seized . The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Monday that the judge who fined Zapeta applied an incorrect standard in determining the amount to be forfeited . The appeals court ordered a hearing to set a new fine . "  I am extremely happy , " Gershman said . "  Even though he is not a citizen , it shows he has equal rights . " Gershman has said Zapeta , who does not speak English , was not trying to conceal the money but did not know the law . Zapeta had paid taxes on the earnings , he said , and under legal guidelines should be fined at most $ 5,000 for failing to report that he was traveling with the cash . Circuit Court Judge James Cohn instead fined Zapeta $ 49,000 , all the money he was carrying over the $ 10,000 limit . "  The government always acted as if the money was their own , " Gershman said . "  They acted almost entitled to it . But it 's not their money . It was Pedro 's , and the -LSB- appeals -RSB- court affirmed that . " Zapeta said last year that he had saved the money to build a house for himself and his family in his home village in the Guatemalan mountains . He returned to Guatemala this year under the threat of deportation , but his lawyers continued to argue that his fine was excessive . Federal prosecutors in Miami did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the decision or on whether they will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court . As Zapeta 's case was publicized , U.S. residents donated money to him , and Gershman set up a trust . It has received about $ 15,000 in donations , he said .	Pedro Zapeta was stopped in 2005 trying to take $ 59,000 home to Guatemala Zapeta had paid taxes on the money , did n't know he had to declare it , attorney says He was fined $ 49,000 and left U.S. under threat of deportation New ruling says judge applied wrong standard and Zapeta should get some back
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao 's promoter plans to make another attempt to set up the long-awaited boxing showdown with Floyd Mayweather Junior . The Filipino became the first fighter to win world titles in eight divisions on Saturday night after claiming the vacant WBC super-welterweight belt from Antonio Margarito in a brutal bout that left his opponent needing facial surgery . The 31-year-old is running out of new opponents following two failed attempts to seal a deal to fight Mayweather , who is his main rival for the title of the world 's best pound-for-pound boxer . Mayweather last fought in May , beating Shane Mosley , but has since been embroiled in domestic violence claims by his former girlfriend and faces criminal charges in court in January . Pacquiao wins eighth different belt Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum told reporters after the Margarito fight in Arlington , Texas that his staff at the Top Rank organization would begin sounding out Mayweather about a fight next year . "  I will have Todd Duboef place a call directly to Floyd . Todd will ask one question and one question only , and that is whether Floyd wants to fight Manny , " Arum said in quotes carried by sports website FanHouse . "  If Floyd 's answer is yes about fighting Manny , then Todd will ask for Floyd 's expressed permission to call his criminal lawyer . Todd will ask the lawyer if he can be sure if Floyd will be available , not on trial or otherwise occupied , on specific dates . " Margarito says sorry for Roach video Mayweather is represented by Oscar De La Hoya 's Golden Boy Promotions , but has been linked with legendary entrepreneur Don King . "  If Todd gets a good answer from the lawyer , then Todd calls Floyd directly one more time , " Arum said . "  Todd will ask Floyd , ` Who is your chosen representative , who should we sit down with to put this fight together ? ' "  We do n't care who Floyd says , who he picks , be it Don King , Golden Boy or anyone else . "	Bob Arum says his Top Rank firm will try to contact Floyd Mayweather Junior Mayweather is facing criminal charges after a dispute with his former girlfriend Manny Pacquiao is running out of possible opponents after beating Antonio Margarito Filipino became first boxer to win titles in eight different weight categories
CNN  -- Neil Warnock became the second English Premier League manager to be sacked this season when Queens Park Rangers announced his departure Sunday . The promoted side have managed just four league wins this season and are hovering a point above the relegation zone . Only a last-minute goal prevented them from crashing out of the English FA Cup Saturday at third-flight MK Dons , Warnock 's final match in charge . Steve Bruce left Sunderland in November to be replaced by Martin O'Neill . "  Queens Park Rangers Football Club has today parted company with manager Neil Warnock , " said a statement on the club 's official website . Malaysian businessman owner Tony Fernandes , who took over the West London club early in the season , gave the reasons for Warnock 's exit . "  Sadly , our recent run of results has seen us slip alarmingly down the table and the board thought it was time for a change . "  Neil has acted with honesty , professionalism and integrity throughout his time at the club , and I would personally like to thank him for his significant contribution to QPR over the last 22 months . " Warnock , who led QPR back to the top-flight last season , left proud of his record . "  Obviously I 'm very disappointed , but having achieved so much , I leave the club with a great sense of pride . "  My biggest regret is that the takeover did n't happen earlier , because that would have given me the opportunity to bring in the targets I 'd pinpointed all last summer and probably given us a better chance to succeed in the Premier League . " Former Manchester City manager Mark Hughes is the early favorite to succeed the 63-year-old Warnock at Loftus Road . Rangers said an announcement on Warnock 's successor would be made in "  due course . "	QPR sack manager Neil Warnock Sunday Warnock led QPR back to the English Premier League last season QPR owner Tony Fernandes blames poor recent results Mark Hughes early favorite to succeed Warnock
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Three Chinese nationals accused of importing thousands of counterfeit luxury handbags in the United States have been arrested in the past two days , federal authorities announced Thursday . Shoppers sort through counterfeit brand name luxury bags and wallets on a Hong Kong street . "  This was a sophisticated criminal conspiracy that trafficked millions of dollars of counterfeit goods from China , profiting off the backs of legitimate companies and their hard-working employees , " said Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher . Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered , involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like Burberry , Gucci and Coach . For customers who bought the knockoffs , it seemed like a deal . They paid a total of about $ 16 million for what would have been more than $ 100 million in handbags , purses and wallets in legitimate retail sales . The alleged leaders of the counterfeit operations are three Chinese citizens living in New York . Chong Lam , 49 , and Joyce Chan , 39 , were arrested there Wednesday . Eric Yuen , 39 , was arrested Thursday in Las Vegas , Nevada . Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who made the arrests began investigating the alleged scheme five years ago , after raids turned up counterfeit goods . The indictment was secretly returned in Richmond , Virginia , in October . The charges were unsealed when the alleged conspirators were taken into custody . Authorities seized and froze 29 bank accounts and three New York properties . The Chinese defendants will be taken to Richmond , where they will be arraigned at a later date , officials said . E-mail to a friend	Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered Official : Scheme profited "  off the backs of legitimate companies " Counterfeit operation allegedly involved 300,000 high-end bags and wallets The alleged leaders are three Chinese citizens living in New York
PARIS , France -- Samoa center Brian Lima 's World Cup is over after his dangerous tackle on England star Jonny Wilkinson . Lima arrives for his hearing regarding his dangerous challenge on England 's Jonny Wilkinson . Lima , the only player to feature in five World Cups , has received a three-week suspension after being cited for the tackle during Saturday 's Pool A clash in Nantes . Wilkinson escaped injury and match referee Alan Lewis did not punish Lima during the game , which England won 44-22 to knock Samoa out of the competition . But World Cup judicial officer Professor Lorne Crerar has upheld the complaint lodged by match citing commissioner Steven Hines . It means 35-year-old Lima will miss Samoa 's tournament finale against the United States on Wednesday , with an additional two weeks ' punishment also imposed . Lima is poised to quit international rugby after the World Cup , and although he has 48 hours to appeal against the decision , it is improbable a hearing could be convened before Wednesday 's game . Samoa will head home after the U.S clash , having already seen the current World Cup campaign consigned to being the worst in their history . E-mail to a friend	Samoan Brian Lima is banned for three weeks and is out of the World Cup The center was cited for a dangerous tackle on England 's Jonny Wilkinson The 35-year-old is the only player to feature in five World Cup tournaments
MADRID , Spain -- Lionel Messi scored for the sixth game in a row as Barcelona defeated big-spending Atletico Madrid 3-0 to stay in touch with Primera Liga leaders Real Madrid . Messi  left  is congratulated by Ronaldinho after scoring again in Barcelona 's 3-0 win over Atletico Madrid . Barcelona had thumped Atletico 6-0 on their own ground last season and the visitors were out for revenge -- but conceded twice in four minutes . After 15 minutes , Italian goalkeeper Christian Abbiati let a routine Messi cross slip out of his hands and Deco rolled home into the empty net . Four minutes later Messi played a great one-two with Ronaldinho and rifled a shot past Abbiati for his sixth goal of the season and Xavi added a third late on . "  It was a deserved victory against a rival that we have had problems with in the past , " explained Barca coach Frank Rijkaard . "  We scored twice in quick succession and then we controlled the match using aggression and with the team attacking and defending as a unit . " "  Conceding two early goals inside four minutes is not easy to turn around especially against Barcelona , " admitted Atletico coach Javier Aguirre . It was Barcelona 's fourth straight league win but they still trail Real Madrid by two points after the champions beat Recreativo Huleva 2-0 . Dutch international Ruud van Nistelrooy , the league 's top-scorer last season , scored on 72 minutes before Gonzalo Higuain netted in the final minute to keep Real at the summit . Luck deserted them when Wesley Sneijder hit the post but Van Nistelrooy scored in the final quarter hour before Higuain struck to keep them two points clear at the top . Real have made their best start since 1991 but coach Bernd Schuster 's rotation policy has been questioned with the German chopping and changing his team . "  It was an important victory because it is the final match before we go away on international duty , " said Dutch winger Arjen Robben . "  We are now top for the next two weeks and can build on that when we return . " Villarreal , now four points behind Real , lost for only the second time in 15 matches with a 3-2 reverse against Osasuna . Sevilla , third last season , are in a crisis after losing their fourth league game in a row with a goal from Riki handing Deportivo La Coruna a surprise 1-0 win . Sevilla have just six points from their first six matches and are 13 points behind Real . Levante 's Abel Resino became the first Spanish league coach to be sacked this season , after their 3-0 home loss to Real Zaragoza . . The 47-year-old Resino , a former goalkeeper at Atletico Madrid , joined Levante in January as a replacement for Juan Ramon Lopez Caro . The Valencia-based club are bottom of the table with only a point from seven matches . E-mail to a friend	Lionel Messi scores for the sixth game in a row as Barca defeat Atletico 3-0 Real Madrid stay top of the Primera Liga table after defeating Recreativo 2-0 Sevilla 's crisis continues as they lose their four league match in succession
CNN  -- Heavy rains from the outer bands of Typhoon Saola , which hovered near the Philippines beginning last week , have left 23 people dead and another five injured , an official with the National Disaster Coordinating Center said Thursday . The center 's executive director , Benito Ramos , told CNN in a telephone interview that another 129 people -- most of them fishermen -- had been rescued . Forty-four evacuation centers were opened as Manila and the cities of Valenzuela and Malabon north of the capital along Manila Bay remained flooded , he said . In all , Saola dropped as much as half a meter  1.5 feet  of rain over the Philippines , said CNNI Meteorologist Taylor Ward . Rains over the Philippines were only intermittent by Thursday at about 4 a.m. , when the typhoon -- packing winds of 157 kph  98 mph  was making landfall in northeast Taiwan , said Ward . Taipingshan , a mountainous in northern Taiwan , got more than 1.7 meters  5.6 feet  of rain . "  The mountains really help enhance the rainfall , " Ward said . "  They basically force the air upwards , and that squeezes out the possible precipitation . " He described Saola as the equivalent of a Category 2 hurricane in the Atlantic when it made landfall in Taiwan . It was expected to continue at similar strength into China , striking 300 to 400 miles south of Shanghai at about 10 p.m. Thursday  10 a.m. ET  . The U.S. government 's National Hurricane Center describes a Category 2 storm as one with sustained winds of 154-177 kph  96 - 110 mph  that "  will cause extensive damage . " Another typhoon -- Typhoon Damrey -- was expected to strike about 150 miles north of Shanghai , Ward said . Damrey was expected to be slightly weaker -- the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane in the Atlantic , he said . The hurricane center describes those as packing sustained winds of 119-153 kph  74-95 mph  that "  will produce some damage . " CNN 's Samira Said contributed to this report .	129 people , most of them fishermen , have been rescued in the Philippines 44 evacuation centers are open The typhoon has moved on to Taiwan It is expected to continue on to China
Washington  CNN  -- We were somewhere down South in the back half of October 1996 . I believe we were in a theater . I remember thinking how terrible the lighting was , how small and deflated the crowd . I remember the look on the candidate 's face . Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole was on stage with Heather Whitestone , the first deaf Miss America . She signed , "  I love you " to the crowd . Then he signed it , too . They said what they were supposed to say , but there was something wordless encapsulated in that moment . I remember for the first time thinking , "  Dole knows he 's going to lose . " I have covered campaigns since 1984 . It is the losing ones I remember most . Sure , Dole had been the consistent underdog in his bid to unseat then-President Bill Clinton . But politicians are like gamblers , wired to believe they will beat the odds . Unlike gamblers , though , when presidential nominees run out of chips , they ca n't fold and go home . Greene : What it 's like to lose an election As it turns out , late October is about when Dole and company knew the game was lost but not over . One top aide tells stories of a dispirited Dole who said during a West Coast swing that he was done and wanted to go home . The source says Dole was eventually persuaded to keep moving with a nonstop , cross-country trek to gin up some campaign excitement and try to help down-ballot Republicans . But a senior Dole strategist told me this week that it was the candidate 's idea to lead this last hurrah . ` Kinda says it all about the man ' "  We knew we were going to lose ... and Dole came up with the selfless idea to do the 96-hour fly-around and to help save the Congress . Kinda says it all about the man . " The result was a 96-hour victory tour . Staff wore 96-hour victory T-shirts , and the press received caps that read "  96 hours until the White House Beat . " We flew crazily around the country , visited bowling alleys and diners in the dead of night , Dairy Queens and factories by day , interrupted by "  hygiene stops " at various hotels . It all led to a final sentimental stop in Dole 's hometown of Russell , Kansas , where he voted on Election Day . The Senate and House stayed in Republican hands . It was perhaps some solace for Dole , who exited the political scene on November 5 , 1996 . He opened his Election Night speech in typically wry , painfully truthful fashion : "  I was thinking on the way down in the elevator -- tomorrow will be the first time in my life I do n't have anything to do . " Politics : Romney trails in states with personal ties Flash forward 12 years . Sen. John McCain , of a different generation but like Dole an old warrior , knew his political battle was lost as early as mid-September , according to former top aide Steve Schmidt . "  With the '  on the  right track ' number in the country dropping to 6 % and the stock market diving , we were the incumbent party . The blame would default to the Republicans . We knew at that point it was not survivable . " In contrast to the Dole campaign , losing was never spoken about out loud in Camp McCain . "  I never said anything to him , " Schmidt says , "  and he never said anything to me , but everyone was reality-based . " There was never a question in the McCain camp that the candidate would be out there fighting until the end of what everyone knew was coming . Anything less than a full-on effort can shave a point or two off the percentages of down-ballot candidates . However long a candidate or his staff has to prepare mentally for defeat , it is still a blow of surprising proportions . Those who have been through it liken it to having a terminally ill loved one -- you know what 's coming , but it does n't help . Opinion : What 's really at stake in election 2012 ` We lost . It 's so hard ' Schmidt describes Election Night with McCain like this : "  When you are at that moment in the suite ` we lost Ohio . We lost North Carolina . ' You know it 's over . We lost . It 's so hard . " In a graceful concession speech bowing to the sweep of history , McCain congratulated the nation 's first African-American president and told his supporters that "  we fought as hard as we could . And though we fell short , the failure is mine , not yours . " If there is something worse than campaigning for weeks without hope , it may be losing in overtime . Al Gore won the popular vote and lost the electoral vote in a presidential election ultimately untangled 35 days later with a controversial Supreme Court decision . Gore yielded , saying while he disagreed with the court , he accepted the decision "  for the sake of unity of the people and the strength of our democracy , I offer my concession . " Four years later , John Kerry went to bed in Boston on Election Night believing that Ohio absentee votes would make him the president . It was clear by morning he was wrong . Politics : If Romney wins ... Elated by early exit polling on Election Night , Camp Kerry was both stunned and devastated . But the candidate insisted he did n't want to drag things out since there was no chance of winning : He ended his campaign at Faneuil Hall in Boston just hours after a meeting of close aides . "  I 'm sorry , " he told the crowd , "  that we got here a little bit late and a little bit short . " People often say that candidates seem different -- better , bigger , more likable in their goodbye moments than at any point in the election process . Kerry was seen as removed , unemotional and often peeved to be so challenged by a man he did n't believe should be president . There was none of that in his parting words : "  I wish that things had turned out a little differently . But in an American election , there are no losers , because whether or not our candidates are successful , the next morning we all wake up as Americans . " Politics : If Obama wins ... Coulda , shoulda , wouldas and a world of hurt As poetic and gracious as the losers generally are , there is bitterness over the slash-and-burn nature of campaigns that lasts for years , anger over lost moments , frustration over coulda , shoulda , wouldas and a world of hurt . One source in a losing campaign called the concession speech "  the highest point of acting , but the lowest point of sincerity . " Still , they do seem different at the end , maybe because it 's not about them . The finale of a losing campaign might be acting on the personal level , but it 's real democracy on a grand scale . In saluting Dole , Gore , Kerry and McCain , Schmidt explains , "  You have people who were all senators deeply rooted in the best aspects of that institution , duty-bound to play their part in ensuring a smooth and peaceful transition of power . " Think about it -- the first person who addresses the winner as Mr. President-elect is the loser . It is the loser who offers the first legitimization of the election with a concession speech , beginning a series of events that ends in the swearing-in of a president in January . Mitt Romney 's vision for America Grace is easy in the winning . In some ways , democracy shines most in the losing . Obama 's vision for America	Politicians are like gamblers , wired to think they can beat the odds Bob Dole knew he would lose but went on marathon to help down-ballot Republicans Four years ago , John McCain told supporters , "  The failure is mine , not yours " John Kerry in defeat : " ... The next morning , we all wake up as Americans "
CNN  -- Peruvian authorities say they have arrested four members of a gang that specialized in selling to European labs fat obtained from dead humans . Officials are investigating the disappearance of at least 60 people they believe were killed by gang members in two mountainous states in central Peru , lead prosecutor Jorge Sanz Quiroz said Friday . The four suspects have been charged with murder in the September slaying of a Peruvian man , the prosecutor said . "  They killed to obtain human fat because there were European laboratories that would pay them , " Sanz Quiroz said . The suspects told authorities they were paid $ 15,000 for a liter  about 1 quart  of human fat . Officials did not disclose what possible use laboratories could have for the human fat , but fat can be a component of cosmetics and is used in reconstructive or cosmetic surgery . The use of human fat for any purpose is extremely rare , however , physicians say . Other suspects , including the Peruvian ringleader , have eluded capture , Sanz Quiroz said . Authorities have the names of two Italian suspects who are being sought by Interpol , the 188-nation worldwide police agency , the prosecutor said . He declined to reveal their identities . Sanz Quiroz acknowledged the uniqueness of the allegations . "  We are not making this up , " he said . "  They have confessed to this . That 's what 's coming out now . " One of the suspects told officials he had been committing the murders for five years . According to a criminal complaint Sanz Quiroz filed November 18 , officials discovered on September 22 a small container containing a fat-like substance that had been stored at the Bella Durmiente bus station in Lima , Peru 's capital . On November 3 , the complaint says , suspect Serapio Marcos Veramendi Principe was arrested after he retrieved three bottles from the Estrella Polar bus station . The bottles contained a substance authorities believe is human fat , the complaint says . Lab tests are being performed to determine what the substance is . Authorities identified the three other suspects as Elmer Segundo Castillejos Aguero , Hilario Cudena Simon and Enedina Estela Claudio . The suspects identified each other for police in photo lineups , the complaint says . In addition to murder , Veramendi Principe and Castillejos Aguero face weapons charges . Castillejos Aguero , Veramendi Principe and Estela Claudio also face drug charges , authorities said . They are accused in the September 16 killing of Abel Matos Aranda , the criminal complaint says . Authorities believe the substance found at the bus stations is body fat obtained from Matos Aranda . Officials unearthed a partially buried male body November 13 in Huanuco state . They believe it was Matos Aranda . Sanz Quiroz referred to the suspects as "  brujos , " the Spanish word for witches . He noted that the suspects are part of an Andean mountain culture that believes bodies can be used to ward off evil and prevent disasters . For example , he said , bodies are often buried at the entrances to mine shafts and bridges in the belief they will keep the structures from collapsing . Authorities are calling the suspects "  pishtacos , " which are Andean mythological creatures . In his 1996 book "  Death in the Andes , " Peruvian author Mario Vargas Llosa mentions pishtacos extensively , saying they are half-white ghouls who live in caves , lurk along dark isolated roads and suck the fat out of anyone careless enough to travel Andean roads at night . Andean myth holds that the fat is used to make soaps , lubricants , healing potions and cosmetic creams . Until the arrests , few believed that anything resembling pishtacos existed . "  It 's an Andean myth that we 've now been able to prove , " said Miguel Jimenez Torres , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office . Some physicians say human fat is used in some medical procedures , but a few products were taken off the market because they were considered unsafe . The longevity of implants that use human tissue often is not as good , said Atlanta cosmetic surgeon Harold Brody . Nor is there any advantage , he said , to using human fat in cosmetic creams or lotions . "  They 're a little behind the times , " Brody said . "  It makes a great moisturizer , but it has no advantages over good moisturizers that do n't use human fat . " New York dermatologist Barry Goldman said he had never heard of human fat being sold on the black market . "  The idea that anybody would use an injectable where you did n't know where it came from would be laughable if it were n't unethical and potentially dangerous , " he said . Still , the notion of black market human fat seemed possible to him . "  They steal kidneys , so why not this ? " he asked . "  It is sick , but in the Holocaust they did use skin for lamps . "	Peruvian authorities reported to have arrested gang who are selling human fat Officials investigating disappearances of at least 60 people Two suspects arrested with a plastic container with human fat in it
CNN  ISIS apparently claimed responsibility Thursday for the deadly terrorist attack at a landmark museum in the heart of that country 's capital , a mass shooting that has shaken the birthplace of the Arab Spring and stirred questions about militants in the country . In an audio statement posted online Thursday , ISIS identified two men -- Abu Zakariya al-Tunisi and Abu Anas al-Tunisi -- it said used "  automatic weapons and hand grenades " to kill and injure what it called "  crusaders and apostates " in the Bardo Museum in Tunis . Tunisian Health Minister Said Aidi said 23 people are believed to have been killed , including at least one who died at a hospital overnight . And that bloodshed , the ISIS message warned , is "  just the start . " CNN can not independently verify the legitimacy of the audio statement . A U.S. official told CNN there is no reason to doubt the claim 's authenticity . That said , American officials are checking the platform that the statement went out on , including the extent to which it 's tied to the group calling itself the Islamic State . The current U.S. thinking is the attack may have been carried out by local "  franchise " adherents to ISIS , rather than centrally directed by the Islamist extremist group 's leadership , which is now thought to be in Syria . The two attackers were carrying explosives , Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi said in an interview Thursday with the French broadcaster TF1 . He credited Tunisian security forces for responding so quickly to the attack to avoid a larger tragedy because "  terrible explosives were found on these  attackers  and they did n't have time to use them . " Tunisia has been viewed as the lone democratic success story in the Arab Spring . But the North African nation is not without its issues , including an uneven economy and the distinction of having more citizens -- up to 3,000 Tunisians -- thought to have gone to Iraq and Syria to fight as jihadists than any other country , according to the International Centre for the Study of Radicalization in London . Authorities there have already arrested nine people in connection with Wednesday 's attack , including four directly linked to the bloodshed , according to a statement from Essebsi . Earlier Thursday , Tunisian Prime Minister Habib Essid identified two suspects , Yassine Labidi and Saber Khachnaou , in an interview with French radio station RTL . It 's not clear if those two men were the pair killed at the museum by Tunisian security forces , or if it 's possible they 're the same people as those identified -- using new names -- in ISIS ' audio statement . Labidi was "  known to the security services , he was flagged and monitored , " Essid said . But he added the man was n't known or being followed for anything special . The siege took place just days after a Tunisian jihadist tweeted that a pledge of allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the leader of ISIS , was coming soon , according to the SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors terrorist propaganda . In his message , the jihadist claimed to belong to Jund al-Khilafah in Tunisia , a group that in December pledged allegiance to ISIS , even though that vow had n't seemed to have fully registered with the Islamist extremist group . His post comes after an ISIS fighter in the extremist group 's stronghold of Raqqa in Syria recently appeared in a video questioning why militants in Tunisia had not pledged fealty . "  This raises the possibility that the museum attack could be ISIS ' debut on the Tunisian stage , timed to precede a pledge of allegiance from Tunisian jihadis for maximum impact , " CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . The attack may have been in and about Tunisia , but the vast majority of the victims were foreigners . They came from various backgrounds , from a Spanish couple to a Colombian mother and son . In addition to those pairs , the dead included three Italians , three Japanese , two French , two Poles , a Belgian , a Russian and a Briton , according to cruise ship companies and their respective governments . Three Tunisians , one of them a security officer and another a job applicant , also were killed , according to Aidi . Twelve of those killed had been aboard the MSC Splendida , a cruise ship with more than 3,700 passengers and nearly 1,300 crew that docked in Tunis hours before the bloodshed , its parent company said in a statement . Five more victims came from a similar vessel , the Costa Fascinosa , which was at port in the Tunisian capital at the same time , according to Costa Cruises . Another 36 people remain hospitalized , while eight others were treated and released . The Bardo had been a logical stop for these tourists , housed next to Tunisia 's Parliament in a 19th century palace and cast as a "  jewel of Tunisian heritage , " with its exhibits showcasing the country 's art , culture and history . Its prominent place in Tunisia 's economy -- which banks heavily on tourism , with millions visiting the country each year -- also made it a logical target for terrorists . "  They hit the heart of our livelihood , " said Mohammed Ali Troudi , a taxi driver in Tunis . It 's too early to tell how tourists will react to the attack . Both the MSC Splendida and the Costa Fascinosa have since left Tunis , even as the search continues for some of their missing passengers -- at least four from the Splendida and two from the Fascinosa , according to their respective companies . The question is whether more passenger-packed cruise ships , as well as commercial airliners filled with tourists , will come to Tunisia in the future . Travelers warned of risks as Tunisia reels from attack The economy and terrorism are linked in Tunisia , in the sense that high youth unemployment and sparse opportunities are thought to have contributed to the large numbers becoming jihadists -- whether abroad or at home . Attacking what Tunisian lawmaker Sabrine Ghoubantini called "  a symbol of sovereignty in Tunisia " likely wo n't help . "  It 's really sad , " Ghoubantini told CNN from Tunis , "  and I hope that it wo n't really affect our economy . " The government has been battling a jihadist presence in the Chaambi Mountains . And in February , the country 's Interior Ministry announced the arrests of about 100 alleged extremists and published a video allegedly showing that the group possessed a formula for making explosives and a photograph of ISIS leader al-Baghdadi . Mehrezia Labidi , another parliamentarian , says it 's imperative that the message gets across to would-be jihadists that "  life in democracy is better than " what terrorist recruiters are telling them . "  We have really to work on the culture , the level of ideas , " she said . Meanwhile , she and others stressed that the vast majority of Tunisians -- including secular-minded citizens and moderate Islamists -- need to come together for their country and against these extremist views and tactics . "  They are trying to terrify us . But the whole Tunisian people is unified -- all the parties , all the civil society organizations , all the countries are unified , " Ghoubantini said . " ... I 'm sure that we will fight terrorism and that we will really eradicate it from our country . " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Barbara Starr , Karl Penhaul , Marilia Brocchetto , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Arwa Damon , Salma Abdelaziz and journalists Yasmine Ryan and Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	Attackers were unable to use their explosives , Tunisia President tells broadcaster ISIS statement : Attackers used weapons to target "  crusaders and apostates " Tunisian authorities arrest 9 in connection with the Bardo Museum attack
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Lesbian activist Del Martin , at the forefront of the battle for same-sex marriage in California , died Wednesday in San Francisco . She was 87 . Martin 's partner of 55 years , Phyllis Lyon , was by her side at the UCSF hospice , the National Center for Lesbian Rights said . Martin and Lyon , 84 , tied the knot June 16 in a ceremony officiated by San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom . "  Ever since I met Del 55 years ago , I could never imagine a day would come when she would n't be by my side . I am so lucky to have known her , loved her and been her partner in all things , " Lyon said . "  I also never imagined there would be a day that we would actually be able to get married . "  I am devastated , but I take some solace in knowing we were able to enjoy the ultimate rite of love and commitment before she passed . " Long before Massachusetts and then California legalized same-sex marriage , Lyon and Martin were integral parts of the early movement for lesbian and gay rights . They met in 1950 in Seattle , Washington , where they worked as editors of construction trade publications . They fell in love , moving in together on Valentine 's Day 1953 . Martin fought to have the American Psychological Society declare that homosexuality is not a mental illnesses and advocated on behalf of battered women . In 1955 , the couple founded the nation 's first lesbian organization , the Daughters of Bilitis , and launched the first lesbian publication , The Ladder . In the 1960s , they tried to get California lawmakers to introduce anti-discrimination bills and persuaded some police officers to stop harassing gays and lesbians at bars as part of a group Martin co-founded called the Council on Religion and the Homosexual . Martin was also a founding member of several other organizations , including the Lesbian Mother 's Union , the San Francisco Women 's Centers and the Bay Area Women 's Coalition . She and Lyon were co-founders of the first gay political group in the United States , the Alice B. Toklas Democratic Club , named for author Gertrude Stein 's long-time partner . After she and Lyon were the first lesbians to join the National Organization for Women with the couples ' membership rate , Martin was the first open lesbian to be elected to NOW 's board of directors . From that spot , she was instrumental in guiding the organization to pass a resolution recognizing lesbian issues as feminist issues . Martin and Lyon were delegates to the White House Conference on Aging in 1991 , named to it by Sen. Dianne Feinstein and Rep. Nancy Pelosi , both of California . Kate Kendell , executive director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights , called Martin "  a real hero . " "  For all of Del 's life , she was an activist and organizer even before we knew what those terms meant , " Kendell said . "  Her last act of public activism was her most personal : marrying the love of her life after 55 years . "  In the wake of losing her , we recognize with heightened clarity the most poignant and responsible way to honor her legacy is to preserve the right of marriage for same-sex couples , thereby providing the dignity and respect that Del and Phyllis ' love deserved . " In 2003 , lesbian filmmaker Joan E. Biren released "  No Secret Anymore : The Times of Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon , " a 57-minute documentary focusing on the couple 's activism and relationship . That year , the couple spoke to The Noe Valley Voice , a newspaper covering their San Francisco neighborhood , about the film and their drive to advance the rights of lesbians . "  We wanted our full rights and responsibilities , " Martin told the Voice . Lyon said she and Martin had no particular secret on how to keep a relationship going for decades . "  If we had a secret , we would have written a book and made a million dollars , " Lyon told the Voice . "  We love each other ; we have similar interests . Our lives were very similar even before we met . " In 2004 , San Francisco officials allowed gay couples in the city to wed , prompting a flood of applicants to the City Hall clerk 's office . The officials chose Lyon , then 80 , and Martin , then 83 , to take the first vows . The state Supreme Court voided those unions . Lyon and Martin , however , joined more than 20 other couples as plaintiffs in a lawsuit challenging the state 's marriage laws . On My 15 , the California Supreme Court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage , paving the way for Lyon and Martin and other same-sex couples to marry in the state . A standing-room only crowd at San Francisco 's City Hall on June 16 saw Lyon and Martin , in a wheelchair , take their vows . "  This is an extraordinary moment in history , " Newsom said . "  I think today , marriage as an institution has been strengthened . " Del Martin identified her own legacy in 1984 when she said that her most important contribution was "  being able to help make changes in the way lesbians and gay men view themselves and how the larger society views lesbians and gay men . " In addition to Lyon , Martin is survived by daughter Kendra Mon , son-in-law Eugene Lane , granddaughter Lorraine Mon , grandson Kevin Mon and sister-in-law Patricia Lyon .	Del Martin fought for equal rights for gays and lesbians since the 1950s She and her partner founded first national lesbian organization Martin and Phyllis Lyon , 84 , wed in June when California legalized gay marriage The two women dated since 1950 . Lyon : ' I am devastated ' by Martin 's death
CNN  -- A 24-year-old man was arrested Saturday in connection with a wildfire that destroyed more than 150 homes in Northern California , not far from the Oregon border . Weed police announced that Ronald Beau Marshall had been booked into the Siskiyou County Jail on a three felony arson charges , including one of an inhabited structure or property . Marshall 's bail was set at $ 250,000 , police said . It all stems from the Boles Fire , a relatively small blaze in terms of total acreage but a very large one when it comes to total destruction . The wildfire began September 15 and was put out five days later . Yet it caused plenty of chaos and consternation in the meantime . What to know about wildfires Just over 500 acres burned , and so did 157 homes and eight commercial buildings , according to Cal Fire . Another four homes and three buildings suffered damage . There were fears that things could have gotten worse . The flames threatened about 1,000 homes and another 100 commercial buildings , spurring large-scale evacuations in Carrick and Weed , which is about 50 miles south of the Oregon border . Authorities threw significant resources at the wildfire -- using over 1,000 firefighters , 100 engines , 28 bulldozers and five helicopters -- to bring the blaze under control . As all this was going on , law enforcement was trying to figure out how it started . And throughout , according to Weed police , Marshall was "  a person of interest . " Police presented the case to the Siskiyou County District Attorney 's Office this week for review , and a judge later issued a warrant for his arrest . Arson arrest made in King Fire	The Boles Fire scorched just over 500 acres over 5 days in Northern California There were mass evacuations , more than 1,000 homes threatened at one point A 24-year-old Weed , California , man is arrested , booked on three arson charges
CNN  -- When you put a pro- and an anti-gun control person in the same room , you know what 's bound to happen . But what happens when two gun owners debate gun control ? Turns out , there can be just as much disagreement . The elephant in the room in the wake of last week 's Colorado movie theater shooting is the debate over gun control . Gun control is not an either/or proposition . Most would agree that at least some degree of regulation is necessary , so the real question is where to draw the line : At what point does regulation become an unreasonable encroachment on our Second Amendment rights ? CNN selected two iReporters with differing views on gun control to go head-to-head in a debate . Both live in Washington state , one of the 48 states where carrying concealed weapons is allowed . Opinion : Bloomberg 's remarks got one thing right Michael Kunda is an anti-hunting gun owner . He carries a gun for protection while filming bears and other large mammals in the woods of Alaska and Canada . At home , he carries a gun to protect his family from intruders . While he owns two pistols , a shotgun for his videography work and two assault rifles , he supports stricter gun control . He suggests establishing a bullet registry as well as outlawing large-capacity magazines and Teflon bullets . Kunda refers to himself as a reluctant gun owner , and says he would prefer a world without guns . In fact , he would turn all his guns in if everyone else did the same . "  I firmly believe fewer crimes of spontaneity or impulse would occur if there were fewer guns . But I recognize I am being unrealistic and idealistic , " he said . "  It takes a societal change to get rid of the gun fanatic mentality anywhere in this world , and that kind of a change is not possible as long as the notion of ` freedom ' is associated with gun ownership . " Opinion : Fear drives opposition to gun control A ban on guns is n't the answer , at least not from David Douglas ' perspective . He believes there is a good system in place for gun control and says changing the law would n't change what happened in Colorado . His reasons are personal : As a former convicted felon -- he was convicted of burglary and possession of drugs -- he was stripped of his right to bear arms . Douglas says his run-ins with the law and his loss of gun rights demonstrate the legitimacy and stringency of gun control in America . He now works as a substance-abuse counselor . "  The process that I went through , 15 years of not being able to possess firearms and then the process to petition the courts to get those rights back , was worth it , " he said . "  Worth it in the sense that it showed me that it is a privilege in our nation to be in possession of firearms . Now , looking back , there is a pretty good system in place for who can and who can not possess firearms after certain crimes are committed . " Opinion : When will America wake up to gun violence ? Douglas and Kunda are two of the hundreds of iReporters who have shared their views on a variety of hot-button political issues in the iReport Debate , an eight-month project that invites voters to make their voices heard this election season . The project started with iReporters sharing which issue matters most to them . The top-voted issues determined the topics for the head-to-head debates , and will shape the questions that CNN ultimately takes to President Barack Obama and likely Republican presidential nominee Gov. Mitt Romney . Watch the video and let us know who you think won the debate by voting on this page and leaving a comment below . Or , if you 'd like to share your views on the economy , upload your thoughts to iReport via video or text . Opinion : Mass murder and powerful firearms The best video respondents could get a chance to be in an iReport Debate . Video co-produced by CNN intern Jake Stein .	CNN selects two gun owners with differing views on gun control to debate One iReporter believes in stricter laws , while the other supports the current system Watch the video and vote on who you think won the debate
CNN  -- Generations of rock hounds and miners have turned the earth in western North Carolina , looking to bring a special ruby , sapphire or emerald -- the "  big three " of the gem world -- to the light . The passion started early for Terry Ledford , 53 , who operated a gem stand on weekends when he was a kid . "  I always loved rocks , " said the Spruce Pine resident . For W. Renn Adams , 90 , the world of spodumenes , hiddenite and beryl runs even deeper in his blood . His Alexander County family has been digging for them since the 1880s . The men 's interests became intertwined early this decade when they became partners on the Adams family farm , which grows corn along with its treasures below . They unearthed hiddenite , a rare pale-to-green mineral in the spodumene family , and other specimens . "  We never found any good emeralds , " said Adams . Until that day in August 2009 . "  It was just a normal digging day , " said Adams , who used to grade roads before he retired . Using a track hoe and other equipment , Ledford worked his way down a hole in the earth and through a quartz vein , 14 feet below the surface . That 's when he found it . Reaching below a crystal , he saw what looked to be part of a 7UP bottle . It was an emerald crystal . A very big emerald crystal . Some 310 carats of it . "  Terry really had a time when he found that one , " recalled Adams , without a hint of understatement . Dubbed the "  Carolina Emperor , " the gem has been trimmed to 64.83 carats and is called the largest cut emerald ever found in North America . It is being compared to an emerald that once belonged to Catherine the Great of Russia . And it could be yours . The co-owners are selling it , perhaps by the end of the year . While rubies and sapphires are found near Franklin , about 75 miles southwest of Asheville , different gems lure residents and visitors to Alexander County , about 30 miles northeast of Hickory . The small town of Hiddenite is named for William Earl Hidden , who mined North America 's first emerald and hiddenite on the Adams property in the 1880s , said geologist Ed Speer . "  Emeralds are very rare in the world and only a few countries host emerald deposits , " Speer said . "  North Carolina is lucky to have three known emerald districts , including the Hiddenite district . " Michael Wise , a geologist with the National Museum of Natural History , said emeralds are more likely to be found outside North America . Most are from Colombia , Russia , Brazil and Afghanistan . According to Speer , emeralds  a beryl colored by chrome and vanadium  and the rarer hiddenite  spodumene  are together only in this part of North Carolina . Gems have created a cottage industry around Hiddenite , with amateurs and mining operations working the soil . At Emerald Hollow Mine , options for the energetic are "  digging , " "  creeking " and "  sluicing . " "  We have people from everywhere , " said employee Whitney Day , who said the region offers 63 types of minerals . Mining has a significant impact on the state 's economy , with gem mining a small part of that , said Speer , who has 40 years ' experience in mineral exploration around the world . The presence of pegmatites , a form of igneous rock , is largely responsible for the number and quality of gemstones , he said . Although the public 's imagination often revolves around precious gems and stones used in jewelry , including diamonds , collectors often come at gems from a different perspective . They may prefer a certain locality or type of gem , Wise said . "  A serious collector may prefer an uncut crystal to a cut gem , " he added . Adams said his family used to open the farm to the public in the 1970s and into the 1980s . People paid $ 3 to dig by hand and foot ; no machinery was allowed . Since then , the small mining operation has been private . Failing eyesight has somewhat sidelined Adams , but he still has a penchant for the craft . "  I like moving the dirt . " Ledford , who also sells gems and operates an amethyst mine in Georgia , and Adams have had the six-sided "  Carolina Emperor " crystal cut twice . It is now slightly wider than a quarter . They received a comprehensive analysis in early August , and are now marketing the stone . The emerald compares in size and quality to one surrounded by diamonds in a brooch once owned by Catherine the Great , who was empress in the 18th century , said C.R. "  Cap " Beesley , a New York gemologist who examined the stone . Beesley told The Associated Press that Christie 's auction house in New York sold that gem in April for $ 1.65 million . Chips or cuttings that resulted from the faceting of "  Carolina Emperor " sold for between $ 10,000  1.89 carats  and $ 15,000  2.36 carats  , said Ledford . Ledford , the son of a mica miner , said he would rate the quality of the gem an 8 on a 10-point scale . Its uniqueness and size , with color and clarity following , may put it in the area of the selling price for the Catherine the Great emerald , he said . Generally , larger gems are more likely to have internal flaws and inclusions , said Wise . But Douglas Hucker , CEO of the American Gem Trade Association , who like Wise said he has not seen the stone , said those factors are not as critical as size and color . The Hiddenite emerald 's biggest asset is that it is from an area not known for large emeralds , said Hucker . "  If it was n't from North Carolina it would n't be creating the buzz it is now , " he said . Standards for colored gems are not as exacting as for diamonds , he added . Still , Hucker said , it is a large stone with desirable color and a potential buyer may be drawn to it . "  When you combine all those things it increases the rarity . " Hucker said that comparing the emerald to the Catherine the Great gem is a stretch because the empress , who he described as a "  jewelry hog , " was a person of special historic significance . Beesley 's report , which calls the "  Carolina Emperor " one of "  the most important gemstones in American history , " mentions an 18.88-carat pear-shape emerald , which until now was considered the continent 's most valuable cut emerald . "  This is a monster by comparison , " said Wise . "  Several people are interested in it , " said Ledford , adding an unnamed museum has expressed interest . Meanwhile , Ledford and an assistant continue to operate at the Adams family farm . "  Terry 's emerald find is very exciting as it confirms that more large emeralds are still out there , " said Speer . At 90 , Adams can savor the moment . "  This is what I always dreamed to find , " he said .	Gem is called largest cut emerald in North America North Carolina pair found it on farm 14 feet below ground Emeralds and another gem , hiddenite , are found only in that area Co-owners planning to sell "  Carolina Emperor "
Twitter is coming forward as the latest site to be hacked . The social network said in a blog post Friday afternoon that approximately 250,000 user accounts were potentially compromised , with attackers gaining access to information including user names and email addresses . The company first detected signs of an attack earlier in the week , which led to an investigation and the discovery of a larger breach . "  This week , we detected unusual access patterns that led to us identifying unauthorized access attempts to Twitter user data . We discovered one live attack and were able to shut it down in process moments later , " said Bob Lord , Twitter 's director of information security , in a post . "  However , our investigation has thus far indicated that the attackers may have had access to limited user information . " Twitter has reset the passwords and revoked session tokens , which allow you to stay logged into the service without reentering a password , for all of these accounts . Affected users will not be able to log in and will receive an e-mail instructing them to reset their password . The post does n't go into details about the methods the attackers used , but does refer to a recent Java vulnerability . The Department of Homeland Security recently warned users about the issue and suggested they disable Java in their browsers unless "  it is absolutely necessary . " This attack follows major security breaches at the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal , which were both attributed to Chinese hackers . The New York Times suspects it was in response to negative coverage of the Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao , and the Journal said evidence pointed to an attempt to "  target the monitoring of the Journal 's coverage of China . " The Washington Post announced late Friday that it too had experienced attacks that fit the profile in 2011 , and Bloomberg News acknowledged that it was targeted but said no computers were compromised . While the Twitter post does not mention China or blame the hacks on any specific country or group , it does mention the news organization hacks . "  This attack was not the work of amateurs , and we do not believe it was an isolated incident . The attackers were extremely sophisticated , and we believe other companies and organizations have also been recently similarly attacked , " said Lord . A quarter-million accounts is a small segment of Twitter 's 200 million monthly active users worldwide . However the company offers tips for all of its users going forward , including using strong passwords that mix numbers and symbols with upper - and lowercase letters , not using the same password for multiple accounts , and disabling Java .	Twitter reports recent attack that may have compromised 250,000 user accounts The attack is the latest against large sites , including the New York Times and Wall Street Journal Affected users will receive an e-mail instructing them to reset their passwords Twitter recommends all users have strong passwords and disable Java in their browsers
CNN  -- New research suggests that crabs not only suffer pain but that they retain a memory of it . No thanks for the memories : The scientific study applied mild electric shocks to hermit crabs to determine if they could ` feel ' pain . The study , which was carried out by Professor Bob Elwood and Mirjam Appel from the School of Biological Sciences at Queen 's University , Belfast , looked at the reactions of hermit crabs to small electric shocks . It was published in the journal "  Animal Behaviour . " Professor Elwood , whose previous work showed that prawns endure pain , said his research highlighted the need to investigate the treatment of crustaceans used in food industries . Hermit crabs have no shell of their own so inhabit other structures , usually empty mollusc shells . In the research , wires were attached to shells to deliver the small shocks to the abdomen of some of the crabs within the shells . The only crabs to get out of their shells were those which had received shocks , indicating that the experience is unpleasant for them . The research suggests that this response is not just a reflex , but that central neuronal processing takes place . Hermit crabs are known to prefer some species of shells to others and it was found that that they were more likely to come out of the shells they least preferred . The main aim of the experiment was to deliver a shock just under the threshold that causes crabs to move out of the shell , to see what happened when a new shell was then offered . Crabs that had been shocked but had remained in their shell appeared to remember the experience of the shock because they quickly moved towards the new shell , investigated it briefly and were more likely to change to the new shell compared to those that had not been shocked . "  There has been a long debate about whether crustaceans including crabs , prawns and lobsters feel pain , " said Professor Elwood in a press statement . "  We know from previous research that they can detect harmful stimuli and withdraw from the source of the stimuli but that could be a simple reflex without the inner ` feeling ' of unpleasantness that we associate with pain . "  This research demonstrates that it is not a simple reflex but that crabs trade-off their need for a quality shell with the need to avoid the harmful stimulus . "  Such trade-offs are seen in vertebrates in which the response to pain is controlled with respect to other requirements . Humans , for example , may hold onto a hot plate that contains food whereas they may drop an empty plate , showing that we take into account differing motivational requirements when responding to pain . "  Trade-offs of this type have not been previously demonstrated in crustaceans . The results are consistent with the idea of pain being experienced by these animals . " Previous work at Queen 's University found that prawns show prolonged rubbing when an antenna was treated with weak acetic acid but this rubbing was reduced by local anesthetic . According to Queen 's University the findings from both studies are consistent with observations of pain in mammals . But Professor Elwood says that in contrast to mammals , little protection is given to the millions of crustaceans that are used in the fishing and food industries each day . "  More research is needed in this area where a potentially very large problem is being ignored , " said Elwood . "  Legislation to protect crustaceans has been proposed but it is likely to cover only scientific research . Millions of crustacean are caught or reared in aquaculture for the food industry . "  There is no protection for these animals  with the possible exception of certain states in Australia  as the presumption is that they can not experience pain . "  With vertebrates we are asked to err on the side of caution and I believe this is the approach to take with these crustaceans . "	New research from Queen 's University says crabs feel and remember pain Tests carried out on hermit crabs in shells that were given mild electric shocks Author of study says crustaceans should be treated with same care as vertebrates
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Ronide Baduel keeps a broken teacup tucked away for safekeeping . One day , she will look at it , maybe even smile , and recall how life 's rhythms shifted with the earth in January . She was unlike many of her Haitian compatriots who were barely squeaking by . She had everything : an education , a decent job as a nurse , a three-bedroom home she rented with her teenage son , who was in school . But when the massive earthquake struck , Baduel 's house collapsed . For the first time in her life , she had nothing . She ran through the streets clutching the hand of her injured son , following the crowd to Champs de Mars , a large plaza near the heavily damaged presidential palace . She spent the first night sitting on a low concrete wall . In the morning light , she saw the panicked look in the faces of thousands of people and she thought the worst . "  Life was done , " she said . "  There was going to be no tomorrow . " She was well-off . But a natural disaster had plunged her to the depths of poverty . Earthquakes are not discriminating . Nor are the makeshift camps that sprouted all over the capital . When CNN first met Baduel , just two weeks after the quake , she was sleeping on dirt , under a few sheets of plastic . She had managed to buy a black faux patent leather handbag in which she kept a few personal items : Shampoo . Soap . A change of clothes . And two wallet-size photos of herself and her son that she rescued from the rubble of her house . There was nothing else in her tent . "  It was as though I had gone to hell , " she said . Baduel did not know how to live in squalor . It was not as though she had come from Cite Soleil , Port-au-Prince 's biggest slum , where many people , even before the earthquake , slept under tarps or on the streets . "  It was harder for middle-class people like me , " she said . "  It 's more difficult for those who had something before . I spent my money on my house , and the rest I saved for the future . " Robbed of her privacy , she struggled to attain some kind of dignity . When the private hospital where she worked , the Clinique de la Sante , reopened , she made sure to bathe there in the morning and then again before leaving for the night . There , she did not have to wash in public . Days turned to weeks . Mornings , afternoons , nights -- they were all the same in the tent city . Nothing to do but endure . Baduel watched the people around her . They were survivors . They lived among flies and filth , but they fed their children and cleaned their tents . They made the most of what they had left : their lives . She understood then that there was a God . And that she , too , had to give thanks that she was not crushed in the rubble and that her son 's injury was not life-threatening . She understood that life was not done . At the end of March , after more than two months in the tent city , Baduel moved to her sister 's flat when it was deemed safe . There , Baduel began to feel halfway back to having a proper existence . She has the use of a kitchen , a bathroom . When the city 's flickering electricity is on , she can even watch a bit of television . She sleeps in a netted tent set up behind a locked gate in the front yard . It zips up tightly . Inside are fresh white linens . In late April , when CNN caught up with her again , she could manage a smile , but anxiety still defined her face . She did n't know yet how she would regain her life . In Haiti , she says , there is no such thing as insurance . No one will pay her a cent for the estimated $ 20,000 loss in personal property . She understands why impoverished people in the camps do not want to leave . There , at least , they have access to food , water and basic goods distributed by aid agencies . The wealthy fled the country or are able to sustain themselves otherwise . But for those in the middle , the struggle is particularly hard , Baduel says . Last November , her ex-husband died unexpectedly . He used to help pay expenses for her son . To make matters worse , even private hospitals in Port-au-Prince are suffering because people are flocking to public ones for free service . Baduel 's monthly income , about $ 600 before the quake because she worked two jobs , has dipped to about $ 87 , and rents are sky-high because of the demand for housing . But she will never return to a tent and tarp encampment . "  Not me , " she says with defiance . "  Never . " She despised every moment at Champs de Mars but appreciates the way the experience changed her perspective on life . "  I probably spent too much money on making myself and my surroundings beautiful , " she says . She wants to say something else , but the words never leave her lips . She hates that her future is so uncertain . If nothing else , she will leave her job and the city in which she was raised and go to live with her father in the town of Jeremie in western Haiti . She has already sent her son to live with another sister in Fontamara , away from central Port-au-Prince . She also sent the broken teacup there . For now , she does n't need to look at it . She does n't need any reminders .	After the January Haiti quake , Ronide Baduel had nothing for the first time in her life She was educated and well-off , but a natural disaster plunged her to the depths of poverty For a while , she stayed in Port-au-Prince 's biggest slum with her son "  It 's more difficult for those who had something before , " she says
CNN  -- Two bombs went off at separate locations in the Northern Ireland city of Londonderry , police said Thursday . The Police Service of Northern Ireland said people had been moved from both areas after telephone warnings and there were no reports of injuries . One of the blasts was on Strand Road , near government offices and police headquarters . The other was near a tourist office at Foyle Street . The police commander for the city , Chief Superintendent Stephen Martin , branded the attacks "  reckless . " He praised his officers for quickly evacuating businesses and homes , including many elderly residents . "  Thankfully we are not dealing with mass casualties or worse this evening , " said Martin . "  The people of Derry do not want this - it is cowardly and callous . " Londonderry , Northern Ireland 's second largest city , has a Catholic majority and is known as Derry by many residents . Local politicians are blaming Irish Republican Army splinter groups for planting the bombs . There have been several attacks by so-called "  dissident republicans " in the city during recent years since the mainstream IRA declared a cease-fire . The IRA for decades fought against British authorities in Northern Ireland , but has since renounced violence . The former Social Democratic and Labour Party mayor of the city , Irish nationalist Colum Eastwood , condemned Thursday 's attacks . "  This was an attack on the people of Derry by the enemies of Ireland . Those behind this are engaged in a futile and morally bankrupt campaign . " Leader of the pro-British Ulster Unionist Party , Tom Elliott , said , "  I have no doubt the bombs are the work of so-called "  dissident " republican terrorists . "  We have seen this type of attack before during the troubles when the IRA blitzed Londonderry on a regular basis , " Elliott said . "  Those attacks failed to break the will of the unionist people and these attacks will fail , too . These attacks further no cause . " Elliott called for a security crackdown by British authorities and urged anyone with information on the bombers to give it to police . "  This type of fascism was part of our past . It has no place in our future , " he added .	Two bombs rock locations in Londonderry No injuries reported Politicians blame IRA splinter groups
Fancy a stroll around the observation deck of the tallest building in the world ? Normally , doing so would involve a flight to Dubai , an expensive hotel room and a struggle through traffic under blazing sunshine . But now you can take it all in from the comfort of your own living room . Google has launched a new project capturing a 360-degree view of the iconic Burj Khalifa in Dubai -- a building so enormous it is sometimes referred to as the "  vertical city . " The images taken by Google allow users to navigate through the building , using Street View technology , which the company generally uses to map cities . Users can explore the structure from the opulent basement entrance hall to the highest occupied apartment in the world on the building 's 163rd floor . To compile the images , Google 's photographers used state of the art equipment and battled 40 mph winds at the top of the building 's spire , 828 meters  2,716 feet  above ground level . The pictures will be the first time Street View has been used in the Middle East , and the first collection of images to feature a skyscraper . The Burj Khalifa is the tallest man-made structure in the world . Modeled on principles of classical Islamic architecture . The building took six years and more than 22 million man-hours to erect . The edifice 's massive foundations required over 58,900 cubic yards of concrete , weighing more than 110,000 tonnes . Close to 26,000 glass panels , each individually hand-cut , were used in the exterior cladding -- equivalent to 17 soccer fields of material . Google 's Street View technology had to be specially adapted to document buildings such as this . The 360 degree cameras are mounted on a backpack which can be carried by a single operator . Other landmarks and natural wonders like the Eiffel Tower and Grand Canyon have also been captured by the technology .	Google captures world 's tallest building Burj Khalifa with Street View Users can see images from the basement up to the 163rd floor It is the first time Street View has been used in the Middle East
CNN  -- A handwritten letter thought to have been penned by the suspect in last month 's ambush of two Pennsylvania State Police troopers details how he shot the officers and then escaped , two senior law enforcement officials in Pennsylvania told CNN on Monday . The letter , which authorities found during the manhunt for Eric Matthew Frein , does not offer a motive for the shooting , according to the officials . Authorities are n't sure if the letter was left on purpose or by accident , and it 's unclear when or why the letter was written . But based on details contained in it , authorities think it was written by Frein , the officials said . Who is Eric Frein ? State police spokesman Trooper Tom Kelly issued a statement Monday saying that he could not confirm any information provided by unnamed sources . Frein , 31 , is suspected in the September 12 ambush that left Cpl. Bryon Dickson dead and Trooper Alex T. Douglass wounded outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove , Pennsylvania . A massive search for Frein followed , at times involving as many as 1,000 officers . Despite sightings and other leads , he has not yet been caught . Authorities previously said that a review of a computer hard drive used by Frein showed that he had planned the attack for years . Frein has been described as a survivalist and military reenactment enthusiast with a hatred for law enforcement , authorities say .	Letter details shooting and immediate aftermath , law enforcement officials tell CNN It 's not clear whether suspect Eric Matthew Frein left the letter on purpose or not It does n't offer a motive Frein is wanted in last month 's ambush shooting of two Pennsylvania state troopers
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama highlighted stronger federal efforts Monday to help lower a high school dropout rate that , according to the president , is undermining America 's future economic potential . Obama noted that the administration has committed $ 3.5 billion in new federal support for underperforming schools . Among other things , the Education Department is attempting to encourage states to identify and take new measures to reverse trends in schools with graduation rates below 60 percent . The Education Department 's new "  school turnaround grants " are designed to help 5,000 low-performing schools in the next five years . Obama 's proposed fiscal year 2011 budget includes an extra $ 900 million for the program . "  Our kids get only one chance at an education , and we 've got to get it right , " Obama said . "  If a school continues to fail its students , then there 's got to be ... accountability . ... The stakes are too high -- for our children , for our economy , for our country . " The president argued underperforming teachers will need to be replaced in struggling school districts . But more accountability and higher standards , he said , need to be matched by greater federal funding and more parental involvement . Obama made his remarks during an appearance at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce with the nonprofit group America 's Promise , which sponsors programs for at-risk children . The group is headed by Alma Powell , the wife of former Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Colin Powell . Roughly 1.2 million students drop out of school every year , according to the White House . About half of the dropouts are Latino or African-American , Obama said . As a consequence , the administration claims , the country loses almost $ 320 billion in potential earnings every year .	High school dropout rate threatens U.S. economic future , Obama says Administration has committed $ 3.5 billion to help struggling schools , he says Obama says underperforming teachers need to be replaced He calls for more federal funding and parental involvement
CNN  -- German champions Bayern Munich will go into Saturday 's Champions League Final in Madrid with an economic advantage of almost $ 100 million  $ 124 million  over their Italian opponents Inter Milan , according to a leading sports business consultancy . In terms of success on the field this season , there is little to choose between the giants of Germany and Italy who are both seeking to add European glory to domestic dominance , having both clinched league-and-cup doubles in their home countries . But in terms of earnings power , Bayern are already clear winners with an annual turnover of $ 289.5 million  $ 358 million  , says SPORT+MARKT Executive Director Hartmut Zastrow . By contrast , Inter 's annual turnover comes to just $ 196.5 million . Bayern 's advantage derives from additional income derived from commercial and marketing opportunities , with 54 percent of their total turnover -- $ 160 million -- gained commercially , according to SPORT+MARKT . Can Mourinho beat Van Gaal to become king of Europe ? By contrast , Inter remain heavily dependent on revenue earned from television rights , with the club collecting $ 115.7 million -- or 60 percent of its turnover -- in broadcasting income . Bayern 's current TV earnings amount to just $ 69.6 million per a year . "  The Commercial Masters defy the Giants of TV rights . In terms of revenue , Bayern has already defeated Inter Milan : thanks to a great commercial strategy , the Bavarians have been able to earn almost $ 100 million more than their Italian rivals " said Zastrow . The Bavarian side also outguns Inter when it comes to ticket sales and matchday revenue , despite having a stadium with more than 10,000 fewer seats than Milan 's San Siro home . Bayern has sold out the 69,000-capacity Allianz Arena for every game since the stadium opened in 2006 , bringing in more than $ 60 million a year . Inter 's ageing Stadio Giuseppe Meazza , last renovated for the 1990 World Cup , holds more than 80,000 but the Serie A champions have averaged just 55,000 this season , bringing in less than $ 30 million annually . "  The revenue from the stadium ticketing is impressive for Bayern and represents 22 percent of the total , almost equal to broadcasting income " , said Zastrow . "  Bayern 's figures are a dream for every club . Of course , a new stadium for Inter Milan would help reduce the gap and bring more fans to the matches , generating more cash for the club . " Both clubs have already earned euros 22.5 million by reaching Saturday 's final at the Bernabeu with the winners set to collect an additional euros 9 million . Bayern were placed fifth , behind Manchester United , Real Madrid , Arsenal and Barcelona on last month 's latest list of football 's richest clubs , compiled by Forbe 's magazine . Man United named world 's richest club Inter were 10th on the list , lower than Italian rivals AC Milan and Juventus . English clubs Liverpool and Chelsea made up the top 10 .	Bayern Munich have annual turnover of $ 289.5 million  $ 358 million Inter Milan have annual turnover of $ 196.5 million  $ 243 million Bayern make 54 percent of turnover from commercial , marketing opportunities Inter Milan dependent on television revenues for 60 percent of their turnover
CNN  It 's the day the music died . In the early morning hours of February 3 , 1959 , a small aircraft carrying Buddy Holly , Ritchie Valens and J.P. "  The Big Bopper " Richardson crashed a few miles from Mason City Municipal Airport , near Clear Lake , Iowa . Pilot Roger Peterson also died in the crash . The voice of the hit songs "  Peggy Sue " and "  That 'll Be the Day " was silenced forever . A few months later , the Civil Aeronautics Board blamed the accident primarily on the pilot 's lack of qualification and certification to fly solely by instruments and secondarily on an inadequate weather briefing .  PDF  . Now , the National Transportation Safety Board , the successor to the aeronautics board , may be taking another look . The NTSB received a letter from aviation enthusiast L.J. Coon , a self-described retired pilot and aircraft dispatcher , asking it to look at other possible contributing factors to the crash . They include the aircraft 's weight and balance calculations  for passengers , baggage and fuel  , possible issues with rudder panels and possible carburetor Induction icing , Coon told CNN in an email . "  You have gotten our attention , " the NTSB wrote in February , saying it would examine the information he provided , Coon 's email said . The NTSB never fully closes a case , but any petition to re-examine a crash needs to show that there is new information suggesting the original probable cause is incorrect , NTSB spokesman Eric Weiss said . The agency has two months to review the petition and decide whether there 's new information that would make it revisit the case . In 1959 , Holly , Valens and Richardson were part of the Winter Dance Party , a tour that had started in Milwaukee and traveled to small cities in Minnesota and Iowa . The musicians had traveled in subfreezing temperatures in unheated buses , and people were getting sick . Holly booked the four-seat aircraft to fly to Fargo , North Dakota , where he planned to finally do laundry and rest in advance of the group 's next concert in nearby Moorhead , Minnesota . Country legend Waylon Jennings , then Holly 's bass player , gave up his seat to a sick Richardson . Jennings , who died in 2002 at age 64 , was haunted by his decision for years to come . Dion and the Belmonts were also on the tour , but Dion gave up his seat on the plane after hearing the $ 36 per-person price tag . He was the only headliner not on the plane and the only headliner who did n't die that night . Fans remember ` the Day the Music Died ' The crash has inspired generations of artists . Lou Diamond Phillips played Ritchie Valens  originally Valenzuela  in the 1987 hit movie "  La Bamba . " Gary Busey played Holly in the 1978 movie "  The Buddy Holly Story . " Don McLean , who was inspired by Holly 's music , memorialized that day as "  The Day the Music Died " in his 1971 song "  American Pie . "	Pilot error and snow were reasons stated for Buddy Holly plane crash An aviation enthusiast has new theories for crash that also killed the Big Bopper and Ritchie Valens
London  CNN  -- Many visitors to London will be used to flying over the Thames before they land . Within less than 10 years , they could be touching down at an island airport in the middle of the river itself . A futuristic-looking , six-runway airport on an artificial island has been proposed at a location off the Isle of Sheppey , around 80 kilometers from the center of the city . The plan from a consortium formed by the mayor of London , Boris Johnson , has been projected to cost Â # 47 billion  $ 76 billion  and to take seven years . With Heathrow running at 99 % capacity , the capital needs more runways , the consortium , Testrad , says . The mid-river location is intended to avoid adding to the aviation noise pollution already bedeviling London -- the source of long-running campaigns from residents beneath that approach into Heathrow that passengers so enjoy . New beginnings at the world 's busiest airport Trees growing in terminal A visualization of the proposed London Britannia Airport shows an oval-shaped stucture bisected by runways , sitting in the Thames where the river widens to form an estuary . Interlinked , translucent hemispherical pods cover the concourse and other passenger areas -- the light they admit allowing trees and other vegetation to grow within . Heathrow Airport , currently the busiest in Europe by passenger traffic and the third busiest in the world , would close if Britannia Airport went ahead , Gensler , its designers , said . Passenger numbers to all London 's airports are expected to more than double by 2031 , to 300 million from 127 million a year in 2010 , according to the Greater London Authority . More : Viagra among best cures for jet lag ?	Airport would sit on artificial Thames island Estimated $ 76 billion project is forecast to take seven years Transparent hubs filled with trees would form passenger terminals Heathrow "  to close " if project realized
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities have detained the country 's former drug czar on suspicion that he may have accepted $ 450,000 a month in bribes from drug traffickers , Mexico 's attorney general said Friday . Noe Ramirez Mandujano was in charge from 2006 through August of fighting organized crime in Mexico . Noe Ramirez Mandujano was in charge from 2006 until this August of the attorney general 's office that specializes in combatting organized crime . Ramirez is accused of meeting with members of a drug cartel while he was in office and agreeing to provide information on investigations in exchange for the bribes , Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora Icaza said at a news conference Friday . The arrest was part of an ongoing investigation called "  Operation Limpieza , " or "  Operation Cleanup , " the attorney general said . The operation targets officials who may have passed information to drug cartels . The arrest was announced Thursday night , four days after the house arrest of Ricardo Gutierrez Vargas , the director for International Police Affairs at Mexico 's Federal Investigative Agency and the head of Mexico 's Interpol office . Authorities say more than 30 officials have been arrested since July in connection with the anti-corruption operation . Interpol , which is based in France , announced Wednesday it is sending a team of investigators to Mexico to investigate the possibility that its communications systems and databases may have been compromised , a prospect raised by the arrest of Gutierrez , the top official working with the agency in Mexico . "  A war of master proportions " between authorities and narcotics traffickers and traffickers among themselves has left more than 4,300 dead so far this year , according to the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , an independent research and information organization . By comparison , the council said in a report this week , there were 2,700 drug-related deaths in 2007 . "  Homegrown drug cartels operating from both within and outside the country are engaging in a vicious turf war to seize control of major trafficking corridors while engaging in almost open warfare against the mobilized forces of the state , " the council said about what it calls "  narco-fueled crime . " Mexican leaders have been trying to tamp down the violence by tightening controls on money-laundering and cracking down on corruption among local and municipal police forces infiltrated by drug traffickers . It may not be enough . "  Due to pervasive corruption at the highest levels of the Mexican government , and the almost effortless infiltration of the porous security forces by the cartel , an ultimate victory by the state is far from certain , " the Hemispheric Council concludes . Drug trafficking in Mexico is a $ 20 billion - to $ 50 billion-a-year industry , as much as the nation earns from tourism or remittances from Mexicans living in the United States , said Robert Pastor , a former National Security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and now a professor of international relations at American University in Washington . He has been studying Latin America for more than four decades . "  This is a huge industry with an extraordinary capacity to corrupt and intimidate the country . And they 're doing both right now , " said Pastor , also a former director of the Carter Center 's Latin American and Caribbean Program . The drug cartels are paying some Mexican officials bribes of $ 150,000 to $ 450,000 a month , authorities have said . This in a country where the per capita income is $ 12,500 a year and one of every seven Mexicans lives in poverty , according to the CIA World Factbook .	Noe Ramirez Mandujano arrested , suspected of taking $ 450,000 a month in bribes About 30 officials arrested in massive operation investigating collusion with cartels Report : 4,300 dead this year in war between authorities and narcotics traffickers Drug cartels pay some officials bribes of $ 150,000 to $ 450,000 a month
CNN  -- It seems that in at least one part of the world , the golden arches have lost a little luster . The reason lies in a proposal by U.S.-based fast food giant McDonald 's to build a restaurant in Tecoma , a small Australian town in the lush foothills of the Dandenong Ranges east of Melbourne . The corporation 's move has sparked a two-year battle with locals , who say they resent the influx of an international restaurant chain and feel that the restaurant will spoil an area of outstanding natural beauty . Under the banner "  No Maccas in Tecoma , " residents of the town of 2,000 have held several protests against the proposed restaurant , such as the one depicted in this iReport in early March , shot by Tim Smith and sent in by resident Kerry Furnell . Why such anger over one burger joint ? The reasons are manifold , says campaigner Garry Muratore . iReport : Tecoma says no to McDonald 's "  For me , personally , I will be living only 400 meters from the proposed development , so the issues were litter and traffic , " he said . "  For young families , it is the fact that it will be built almost opposite a primary school and kindergarten . For the local doctors , it 's about health , while others are concerned it will be only 800 meters from a national park . " McDonald 's , which says it has kept in regular contact with the local media , community and interested parties over the restaurant plans , has 780 restaurants across Australia , employing about 85,000 people . Amongst the values listed on its website is the promise "  we give back to our communities . " A spokeswoman for McDonald 's said in a statement that it had been "  diligent " in addressing concerns of the community , altering the external design of the restaurant to reflect "  the aesthetic of the area " and consulting third-party traffic engineers to ensure minimal impact . Furnell said that the Dandenong Ranges were an iconic place for Australians and that many were "  horrified " McDonald 's could think such a development would be appropriate . She also said increased traffic , vandalism and crime might affect her children . "  The presence of a 24-hour restaurant will mean  an  increase of littering , vandalism and worse and the leaving of items such as used condoms or broken bottles , meaning children are more likely to be injured or harmed in some way , " she said . For a small campaign , its reach has been extraordinary . Campaigners have been quick to engage in a PR war , harnessing the power of social media , developing a website punningly titled Burger Off to promote their cause and creating a Facebook page with almost 6,000 likes . More than 75 local volunteers have also pitched in , with one academic spending eight weeks wading through three years worth of local newspapers in the state library to tally up incidents of crime purportedly involving McDonald 's restaurants . McDonald 's changes its name to "  Maccas " in some Australian restaurants Others have helped with fundraising , developed contacts with similar campaigns across Australia or attended peaceful occupations of the proposed site , where a community garden was built . In February , protesters held a garden gnome "  invasion " of the McDonald 's headquarters in Collingwood , a Melbourne suburb , where hundreds of the garden ornaments were placed on the office steps . But despite an increasingly fraught battle on both sides , campaigners have stressed that it is the corporation and its franchise holders they have an issue with , not staffers , who they say are just doing their job . What they are angry about is what they describe as a lack of dialogue . "  McDonald 's  say they look forward to engaging with us , so we say come and meet , and they wo n't return our calls , " Muratore said . "  They speak with both sides of their mouth . " The McDonald 's statement said the company was "  proud to contribute to the local community everywhere we operate " through creating jobs , offering training opportunities and providing financial benefits to local businesses and sporting clubs through sponsorships . "  We have absolutely followed established legal processes to ensure that the restaurant is afforded the same rights and privileges as any other business looking to settle in the area , " the spokeswoman said . It is not the first time such a burger battle has been fought on Australian soil . In 2011 , a proposal by McDonald 's to build a fourth restaurant in Port Macquarie , north of Sydney , was rejected by the Land and Environment Court , local media reported . Residents had argued that the site was in a residential area and was an environmental concern . In Tecoma , after councilors initially rejected the plan , McDonald 's appealed to a planning court . In September , the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal found in favor of McDonald 's , and the Tecoma campaigners say they do not have the funds to take the case to the Supreme Court . After months of court battles , site occupations , meetings , allegations and counterallegations , the original McDonald 's franchisee backed out of the project this month . A new one has stepped in , but the small success has emboldened the protesters , who feel that victory in this battle could lead to winning the overall war . "  It 's a case of dollars over democracy , and that 's the heart of any issue that involves communities and large businesses , " Muratore said . "  Our community is not a cookie-cutter suburb ; it 's unique . All those on the campaign want the same : We do n't want a multinational fast food outlet . "	Small town near Melbourne , Australia , has fought McDonald 's plans for two years Locals cite environmental , crime concerns over proposed site of new restaurant McDonald 's says it has been "  diligent " in addressing concerns of community
CNN  -- Our dog Tilly loves the holiday season . Turkey for Thanksgiving . Brisket for Hanukkah . Ham for Christmas and pot roast for New Year 's . With so much food moving around the house and visitors who generously -- and covertly -- feed her under the table , Tilly has always been a happy dog during the season of giving . Two reluctant reindeer : Tilly , left , and Riley . Not anymore . After we spent much of one holiday season at the animal emergency center trying to keep Tilly alive , our holiday celebration turned into a hunt for household toxics . Tilly was diagnosed with severe anemia , which could have been caused by any one of numerous toxic items found in the refrigerators , cupboards and medicine cabinets of most homes . Now , Tilly 's kibble and treats practically need their own passport to reach her mouth ; human food is out of reach ; visitors are asked to put away any medications and shown where the "  approved " treats are kept . It may sound extreme , but veterinary medical experts say this type of preventative behavior can keep pets safe . This is especially true during the holidays , when family chaos increases and your pet 's environment may change from day to day with the arrival of family and friends bearing gifts , holiday food items and exotic plants . "  Dogs and cats do not know what is bad for them , " said Dr. Cynthia Gaskill , associate professor and veterinary clinical toxicologist at the University of Kentucky in Lexington . "  If there is medicine on the bathroom counter or food left on the table , that is irresistible to them . " And unless your houseguests are conscientious pet owners themselves , chances are they are n't aware that they may be creating a toxic environment for your pet . Gaskill says it is important to let guests know not to leave their medications in an open suitcase or otherwise exposed . Over-the-counter and prescription medications can kill small animals . Because metabolic systems vary between species , a drug that may alleviate pain in humans can easily induce a toxic reaction in a dog or cat . For example , ibuprofen ingested by a dog can cause gastrointestinal damage and kidney dysfunction . Cats are especially susceptible to even small amounts of acetaminophen  the active ingredient in Tylenol  ; ingestion of just one tablet can result in anemia and potential liver damage . Dr. Robin Van Metre , a veterinarian at the Fort Collins Veterinary Emergency Hospital in Colorado , says that many of the emergency calls he receives involve pets that have accidentally ingested prescription medications or been given an over-the-counter medication by well-meaning owners who believe that their animal is in pain . Van Metre says these calls increase significantly over the holidays . "  Dogs will eat almost anything , " Van Metre said , "  and there is no such thing as a dog-proof cap . " Take care in the kitchen , too . Typical holiday staples such as grapes and raisins have been shown to cause renal failure when ingested by dogs . Although small amounts of onions and garlic are often used in pet foods and treats to add flavor , ingestion of large amounts can cause severe red blood cell damage ; cats are especially sensitive . Macadamia nuts can cause a short-term hind-limb paralysis , and bread dough , if eaten before baking , can expand rapidly once ingested and cause ethanol poisoning . Sweets , gum and hard candies are often problematic depending on ingredients . Chocolate contains a theobromine , a chemical that can affect the heart , kidneys and central nervous system . Dark chocolate and baker 's chocolate contain higher concentrations of theobromine and are more toxic than similar amounts of milk chocolate . Sugar-free gums and candies that contain the sugar-substitute xylitol can lead to quick onset of toxic clinical signs that may include a rapid decrease in blood sugar and possible seizures . Think carefully before placing mistletoe or holly in low-lying areas , but put poinsettias anywhere you like . The effects of the poinsettia , long believed poisonous , are generally benign , says Dr. Anthony Knight , author of A Guide to Poisonous House and Garden Plants and professor of clinical sciences and toxicology at Colorado State University School of Veterinary Medicine and Biological Sciences . Exposed plant bulbs such as Amaryllis and all species of lilies should be placed out of reach of pets not only during the holidays but year-round , Knight says . Lily toxicity in cats can reach critical levels almost immediately after ingestion and lead to acute kidney failure within 48 hours or less . "  Lilies are one of the most poisonous houseplants that exists , " Knight said . "  It 's not just the flower but also the leaves . ... If a cat eats any part of the plant , it would need to be treated immediately . " What should you do if your pet ingests a toxic holiday treat ? "  Do not wait , " Van Metre said . "  Most people wait too long to call us , and that reduces our options for treatment . " Van Metre recommends calling a local veterinarian or animal emergency hospital first , or the ASPCA national animal poison control center  888-426-4435  . The ASPCA charges a $ 60 veterinary consultation fee , but information about toxins is free on the ASPCA Web site . Gaskill does not advise calling human poison control centers or attempting to diagnose your pet on the Internet . Human poison control "  is often not aware of the species differences and could inadvertently give the wrong advice , " Gaskill said . "  When doing a general Internet search , make sure the site is backed by a recognized veterinary organization or veterinary medical school . If it is not referenced , it is just someone 's opinion . " Van Metre and Gaskill both warn against inducing vomiting in your pet before speaking with a veterinarian . Getting appropriate background information about the animal is critical to preparing a treatment plan for a particular toxin , they say , and every case -- every animal -- is different . Tilly never recovered from her anemia , but she has been in remission long enough to create another toxic scare . After learning that Tilly had ingested an entire bag of Hershey 's kisses , we called our local animal emergency hospital in Atlanta . They did a quick calculation using Tilly 's weight to determine whether a one-pound bag of milk chocolate would reach toxic levels in a dog of her size . It would not , but we were forced to clean up the silver-streaked evidence for many days afterwards . Melissa Tarkington is a former journalist for MSNBC , CNN.com and The Moscow Times . She is a second-year student in the professional veterinary program at Colorado State University .	Holiday food items and exotic plants can be toxic for your pets Grapes , raisins and macadamia nuts are dangerous for dogs Mistletoe , holly and Amaryllis bulbs should be kept out of reach of pets The ASPCA has a national animal poison control center
London , England  CNN  -- Paving slabs that convert energy from people 's footsteps into electricity are set to help power Europe 's largest urban mall , at the 2012 London Olympics site . The recycled rubber "  PaveGen " paving slabs harvest kinetic energy from the impact of people stepping on them and instantly deliver tiny bursts of electricity to nearby appliances . The slabs can also store energy for up to three days in an on-board battery , according to its creator . In their first commercial application , 20 tiles will be scattered along the central crossing between London 's Olympic stadium and the recently opened Westfield Stratford City mall -- which expects an estimated 30 million customers in its first year . "  That should be enough feet to power about half its  the mall 's  outdoor lighting needs , " said Laurence Kemball-Cook , a 25-year-old engineering graduate who developed the prototype during his final year of university in 2009 . The green slabs are designed to compress five millimeters when someone steps on them , but PaveGen will not share the precise mechanism responsible for converting absorbed kinetic energy into electricity . Although each step produces only enough electricity to keep an LED-powered street lamp lit for 30 seconds , Kemball-Cook says that the tiles are a real-world "  crowdsourcing " application , harnessing small contributions from a large number of individuals . "  We recently came back from a big outdoor festival where we got over 250,000 footsteps -- that was enough to charge 10,000 mobile phones , " said Kemball-Cook . The young inventor envisages PaveGen systems being used to power off-grid appliances such as public lighting , illuminated street maps and advertising , and to be installed in areas of dense human traffic such as city centers , underground stations and school corridors . "  Our main test installation is at a school in Kent  southeast England  -- where 1,100 kids have devoted their lives to stamping all over them for the last eight months , " said Kemball-Cook . In its current form , the PaveGen paving slab contains a low-energy LED which lights up , expressing the energy transfer idea to the user but only consuming around 5 % of the energy from each footstep . "  This is what I really enjoy about the design , " said Richard Miller , head of sustainability at the UK 's government-funded Technology Strategy Board . "  As much as it 's an effective , common-sense source of some sustainable electricity , it 's also a great way for people to engage with the issue of sustainability ... to feel like they are part of the solution in a very immediate , fun and visual way that does n't make you do anything you would n't already be doing , " said Miller . However , although generally enthusiastic about the product , for the time being Miller withholds speculation about its far-reaching impact . "  As with all things of this nature , on a large scale and in the long term , its success will be determined by how cost-effective it is to produce ... If it turns out to be expensive , then it will struggle to find a place as anything more than a niche application , " he said . Kemball-Cook declines to comment on the cost of each slab , arguing that their current price is much higher than what it will be when they go into mass production . That said , the company has already won a spate of awards , including the Big Idea category at the UK 's Ethical Business Awards and the Shell LiveWire Grand Ideas Award . PaveGen has also recently received a round of financing from a group of London-based angel investors , although the sum is undisclosed . Kemball-Cook is confident that the slab is durable . Over the course of a month it was subjected to a machine that replicates the pounding of footsteps , non-stop every day , he added . "  It 's also really easy to install as a retrofit on existing pavements , because they can be made to match their exact dimensions ... you just replace one slab with another , " he said . Looking to the future , Kemball-Cook would like to see the paving system introduced to the developing world , in areas that have a high footfall , but are off-grid , such as the slums in Mumbai . "  The average person takes 150 million steps in their lifetime , just imagine the potential , " he said .	Engineer has developed paving slab that transforms energy from footsteps into electricity First commercial order expected to power half of outdoor lighting at vast London shopping mall Sustainability expert says slabs encourage sense of collective participation Hopes one day to export across developing world to provide source of "  off-grid " energy
The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 13-year-old boy who went cliff jumping into the water with friends in Hawaii -- but never resurfaced . The boy jumped off a 15-foot cliff near Hapuna Beach State Park on Hawaii 's Big Island , the Coast Guard said . Authorities have been looking for the boy since midday Sunday . Authorities are searching above , beneath and on the water 's surface . Dive teams have scoured underwater , and the Coast Guard has been scanning by boat and helicopter . Rogue waves sweep teen kayakers into Pacific Ocean	Boy jumped off cliff near Hapuna Beach State Park on Hawaii 's Big Island U.S. Coast Guard searching for 13-year-old
Palisades , New York  CNN  -- About six weeks ago , a large earthquake devastated Haiti and killed over 200,000 people . Saturday , a huge earthquake releasing 500 times more energy , devastated Chile and killed hundreds . So why did the smaller earthquake kill so many more people ? And why the sudden spate of disastrous earthquakes in the Americas ? No , the apocalypse is not coming . No , the two earthquakes are not linked in any way . And no , Pat Robertson , you ca n't blame the Devil or the French . The real answers , for those comfortable with science and the Enlightenment , are tectonics and poverty . Of the many revolutions of the 1960s , the one that really mattered to geologists was the revolution of plate tectonics . Tectonics is the word geologists use to describe the process by which mountains move and rocks squeeze and crunch . In the sixties , new data from research cruises and from earthquake seismometers led to the realization that tectonics makes mountains slide sideways long distances . Earth scientists discovered that the Earth has a patchy skin of mobile plates a hundred miles thick and thousands of miles across , and that they move horizontally at a slow but irresistible pace . It 's where they collide that our problems begin . South America is a prime example of this process , one that geologists call "  subduction . " It 's why we have the long chain of mountains called the Andes and it 's why countries like Chile and Peru suffer giant , destructive earthquakes every few decades . Off the coast of Chile is a tectonic plate called the Nazca Plate . Unseen by most , it has been inching its way towards the South American continent , and sliding underneath it , for well over a hundred million years . Since the day that Magellan first rounded Tierra del Fuego it has encroached by 130 feet in a roughly east-north-east direction . The Nazca plate does n't slide under the South American plate in an orderly fashion though . It moves in fits and starts , sometimes sticking and sometimes slipping , sometimes here and sometimes there . Along the coast of Chile , patches can get stuck for over a hundred years . When they do finally slip , they go with a bang . All that squeezing energy is released in seconds and an earthquake happens . On Saturday a patch roughly the size of Maryland came unstuck , unleashing one of the most powerful tremors ever recorded . Fifty years ago , a patch four times bigger and with an area of about 50,000 square miles , the size of Louisiana , slipped and triggered the Valdivia earthquake . Its magnitude has been estimated as at least 9.5 , making it the largest earthquake of modern times . Over millions of years , this tectonic squeezing has formed the Andes and raised the high desert known as the Altiplano . Elsewhere it has created the Alps , the Rockies , the Himalayas , and Tibet . It has also created and distorted some of the islands of the Caribbean , including Haiti . So that 's why some parts of the world suffer from big earthquakes that strike with irregular frequency , while other regions are seismically quiet : it all depends on where the plates meet and how fast they are running into each other . Knowing this helps us assess seismic risk and mitigate it . It helps us know where the strongest earthquake shaking will hit and roughly how often . Predicting when the shaking will hit is a much greater challenge , and geophysicists are working hard to reach that goal . In any case , prediction is not the real problem : poverty is . Poverty is what ultimately kills most people during an earthquake . Poverty means that little or no evaluation is made of seismic risk in constructing buildings and no zoning takes place . It means that building codes are not written , and even if they do exist they are difficult , or impossible , to enforce . It means the choice between building robustly or building cheaply is not a choice at all . Haiti is a tragic illustration of this . Weak building materials and poor construction standards share much of the blame for the grotesque numbers of fatalities , injured and internally displaced people . Of course it 's complicated . Earthquake shaking is a complex process and the chain of causation from earthquake source magnitude through infrastructural damage to human harm involves factors like the type of earthquake fault , its orientation , the hardness of bedrock or presence of wet soil , and so on . A lot also depends on the time of day the earthquake strikes in terms of how many people are inside buildings that could collapse . Population density , distance from the epicenter , and the depth of the rupture are the most important factors of all . Nevertheless , those countries most at risk of seismic tragedy are not simply those on tectonic plate boundaries , but also those with the least money to spend on protecting themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Colin Stark .	Chile 's quake released 500 times more energy than Haiti 's , says Colin Stark Earthquake 's magnitude is related to movement of plates on earth 's surface , Stark says Quake damage partly due to level of poverty , quality of building techniques , he says
CNN  -- A North Carolina middle school teacher was suspended for three days for showing students the rap video "  Same Love , " Macklemore 's song promoting equal rights for gays . "  The issue in this matter was one of whether the video was curriculum-based , educationally-related , and age-appropriate for a class of prepubescent 13-year-olds , " Alexander County school board attorney Joel Harbinson told CNN on Thursday . The seven-minute video includes a kiss between two men at a wedding altar and ends with an elderly gay couple holding hands in a hospital room . "  The right-wing conservatives think that it 's a decision and you can be cured with some treatment and religion , man-made rewiring of a predisposition , " Macklemore raps . The school board lawyer would not identify the teacher , describe the class subject or give details about the disciplinary action taken . "  The administration and the teacher reached an understanding based solely on these factors that was mutually agreeable to all parties , " Harbinson said . "  We look forward to the teacher being a valuable member of our school system for years to come as we continue our commitment to provide the best possible education to all of our students as well as to treat each of them with compassion and understanding . " The incident occurred last week and the teacher is back on the job at West Alexander Middle School , Harbinson told CNN . Macklemore , who did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment this week , did publish a response last November when a Michigan middle school teacher was suspended for the same offense . That suspension was lifted after a protest by the American Civil Liberties Union . "  This level of intolerance and fear is still very active in America , but at times is not completely visible , " Macklemore wrote on his website . "  This incident is just one of tens of thousands that have happened across the country where schools have exposed a latent homophobia , preventing safe space for all young people to feel confident in being themselves . " He said he wrote the song "  not with the expectation that it would cure homophobia and lead to marriage equality across the US  although that 'd be awesome  . Â It was written with the hope that it would facilitate dialogue and through those conversations understanding and empathy would emerge . " "  Same Love " won the 2013 MTV Video Music Award for best hip-hop video with a social message last month .	NEW : Teacher back on job Macklemore 's song not "  age-appropriate " for "  prepubescent 13-year-olds , " school says "  Same Love " video includes a kiss between two men at a wedding altar A Michigan middle school teacher was suspended for the same offense last year
GAZA CITY , Gaza  CNN  -- A radical Muslim sheikh 's call for the creation of an Islamic emirate in Gaza sparked clashes with Hamas forces that left 21 people dead and injured at least 121 others . Members of Jund Ansar Allah surround Sheikh Abu al-Nour al-Maqdessi in Rafah on Friday . Hamas forces blew up the home of Sheikh Abu al-Nour al-Maqdessi , leader of the radical group Jund Ansar Allah , or Soldiers of the Partisans of God , Hamas sources said . Al-Maqdessi , also known as Abdel Latif Musa , was among the 21 dead , a hospital spokesman told CNN . Friday 's clashes were the latest between Gaza 's Hamas rulers , who have said they are moderate Muslims pledged to the Palestinian cause , and more extremist Islamic groups . Jund Ansar Allah is part of the radical Islamist movement that follows the doctrines of the "  Salaf , " or the predecessors -- referring to the early generations of Muslims . They reject all modern influences such as politics and government . In a televised statement , Hamas ministry spokesman Taher Nunu called al-Maqdessi 's group "  outlaws " and said they have been "  terrorizing the country and attacking civilians . " "  We hold the group and its leader fully responsible for what is happening in Gaza and we offer our condolences to everyone who was killed during the clashes , " Nunu said . "  No one is above the law and we urge everyone who is a member of this group to surrender himself to the authorities or they will be accountable for all of their actions . " The gunfight erupted near a mosque in the southern Gaza city of Rafah , where the cleric delivered his sermon , the sources said . Hamas militants raided the mosque and seized control of it . Later , the fighting spread to al-Maqdessi 's home , the sources said . Al-Maqdessi also called for a public meeting at the mosque , posting on the Jund Ansar Allah 's Web site an invitation dubbed "  the golden advice to the government of  Hamas leader  Ismail Haniya . " The group posted a statement on the Web site announcing the establishment of the Islamic emirate in Gaza and proclaiming al-Maqdessi "  the commander of the faithful . " The statement declared that armed forces in Gaza should unite under him . It urged Muslims everywhere to support the "  young emirate " by providing money , weapons and men because "  this is the hope of the Muslim nation in raising the banner of monotheism in Palestine and to liberate all the lands and purify Al-Aqsa mosque from the filth of the damned Jews . " Al-Aqsa mosque is in Jerusalem . The group accused Hamas of not being Islamic enough , saying they care more about pleasing "  tyrants " than "  obeying God . " But Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zahri dismissed statements about the establishment of an Islamic emirate as "  theoretical . " "  It is not permitted to any party or individual to enforce their own laws because this is the responsibility of the security forces , " he said . CNN 's Talal Abu-Rahman in Gaza City , Gaza , contributed to this report .	Sheikh Abu al-Nour al-Maqdessi killed in battle with Hamas forces , officials say Al-Maqdessi was leader of Islamist movement that rejects politics , government Al-Maqdessi had sought creation of Islamic emirate in Gaza
CNN  -- Congressional auditors have uncovered widespread abuse of techniques used to restrain or discipline special-education students in U.S. schools , with some deaths linked to the practices , a top congressman says . Investigators in Utah say a teacher left Garrett Peck in an isolation cubicle for at least two and a half hours . The findings are among those expected from a Government Accountability Office report scheduled to be released Tuesday . The report documented serious problems with the way children with disabilities are being treated in public schools , including cases of children being held face-down on the ground . The GAO report was prepared for the House Education and Labor Committee , which is considering new laws governing what actions teachers can take to rein in disruptive special-needs students . "  I think what we 're going to hear from the GAO is that very often , special-need children are subjected to the policies of seclusion and policies of restraint that have turned out to be lethal in a number of circumstances , " said Rep. George Miller , D-California , the committee 's chairman . In other cases , children as young as 6 have been locked away "  for hours at a time , " Miller said . "  What the GAO is telling us is that that policy is fairly widespread , " he said . "  The state regulations about how to handle these incidents do n't exist in about half the states , and in other states you have kind of a patchwork of regulations . " The GAO , the investigative arm of Congress , found that state laws governing the treatment of the more than 6 million children classified as having "  special needs " -- conditions including autism and Down syndrome -- are patchy at best . Teachers and school staff frequently lack training in correct restraint methods , and in some cases , where improper restraints led to injuries , teachers often kept their jobs . Only five states keep track of incidents where special-needs students are separated or restrained . Parents contacted by CNN commonly said they were not told their child was being disciplined until he or she began to behave badly at home -- a sign of trouble at school . When confronted with complaints , school systems sometimes sought to minimize or deny the allegations , even after public investigations found the charges to be true . And parents told CNN that when they got into a dispute with the teacher , their child was made to suffer as retribution . Some of the most disturbing reports concerned the use of seclusion rooms . Experts have long recommended that children should only be isolated when they pose an immediate threat to themselves or others . But CNN found that isolation was often used as a punishment by teachers to compel the students to follow instructions . State investigators in Utah found a teacher left 7-year-old Garrett Peck in an isolation cubicle for at least two and a half hours after the teacher said he told her to "  shut up . " While the boy was in the cubicle , the teacher taunted him by playing his favorite video and telling him what he was missing . His parents , Joshua and Becca Peck , said the child has an attention span of about 10 minutes , and they believe that after the first few minutes , he had no idea why he was in the cubicle . "  It was so sad . We felt it was a form of torture for him but he , being autistic , he had no way to express it , " Joshua Peck said . "  He could n't tell . " And Becca Peck said her son had been left in the cubicle with nothing but a magic marker -- which he used to scrawl all over himself . When she came to school to pick him up , "  He was covered in marker -- on his eyelids , on his hair , face , clothes , arms , eyelids -- everywhere . " "  I started thinking , ` What was he thinking ? ' Was he thinking , ` Why is my mom letting this person do this to me ? Why am I here ? I trust no one now . ' " In Garrett 's case , like others cited by the GAO , the teacher remains on the job . And what frustrates experts is that efforts to force unruly children to comply do n't actually work . At one school in Pennsylvania , however , teachers appear to have better results using sharply different methods . The Centennial School at Lehigh University serves severely emotionally disturbed children that have been passed from school to school , and even from juvenile justice centers . When school director Michael George came to Centennial in 1999 , the school had documented more than 1,000 cases of restraint and seclusion that year . After the school revamped its approach , no such incidents were reported . When they get to Centennial , students can be violent and aggressive . But instead of trying to force a change in behavior , the school teaches the children new skills to get what they need . Children who might be violent because they are desperate to escape an uncomfortable task or environment learn to communicate their discomfort in nonviolent ways . Children who need to move frequently -- a common trait with conditions such as autism -- are permitted to do so , then re-directed to the task at hand . Staff are forbidden from saying anything negative about the children , parents or other teachers , even among themselves . And when a child acts violently , the staff is trained to step aside , rather than immediately attempt a potentially dangerous restraint . On a recent visit to the school , all students appeared to be calm and receptive to teachers . The school 's philosophy can be summed up in a question George likes to ask teachers interviewing for jobs there : Which teacher you remember most from your own childhood ? "  No one ever mentions the person who yelled at them , who screamed at them , who told them to write a phrase a hundred times , who slammed them into closets , who was abrupt , who made them feel stupid . No one ever mentions those people , " said George . "  Our job is to teach . Sometimes the children we are teaching here present extraordinary challenges ; it can be very , very difficult . But that 's the job we chose to do . "	GAO report uncovers abuse of techniques used to restrain or discipline children Some deaths of special-needs kids have been linked to the practices , report says Investigators : Utah boy with autism left in cubicle for at least two and a half hours Only five states keep track of incidents ; many states have no regulations
Salida , Colorado  CNN  -- A rodeo cowboy with a bum shoulder , a middle-aged woman who has trouble sleeping and a handful of snowboarders are all crowded around a shiny aluminum trailer on a sunny winter day . Some clutch X-rays , others look around nervously hoping a neighbor wo n't spot them as they wait in line for a medical marijuana prescription . If this all seems a little weird , you probably do n't live in Colorado , where medical marijuana is the new normal . State-sanctioned marijuana dispensaries now outnumber Starbucks in Colorado . But outside Denver and Boulder , few doctors are comfortable dealing with medical marijuana . Now , residents in rural Colorado towns like Salida can see a doctor who are willing to prescribe medical marijuana aboard two shiny aluminum vintage airstream trailers , which have been converted into mobile doctors ' offices . The trailers criss-cross the state , providing exams for new patients and access to medical marijuana for those deemed eligible . It 's all part of the Medical Marijuana Assistance Program of America , the brainchild of Vincent Palazzotto , a 37-year-old entrepreneur . "  The doctors are the gatekeepers to make sure the patients have access to the medicine , " he said . "  We want to be sure no patient is left behind and it starts with the rural communities . " A doctor must first examine would-be patients and , if the physician signs off , the state of Colorado will issue a card allowing these patients to buy marijuana from dispensaries around the state . An exam costs $ 100 , but Palazzotto said he operates on a sliding scale for patients who ca n't afford to pay the full price . "  Right now our doctors will see 10 % of our patients for free and we can provide a 30 to 50 % discount to disabled veterans as well as other folks in need in programs like Medicaid and Medicare , " said Palazzotto . David Faulk , a 52-year-old tree-cutter , is one of those waiting in line to see if he qualifies for a prescription . He says the ibuprofen he 's been using to treat his chronic pain just is n't enough . "  I just hope to deaden the pain and help my quality of life , " he said . The mobile clinic has saved him a 300-mile round trip drive to Denver , the nearest place where he could find a doctor willing to write a recommendation for medical marijuana . Ten years ago , Colorado voters passed a constitutional amendment allowing for the medical use of marijuana , but it remains against federal law . Two years ago , the Obama administration signaled that it would no longer go after medical marijuana in states that have legalized it . So , like a modern day gold rush , hundreds of marijuana dispensaries have sprung up in storefronts across the state . Once-vacant warehouses now house elaborate growing operations . Medical marijuana is Colorado 's ` green rush ' Millions of dollars in taxes have been collected and more than 115,000 people have received medical marijuana cards . As the industry grows , Palazzotto -- a former real estate property manager -- said he "  felt like the patient was being lost in all this . " That sentiment was echoed by Dr. Margaret Gedde , one of the doctors with the Medical Marijuana Assistance Program of America who is seeing patients in Salida . She now works exclusively with medical marijuana patients . After just a year of writing medical marijuana recommendations , she already has 1,500 patients . "  In the last couple of years or so I became aware of what was happening with medical marijuana in Colorado and I looked at marijuana as a medication and was very surprised at how beneficial it was , " she said . But moving into this new industry has been risky for established doctors . They face the potential of being shunned in the medical community and many fear running afoul of federal law . "  It 's been very difficult talking about it , " Gedde said . "  I do n't think my parents even know , so there is a stigma . But I did make a decision that it was important to talk about this so patients have access . " She believes the situation is changing quickly , and soon she thinks medical marijuana will be widely accepted across the country . "  In Colorado it 's much -LSB- more -RSB- accepted and people are learning the benefits . So many people either have a family member or a friend or have heard about it or themselves have a card so there 's more understanding here . " Gedde says marijuana is particularly effective at dealing with chronic pain for patients like Faulk . After asking him a series of questions about his pain and examining his MRI , she approves him . He is eager to try some marijuana , and may even try to grown his own . The tree cutter says hopes the drug will "  help me get through my labor everyday with a little less pain and maybe sleep a little better at night . " "  Ca n't hurt , " he says , as he climbs back into his battered pickup truck and drives off .	There are more medical marijuana dispensaries in Colorado than Starbucks Rural residents still have limited access to doctors who can prescribe medical marijuana Now , mobile clinics cross the state , brining doctors who can provide access to the drug "  We want to be sure no patient is left behind , " says mobile clinic entrepreneur
CNN  -- A total of 197 million people were without jobs in 2012 , with youth being particularly hard hit , and those unemployment figures will increase again this year , according to an International Labor Organization report released Monday . The bulk of the 4 million newly unemployed in 2012 came from developing economies in East Asia , South Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa , according to the Global Employment Trends 2013 report . The International Labor Organization , which is a United Nations agency responsible for overseeing international labor standards , made bleak projections of another increase in unemployment worldwide by 5.1 million in 2013 -- which would push the total to 202 million . In 2012 , 73.8 million young people were unemployed globally . "  Many young people now experience long-term unemployment right from the start of their labor market entry , " said Guy Ryder , ILO Director-General , during a presentation of the report 's findings . "  When this occurs early on in a person 's career , it can do significant damage to their long-term employment prospects . " Although new jobs may open up , they may require different skills than those that match the unemployed workers , according to the report . "  Governments should step up efforts to support skills and retraining activities in order to address such mismatches which particularly affect young people , " Ryder said . The report advised that the governments should step up efforts to retrain and support job skills to address the differences in work qualifications , with a focus on young people . Youth unemployment is expected to rise in emerging economies in Eastern Europe , East and South-East Asia and the Middle East , according to the report . In developed economies in Europe , firms are reluctant to hire because of uncertainty , the report said . Youth unemployment tops 50 % in some European countries . In Latin America , the region 's unemployment was at 6.6 % in 2012 , with a more rapid recovery from the economic crisis . In East Asia , employment expanded only 0.5 % . In South Asia , female labor force participation remains low . In the Middle East , unemployment is on the rise again after a decline in the 2000s . But vast differences remain in the region , as oil-producing countries tend to have low unemployment rates . In Sub-Saharan Africa , 77 % of workers have what is called "  vulnerable employment . " The report made several recommendations on stemming unemployment globally . Leaders should formulate more "  coherent and predictable " policy , to address economic uncertainty , it stated .	A total of 197 million people were without a job in 2012 , says ILO report Report : Global unemployment numbers will rise once again in 2013 Youth unemployment remains persistent problem
