CNN  -- Alex Ferguson has spent half a lifetime pacing touchlines pointing at his watch , but the boot might be on the other foot if his new lectures overrun at Harvard Business School  HBS  . The Boston-based school announced Friday that the former Manchester United manager has agreed to take up a teaching role on a new program called "  The Business of Entertainment , Media and Sports . " Ferguson retired last May after claiming a 13th English Premier League title with United -- the 49th and final trophy of an illustrious 39-year career in football management . The 72-year old has already lectured at Harvard , but will take up "  a long-term teaching position " next month . "  I 'm delighted to have the opportunity and privilege to contribute to such a respected center of excellence , " Ferguson said in a statement released by the University . "  The time I have already spent at Harvard has been a stimulating experience and I look forward to developing my relationship and activities with the students , faculty and friends of the Harvard Business School community . " Ferguson has previously participated in several classes with HBS professor Anita Elberse and has also collaborated with her on an analysis of his management methods . "  We look forward to welcoming Sir Alex Ferguson on the HBS campus to share his remarkable leadership journey , and contribute to our Executive Education participants ' ability to make a profound difference in the world , " Elberse said .	Former Manchester United boss to teach business execs at Harvard Business School Ferguson will take up teaching post in May The 72-year-old is the most successful British football of all time winning 49 trophies
CNN  -- Mourners gathered Saturday in a California church to remember slain Yale graduate student Annie Le , 24 , whose body was found on the day she was to be married . Yale student Annie Le 's family said in a statement that "  her laughter was infectious . " "  You were born in my loving embrace , " said Le 's mother , Vivian Van Le , reading a poem she 'd written in Vietnamese to those gathered for the funeral at Holy Trinity Catholic Church in El Dorado Hills , California . Chris Le -- her son and Annie Le 's brother -- provided a translation . "  The most wonderful gift that God had sent to me . ... You left life at too young an age , at the beginning of many great things . All the dreams and hopes of your future gone with you to your resting place , " Vivian Van Le said , according to her son . Le , a pharmacology graduate student , was last seen alive on September 8 , the day she appeared in a surveillance video as she entered the four-story lab at 10 Amistad St. , about 10 blocks from Yale University 's campus . Her body was found inside the basement wall of the building on September 12 , the day she was to be married . Authorities have charged Yale lab technician Raymond Clark , 24 , with Le 's murder . Bond has been set at $ 3 million , according to police . See timeline of case " Vivian Van Le addressed her daughter 's fiance , Jonathan Widawsky , on Saturday at the funeral , saying , "  Even now , Annie is gone . But I still have you and love you very much , like my son , Christopher . " Widawsky is a graduate student in physics at Columbia University , according to Yale . Watch loved ones say goodbye to Le " Monsignor James C. Kidder told the mourners that "  the worth of Annie 's life was not its length , it was its intensity of love . " Yale released a statement Friday , saying that a university memorial service would be held on October 12 . The university is also establishing a scholarship in Le 's memory . It released a statement from her family , saying "  Annie was loved by everyone who knew her and special to all those who came in contact with her . ... Her laughter was infectious and her goodness was ingenuous . ... We will always remember her beautiful smile , her fun-loving spirit , and the joy that she brought to us all . "	Mourners gather in a California church to remember slain Yale student Le 's mom : "  You left life at too young an age , at the beginning of many great things " Authorities have charged Yale lab technician Raymond Clark with Le 's murder
Calabasas , California  CNN  -- Justin Bieber 's California mansion resembles a frat house , according to a detective who searched it last week . "  Why you in my house , bro ? " Bieber asked after a dozen deputies woke him up at 8 a.m. on January 14 , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Lt. David Thompson told CNN Friday . He detected "  a little sense of entitlement " from the 19-year-old pop star , although he said Bieber was cooperative . Bieber did n't use foul language , Thompson said , as he allegedly did with police in Miami when he was arrested there early Wednesday . Deputies had a search warrant to look for evidence connected to an egg assault on a neighboring mansion five days earlier , which caused damage that will cost at least $ 20,000 to repair , Thompson said . "  The house does operate much like a fraternity house and much of the same stuff that 's done there is going to be done across the country , " Thompson said . "  But the house next door is usually another fraternity house . It 's not usually a mansion that can sustain this damage . " Bieber has decorated the living room of his $ 6.5 million home with ping pong and pool tables , a Ms. PacMan video game and a basketball free-throw machine , Thompson said . The main feature of his back yard is a skateboard ramp covered with spray-painted graffiti . "  It was kind of like a fraternity house , but no signs of drugs , " Thompson said , contradicting some media reports that deputies overlook evidence of illegal drug use . "  I walked through every room of the house . I was the third person through the door . So , it 's not hearsay . I did n't see any of that . " A deputy did find suspected illegal drugs at the bedside of Bieber house guest Lil Za -- real name Xavier Smith . Lab tests returned to investigators Friday confirmed one of the drugs in the 20-year-old rapper 's possession was MDMA -- also known as Molly or Ecstasy , Thompson said . Lil Za has been charged with a felony drug charge . "  If there 's other things , such as drugs , that are right there in plain view , then we 're going to deal with that as well , which we did , " he said . "  But our goal in going in there was the security video . " Detectives seized the computer that controls the extensive security video system protecting Bieber 's sprawling estate . What it recorded the night of the alleged egging will be shown to prosecutors next week as they decide if Bieber should be charged with felony vandalism , he said . "  I believe there was some things captured on the video , " Thompson said Friday . "  We 're going over that right now . We will probably be done with that , I 'm assuming , today . We will then have a dialogue with the district attorney . " It will be up to the prosecutor to decide if the egg attack evidence justifies a felony vandalism charge against the singer . Bieber 's ` wake up call ' The knock on Bieber 's door last week was "  quite a wake-up call , " Thompson said . "  And he needs a wake-up call . " Deputies have responded "  numerous times " to complaints by Bieber 's neighbors about loud parties , fast driving and even an incident in which Bieber allegedly spat on a neighbor . But no charges have ever resulted . "  We do n't do search warrants to send messages , but make no mistake , we hope that messages are received , " Lt. Thompson said . "  We do search warrants to collect evidence , but this is a person who 's been wreaking havoc on the neighborhood , who 's been operating , basically , with impunity because he has n't spoken to us in the past about anything that went on . " Bieber apparently did n't take the warning to heart , based on the druken driving arrest in Miami Wednesday , Thompson said . The exclusive Oaks community in Calabasas is home to the rich and famous , including Michael Jackson 's mother and children . Britney Spears previously lived on the same street that Bieber moved to nearly two years ago . "  People move to that neighborhood -- which is a gated community -- for the peace , quiet , and tranquility that it provides , " Thompson said . "  So , Mr. Bieber 's past actions of loud parties , driving too fast , large numbers of people there , egging and what not are way out of character for anyone that lives in that neighborhood . " The sheriff 's department 's goal is "  to try to improve the quality of the neighborhood and make sure people get the help that they need , " he said . "  In some cases , that help is jail time . In some cases , that help is a wake-up call . "	"  Why you in my house , bro ? "  Justin Bieber asks deputy with a warrant Bieber 's mansion was "  like a fraternity house , but no signs of drugs , " detective says Ping pong , pool tables , Ms. PacMan and a basketball game fill the living room The egg probe evidence will likely go to the prosecutor next week , detective says
CNN  -- The death of James Gandolfini , best known as Tony Soprano on HBO 's "  The Sopranos , brought a wave of nostalgia and entrepreneurship to eBay on Wednesday night . "  Newly listed " items populated the online auction site . Vying for top billing were autographed photos , DVDs of the show and even a signed baseball  $ 149  . Given Soprano 's popularity , it brought a new meaning to No. 1 , with a bullet . There was tough guy James Gandolfini with arms crossed on the cover of season one of "  The Sopranos . " The collection doubled in value before the online gavel fell . Tough guy James Gandolfini with a pistol had a $ 55 bid . And a portrait of tough guy James Gandolfini smoking a cigar was going for 81 bucks . ` Sopranos , ' Gandolfini left mark on N.J. businesses Meanwhile , bids for a color 8-by-10 photo of the actor jumped nearly $ 50 shortly after news broke of Gandolfini 's death in Italy at age 51 . That photo sold for $ 261 . A search of eBay and craigslist showed a slew of items -- mostly autographed photos -- marking TV shows and movies in Gandolfini 's career . Entertainers , politicians mourn Gandolfini A signed photo on eBay came with the description , "  RIP JAMES GANDOLFINI 1961-2013 . " Another image , signed by five "  Sopranos " cast members , jumped from $ 152 to $ 255 by late Wednesday , with 22 hours of bidding to go . Best quotes from the mouth of Tony Soprano On craigslist , a "  The Sopranos " season premiere clock , labeled , "  extremely rare , " had been going for $ 25 . The complete series on DVD was listed at $ 175 . Its listing included this enticement : "  Lost scenes saved from the editing room . "	Hundreds of Gandolfini , "  The Sopranos " items featured on eBay Photographs most common But a "  Sopranos " clock is available
London , England  CNN  -- With only days to go before the U.N. High Level Panel puts forward its recommendations on development goals beyond 2015 , after the current Millennium Development Goals expire , progress towards gender equality and increased empowerment of women hangs in the balance . It is vital that this issue does not slip down the global agenda but retains its rightful position as one of the key , stand-alone development goals . The current goals contain a specific commitment to women 's equality and empowerment , which has -- while not perfect -- succeeded in putting the subject firmly on the global map , giving impetus and strength to organizations working in this field , in their relations with governments , their ability to push against cultural barriers , and their capacity to raise funds for their work . That 's why we 've seen some progress in recent years . More girls are going to school , and the gender gap in formal education is closing in the majority of countries . In some areas such as North Africa and the Middle East , more women than men are enrolled in tertiary education , but women have yet to catch up in political representation , technology , access to capital and management skills , to name but a few examples . In the discussions that are taking place about what will replace the Millennium Development Goals post-2015 , there are voices arguing for abandonment of this stand-alone commitment to women 's equality , in favor of a more generalized commitment to tackle ` inequality . ' Were these voices to carry the day , the negative effect on progress towards gender equality would be substantial , but crucially it would also undermine the cause of reducing ` inequality . ' This is because improving the status of women is crucial to tackling the very inequalities that it is suggested the new goals should focus on . Whether it 's making sure that children have access to education or health care , or bringing in more income for the family , so many of these core development goals are primarily delivered by women . Women are on the road to becoming drivers of their economies , running businesses , and creating jobs and opportunities within their communities and beyond . According to the World Bank , we need to create 600 million jobs globally by 2020 , mainly in developing countries , just to keep up with population growth . But we will inevitably fail to achieve employment targets unless many more women have economic opportunities . The more power they have , the more they can deliver . I have seen for myself how women 's financial independence delivers benefits to their families and to wider society . On a recent trip to Israel and Palestine , I spoke with some women entrepreneurs and asked them what they spent their money on and they said their families . On educating their children and taking care of their health . On investing back into their businesses and hiring additional employees . Not one had spent the income on themselves.Families , communities and economies suffer when women are treated as unequal to men . Furthermore , without female role models for future generations of women , progress will not just stall -- it will reverse . Leveling the playing field -- where women and men have equal chances to become economically , socially and politically active , make decisions , and shape policies -- is likely to lead over time to more representative , and more inclusive , institutions and policy choices and thus to a better development path . In order for us to achieve real progress in development , gender equality must be a standalone goal . I am not alone in this view . There are many others who have been calling for the same for months . The OECD has called for women and girls to be front and center in the post-2015 framework . The Gender and Development Network has convened 85 of the UK 's leading development NGOs and gender experts to ensure women 's empowerment is promoted in the next framework . Their most recent report argues that the next framework must tackle the underlying causes of gender inequality to achieve sustainable change . U.N. Women have called for a goal that includes issues specifically about women , such as eliminating violence against women and girls , expanding women 's choices and opportunities , ensuring their full participation in decision-making at all levels , and including targets and indicators that specifically relate to women . As the High-Level Panel on Post-2015 Development issue their recommendations , we must keep up the pressure . Women are at the heart of every family . They are the mothers , the carers , the managers , the peacemakers . But they can deliver so much more . As we look ahead to a new framework , we can not afford to let gender equality slip off the world agenda . Our future depends on it . Give women equality of opportunity and the rest will follow .	With Millennium Development Goals to expire , U.N. High Level Panel will meet to discuss post-2015 goals Cherie Blair wants gender equality to remain on U.N. global development goals She argues progress has been made , but more must be done to combat inequality
Virgin America ranked No. 1 in an annual airline rating report for the second consecutive year . Overall , the U.S. airline industry had its best-ever performance in 2013 on the Airline Quality Rating , released Monday . The statistical study of U.S. airlines , co-authored by aviation and marketing professors , has been conducted since 1991 . The airline ratings are determined using a formula that considers multiple factors in consumer decision-making . On-time performance receives the most weight in the formula , followed by denied boardings , mishandled baggage and customer complaints . Data for all the criteria are drawn from the U.S. Department of Transportation 's monthly Air Travel Consumer Report . The world 's busiest airport is ... Virgin America , the top overall scorer , had a slight dip in its on-time performance in 2013 from 2012 , dropping to 82.1 % from 83.5 % . The airline had the best record for baggage handling in 2013 among all the airlines rated . The U.S. airline industry saw an overall improvement in 2013 over 2012 , according to the study , despite declines in two of four areas considered . "  I think generally speaking for the last several years we 've been in a pretty good place from a performance standpoint , " said study co-author Dean Headley , an associate professor of marketing at Wichita State University . The Airline Quality Rating is conducted jointly by Headley and Brent Bowen , a professor and dean at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University . "  As an industry we 're in a good spot . People seem to be flying . Price is n't scaring them away , which seems to be what people look at most , " Headley said . What does n't always match up with performance is consumer perception of air travel , he said . The ratings do n't assess airfares . On-time performance for U.S. airlines dropped in 2013 from 2012 , with 78.4 % of arrivals on time in 2013 , compared with 81.8 % in 2012 . The number of mishandled bags jumped in 2013 , from 3.07 per 1,000 passengers in 2012 to 3.21 in 2013 . Hawaiian Airlines had the best on-time performance -- 93.3 % -- among the 15 U.S. airlines rated , while American Eagle 's 72.1 % on-time arrivals put it at the bottom of the pack . Industry performance improved in two of the four areas considered , with fewer denied boardings and customer complaints in 2013 than 2012 . Southwest Airlines had the lowest consumer complaint rate of all airlines -- 0.34 per 100,000 passengers . Southwest routinely has the fewest customer complaints among U.S. airlines . Frontier had the highest rate of customer complaints , with 3.09 per 100,000 passengers . The industry is definitely in a period of readjustment , Headley said . United-Continental is still ironing out its merger , and the Southwest-AirTran and American-US Airways mergers still have a way to go . Things are bound to change for consumers , he said . "  I would stay flexible , as always . When you 're traveling by air , you may have your favorite carrier , routes and times , but stay flexible . Everything 's on the block at some point . " Here are the rankings of the U.S. carriers evaluated by the rating : 1 . Virgin America 2 . JetBlue 3 . Hawaiian 4 . Delta 5 . Alaska 6 . Endeavor Air 7 . US Airways 8 . Southwest 9 . American 10 . AirTran 11 . Frontier 12 . United 13 . ExpressJet 14 . SkyWest 15 . American Eagle	Virgin America tops Airline Quality Rating for U.S. airlines The rating represents a weighted average of multiple consumer-oriented factors In 2013 , the industry had its best-ever performance since the ratings were launched in 1991
CNN  -- An Orthodox Jewish man apparently preparing to pray prompted authorities to divert a Louisville , Kentucky-bound US Airways Express plane Thursday . FBI spokesman J.J. Klaver said there appeared to be no threat from the man , who was described as wearing something on his head that included leather pieces . The description appeared to match that of tefillin , or phylacteries , which Orthodox Jewish men wear during prayer . The flight had taken off from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , the FBI said , and was diverted to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The Transportation Security Administration said it was notified of what it called a disruptive passenger on Flight 3079 , operated by Chautauqua Airlines , around 8:30 a.m. ET , and the plane landed without incident at Philadelphia International Airport about 20 minutes later . US Airways spokesman Morgan Durrant said the diversion was a "  security precaution " for the 50-seat ERJ 145 . It was not immediately clear how many passengers were on board . Earlier , Durrant said the flight had been evacuated , but the TSA did not offer any details on whether that had occurred . TSA and law enforcement officials met the flight , interviewed the passenger and did a security sweep of the plane without finding anything of concern , the agency said . CNN 's Evan Buxbaum contributed to this report .	US Airways Express plane bound for Kentucky diverted to Pennsylvania Orthodox Jewish man preparing to pray apparently prompted authorities to divert flight FBI spokesman says there appeared to be no threat from the man Airline spokesman earlier cited "  security precaution " for diversion
CNN  -- Rescue efforts were starting Tuesday night at a mine in northern Mexico where 14 workers were trapped after an explosion , authorities said . A local civil protection official said toxic gases had dissipated enough to allow rescuers to begin exploring the mine 's tunnels , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Rescuers will work all night at the mine , and Chilean experts will visit the site Wednesday to help , Mexican Labor Secretary Javier Lozano Alarcon said in a post on his Twitter account . An explosion occurred Tuesday morning at the mine , located just outside Sabinas , Mexico , Mayor Jesus Montemayor Garza said . By Tuesday night , authorities had not determined whether the miners inside were alive . A 15-year-old worker was seriously injured in the blast . He was transported to a hospital and had both arms amputated , Mexico 's attorney general 's office said in a statement . Lozano took a critical tone in another Twitter post , as rescue operations began , saying "  having a minor working here " was a "  fault of the owner of this ` mine . ' " Lozano said the mine had only been operating for 20 days and had 25 workers who were not unionized . The owner of the mine is a company known as Binsa , the statement from Mexico 's attorney general 's office said . "  It 's very painful for us , " Montemayor said . "  At this time we do n't know if the 14 miners trapped are dead or alive . It 's going to be a complicated operation because of the way the mine shaft was built . " The shaft at the mine is 60 meters  197 feet  deep , he said . Sixteen rescuers from the Coahuila state civil protection agency were working at the site , and 20 other rescuers were in the area ready to relieve the first group , the mayor said . Federal authorities are investigating what caused the explosion , the attorney general 's office said . Sabinas is in the coal production center of Mexico and has a museum dedicated to the history of coal mining . Several chapters of that history , however , have been tragic . In 2006 , in the nearby town of San Juan de Sabinas , 65 miners perished after an explosion in the mine where they were working . Explosive gas inside the mine hindered the rescue of the miners at the Pasta de Conchos mine , which the government eventually abandoned . Cristina Auerbach , a representative of an association representing families of miners who were killed in 2006 , said the army had surrounded the area of Tuesday 's blast . Mexican President Felipe Calderon said federal authorities were working with state officials to coordinate the rescue effort . "  We are praying that they are alive , and we are working and doing everything possible that is within our reach to rescue them , " he said , according to Notimex . CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico 's labor secretary says Chilean experts will visit the site Wednesday NEW : In a Twitter post , he says the mine had 25 employees and had operated for 20 days NEW : Rescuers plan to work all night at the mine , located in northern Mexico The fate of the miners inside is unknown
Health.com  -- Pamela Sakuda , 57 , was anxious and depressed . After two years of intensive chemotherapy for late-stage colon cancer , and having outlived her prognosis by several months , she 'd finally lost hope . She was living in fear and was worried how her impending death would affect her husband . Sakuda 's doctor prescribed antidepressants , but they did n't do any good . So , at her wits ' end and feeling that she had nothing to lose , Sakuda volunteered for an experimental depression treatment being studied at UCLA . In January 2005 , with a pair of trained therapists at her side , Sakuda took a pill of psilocybin -- a hallucinogen better known as the active ingredient in "  magic mushrooms . " It may seem far-fetched that a psychedelic drug associated with muddy hippies at Woodstock would help a cancer patient at a university hospital . Yet it 's an increasingly familiar scene . Although mind-bending drugs such as psilocybin are still used most often by people looking to get high , researchers around the country have begun to explore whether these and other illegal drugs can help treat intractable depression , anxiety , and other mental-health problems . Health.com : Should you take antidepressants ? In the past month alone , studies have been published on the benefits of MDMA  better known as Ecstasy  in people with post-traumatic stress disorder and on the fast-acting antidepressive effects of the club drug ketamine  aka "  Special K "  . The study in which Sakuda took part is scheduled to appear in a major journal in early September . So far the studies have been small , but the results have been encouraging and bigger trials are on the horizon . Drugs such as psilocybin and Ecstasy can be dangerous in the wrong hands . But when taken under professional supervision and combined with therapy , researchers say , just one or two doses can help patients unlock the sources of their troubles and experience therapeutic breakthroughs that otherwise might take months or years . "  It can be like psychotherapy sped up , " says psychiatrist Stephen Ross , M.D. , an addiction expert at New York University who is leading a study on psilocybin treatment in cancer patients with severe anxiety . "  Their defenses are lowered , -LSB- and -RSB- they have enormous access to unconscious material . " Psilocybin revitalized Sakuda . As the effects of the drug were wearing off , the therapists called in her husband , Norbert Litzinger , to see her . "  There 's my Pammy , " Litzinger recalls thinking . "  She 's just beaming with light , and I have n't seen that joyousness for so long . She was just totally alive , she was totally happy . " Health.com : 7 types of therapy that can help depression The return of the acid test Scientists have been investigating the therapeutic effects of hallucinogens , MDMA , and other synthetic drugs since the 1940s . In perhaps the most famous example , a team of researchers led by psychologist Timothy Leary explored the effects of psilocybin and LSD  lysergic acid diethylamide , or "  acid "  in a series of experiments conducted at Harvard University in the early 1960s . But research into the potential benefits of psychedelic drugs ground to a halt in the early 1970s , after the federal government criminalized LSD and psilocybin -- and after the drugs were eagerly adopted by college students and the hippie counterculture . "  These studies had to be shut down because of the cultural reaction , " says Charles Grob , M.D. , a professor of psychiatry at the Harbor-UCLA Medical Center , in Torrance , California , and the lead researcher of the study that included Sakuda . "  It kind of tarnished the image of the entire field . " The new wave of research on psychedelics -- "  version 2.0 , " as Ross calls it -- began in the early 1990s , when the Food and Drug Administration sanctioned a few preliminary studies on psilocybin and MDMA .  The latter had been used in psychotherapy beginning in the 1970s , without the FDA 's blessing , and was ultimately outlawed in 1985 .  The research has picked up dramatically in the past few years . Health.com : Supplements for depression : what works The researchers are "  going at it in the right way this time , " says Bruce Stadel , M.D. , a retired FDA medical officer who has been following the new crop of studies . "  These drugs in the 60s were just let loose without any proper study . -LSB- Now -RSB- they 're going through the FDA , through the process of clinical trials . " Researchers have not been able to get federal grants , however . While the FDA has signed off on the studies , they have all been privately funded , most notably by nonprofit organizations such as the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies  MAPS  , in Santa Cruz , California , and the Heffter Research Institute , in Santa Fe , New Mexico . Do n't try this at home The psilocybin study Ross is leading at NYU is typical of the new-generation research . On two separate occasions during the nine-month study , which is being funded by the Heffter Research Institute , patients are given a silver chalice containing either a psilocybin pill or a placebo . The patient then lies down on a brown sofa surrounded by artwork , sculptures of Buddha , and , on a nearby bookshelf , a little glass mushroom with a red cap . For the next six hours , the patient listens , with eyes shaded , to a combination of classical , Eastern , and tribal music . A pair of therapists -- who do n't know whether the patient has taken an active drug or placebo -- stay in the room for support , though they encourage the patient to remain in a meditative state . This may sound a bit trippy . But the science behind the research is sound , says Franz Vollenweider , M.D. , a psychiatrist at the University of Zurich , in Switzerland , and a member of the Heffter Research Institute 's board of directors . According to Vollenweider , who has conducted brain-imaging studies on the effects of psychedelics and MDMA , these drugs appear to affect levels of serotonin and other chemicals in the body and brain that help regulate mood . Health.com : Could hallucinogenic drugs have healing properties ? When everything goes well , the drugs induce a "  peaceful and blissful " state of unity with oneself and the cosmos , resulting in a new level of self-awareness and knowledge that can make an individual more responsive to cognitive therapy and other forms of psychotherapy , Vollenweider says .  Ironically , the drugs show promise in the treatment of alcohol addiction , he adds . In cancer patients such as Sakuda , "  these spiritually oriented altered states ... potentially allow patients to have an abrupt shift of consciousness from being scared about dying and feeling their life is over , " says Grob . "  It was quite remarkable to me to see changes in these people who were very anxious and in distress , and -LSB- to -RSB- see how they got better . " But it 's not always a smooth trip . Depending on the dose , as well as an individual 's personality , the drugs can elicit fear , anxiety , paranoia , and , in some cases , a state akin to psychosis . "  It 's not so easy -- it can be excruciatingly painful , " says Grob . "  Those six hours that one is immersed in the experience can feel like the longest hours in a person 's life . " For this reason , the drugs should only be given in exact doses in a carefully controlled setting , researchers say . Moreover , months of follow-up therapy are recommended to sort through the insights gleaned during the session and to ensure that they are applied productively to everyday life . A prescription for psilocybin ? The early results of the new research are promising . In the MDMA study published in July , for instance , 10 of the 12 people who took the drug no longer met the criteria for post-traumatic stress two months later . And all five of the patients that have enrolled in Ross 's study so far -- eventually it will include a few dozen -- have shown significant decreases in anxiety and depression . Health.com : Can Ecstasy help ease post-traumatic stress ? "  They 've all improved , " Ross says . "  There appears to be something there . " Researchers hope that if the ongoing preliminary studies prove the safety and effectiveness of these drugs for certain treatments , the government will step in to fund larger trials . Rick Doblin , Ph.D. , the founder and president of MAPS , says that this could happen in the next three years . But do n't expect to get a prescription for magic mushrooms from your psychiatrist any time soon . It will likely be a decade before the FDA approves a psychedelic as medicine , if it does so at all , says Doblin . The most likely candidate is MDMA for post-traumatic stress , he adds . "  What we 're trying to move towards is this legitimization of this field of psychedelic medicine , but we have to do it through the FDA , one drug at a time . " Petros Levounis , M.D. , an addiction psychiatrist at the Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons , in New York City , and a former chair of the American Psychiatric Association 's committee on addiction treatment , emphasizes that psychedelics are far from being a mainstream treatment . "  This is a line of research that does have some data that show a potential for some positive outcomes , " he says . "  But we are very , very far from recommending hallucinogens for the treatment of terminally ill patients . " Still , the experiences of people like Sakuda hold out hope for people who have struggled to overcome depression and anxiety . Health.com : 10 things to say  and not say  to someone with depression Sakuda 's depression gradually lifted after her psilocybin session , which her husband credits with bringing about an "  epiphany " and a "  revival . " Her depression and anxiety had prevented her from being active and enjoying life , but before long she and her husband were going to concerts again and hiking the north rim of the Grand Canyon . Meanwhile , Sakuda 's cancer had continued to spread . On November 10 , 2006 , she died at home in her husband 's arms , just a few days after speaking at a fund-raiser for the Heffter Research Institute , which funded Grob 's study . In a video on the institute 's website , Sakuda described the surge of emotion and newfound perspective that she experienced on psilocybin , and which had such an impact on the final years of her life . "  I do n't think the drug is the cause of these things , " she said . "  I think it 's a catalyst that allows you to release your own thoughts and feelings from some place -LSB- where -RSB- you 've bound them very tightly . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Researchers are exploring whether psychedelic drugs can treat mental-health problems Studies have been published on the benefits of Ecstasy in people with PTSD When taken under professional supervision , one or two doses can help patients recover
CNN  -- It 's a truth of the digital age . When a person is plucked from obscurity , for good reasons or bad , the first thing curiosity-seekers do is turn to the Web . Facebook or Twitter . LinkedIn or Tumblr . We expect social media to shed light on a person 's personality , especially when , as in the case of Colorado shooting suspect James Holmes , we 're trying to explain the unexplainable . As it turns out , 24-year-old Holmes , who stands accused of killing 12 people and wounding dozens more during a shooting spree at a movie theater Friday , appears to have left virtually no digital footprint . Media and law enforcement investigating the shootings have found no traces of him online , aside from a possible account on Adult Friend Finder , a romantic meet-up site , according to police . Former colleague shocked that Holmes is theater shooting suspect It 's impossible , of course , to draw broad conclusions about his mindset based on the fact that he did n't share online . But Holmes ' lack of an online presence has emerged as a piece of the puzzle for people looking for answers . "  We could ask the same questions about the lack of Web presence that we could for anyone who isolates themselves . Was he socially isolated in all senses ? " asked Dr. Pamela Rutledge , director of the Media Psychology Research Center . "  We know that social isolation can amplify the negative consequences of stress and increase the risk of developing psychopathology . Some research has shown that social isolation actually delays the positive effects of activities found to be emotionally beneficial , such as exercise . ... What we do n't know is what caused Holmes to have such a break with reality . " Whatever his reasons , the lack of an online presence puts Holmes squarely in the minority among his peers . About 81 % of 18 - to 29-year-olds in the United States use social media at least occasionally , said Lee Rainie , director of the Pew Research Center 's Internet & American Life Project . And surveys show that college students like Holmes , who was a graduate neurosciences student at the University of Colorado , are even more likely to use the sites . But Rainie says it would be a mistake to draw a direct line between his decision to eschew social networking and a mindset that led to the alleged violence . "  It 's not the norm for someone of this age to have such a limited presence , in any form : no blogs , no profile on a photo-sharing site and things like that , " Rainie said . "  But it 's also a mistake to think the everyone in this age cohort is living every minute of their lives with social media . That 's not the case . " Massacre suspect spooked gun range manager The survey did n't ask respondents for specific reasons that they choose not to engage online . But Rainie said Pew has heard numerous reasons , from concerns about wasting time to privacy concerns to simply preferring face-to-face interaction . In a Pew survey from November , two-thirds of respondents  67 %  said that staying in touch with current friends is a major reason they use social media , and half gave similar importance to connecting with old friends . Only 3 % said that finding a romantic partner was a major reason for their of digital networking tools . "  It 's certainly an interesting element of his life that  Holmes  had such a limited digital presence , " Rainie said . "  But it 's not necessarily the case that this means anything about the quality of his social world . " Dr. Tomas Chamorro-Premuzic , a professor of business psychology at University College of London , has studied the impact of Internet use on mental health . He too says it 's impossible to nail down its significance at this point but listed a set of possibilities , from a sense of isolation to distaste for Facebook as an emblem of "  the status quo " to something perhaps even more sinister . "  He  possibly  did not want to have any reputation other than for what he was planning to do , like someone who saves himself for the big stage or a single lead role , " Chamorro-Premuzic said . Similar attacks in the recent past have , in some cases , painted a different picture . Jared Lee Loughner , charged in the January 2011 shootings in Tucson , Arizona , that killed six people and wounded congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords , was active on MySpace and YouTube , among other online networks . Anders Behring Breivik was 32 when he killed 69 people , mostly teenagers , at summer camp in Norway in July 2011 . Breivik was a prolific blogger who was active on Facebook , Twitter and other sites . He posted a video to YouTube only hours before his shooting rampage . By contrast , reporters looking into the mindset of Seung-Hui Cho , the 23-year-old student who killed 32 people and wounded 25 others in an April 2007 massacre at Virginia Tech , found almost no traces of him online . Shooting survivors recount Colorado movie theater horror The lack of a digital footprint for Holmes has created some unpleasantness for an unexpected group : people who share his relatively common name , live in the area of the shooting and do have a Web presence . "  It amazes me how insensitive , heartless and just plain old IGNORANT some people are in this world , " a different James Holmes , this one a fitness instructor who , like the suspect , lives in Aurora , wrote on his Facebook page . "  In the last 24 hours I have received hate mail , racist remarks , and sexual advances . I have over 400 friend requests in which a quarter of those are ppl mocking the real killer to gain attention and this was all AFTER the identity of the real killer was revealed ... " James P. Holmes , who lives in the Denver area , left a similar note on Facebook , albeit in a more wry tone . "  I am not a 24-year-old gun-slinging killer from Aurora , I am a 22-year-old book-slinging mass eater from Littleton ... , " he wrote . "  James Holmes happens to be a pretty common name , surprisingly , so try not to jump the gun . Regards , A different guy named James Holmes . " With few , if any , conclusions to draw , Rutledge said the most interesting observation about society as a whole may be how surprised we are that the suspect did not use social media . "  It 's a testimony to how normal participating in the social media world is when we look at the lack of presence as an anomaly , " she said . "  We wonder ,  ` What 's wrong with this guy that he 's not at least on Facebook ? ' " Grief counselors offer solace amid tragedy Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America Victims of Colorado massacre remembered with poignant stories CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	James Holmes , the Colorado shooting suspect , has no social media presence Psychologists say it could suggest isolation , resentment toward society 81 % of 18 - to 29-year-olds are on social networking sites , Pew says Others with the same name are being harassed on Facebook
CNN  -- "  I did not really realize I was getting life until the date of sentencing . When my attorney told me , I told him that I wanted to take back my guilty plea ... they denied me . " Timothy Tyler says his life ended when he was 23-years-old . That was two decades ago , when he was arrested and later sentenced to a mandatory double-life term in prison without the possibility of parole for conspiracy to possess LSD with intent to distribute . A self-described "  Deadhead , " Tyler was busted after mailing five grams of the hallucinogenic drug to a friend who was working as an informant for the federal government . He 's had more than 20 years to fixate on that moment , years of "  what ifs " and "  whys . " More than 20 years of feeling like he died , until now . Changes on the horizon Though the Obama administration has been campaigning for prison reform for some time , it has recently begun to take concrete steps to alleviate overcrowded federal prisons that are flooded with non-violent offenders . The Justice Department announced changes to its clemency criteria this week , a move that will likely lead to a wave of sentence commutation requests being sent to President Barack Obama by thousands of prisoners who 've been convicted of non-violent drug crimes . "  We are launching this clemency initiative in order to quickly and effectively identify appropriate candidates , candidates who have a clean prison record , do not present a threat to public safety , and were sentenced under out-of-date laws that have since been changed , and are no longer seen as appropriate , " Deputy Attorney General James Cole said at a news conference Wednesday . The clemency changes would be open to prisoners who have met a set of specific conditions : they must be low-level , non-violent offenders without a significant criminal history and must be serving a federal sentence that would likely be shorter if they were convicted today . They must have served at least 10 years of their sentence and have demonstrated good conduct in prison , with no history of violence before or during their prison term . The pending changes are the latest step in an ongoing effort Attorney General Eric Holder calls "  Smart on Crime , " which also seeks to remedy the once-common wide disparity in sentences handed down over powder versus crack cocaine , based on guidelines first enacted by Congress more than 25 years ago . In January , Holder urged Congress to pass the bipartisan "  Smarter Sentencing Act , " which would allow judicial leniency in the sentencing of those convicted of federal non-violent drug crimes . And in April , the U.S. Sentencing Commission voted unanimously to back a Justice Department proposal to change the sentencing formula for drug offenders that could shorten prison stays for as many as 70 % of federal drug defendants . "  This reduction in the federal sentencing guidelines , while modest , sends a strong message about the need to reserve the harshest penalties for the most serious crimes , " Holder commented . Of the more than 200,000 inmates in the federal prison system , some estimates show the new clemency criteria could apply to about 2,000 prisoners . But the number is likely to fall to perhaps hundreds after government lawyers review the applications . Sentencing guidelines The history of federal mandatory minimum sentencing for drug offenses dates back to the 1950s , when a mandatory 10-year sentence could be imposed for crimes such as selling heroin to a juvenile . In the 60s , then-President Richard Nixon proposed sentencing reforms that would eventually result in nearly all mandatory minimum penalties for drug offenses being repealed . But the alarming rise of cocaine use , particularly crack cocaine , in the 1980s sent Congress scrambling to react to the epidemic and prompted the hasty revival of the laws that had been viewed so unfavorably two decades before . Though the primary goal of legislation such as The Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1986 was to target and successfully prosecute "  kingpins " or major drug traffickers , thousands of low-level offenders , like Tyler , have been swept up and imprisoned based on outdated guidelines . While he understands why some may have trouble sympathizing with a three-time drug offender , Tyler offers perspective . "  A life sentence , people do n't really understand it . A man raped his daughter , got probation . A man killed people with his car , got probation . They do n't understand . If they did 10 days in jail they would understand ... they ca n't comprehend . " In 1991 , Tyler was a fixture in the Grateful Dead fan community . His days were often spent crisscrossing the country alongside fellow "  Deadheads . " Now , his days are spent alongside convicted murderers and rapists , his nights locked down at 9:45 p.m. "  I actually thought that I would get 262 months-327 months , which is a lot of time , but it had a release date , " he explained . Tyler was arrested on his way to a Grateful Dead concert in California and was eventually extradited back to Florida , the state in which he mailed his LSD delivery . On the day he was sentenced , he tried his best to conceal his emotions for the sake of his sister , who was present in the courtroom . But "  once I walked out of the courtroom while seeing my sister 's eyes tearing up , I could not hold back my own , " he remembered . Crack cocaine at heart of once-common sentencing disparity Would n't take plea deal Tyler was initially offered a plea bargain with a 10-year sentence in exchange for testimony against his co-defendants . Had he accepted the deal , he would have been released about 10 years ago . But the decision was n't that easy . One of his co-defendants was his own father . Tyler maintains that his father had never ingested LSD , but like his son , was only assisting a friend in obtaining the drug . Tyler did not testify against his father , who was convicted on a lesser offense . "  My dad was just helping his friend acquire some because he knew I was able to get it , " Tyler told CNN over the phone from Canaan Federal Prison in Pennsylvania . "  He certainly did not think he could get 10 years for a simple envelope . " Admittedly , Tyler was an avid user of LSD and was often called upon by friends to procure the illegal drug , which was often in abundance at Grateful Dead concerts . "  When I was arrested , me and my friends considered LSD to be sacred or a sacrament , " he said . And though his two previous encounters with law enforcement for similar crimes had resulted only in probation , his third offense triggered the federal government 's mandatory sentencing guidelines that would ensure he never spends another day as a free man . According to Tyler , his public defender never explained to him the federal minimum mandatory guidelines , and by the time he did learn about them , it was too late . The guidelines did not allow the judge to take into consideration Tyler 's age , mental state , drug addiction , or the absence of violence when he decided his punishment . The guilty plea he thought would soften his sentence and spare his father effectively ended Tyler 's chances of ever stepping outside of prison again . "  I loved my father just like I loved my adopted family at the concerts , so I could not go against him or them . " Following sentencing they sat together in prison , father and son , contemplating the bleak future that awaited them both . "  He did tell me after sentencing while we were in the same jail together that he would not live long enough to complete his sentence , " Tyler remembers . His father 's premonitions proved true when he passed away in federal prison in April of 2001 , with only 18 months left to serve . Does the punishment fit the crime ? Tyler 's supporters -- including his most ardent advocate , his sister Carrie -- do n't think his punishment fits his crime . "  I do n't think I 've done more wrong to society than has been done to me , " Tyler explains . He ca n't help but get emotional thinking of his father . "  My dad died in prison , how much blood does society feel they need ? " Many of his supporters believe that minimum mandatory sentencing is an inhumane and inefficient way to fight the war on drugs . More than 300,000 people have signed a change.org petition calling for clemency in Tyler 's case . In addition , groups such as Families Against Mandatory Minimums , the ACLU , and the Clemency Project are lobbying for his release . "  People have been becoming more aware , evolving it seems . Based on that and the current President and Attorney General Holder , maybe there is hope for others too because there are about 3,700 others who are doing life for non-violent -LSB- offenses -RSB- , " Tyler explains . And though legislation such as the "  Smarter Sentencing Act " is a perfect example of the turning tide on the issue , Tyler says only one person can help him gain his freedom . "  The only thing I can wish for now is a commutation of sentence from the President . " Considering that Obama issued clemency in December of 2013 for eight non-violent drug offenders , and the recent changes in clemency criteria , this is n't out of the realm of possibility . While daydreaming about freedom may be a nice thought for Tyler , he 's cautiously optimistic about his chances of actually being released . "  I never thought about it 'til recently . I never thought about it but I have some supporters out there and maybe I will . I know my sister is wishing that would happen . " As he waits , Tyler -- or Inmate # 99672-012 -- takes it one day at a time . "  I hold out , live day to day , stay healthy , keep a positive attitude . " "  I can beat any man around in handball , which is a big thing in prison . " Rules change means more drug offenders eligible for clemency CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Tyler is among the thousands serving life sentences for non-violent drug crimes The Justice Department recently announced changes in clemency rules The new criteria could shorten prison stays for many inmates
CNN  -- Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya returned Monday to the capital city of Honduras , where he said he is planning to meet with his critics to arrange for his return to power . Zelaya was seized by the Honduran military in his pajamas and sent into exile on June 28 . In the capital of Tegucigalpa , the interim government ordered a curfew from 4 p.m. Monday until 6 p.m. Tuesday , said journalist Erin Sandoval . "  I have never seen the sky so blue and beautiful , " he told CNN en Espaol in a telephone call from the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa . It was Zelaya 's first view of the city since June 28 , when he was awakened by soldiers who then put him , still in his pajamas , on a plane out of the country . "  I have returned so that dialogue can carry on in my own land and in my own city , " he said . "  I hope that in the next few hours we 'll be able to communicate with the coup plotters . " "  For the moment , thanks to -LSB- Brazilian -RSB- President -LSB- Luiz Inacio -RSB- Lula , ... we have protection here . " Zelaya called on the armed forces to allow the matter to be resolved through dialogue . "  They 're members of the pueblo , " he said . "  We look for immediate dialogue . ... Our position is peaceful , it always has been . " He said thousands of people had taken to the streets of the city in support of his return . Zelaya said he spent Sunday night in Guatemala , and that his trip to Tegucigalpa took more than 15 hours . "  There was a lot of security and roadblocks , " he said . "  There is a lot of persecution , a lot of fear in our country . " At the United Nations , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Costa Rican President Oscar Arias expressed hope that Zelaya 's return could break the impasse with the Micheletti government and restore the ousted leader to office . "  Now that President Zelaya is back it would be opportune to restore him to his position under appropriate circumstances -- get on with the election that is currently scheduled for November , have a peaceful transition of presidential authority and get Honduras back to constitutional and democratic order , " Clinton said . And Arias told reporters that Zeyala 's return was "  the best opportunity " to move forward with the San Jose Accord he negotiated . "  It 's all we have on the table , " he said . "  There is no B plan . " In a written statement , the secretary general of the Organization for American States , Jose Miguel Insulza , confirmed Zelaya 's presence in the embassy and called on "  the actors involved in this process " to be calm . He said the de facto government "  should make themselves responsible for the security of President Zelaya and of the Brazilian Embassy . " Zelaya 's return comes as the United States has stepped up its call for the current Honduran government run by de facto leader Roberto Micheletti to restore Zelaya to power . Earlier this month , the United States revoked the visas of Micheletti , 14 supreme court judges and others . The United States also said it was terminating all non-humanitarian aid to Honduras in a bid to pressure the interim government to end the political turmoil and accept the terms of the San Jose Accord , which was brokered by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias . The accord calls for Zelaya 's return to power . The political crisis stemmed from Zelaya 's plan to hold a referendum that could have changed the constitution and allowed longer term limits . The country 's congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court had ruled it illegal . Micheletti and his supporters say that Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power and not a coup . The United Nations has condemned Zelaya 's ouster and does not recognize Micheletti 's government . While the United States has called Zelaya 's ouster a coup , it has not formally designated it a "  military coup , " which , under U.S. law , would have triggered a cutoff of all non-humanitarian aid . Senior State Department officials said the Obama administration was reluctant to make the formal designation in order to preserve its flexibility for a diplomatic solution . A presidential campaign in Honduras kicked off this month . However , the United States said it would not support the outcome of the elections unless Zelaya was restored to power .	NEW : Interim government imposes a curfew in the capital city Jose Manuel Zelaya was removed from office in June U.S. said it 's terminating certain aid to Honduras to pressure interim government Zelaya was at the Brazilian embassy in the capital , Tegucigalpa
If you were hoping to be done with winter , Punxsutawney Phil had some good news for you -- spring is on the way . After the groundhog was summoned from his burrow at the Gobbler 's Knob hill in Punxsutawney , Pennsylvania , observers proclaimed that "  the prognosticator of all prognosticators " had not seen his shadow . Meanwhile , at New York 's Staten Island Zoo , fellow groundhog Staten Island Chuck also did n't see his shadow , agreeing that an early spring was on its way . But General Beauregard Lee , a Georgia groundhog , saw his shadow , signaling six more weeks of winter . Punxsutawney 's celebration goes back 127 years . The tradition goes back to medieval times when there was a superstition that all hibernating animals emerged from their caves and dens to check the weather on Candlemas , which is halfway between the winter solstice in December and the vernal equinox in March . If the animals saw their shadows , winter would go on for another six weeks , and they could go back to sleep , according to the tradition . Much of the United States has seen extreme highs and lows in temperatures in recent weeks , taking folks from shorts and T-shirt weather to conditions that require heavy coats and gloves . Here 's what Phil indicated in the last few years , according to Groundhog.org : 2012 : "  Many shadows do I see , six more weeks of winter it must be . " 2011 : "  No shadow , spring is near ! " 2010 : "  Phil saw his shadow and told his prediction to new Inner Circle President Bill Deeley . " 2009 : "  Phil saw his shadow and Inner Circle President Bill Cooper completed his final interpretation and retired at Gobbler 's Knob . It was 7:26 a.m. " 2008 : "  It was 29 degrees . In front of one of the largest crowds ever at Gobbler 's . "	Punxsutawney Phil misses his shadow As legend goes , that means an early spring Last year , he predicted colder temperatures Georgia groundhog sees more winter
CNN  -- As Asiana Airlines Flight 214 flew into San Francisco International Airport on Saturday , the Boeing 777 's 291 passengers did n't know that the man at the controls had never landed this kind of plane at this airport before . Could that have contributed to the crash , which resulted in the deaths of two teenage passengers ? No one knows for sure , including federal investigators who have n't ruled out pilot error in their investigation . The plane crashed while trying to land on a runway that starts at the edge of San Francisco Bay . It lumbered in too low and too slow , investigators say , and then tried to increase speed to go around for another landing . Instead , the plane hit the runway , cracked in two , spun out of control and caught fire . Does it matter that the pilot at the time -- aviation veteran Lee Kang-kuk -- has only 43 hours of flying time in the 777 ? South Korea 's Asiana Airlines says Lee has flown the model nine times . Asiana flight attendants hailed as heroes It 's "  highly significant , " former Department of Transportation Inspector General Mary Schiavo said Monday , particularly how he came across the water and over the seawall , she said . If the pilot was going to avert danger , Schiavo said , he needed to take action well before the plane reached that seawall . Lee knew how to fly . An experienced pilot for Asiana , Lee had more than 10,000 hours in other kinds of aircraft , the airline says , although it 's still unknown which types . Lee was legally qualified to fly the plane , Schiavo said . But he was also flying during a period when he was trying to build up additional hours of 777 cockpit time to "  gain comfort at the controls and experience flying the plane under certain conditions . " This new wrinkle in the mystery surrounding the crash raises questions about how pilots are trained to fly new aircraft . Training varies from country to country . In the U.S. , the Federal Aviation Administration requires even the most experienced pilots to undergo rigorous training to learn how to fly different types of planes . The new development calls into question the protocol of the cockpit and whether the flight crew is encouraged to question a pilot 's decisions . Is Lee a greenhorn when it comes to flying the 777 ? Shock and survival : Crash through the eyes of children Pilots will tell you that 43 hours of real-world experience flying a new type of aircraft is not a lot . Someone with that amount of time is still "  new to the airplane , " said Mark Weiss , an aviation consultant and 20-year airline pilot . The widely accepted threshold for an experienced pilot in any aircraft is generally about 100 hours . Pilots generally learn how to fly new aircraft by undergoing many weeks of training at ground school classes and on plane simulators and , finally , by being shadowed by a "  check airman . " The check airman determines whether the trainee passes or will go back for more training . Among the four pilots aboard Flight 214 was a "  check pilot , " U.S. investigators said , who was monitoring Lee . Weiss flew 777s hundreds of times . Before that , he captained 727s , 737s and DC-10s . He knows what it 's like to be a veteran pilot who is learning how to fly a new kind of airliner . "  Typically in your career , you 're going to be changing airplanes all the time , " he said . "  This is a typical and normal transition . " The 777 is a pilot 's aircraft , Weiss said . It 's relatively easy to fly , especially if you 're experienced with other airliners . Does Boeing experience matter when it comes to flying a different model ? It does n't make it easier or harder , according to Weiss , but prior routines may influence piloting decisions . The Asiana pilot "  may have been thinking , ` the last airplane I flew , I know I could get it down from here . ' " Perhaps the 777 "  had characteristics different from the plane he flew before , " Weiss said . "  Those are things the  National Transportation Safety Board  will look at . " Did Asiana passengers ignore safety messages ? In addition to the 777 , Weiss knows San Francisco 's airport , having landed at the crash site -- Runway 28 Left -- hundreds of times during his long airline career . For Weiss and other pilots familiar with that runway , the bottom line is : There 's nothing problematic about it . "  Sometimes , the wind might be a little tricky , " Weiss said , but that 's about it . It 's routine for pilots with fewer than 100 hours of flight time on an aircraft to land at Runway 28 Left , Weiss said . A pilot 's general target zone is within the first third of the runway . Lee had flown into the airport before , according to Asiana , but this was his first time landing a 777 at SFO . Airline pilots who 've been following the story also want to know what happened in the cockpit . Did anyone other than the pilot notice that the plane was coming in too low and slow ? Did they alert the pilot that he needed to take action ? If not , why ? Interactive : What happened with Asiana Flight 214 ? This is all about the culture of the cockpit , pilots say . Airlines the U.S. and around the world have embraced the idea that officers should feel free to challenge authority if they have concerns . Decades ago , the captain 's word was unquestionable , making the commander essentially God of the Cockpit . How much -- if any -- of that culture existed in the cockpit of Flight 214 ? NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman said it 's important for the two pilots in charge of an aircraft during the "  very risky " landing phase to work closely together . Investigators have no evidence of cockpit communications problems , she said , but it 's something they will be looking at . Hersman also downplayed the significance of the pilot 's experience , saying it 's typical for pilots to change aircraft types . More answers may come from crew accounts . Hersman indicated Monday that her team had not completed interviews with the flight 's pilots and were waiting for South Korean investigators and interpreters . Those pilot interviews will probably form a large part of the evidence investigators use to determine what really happened in those crucial seconds before the tragic crash landing of Flight 214 . How does an air crash investigation work ?	Veteran at controls of Flight 214 had flown that type of plane only nine times before , airline says 777 veteran pilot says learning how to fly different airliners is not a big deal Ex-DOT official : It 's "  Highly significant " that pilot had never flown 777 into San Francisco Federal crash investigators have n't ruled out anything , including pilot error
A Cameroonian soldier was killed and 10 Chinese nationals went missing after a Boko Haram attack in northern Cameroon , officials from China , the United States and France said Saturday . No further details were immediately available on the circumstances of their disappearance , said Lu Quinjiang , first counselor of the Chinese Embassy in Yaounde , Cameroon 's capital . One Chinese national was injured in Friday night 's attack and was being treated by a Chinese medical team in the Chadian capital of N'Djamena , Lu said . French President Franois Hollande mentioned the incident Saturday while hosting a security summit in Paris about the growing threat from Boko Haram , the Nigeria-based terror group . Later , U.S. Undersecretary of State Wendy Sherman specified Boko Haram as being behind Friday 's attack in a region of Cameroon known to be a stronghold for the group . "  Cameroon just suffered its own Boko Haram attack at a Chinese company last night , " Sherman said , noting also that Boko Haram is to blame for the abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in Nigeria . Several African and Western nations stepped up their search for the girls under a new plan announced at the security summit . Boko Haram translates as "  Western education is a sin " in the Hausa language that 's the lingua franca in West and Central Africa . The militant group says its aim is to impose stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Boko Haram 's attacks have intensified in recent years . Cameroon attack Friday 's attack targeted employees of a Chinese company in the northern Cameroonian town of Waza , a few miles away from the Nigerian border . U.S. questions Nigeria 's rescue ability ; France hosts summit The Chinese embassy is working with Cameroon 's government to locate the missing workers , Lu said , and has asked for tighter security to protect Chinese nationals in the northern part of the country . The Chinese company , Sinohydro , is an engineering firm that builds large scale hydropower projects . It has been involved in the construction of the Memve'ele dam in southern Cameroon as part of the country 's effort to boost electricity production , according to the company 's website . Last year , a group of Boko Haram fighters crossed into northern Cameroon and abducted a French family of four children , their parents and an uncle from Waza National Park . The family was eventually released , reportedly in exchange for a $ 3 million ransom and the release of 16 Boko Haram prisoners held in Cameroon .	Boko Haram is behind the attack in Cameroon , a U.S. official says French President Franois Hollande says a Cameroonian soldier was killed One hurt , 10 missing after an attack against employees of a Chinese firm in Cameroon Attack took place in a northern Cameroon town regarded as a Boko Haram stronghold
New Delhi  CNN  -- Navy divers have recovered five bodies so far from an Indian navy submarine that exploded and sank in Mumbai this week , authorities said Saturday . The Indian government warned that there was almost no hope of finding any survivors among the 13 other sailors who were in the submarine when it was hit by the unexplained blast at a naval dockyard early Wednesday . Navy divers searching the trapped submarine for three days have recovered five bodies so far . Their task has been complicated by poor visibility inside the stricken submarine 's passageways , which are full of oily , muddy water and wreckage . Adding to their difficulties , the heat of the explosion warped some of the hatches inside the vessel , blocking the divers ' access to certain areas . The bodies found so far are unidentifiable because they were so severely burned , authorities said . They have been taken to a naval hospital for DNA identification . Searching ` every inch ' The state of the bodies and conditions inside the INS Sindhurakshak , a Russian-built submarine , mean that "  finding any surviving personnel within the submarine is unlikely , " the ministry said . "  The feasibility of locating bodies of personnel in the forward part of the submarine is also very remote , as the explosion and very high temperatures , which melted steel within , would have incinerated the bodies , too , " it warned . But divers will scour through submarine until all the bodies are recovered , the ministry said . Authorities say they have contacted the families of all the 18 missing personnel and are keeping them updated . Worst peacetime disaster An investigation into the explosion and fire -- the Indian navy 's worst peacetime disaster -- is under way . Navy officials say they so far ca n't pinpoint the cause . Salvage work on the diesel-electric submarine wo n't begin until the search for bodies is over , the defense ministry said . The Sindhurakshak had recently returned from an extensive refitting in Russia before the disaster . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Khushbu Shah from Atlanta .	Divers are scouring the submarine for the 13 remaining sailors Officials warn there is no hope of finding any survivors The INS Sindhurakshak sank after an explosion and fire this week
CNN  -- The youngest son of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il was named vice chairman of the Workers Party of Korea 's central military commission , North Korea 's state news agency reported Tuesday . Kim Jong Un , who is widely expected to be the successor to North Korea 's "  Dear Leader , " was also named to the Central Committee of the party . Earlier , during the party conference , the younger Kim became a four-star general , according to the Korean Central News Agency . The Korean Workers ' Party last convened its delegates more than four decades ago . Little is known about Kim Jong Un . Two photos of him consistently circulate in news reports outside of North Korea . That 's because he 's been kept off the radar by the North . "  They do n't release the information , so no one can know , " said Kang Cheol-hwan , a North Korea defector and activist . "  When he was little , he studied in Bern  Switzerland  , in a school for the elite . He got an international education . " Before Kim 's promotion to general on Monday , North Korea 's state-run media did n't mention him : There were no family photos showing him as a youngster and no images of him by his father 's side , learning to lead . He is Kim 's third and youngest son . He 's 27 or 28 years old . His grandfather , Kim Il Sung , ruled for nearly 50 years , and a mythic cult of personality was woven around him . His son , Kim Jong Il , took over after Kim Il Sung died of a heart attack in 1994 . What is life like inside North Korea ? Kim Il Sung called himself the "  Great Leader , " and Kim Jong Il calls himself the "  Dear Leader . " Kim Jong Il served a 20-year apprenticeship at his father 's side . But with Kim Jong Il , now 68 , and in poor health after suffering a stroke , analysts think succession plans have accelerated . In January 2009 , South Korean intelligence reportedly intercepted a message circulated around North Korean embassies globally , stating that Kim Jong Un was being prepared for succession . Since then , there has been no further confirmation from any North Korean official source . Opinion : Change in the wind ? Recent foreign visitors to Pyongyang , however , say ordinary North Koreans know his name . Schoolchildren are being taught a song called "  Footsteps , " praising Kim Jong Un , though not by name . "  North Korea is not a country where Kim Il Sung to Kim Jong Il or from Kim Jong Il to Kim Jong Un pass power from one person to another person . The succession goes from one power collective to another collective , " said Lee Woo-young , a professor at the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul , South Korea . "  I see little possibility for clash domestically between different groups . " Vice guide to North Korea One key question if Kim Jong Un does inherit leadership : Can he sustain his grandfather 's and father 's legacy , even as North Koreans go hungry while the country pours money into its nuclear program and military ? Kim Jong Il prioritized the military and bypassed the party . He might now be preparing a more dovish course , given the catastrophic economic conditions his country faces after a decade and a half of military confrontation , said Suh Jae-jean , president of Seoul 's Korea Institute of National Unification . Kim Jong Il introduced his "  Red Banner " policy in 1996 , a more militant tack than his father 's blend of Stalinism and Korean self-reliance . North Korea has acknowledged producing roughly 40 kilograms of enriched plutonium -- enough for about seven nuclear bombs , according to the U.S. State Department . The U.N. Security Council last year condemned North Korea 's launch of a long-range rocket , saying it violated a resolution banning ballistic missile testing . The North expelled U.S. nuclear experts and U.N. nuclear inspectors after the rebuke .	Kim Jong Un is named vice chairman of military commission Earlier , he was promoted to four-star general Little is known about the younger Kim Kim Jong Il is rumored to be in poor health
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Kabul 's police chief and chief of criminal investigations have submitted their resignations to the Afghan Interior Ministry , but the ministry ordered them to complete their probe into Friday 's suicide attacks first , a ministry spokesman told CNN . The ministry has not yet approved the resignations of Police Chief Abdul Rahman Rahman and investigations chief Abdul Ghafar Sayed Zada , spokesman Ezmary Bashari said . The two were ordered to continue their investigation into deadly blasts that targeted foreigners in the capital city Friday . At least 17 people were killed and many others wounded . Once the investigation into the bombings is complete , the minister of interior will make a decision on the resignations , Bashari said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks near the Safi Landmark Hotel in the Shahr-E-Naw neighborhood of Kabul . A number of government and United Nations offices are located there , as well as supermarkets , banks , diplomatic facilities and villas for well-to-do Afghans . An employee at a Kabul hospital said eight Indians and one Pakistani were among the dead . Interior Ministry officials said an Italian was killed , and the Indian embassy said four Indians were killed . The attack started with a suicide car bomb and four suicide bombers with explosive-laden vests , said Taliban spokesman Zaidullah Mujahid . Three of the bombers were killed , he said . About 20 minutes later , a second large explosion occurred . Journalist Matiullah Mati and CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Police Chief Abdul Rahman Rahman , investigations chief Abdul Ghafar Sayed Zada quit Both to continue investigation into Friday 's deadly blasts that targeted foreigners Taliban claimed responsibility for attacks near the Safi Landmark Hotel in Kabul
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund took a giant stride towards defending their Bundesliga title with a 1-0 win over Bayern Munich Wednesday in a top of the table clash . The priceless victory left Dortmund six points clear of their Bavarian rivals with only four games left of the German league season . Polish international striker Robert Lewandowski scored the vital goal , his 20th of a fine season , in the second half . He helped home Kevin Grosskreutz 's shot on 77 minutes , but there was still drama to come . Only four minutes were left when Dortmund goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller brought down Bayern 's winger Arjen Robben in the penalty area . The Dutch star decided to take the penalty , but saw Borussia captain Weidenfeller save his effort to be mobbed by his teammates . Robben then compounded his error by shooting over from a great position and in a frantic finish Lewandowski hit the crossbar at the other end . "  That was thrilling at the end , the last few minutes were unbelievable , " Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp told AFP . His side have gone 24 games without defeat to hold off a resurgent Bayern , who face Real Madrid next Tuesday in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal . Bayern and Dortmund will also contest the German Cup final on May 12 . Meanwhile , third placed Schalke suffered a shock 4-1 defeat at Nuremberg which leaves them six points behind Bayern ahead of their clash with Dortmund at the weekend . In Serie A , Juventus went back on top as Alessandro Del Piero scored the winner in a 2-1 win over Lazio in Turin . The victory lifted them one point clear of AC Milan , who had briefly gone top with a 1-0 win at Chievo Tuesday . Simone Pepe put Juve ahead before Stefano Mauri equalized in a rare Lazio attack . Juve continued to press but it needed a typical piece of magic from Del Piero to grab the clinching goal from a clever free-kick with eight minutes left . In other action , Inter Milan maintained new coach Andrea Stramaccioni 's unbeaten start with a 2-1 win over Siena with Diego Milito scoring twice . Inter drew level on points with Napoli , who were beaten 3-1 at home to Atalanta , for the final Europa League spot .	Borussia Dortmund beat Bayern Munich 1-0 in Bundesliga Dortmund six points clear of Bayern in title race Robert Lewandowski goal wins top of the table clash Juventus back on top in Italy after 2-1 win over Juventus
RICHMOND , Virginia  CNN  -- Lawyers for convicted September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui urged an appeals court panel Monday to throw out his guilty plea and grant their client a new trial . They argued Moussaoui did not have an adequate defense and lacked key information to defend himself . Zacarias Moussaoui is serving a life sentence at the federal prison in Colorado known as Supermax . Legal analysts believe the appeal has only a slim chance of success . In arguments before the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , lawyers for Moussaoui said he was confused about the charges he was pleading guilty to , and he did not have access to information that would have shown he was not supposed to be part of the 9/11 plot . One defense lawyer characterized Moussaoui as "  unknowing . " Defense lawyers point to statements , later made public , from the man who plotted the attacks , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who said Moussaoui was not intended to be a participant . Moussaoui did not know what Mohammed had said because it had been classified . "  A guilty plea that is invalid is invalid , " defense attorney Justin Antonipillai told the three-judge panel . A Justice Department lawyer strongly countered , telling the court Moussaoui 's plea was voluntary and unconditional . Referring to a letter Moussaoui sent the district court at the time of the plea , Justice Department attorney Kevin Gingras said , "  He understands what he is pleading guilty to . " Gingras told the court Moussaoui knew in general that there was information that could help his defense but chose to plead guilty anyway , thereby waiving any right to now challenge that decision . "  He understood there was stuff out there , " Gingras said . "  He knew the gist , " referring to redacted copies of appeal court rulings about what detainees might testify to and the 9/11 commission report . In April of 2005 , Moussaoui pleaded guilty to terrorism conspiracy charges , and in May of 2006 he was sentenced to life in prison after a jury decided not to impose a death sentence . Moussaoui , who is being held at the maximum security federal prison in Colorado known as Supermax , was not in the courtroom for the hearing . It 's expected to be several months before a ruling is issued . His attorney was met with mostly skeptical questioning by the judges . "  He insisted on pleading guilty and was allowed to do so only after extensive efforts to assure that it was knowing and voluntary , " said former U.S. Attorney Kendall Coffey , adding the district judge presiding over the case tried to make sure Moussaoui 's rights were protected . Moussaoui 's attorneys argued his original defense team , which vehemently tried to dissuade him from pleading guilty , should have been able in an unclassified way to brief their client on the contents of the classified information so he knew the full scope of the evidence . They had "  one hand tied behind their backs , " Antonipillai said . The judges hearing the case and the Justice Department attorney pointed out he probably would have received some of that material if he had gone to trial instead of pleading guilty . "  It is his choice to pull the plug " on the process and plead guilty , Gingras said . Another argument made by Moussaoui 's team was that he was denied the right of counsel because he could not hire a lawyer he wanted . After telling the court he did not want the court-appointed attorneys to represent him , Moussaoui tried to be his own attorney . But after constant outbursts the judge ended that effort . The court-appointed lawyers then took over the defense , but Moussaoui never had a good relationship with them . He wanted a Muslim lawyer from Texas , Charles Freeman , to be his attorney , but Freeman did not have security clearance . Moussaoui was arrested in August of 2001 in Minnesota after instructors at the flight school he was attending reported he was acting suspiciously and did not have much flying experience . Throughout his legal proceedings he changed his story -- at first claiming he was not supposed to be part of the September 11 attacks and then saying he was scheduled to fly a fifth plane that day and then reversing himself back to his original claim of non-involvement . His sentencing trial , which included evidence collected by the FBI relating to the 9/11 attacks , was supposed to showcase how a high-profile terrorism suspect could be tried in federal civilian court . But his trial ended up delayed for several years over a series of legal fights , including his attempt to defend himself , which included rants in the courtroom and the defense trying to gain testimony from some of the high-ranking al Qaeda detainees in U.S. custody . Several relatives of those who died in the 9/11 attacks traveled to Richmond for the hearing . Rosemary Dillard , whose husband was on the plane that went into the Pentagon , told CNN , "  People need to know this process works . " Abraham Scott , whose wife worked in the Pentagon , said attending the hearing shows "  we are still interested . ... We are still supporting the legal process . " Both Dillard and Scott attended every day of the 2006 sentencing trial . With the prospect that more terrorism suspects could be tried in federal courts with the promised closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp , Dillard and Scott say Moussaoui 's case shows the civilian trials can work . However , the appeal judges grappled with such key questions as how to guarantee a terrorism detainee access to classified information without compromising national security , and how to determine what degree of involvement in a terrorist plot is needed to justify a death sentence . Analysts say some detainees , because of evidence and other reasons , should be brought to trial in other systems . "  The extraordinary challenges of balancing national security with the rights of a terrorism defendant in a civilian trial vividly illustrate why the new administration should consider the use of military tribunals for at least some of the Guantanamo detainees , " said former U.S. attorney Coffey .	Defense lawyers say 9/11 conspirator lacked key info to defend himself Zacarias Moussaoui sentenced to life in connection with September 11 attacks Prosecutors say Moussaoui 's guilty plea came voluntarily Legal analysts believe appeal stands little chance of success
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic is hoping to lead Serbia to a historic first Fed Cup final in Moscow this weekend . The Serbian team , who have never reached the last four until this season , will face a Russian side who have won the tournament four times . But , crucially , they will be without top stars Maria Sharapova and Vera Zvonareva . Armed with a stellar line-up including Ivanovic and fellow former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic , the Serbs are hoping to deliver the biggest upset of the tournament to injury-hit Russia . "  For all of us and for our country it means a lot , " team captain Dejan Vranes said at the draw on Thursday . "  It 's the first time  in the semifinals  after many years . We started this journey five years ago in the Europe/Africa Group 1 in Plovdiv and after five years we 're finally in the semifinals . Our plan is just to fight until the last point -- we 'll see what happens . " Serbia , who have been beaten by Russia in their last three Fed Cup meetings , is in its strongest position yet to finally claim a victory . Ivanovic has suffered a slump in form since winning the 2008 French Open , but has shown encouraging signs this year rising seven places in the rankings to 15th . The 24-year-old reached the fourth-round of the Australian Open in January and the semifinal in Indian Wells in March . "  We have had a good team for a while but we never seem to come together and actually go for it , " she said on the official Fed Cup website . "  This is the first time we 're in the semifinals so it 's very thrilling of course . It makes it that much harder with the Olympics of course and everything else this year and it seems like a lot of things are going on . "  The semifinal is just one step from the final and maybe a title -- something I would love to have next to my name . " Russia should have been the formidable favourite in the historic showdown , taking the title four times in the last decade . In the absence of world No. 2 Sharapova and 10th-ranked Zvonareva , Russian captain Shamil Tarpishchev has turned to two-time grand slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova , as well as Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , Maria Kirilenko and Elena Vesnina . In the other semifinal reigning champions the Czech Republic take on three-time winners Italy . World No. 3 Petra Kvitova is expected to lead the home side in Ostrava as she bounces back from illness and injury which have plagued her for the past two months . The 2011 Wimbledon champion will be joined by 23rd-ranked Lucie Safarova , and doubles partners Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka . The Italians , led by 2010 French Open champion Francesca Schiavore and world No. 22 Flavia Pennetta have won four of their last seven meetings .	Serbia to face Russia in their first ever Fed Cup semifinal Serb Ana Ivanovic , ranked 15 , will lead campaign against injury-hit Russia The former world No. 1 is hoping to make a comeback after career slump Czech Republic will face Italy in opposing semifinal , with Petra Kvitova hoping to return to form
CNN  -- Congress has passed a $ 19 billion bill authorizing NASA to launch an additional shuttle mission and to develop a heavy-lift vehicle . Late Wednesday , the House passed the NASA Reauthorization Act following the Senate 's approval , giving NASA the authority to move forward with President Barack Obama 's strategy for the agency , including encouraging commercial development of space transportation systems . "  We want to thank Congress for NASA 's future , " Lori Garver , NASA 's deputy administrator , said during a media teleconference Thursday . "  It puts NASA programs on a more sustainable future , " said Garver . The bill overwhelming passed both houses of Congress and Obama is expected to sign it . The exact amount of money each NASA program receives will be decided by congressional appropriations , but not until after the November elections . The bill authorizes an additional shuttle launch , extending the retirement date of the shuttle program from February 2011 until June 2011 . The NASA administrator said an additional shuttle mission could help stock additional supplies on the international space station . The bill extended the space station 's life five additional years , until 2020 . It 's expected as the shuttle program comes to an end that more than 9,000 shuttle workers will lose their jobs . The NASA deputy administrator said she did n't believe this bill would affect planned layoffs , "  certainly not for tomorrow . " More than 1,200 shuttle workers are to be laid off on Friday . Thursday was the last day for laid-off employees to report to their workstations . Shuttle workers on their last day were to receive their final paperwork . Many of the departing workers have worked on the shuttle program since its beginning . A spokeswoman for one of NASA 's primary contractors at the John F. Kennedy Space Center in Florida , United Space Alliance , said "  it 's too early to tell what , if any , impact " the congressional appropriation may have on workforce levels in the months ahead . "  The authorization bill will not have an impact on this Friday 's layoff , but it will result in adjustments to our plans for the timing and magnitude of future workforce reductions , " said Tracy Yates of United Space Alliance , the primary contractor being affected by the layoffs Friday . Yates added that the development of a heavy-lift vehicle "  should offer promising opportunities and future work for United Space Alliance . " An official of an association representing commercial space flight contractors hailed the new strategy of government encouragement for commercial companies to develop systems for transporting astronauts and cargo to the space station . "  America 's space industry is taking a quantum leap forward with this historic shift , " said John Gedmark , executive director of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation . "  This bill will allow multiple private companies to move forward with developing this capability , " he said , adding that tax money will be saved and "  thousands of new high-tech jobs " will be created in those companies .	The NASA budget approved by Congress will extend the shuttle program until next June As the shuttle program ends , more than 9,000 NASA workers will lose their jobs More than 1,200 NASA workers are to be laid off Friday
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has been reflecting on his meltdown at the Masters , after the 21-year-old squandered a four-stroke lead going into the final round at Augusta , eventually carding an eight-over-par 80 to finish 10 strokes behind winner Charl Schwartzel . Speaking to the official Masters website , the Northern Irishman said : "  I 'm very disappointed . "  I was leading this golf tournament with nine holes to go , and I just unraveled . Hit a bad tee shot on 10 , and then never really recovered . It 's going to be hard to take for a few days , but I 'll get over it . " McIlroy is not alone in crumbling on the back nine whilst leading the Masters and joins a famous list that includes great names such as Ben Hogan , Arnold Palmer , Scott Hoch and Greg Norman . Can McIlroy conquer mental minefield ? And McIlory admitted that when he missed the fairway on the 13th hole , he knew his Masters dream had died . "  I 'd knew that unless I birdied my way in , I realized I did n't have a chance , " McIlroy said . "  I realized that was it then . "  But this is my first experience at it and hopefully the next time I 'm in this position I 'll be able to handle it better . "  I did n't handle it particularly well obviously , but it was a character-building day , put it that way . I 'll come out stronger for it . " And , speaking on his Twitter feed , McIlroy quoted Muhammad Ali , saying : "  It 's repetition of affirmations that leads to belief -- and once that belief becomes a deep conviction , things begin to happen . " McIlory also received some words of encouragement from Schwartzel who said : "  Golf is a really funny game -- one moment you 're on top of it , the next moment it bites you . "  Rory is going to feel hurt . It 's not easy what he went through . He is such a phenomenal player and he will win one . "  The first just happens to be the toughest , and that may be the biggest lesson of all , " added the South African .	Rory McIlory has spoken about his final round heartbreak at the Masters The 21-year-old wasted a four-stroke lead to finish 10 shots behind Charl Schwartzel The Northern Irishman also quoted boxer Muhammad Ali on his Twitter page
CNN  -- Her character on "  The Big Bang Theory " could never discuss the rings of Saturn , but there 's one ring actress Kaley Cuoco knows all about . According to People , Cuoco has wed boyfriend and tennis pro Ryan Sweeting . On Wednesday , she posted a picture of herself on Instagram , decked in a pink Vera Wang gown , and kissing Sweeting with the caption : "  Yep : #thesweetings . " The pair had a whirlwind romance , getting engaged after just three months of dating . The actress said at the time that while she knew it was unconventional , the couple have a lot in common . "  It 's been magic , " Cuoco said . "  We grew up with the same people , we just never met , so I kind of feel like I 've known him my whole life . I know it seems a little crazy on paper , but it 's what works for us . " Cuoco plays Penny , a waitress who is part of a group of friends including extremely educated scientists on the hit CBS show . She was previously linked romantically with "  Man of Steel " actor Henry Cavill and her "  BBT " costar Johnny Galecki .	The actress is one of the stars of "  The Big Bang Theory " She got engaged after three months of dating Cuoco said their whirlwind romance was "  magic "
Rome  CNN  -- Black smoke billowed from the chimney of the Sistine Chapel Tuesday night , indicating that cardinals gathered at the Vatican to elect a new pope had not chosen one in the first ballot of their conclave . The start of the secret election got underway earlier in the day , as the heavy wooden doors to the chapel swung closed on the 115 Roman Catholic cardinals charged with selecting the next pontiff . The next round of voting will begin Wednesday morning . Results will be revealed by puffs of smoke from the chimney following each ballot . Black smoke , no pope . White smoke , success . On a day rich with symbolism , the scarlet-clad cardinals entered the Sistine Chapel in solemn procession , chanting prayers and watched over by the paintings of Renaissance artist Michelangelo . Led by the conclave 's senior cardinal , Giovanni Battista Re , each of the cardinal-electors -- those under age 80 who are eligible to vote -- then swore an oath of secrecy . A designated official then gave the order , in Latin , to those not authorized to remain , "  Extra omnes " -- that is , "  Everyone out . " With all those not taking part in the conclave gone , the cardinals will remain locked in isolation until one candidate garners two-thirds of their votes . That man will emerge from the process as the new spiritual leader of the world 's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics . Selecting a pope Huddled under umbrellas as rain came down , crowds of onlookers watched on big screens set up in St. Peter 's Square until the doors to the Sistine Chapel were shut . ` Noble mission ' Earlier , the cardinals celebrated a morning Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica , where they prayed for guidance in making a choice that could be crucial to the direction of a church rocked by scandal in recent years . Applause echoed around St. Peter 's as Cardinal Angelo Sodano , dean of the College of Cardinals , offered thanks for the "  brilliant pontificate " of Benedict XVI , whose unexpected resignation precipitated the selection of a new pope . Sodano 's homily focused on a message of love and unity , calling on all to cooperate with the new pontiff in the service of the church . "  My brothers , let us pray that the Lord will grant us a pontiff who will embrace this noble mission with a generous heart , " he concluded . Members of the public had waited in long lines Tuesday morning to join the Mass. . As the service began , the morning sunshine came to an abrupt end , with the skies letting loose thunder , lightning and a torrential downpour . Before the service , the cardinal-electors had moved into Casa Santa Marta , their residence at the Vatican for the duration of the conclave . Jamming devices have been put in place to stop them from communicating with the outside world via mobile phones or other electronic means as they make their decision . Rome is abuzz Rome was abuzz Monday with preparations for the conclave , from the 5,600 journalists the Vatican said had been accredited to cover the event to the red curtains unfurled from the central balcony at St. Peter 's , the spot where the world will meet the new pope once he is elected . Tailors have completed sets of clothes for the new pope to wear as soon as he is elected , in three sizes . Video released by the Vatican over the weekend showed the installation of a pair of stoves inside the chapel . One is used to burn the cardinals ' ballots after they are cast and the other to send up the smoke signal -- the one that alerts the world that a vote has been taken and whether there 's a new pope . Workers scaled the roof of the chapel Saturday to install the chimneys . Possible papal contenders When cardinals elected Benedict in 2005 , the white smoke signaling the decision came about six hours after an earlier , inconclusive vote , Lombardi said . It took another 50 minutes for Benedict to dress , pray and finally appear on the balcony of St. Peter 's , he said . The longest conclave held since the turn of the 20th century lasted five days . On Monday , cardinals held the last of several days of meetings , known as General Congregations , to discuss church affairs and get acquainted . Lombardi said 152 cardinals were on hand for the final meeting . As well as getting to know their counterparts from around the world , the cardinals discussed the major issues facing the church , including its handling of allegations of child sex abuse by priests and a scandal over leaks from the Vatican last year that revealed claims of corruption , as well as the church 's future direction . Church rules prevent cardinals over the age of 80 from participating in the conclave but allow them to attend the meetings that precede the vote . Who will be chosen ? Meanwhile , the Italian news media are full of speculation about which cardinal may win enough support from his counterparts to be elected , and what regional alliances are being formed . According to CNN Vatican analyst John Allen , also a correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter , the race was wide open as the cardinals entered the conclave . Unlike in 2005 , when Benedict XVI was believed to be the favorite going into the election , no one has emerged as a clear frontrunner this time around , Allen said . Some names have cropped up in media reports as possible contenders , however . They include Italy 's Cardinal Angelo Scola ; Brazil 's Odilo Scherer ; Marc Ouellet of Quebec , Canada ; U.S. cardinals Sean O'Malley of Boston and Timothy Dolan of New York ; and Ghana 's Peter Turkson . More than 80 % of Africans believe their continent is ready for an African pope , but only 61 % believe the world is , an exclusive survey for CNN has found . A mobile phone survey of 20,000 Africans from 11 nations , conducted by CNN in conjunction with crowd sourcing company Jana , found that 86 % thought an African pope would increase support for Catholicism in Africa . Italy potentially wields the most power within the conclave , with 28 of the 115 votes , making it the largest bloc in the College of Cardinals . The United States is second with 11 . Altogether , 48 countries are represented among the cardinal-electors . "  Many would say it 's all about politics at this point , " Monsignor Rick Hilgartner , head of U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops Secretariat on Divine Worship , told CNN , "  but I think it 's important to remember that they also recognize that this is a very spiritual moment . " Once the doors close and the conclave begins , he says , it 's less about politicking and "  more about prayer as they each in silence write their votes . " Sixty-seven of the cardinal-electors were appointed by Benedict , who stepped down at the end of last month , becoming the first pontiff to do so in six centuries . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Richard Allen Greene reported from Rome , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Hada Messia , Ed Payne and Michael Pearson and journalist Livia Borghese also contributed to this report .	NEW : Black smoke comes from the chapel chimney , meaning no winner in first vote With the cardinals inside , the doors to the Sistine Chapel close as the conclave starts Cardinal Angelo Sodano calls for love , unity and cooperation with the next pontiff The 115 cardinals will cast ballots for the new spiritual leader of the Roman Catholic Church
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's competition watchdog has ordered airport operator BAA to sell three of its seven airports , including two in London . BAA must sell Gatwick Airport first . BAA must sell Gatwick and Stansted airports in London and either Edinburgh or Glasgow airports in Scotland within two years , the Competition Commission said Thursday . In publishing its decision Thursday , the commission said the sale of the airports will encourage competition "  where today there is no competition at all . " BAA owns seven airports in the United Kingdom , including London 's Heathrow , Gatwick and Stansted . The Competition Commission says there are competition problems at all seven airports , with adverse consequences for passengers and airlines . Finding new owners for the three airports will result in lower prices and improved customer service , said Christopher Clarke , chairman of the study . All three must have separate buyers , the commission said . "  The precise pace and the precise ways in which the benefits from such competition will emerge may be uncertain , but we are confident that the benefits will build over time , driven by the momentum of the development of competition , and will be significant , " Clarke said . In London , for instance , BAA 's ownership of three airports prevents them from building more capacity and keeps prices high , the commission said . "  The intensity of price competition may initially be limited by current capacity constraints and price controls , but these constraints are themselves at least in part the result of common ownership , " the commission said . BAA said it acknowledged the need to change but did not agree with all of the commission 's findings . "  We believe the commission 's analysis is flawed and its remedies may be impractical in current economic conditions , " BAA said in a statement , adding it needs more time to consider the report before responding further . Carrier Virgin Atlantic , a longtime critic of BAA 's ownership of the airports , welcomed the commission 's decision . "  It will undoubtedly benefit consumers , " said airline spokesman Paul Charles . "  Better airport facilities in the UK and lower prices will be the result . ... The important next step is to ensure that there is adequate oversight of the divestment process . " BAA must sell the airports in sequence , beginning with Gatwick -- which went up for sale in September -- then Stansted and then either Edinburgh or Glasgow , the commission said . The Competition Commission is an independent public group that investigates mergers , markets and regulated industries . The Office of Fair Trading , a government department , asked the commission to look into airport competition in March 2007 . The once-state owned BAA , which used to be known as the British Airports Authority , was privatized in 1986 and floated on the stock market in 1987 . It is now owned by Spanish property group Ferrovial .	UK airport operator BAA told to sell 3 of its 7 airports , including two in London Britain 's competition watchdog said sale of airports will encourage competition BAA must sell airports in sequence , beginning with Gatwick then Stansted
Atlanta  CNN  -- Ryan Brunn , the man who this week was sentenced to life in prison after pleading guilty to murdering a Georgia girl , apparently killed himself in his prison cell Thursday , a corrections spokeswoman said . Georgia Department of Corrections spokeswoman Kristen Stancil said that Brunn was found unresponsive at 4:15 p.m. in his cell at Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison in Jackson . Brunn was pronounced dead at a hospital at 5:37 p.m. due to an apparent suicide , she said . The case since has been referred to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation , according to Stancil . Brunn had entered a guilty plea Tuesday at a hearing in a Cherokee County courthouse , during which he described in detail how he enticed , molested and killed 7-year-old Jorelys Rivera . He was subsequently sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole , avoiding a potential death sentence by lethal injection . The girl 's father , Ricardo Galarza , told CNN en Espanol that news of Brunn 's death partly made him "  feel good but , on the other hand , it does n't because my daughter will never be with me again . " Galarza said that he felt that a lifetime of Brunn being watched after , "  eating three times a day  and  sleeping with air conditioning " while in prison was not enough . "  What I wanted was for them to put him in the electric chair and burn him , " the father said . "  I would have taken him there myself and prepared it , so he would burn . " Jorelys ' mangled body was found in a trash compactor three days after she went missing on December 2 from an apartment complex in Canton , about 40 miles north of Atlanta . According to the indictment , Jorelys was severely beaten and stabbed repeatedly in the face , neck and chest . Brunn , 20 , who worked as a maintenance man at the same apartment complex , was arrested on December 7 and charged with the crime . Last week , Brunn was indicted on 13 counts including murder , aggravated assault , cruelty to children , aggravated child molestation , enticing a child for indecent purposes , false imprisonment , abandonment of a dead body , making a false statement and sexual exploitation of children . He told the court Tuesday that he had never talked to Jorelys before the day of her murder . He said he devised a plan after he found one of her skates . Brunn took a picture of the skate and approached her with it , asking if the skate was hers . She said yes , and Brunn promised to take her to it . Instead , he took her to an empty apartment and instructed Jorelys to pull down her pants . He then put tape over her face and cut her throat with a razor . At this point , she was still alive , he told the court . He said that he then took Jorelys to the bathroom and beat her to death with the skate . He said he did not have sex with the girl . Increasingly , Brunn told the court , he grew concerned about what he had done . So he took a receipt , wrote on the back of it , "  She is in the trash can , " and taped it to the compactor . He admitted lying to investigators who had questioned him about the case . Brunn said he knew right from wrong , adding he "  never had an idea of killing a child in my life . " "  I 'd like to apologize for everything I 've done , and I do deserve everything that you 're about to give me , " he said in court .	Victim 's father says he would have preferred Brunn die "  in the electric chair " Ryan Brunn died of an apparent suicide , a Georgia corrections spokeswoman says He pleaded guilty Tuesday in the murder of 7-year-old Jorelys Rivera The girl was found dead in a trash compactor three days after she went missing
CNN  -- Syrian security forces determined to quell a three-month uprising stormed the northern village of Badama , near the Turkish border , a witness and an activist said Saturday . Units entered the village equipped with at least six tanks , 21 armed personnel carriers , 10 security buses and randomly fired at houses , the Syrian activist said , adding that security forces also closed the road to the village of Khirbet Aljooz . Two activists said the forces shelled the mountains around Badama , causing a fire that will block refugees and aid . Jameel Saib , an eyewitness near the Turkish border , told CNN people that displaced Syrians trying to enter Badama to get bread and supplies saw the Syrian forces close roads leading to the border . If Badama is taken , Syrian refugees who want to escape the violence in their country will have no medicine or clean water , Saib said . "  This is a starvation war they 're waging , " he said . Turkish helicopters were flying in the area , Saib said . CNN could not verify on which side of the border the helicopters were operating . Meanwhile , the British government Saturday advised its citizens to leave Syria immediately and not travel there . "  Those who choose to remain in Syria , or to visit against our advice should be aware that it is highly unlikely that the British Embassy in Damascus would be able to provide a normal consular service in the event of a further breakdown in law and order and increased violent civil disorder , " the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said . Violence in Syria and an offensive in and around the town of Jisr al-Shugur has spurred thousands of people to make their way to the border region . Turkish officials are worried that the crisis could deteriorate and destabilize the area . The Turkish government said Saturday more than 10,100 Syrians have crossed the border . About 3,000 more were on the border near Badama , Saib said . More than 1,100 people may have died since the unrest across Syria began in mid-March after teens were arrested for writing anti-government graffiti in Daraa , according to Amnesty International . The Syrian government has consistently blamed the protest casualties on "  armed gangs . " International pressure on the regime continues to grow . The United States is collecting information on possible war crimes by Syrian security forces amid the crackdown , a senior Obama administration official said Friday . The White House faces pressure from critics who say the administration has been slow to respond to crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators . The administration is lobbying members of the U.N. Security Council to support a resolution on Syria that , as another administration official put it , "  would send a strong message to President  Bashar  al-Assad . " Actress Angelina Jolie met with Syrian refugees in Turkey on Friday and drew attention to the anguish faced by families -- and families torn apart -- by the violence in Syria . The refugees are living in four camps managed by Turkey and the Turkish Red Crescent , according to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . "  The people in this camp have fled in fear for their lives , and many told me they were distraught about the safety of loved ones still in Syria , " Jolie said , according to the refugee agency . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Troops shell mountains , activist says More than 10,100 Syrians in Turkey British nationals advised to leave Syria Syrians have streamed across border with Turkey
The headline on the New York Post 's cover Sunday about the kidnapping and killing of a Brooklyn man drew heavy criticism and left some calling for an apology from the newspaper known for being provocative . The cover featured a photo of Menachem Stark , 39 , accompanied by the words , "  Who did n't want him dead ? " Stark was found dead in a trash bin Friday with several injuries to his body , Sgt. Lee Jones of the New York Police Department told CNN . Stark died of compression asphyxiation , which means someone or something pressed on his chest and lungs , suffocating him , a law enforcement source briefed on the investigation and autopsy told CNN Monday . There were also marks on his back consistent with him being tied up or otherwise restrained , the source said . Stark and his business partner own a real estate company called South Side Associates . The Post alleges that Stark owed thousands of dollars in penalties from dozens of Department of Building violations . The article also describes awful living conditions that his tenants allegedly endured . "  He pretty much ripped off the whole building , " the post quoted Ryan Kuonen , a tenant organizer . Titled "  Slain slumlord found in trash has enemies list a mile long , " the Post 's article paints Stark , who was the landlord of dozens of buildings , as a shady character with questionable business dealings . Police are not commenting on these allegations . Stark 's family , who is trying to make sense of the death , remembers the father of seven as a generous community man . "  It really hurts that such a heinous crime , instead of being condemned , is glorified , " said Rabbi David Niederman , president of the United Jewish Organizations of Williamsburg and North Brooklyn . Niederman told CNN he does not know anything about Stark owing money or having legal problems . People may fall on hard times , but they work it out , he said . The Post is giving people a "  license to kill , " Niederman added . Abraham Buxbaum , Stark 's brother-in-law , calls the Post 's reporting character assassination . The article included comments from anonymous law enforcement officials and tenants . "  I 've had many conversations with him , and of course in many of those conversations , I wanted to kill him , " the Post quoted Greg Hanlon , who lived in a Stark-owned building , as saying . Buxbaum , who is also a landlord , said it is impossible to keep all tenants happy . "  The question is what is the motive ? The motive might be to sell as many copies as possible or it could be that he is Jewish and a lot of people do n't like Jews . It makes you wonder , " Buxbaum told CNN . Stark 's family is offering a $ 25,000 reward for information that leads to an arrest . New York state Assemblyman Dov Hikind , who issued a statement on Sunday condemning the Post 's reporting , said he was in "  absolute shock " when he first read the article . It "  almost justifies his murder , " added Hikind . "  The Post does not say Mr. Stark deserved to die , but our reporting showed that he had many enemies , which may have led to the commission of this terrible crime , " said a Post spokeswoman in a statement . "  I think what everyone wants is a simple apology , " said Hikind . The Brooklyn landlord was last seen on surveillance video on Thursday walking out of his office . He struggled with two individuals who forced him into a Dodge Caravan , according to a police statement . Stark was known to carry large amounts of money , the law enforcement source said . No motive has been established , and authorities are investigating possibilities , including his business dealings , the source said . Stark 's body was found inside of a Long Island trash bin with burns to his torso and hands , and bruising to his head and neck , according to Jones . The case is under investigation . New York Post takes heat over haunting subway photo Rolling Stone cover of bombing suspect called ` slap ' to Boston	Landlord Menachem Stark was suffocated , a law enforcement source says The New York Post 's cover featured the headline "  Who did n't want him dead ? " The newspaper quotes disgruntled tenants and claims Stark owed city fines Family , Jewish community leaders are angry and hurt by the headline , article
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords on Thursday continued her dramatic recovery from a gunshot wound to the brain by going outside for physical therapy , one of her principal doctors in Tucson , Arizona , told CNN . "  Today actually , we were glad to say that we were able to take her outside and she was able to do her physical therapy , " Dr. Peter Rhee told John King . "  We gave her some fresh air and also gave her some sunshine , " said Rhee , speaking from outside University Medical Center . "  She was able to see the Arizona mountains . " Behind Rhee , flowers left by well-wishers filled a portion of the hospital lawn . A day before she was to be flown to a Texas hospital , the husband of Giffords , shot in the head less than two weeks ago at a public event , described his wife 's progress as "  remarkable . " Mark Kelly said Thursday he is hopeful the Arizona congresswoman will make a full recovery . "  I 've told her that , " Kelly told reporters at University Medical Center . "  She recognizes it ... she is a fighter like nobody else that I know . " Giffords is able to stand with assistance , but is not yet able to take steps or walk , said Rhee , adding therapists are helping Giffords with ways to express her thoughts and , eventually , speak . " -LSB- We are -RSB- holding her up so she can train herself to hold her head up , " Rhee said . "  She is learning to balance and learning all the little things we can take for granted . " Giffords , 40 , was shot in an assassination attempt and mass shooting that killed six and wounded 13 at a Safeway grocery store in Tucson on January 8 . The congresswoman is the only person still hospitalized after the attack , the hospital has said . Giffords will be taken by ambulance Friday morning from University Medical Center in Tucson to Davis-Monthan Air Force Base . Giffords will be flown to Houston , where she will receive further treatment at Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center , her office said in a statement . On Wednesday , the public learned that Giffords was able to rise from her hospital bed and stand with assistance . Kelly said that while what physical therapists classify as "  standing " or "  steps " and the clinical definition of it are "  a little bit different , " he said his wife "  can bear her own weight , which is a big step , I think . Just speaking for the doctors here , I think she 's made a remarkable recovery at this point . " He said he believes she has tried to speak , although she is prevented from doing so by a breathing tube in her neck , and believes she is aware of her surroundings , saying he can look in her eyes and tell . She will smile at him and pat him on the face -- something she did before the shooting , he said . "  Every time I interact with her , there 's something quite inspiring , " he said . "  We 've seen her moving her lips , " acknowledged Dr. Michael Lemole , chief of neurosurgery at the hospital . But , he said , it 's hard to say whether Giffords is actually trying to speak . He said Giffords has been able to scroll through an iPad and interact with her husband , so she does appear to be aware of her surroundings . But , Lemole cautioned , she has a long road ahead of her that will take months , at least . Kelly has discussed the shooting incident with Giffords , Rhee said . "  She can probably put some of that information together on her own . " Kelly said he believes his wife would be proud of how the Tucson community has reacted to the shootings . "  She 's going to need to continue to be strong , " he said . "  She will really appreciate the support of this community . " He said Giffords ' family looked at several different rehabilitation facilities and liked Memorial Hermann for several reasons . The medical team there specializes in penetrating head injuries like the one Giffords has suffered , and its closeness to Tucson is also helpful . Giffords has undergone other "  minor procedures " this week , Lemole said , calling it "  housekeeping . It 's really getting her to a position where she can graduate from this hospital . " Investigators have charged Jared Lee Loughner in the attack . A federal grand jury indicted Loughner on Wednesday on three charges of attempted murder . The indictment charges Loughner , 22 , with attempting to kill Giffords and two of her aides , Ron Barber and Pamela Simon . Legal experts said that more federal charges against Loughner are likely . "  This is really a placeholder indictment , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Wednesday . "  The grand jury investigation will continue ; there 's a long way to go in this case and these charges will be there but I 'm certain there will be more as well . " Loughner is next set to appear in court on Monday in Phoenix . "  I do n't think we 're ever going to fully understand the whys and the how and , you know , the reason for what happened on the 8th of January , " Kelly told reporters . "  It 's a loss of innocent life . The injury of a dozen people , the death of a 9-year-old girl , a federal judge and the serious traumatic injury to my wife Gabrielle -- we 'll never fully understand that . " CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Susan Candiotti and Roni Selig contributed to this report	Wounded congresswoman does physical therapy on hospital grounds Mark Kelly predicts his wife will make a full recovery "  Every time I interact with her , there 's something quite inspiring " Giffords will be moved to a Texas rehabilitation facility on Friday
CNN  -- A doctor at a Pennsylvania weight-loss clinic is scheduled for a preliminary hearing next week on charges that he sexually assaulted at least six female patients , according to the criminal complaint from the Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , district attorney 's office . Dr. Arie Oren , 64 , is charged with multiple counts of aggravated indecent assault and indecent assault that allegedly occurred during patient visits at the Conshohocken Weight Control clinic between the spring of 2008 through November 2010 , the complaint said . Conshohocken is a suburb of Philadelphia . Oren was formally charged earlier this week , with allegations in the district attorney 's criminal complaint including that he told several patients that an orgasm would help them burn calories . The six female victims listed in the affidavit , who range in age from 24 to 59 , described similar experiences with Oren at the clinic . The victims told prosecutors they were all touched inappropriately or groped and he allegedly penetrated most of the victims ' genitals with an electronic massager as an excuse to "  break up the fat . " One victim recounted that after Oren used the massager and touched her below the waist , he said , "  You know , if you have an orgasm you will burn 200 calories , " according to the document . Another victim claimed that Oren tried to kiss her after assaulting her and said that the visit was free because she was "  so hot , " the complaint said . Oren has a valid medical license that expires in December 2012 , according to Pennsylvania 's Department of State website . Efforts by CNN to reach Oren on Tuesday evening were not successful and a person who answered the phone at the Conshohocken Weight Control clinic said personnel there were not commenting on the case . Efforts to reach an attorney reported to be representing Oren also were unsuccessful . Oren is free on bail pending a preliminary hearing scheduled for April 21 , according to Assistant District Attorney Kate McGill .	Pennsylvania prosecutors have charged a doctor with sexual assaulting patients Prosecutors : At least six female patients say the weight-loss doctor assaulted them The incidents allegedly occurred during patient visits , prosecutors say Dr. Arie Oren is free on bond with a hearing scheduled for next week
London , England  CNN  -- Singer Annie Lennox was honored by Queen Elizabeth II on Friday for her charity work , receiving an award for her role as an ambassador with Oxfam . The former member of the Eurythmics , famous for songs such as "  Sweet Dreams  Are Made of This  " and solo hits including "  Walking on Broken Glass , " was honored for her work fighting AIDS and poverty in Africa . Lennox is one of 997 people on the 2011 New Year Honors List , which is released every Dec. 31 and recognizes outstanding achievement and service . Other big names on the list include actors David Suchet , known for his portrayal of Agatha Christie 's detective Hercule Poirot , and Sheila Hancock , a famous face on British stage and screen . Both received a CBE , which stands for Commander of the Order of the British Empire , the highest honor below a knight or dame . A CBE also went to Trevor Horn , the record producer behind some of pop music 's biggest hits from the 1970s to the present day . His extensive discography ranges from "  Video Killed the Radio Star " by the Buggles , "  Relax " by Frankie Goes to Hollywood , and Band Aid 's "  Do They Know it 's Christmas ? " to Seal 's "  Kiss from a Rose " and albums from Charlotte Church and John Legend . Fashion designer Katherine Hamnett , famous for her 1980s slogan T-shirts with phrases such as "  Choose Life " and "  Stay Alive in 85 , " also received a CBE . The co-founders of Lush Cosmetics , Margaret and Mark Constantine , received OBEs , which stands for Order of the British Empire , the next-highest honor . Their business began in a shed in their garden and has since grown to become a well known brand with more than 600 stores in 43 countries . Far from being big names , 74 % of the recipients are local heroes , honored for outstanding work in their communities . They include a beekeeper , a driving instructor for people with special needs , an equine physiotherapist , and a woman who has coached girl 's athletics for 60 years . The bridgemaster at London 's Tower Bridge , Erick Sutherns , received an MBE , or Member of the Order of the British Empire . An MBE also went to John Mackay , who has worked as a postman for 44 years in Caithness , described as one of the most challenging delivery routes in the Highlands of Scotland . A founding member of the first gay men 's soccer team in Britain also received an MBE . Aslie Pitter was recognized for making an enormous impact in tackling homophobia through sports in his role at the club . Golfer Graeme McDowell , the 2010 U.S. Open winner and member of the victorious European Ryder Cup Team , received an MBE . Former World Cup-winning rugby player Mike Catt , now a rugby coach , received an OBE . Among those receiving the highest honor of a knighthood was Martin Broughton , chairman of British Airways , recognized as an outstanding business leader with a strong track record of service to the wider community . Women make up 45 % of the total recipients on this year 's list . They will receive their awards from the queen at ceremonies scheduled throughout the coming year .	Lennox is one of 997 people receiving an honor from the queen Actor David Suchet and producer Trevor Horn are also honored Most of the recipients are local heroes
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The one-star general almost yells when asked to talk about the infamous Abu Ghraib photos showing U.S. soldiers abusing Iraqi detainees . An Iraqi detainee grips a fence at Camp Cropper , one of the few U.S. detention centers remaining in Iraq . "  If we had had a company commander doing what he was supposed to be doing , a battalion commander doing what he was supposed to be doing ... , " Brig. Gen. David Quantock said . He carried on -- growing more and more angry . So the next obvious question was , "  It makes you angry ? " "  It does make me angry , " he said . "  Because I think we lost a lot of American lives because of those photos . " And there it is -- the issue of detainee abuse and what the U.S. military struggles with , and has struggled with , since the release of those photos in 2004 , some of which showed naked prisoners being humiliated , stacked in piles or subjected to mock torture . Quantock , the head of detainee operations in Iraq , is echoing a debate raging in Washington . Another round of photos allegedly showing further abuse of prisoners was to be released by the end of this month . But President Obama asked that the photos be held back . Obama said he believed the release of the pictures could put American lives in danger . That is Catch-22 situation No. 1 : on one hand transparency ; on the other , the safety of U.S. troops . Quantock agreed with his commander in chief . "  The jihadists have used those pictures . And it has spurred some of the violence , " he said . Walking through Camp Cropper -- one of the last remaining U.S. detention centers in Iraq -- it is clear the damaging photos have forced the United States to become more transparent in its dealings with prisoners . Detainees are now checked before and after interrogations to ensure the guards have not abused them . Officers who walk the catwalk , the long metal walkway that surrounds the sprawling yard housing the detainees , have more oversight . These institutional checks reduce the possibility that abuse could reach the same scale as it did in Abu Ghraib in 2003 . The camp itself has a strange feeling to it . Visitors are told to put on sunglasses before entering some of the holding areas . Many of the detainees spit and even throw their own fecal matter at the guards , officials said . Inmates in American detention with arrest warrants against them will be turned over to Iraqi authorities under the terms of the U.S.-Iraqi security agreement . All others will be released . But the United States has signed the international treaty against torture , which compels a nation to keep suspects detained rather than send them to another country if that other country might ill-treat them . "  Iraqi detention facilities are not good ; they are not like American facilities , " said a woman who had just visited her detainee husband at Camp Cropper . "  There is a lot of witness testimony from detainees who suffered maltreatment in Iraqi detention facilities . " A U.N. report examining the second half of 2008 agreed , saying that detention centers run by Iraqis are using torture and physical abuse to extract confessions . The lingering questions about Iraqi detention facilities create Catch-22 situation No. 2 . The United States very much wants not only to get out of Iraq , but to get out of the detainee operation business . But it has a legal bar to satisfy . For its part , the U.S. military said it is inspecting and monitoring nine of the Iraqi facilities where its detainees will go . Iraqi government authorities maintain that they are treating all prisoners in accordance with international law . But when the United States pulls its last troops form Iraq , the monitoring is likely to stop . Nongovernmental organizations have been denied access , and CNN recently has not been allowed into any Iraqi prison .	U.S. head of detainee operations in Iraq is angered by Abu Ghraib photos The pictures showing abuse of Iraqi prisoners continue to cause problems U.S. military faces tough choices over future of detainees in Iraq
Horrific images of dozens of mutilated children 's corpses in the village of Houla prompted a rare moment of unity on Sunday from the United Nations Security Council . Children shot , knifed , axed to death in Syria 's Houla massacre , reports say Even Russia , the staunchest defender of the Syrian regime on the council , signed on to a statement that condemned the Syrian government for its "  outrageous use of force against  the  civilian population . " What is Shaam News Network ? But few Middle East watchers predict the atrocities in Houla will break the diplomatic deadlock that has cemented itself around Syria for the last 15 months . "  Nobody can see these images and not react , " said Rami Khouri , a veteran analyst of the Arab world who lectures at the American University of Beirut in Lebanon . "  The problem is no one has figured out an effective way to get involved and bring this conflict to an end . " As part of a ruthless campaign to crush what started out as a peaceful protest movement , President Bashar al-Assad 's security forces shelled cities , carried out systematic torture in prisons , and opened fire on opposition demonstrations and funerals . The United Nations Human Rights Commissioner has repeatedly accused al-Assad 's regime of carrying out crimes against humanity . Annan meets Syrian president al-Assad as crisis reaches ` turning point ' It did not take long for Western governments to call for al-Assad 's ouster . But nearly 15 months after the uprising began , opponents have been unable to formulate a plan to dislodge the family that has ruled Syria for more than 40 years . "  We do n't have any idea how to make these guys go away , " conceded a high-ranking Western diplomat based in the region , who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity . "  Read between the lines , " the diplomat added . "  In the immediate future , there is not going to be a Western intervention in Syria . " As the body count in Syria mounted over the last year to more than 9,000 killed , many Syrian opposition members began calling for military intervention along the lines of the NATO bombing campaign against Libya 's now-deceased strongman Moammar Gadhafi . Al-Assad 's reign defined by violence But analysts agree the American public has little appetite for involvement in another Middle Eastern conflict , as Washington has struggled to wind down lengthy wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Unlike Libya , where a number of high-level officials abandoned Gadhafi 's regime , the Syrian government has succeeded in maintaining discipline at the highest government levels , even as it has been forced to cede entire towns and villages to the rebels . "  Partly it 's Allawite solidarity , " said Khouri , who was referring to al-Assad 's Allawite minority sect , which holds a disproportionately large number of positions in the security forces and in government . "  Partly , these people all have blood on their hands and they sink or swim together . If they try to break away , their families will get killed or shot . It 's a combination of terrorism and solidarity . " "  The biggest problem is the regime in Syria is not that weak , " argued Omer Taspinar , a Washington-based analyst with the Brookings Institution . "  They still have a critical mass supporting them : the Sunni merchants , who see the world is not doing anything and that Bashar al-Assad can get away with murder . " Should the U.S. ` airdrop ' millions of phones into Syria ? While the rebellion has roiled through second-tier cities as well as broad swaths of countryside , Syria 's economic powerhouse cities -- Aleppo and Damascus -- have largely remained under government control . Also , unlike Gadhafi , al-Assad has powerful regional allies in his corner : Iran , Russia , and , to an extent , China . Exploring the Russia-Syria link "  The Obama administration does n't really want a clash with Russia , China , or Iran in Syria . That would negatively impact oil prices  in an election year  , " said Taspinar . "  Overall , the strategy coming from the White House is procrastinate , try to emphasize the diplomatic initiative , talk about helping the opposition , but do not really ratchet up rhetoric into full confrontation with Russia and Iran . " After initially rejecting armed rebellion against the government , the Syrian opposition has morphed into a patchwork of loosely coordinated rebel groups determined to bring down the Syrian president . But they have been woefully under-funded and poorly armed . For months , demonstrators across Syria have chanted , "  Arm the Free Syrian army " at protests that are filmed and then distributed around the world via YouTube . Over the past month , there have been signs that the rebels have gotten their hands on new sources of weapons , though no government will publicly admit to arming the fighters . Recently , the leader of a rebel band called the Green Idlib Battalion in northern Syria confirmed to CNN that the prices for rifles and ammunition had dropped in half . Timeline : Syria -- How a year of horror unfolded Early Monday morning , the Green Idlib Battalion 's commander , who goes by the nom-de-guerre "  Akil , " claimed to have carried out an attack in coordination with other rebel groups against the town of Atareb near the northern city of Aleppo . "  We burned the town 's police station and the city hall in order to force the security and armed forces out of this area , " Akil said in a phone interview from the battlefield , as gunshots and explosions could be heard in the background . But rebel fighters and residents said the government retaliated with armored vehicles , artillery and rocket fire from helicopter gunships . As always , civilians paid the greatest price . "  As the regime 's artillery was shelling our town , our home was destroyed and me and my brother were seriously injured , " said Mohamed Haj Taha . He spoke to CNN by telephone from a hospital in Turkey , where he fled with his brother and five other wounded Atareb residents early Monday morning . Hours later , Haj Taha said doctors pronounced his brother Abdo dead . "  Now I 'm in the hospital filling out paperwork after my brother 's death , " Haj Taha said . The growing specter of a civil war in Syria clearly has policymakers worried . "  There 's genuine concern about it turning into a huge-scale civil war with no way to influence the outcome or pick the winner , " said the Western diplomat . Opinion : Only Russia , China can stop the carnage The Syrian government blames al Qaeda-linked groups for a series of devastating suicide bombings targeting the headquarters of security forces in Damascus and Aleppo . Recently , even some of the secular activists who participated in the first waves of protests against Damascus expressed concern about Islamist elements cropping up within the armed opposition . "  Last week I was driving out of the city and two armed guys with long beards stopped me and asked me whether or not I pray , " said Mamoon , a teacher from the southern city of Dera'a , who asked only to reveal his first name for security reasons . "  We do n't want our revolution to transform into armed gangs that are out of control . " "  I 'm scared of those who say they are rebels and then start to appear alongside the protesters , but then start dirty business like kidnapping people for ransom , " a female student from Hama recently told CNN , on condition of anonymity . Opposition groups are clearly concerned about damage to their international image . At a recent weekly protest in the northern town of Binnish , demonstrators performed a choreographed demonstration holding up letters from the English alphabet that spelled out the sentence : "  We are not terrorists . " One of the only measures that rival members of the U.N. Security Council have been able to come to agreement on was the deployment of hundreds of U.N.military observers to Syria . The mission was denounced from the start by opposition groups . They accused U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan of brokering a cease-fire that gave the Syrian government diplomatic cover for more killing . "  The plan had a lot of deficiencies , but it was the only plan that the Syrians and the Russians would agree to , " said Rami Khouri , of the American University of Beirut . "  The monitors are just monitors , they are not peacekeepers . They have been an easy but I think unfair target . " Kofi Annan calls for accountability The much-maligned monitoring mission does not have the numbers or the weapons to force Syrian combatants to stop fighting . It did , however , play a vital role revealing the terrifying scale of the Houla massacre , which left at least 49 children under the age of 10 dead . The Syrian government routinely prevents international news organizations like CNN from reporting in Syria and thereby being able to verify accounts of fighting and casualties . And as the Syrian government and rebels accused each other of killing the children , the U.N. observers visited Houla and swiftly published a report that concluded the Syrian army fired artillery and tanks into the town . Syria 's ambassador to the U.N. later responded by accusing some Security Council members of launching a "  tsunami of lies " against Damascus . There appears to be no immediate end in sight for Syria 's grinding war of attrition . Neither al-Assad nor his allies show any signs of backing down , and al-Assad 's opponents are unwilling to risk direct intervention . Some analysts argue the current bloody stalemate is better than allowing Syria to become the battleground in a regional proxy war . "  This idea that somehow if the West intervenes , it will stop things from getting worse seems naive , " said Taspinar , the director of the Turkey project at the Brookings Institution . "  It 's a bad situation , but its not as bad as it would be if you had a proxy war erupt between Iran and Saudi Arabia in Syria , or between Iran and Turkey in Syria . That would be a full-bore Sunni-Shia confrontation . " America 's regional allies Turkey and Saudi Arabia are majority Sunni Muslim countries that increasingly find themselves at odds with Shiite Muslim Iran throughout the Middle East . The Western diplomat was left hoping for what he called "  a game-changer " -- a coup or an assassin 's bullet that would bring down the Syrian president . But , he conceded , "  That 's what we hoped would happen for more than 10 years to Saddam Hussein . "	"  We do n't have any idea how to make these guys go away , " a diplomat says of regime "  In the immediate future , " he adds , "  there is not going to be a Western intervention in Syria " Analysts : The American public has little appetite for involvement in another Middle Eastern conflict The growing specter of a civil war in Syria has policymakers worried
Editor 's note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House . Paul Begala says Republicans are failing to respond to the real economic pain felt throughout the U.S. CNN  -- As the fight over President Obama 's economic recovery package heats up , the two sides are beginning to define themselves with admirable clarity . The president says we have a crisis that is heading toward a catastrophe . In announcing his new Economic Recovery Advisory Board , President Obama declared , "  The situation could not be more serious . These -LSB- new unemployment -RSB- numbers demand action . It is inexcusable and irresponsible for any of us to get bogged down in distraction , delay , or politics as usual , while millions of Americans are being put out of work . " The Republicans , on the other hand , have honed their economic message : Denial , Delay , Do Nothing . Denial It begins with denial . Former Bush adviser Karl Rove and Fox News host Bill O'Reilly opined in December that it 's the media 's fault . The said the press is overhyping bad news ; the economy , they suggested , is not really all that bad . "  So you are agreeing with me , " O'Reilly said , "  that there is a conscious effort on the part of The New York Times and other liberal media to basically paint as drastic a picture as possible , so that when Barack Obama takes office , that anything is better than what we have now ? " "  Yes , " said Mr. Rove . OK . I guess if you 're wealthy like Mr. Rove and Mr. O'Reilly you can afford to pretend the recession is a vast media conspiracy . But for the 3.7 million Americans who have lost their jobs in the Bush-Republican recession , Messrs. Rove and O'Reilly seem dangerously out of touch . Delay "  Let 's slow down . Let 's take our time , " said Sen. Mike Johanns  R-Nebraska  . "  Few things are going to be as important as this . " Generally that 's good advice . But with the economy losing 19,000 jobs a day , is delay really a wise strategy ? Sen. Richard Shelby  R-Alabama  seems to think so . He told CNN 's John King , "  We could shelf this bill and start again . That 's what we really need to do . " Do Nothing South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford is widely considered a rising star in the GOP . He was even mentioned as a potential running mate for 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain . His strategy , again articulated to John King on "  State of the Union , " is to do nothing -- let companies , communities and families fail . "  We 're going to go through a process of deleveraging , " Sanford said . "  And it will be painful . The question is , do we apply a bunch of different Band-Aids that lengthen and prolong this pain or do we take the Band-Aid off ? I believe very strongly : Let 's get this thing over with , let 's not drag it on . " Set aside the callousness of Sanford 's metaphor -- that joblessness at the highest level since the Great Depression is somehow like a scratch that does n't even need a Band-Aid . Focus instead on Sanford 's substantive message : You 're on your own . Write if you get work . This befits a party which has high-ranking members who deny the effectiveness of the New Deal . What 's next , denying that the federal government put a man on the moon ? What Bipartisanship ? Given the GOP 's combination of flat-earth economics and scorched-earth politics , it should come as no surprise that it looks like 98.6 percent of Washington Republicans oppose President Obama 's economic recovery package . They either do not understand the depth of the recession or they do not realize the results of the recent election . I do n't know what more President Obama can do . He has named three prominent Republicans to his Cabinet  Robert Gates at Defense , Ray LaHood at Transportation and Judd Gregg at Commerce  . He has helped persuade New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch to replace Sen. Gregg with a Republican . He has met behind closed doors with the entire House and Senate Republican conferences . He has hosted bipartisan cocktail parties , a Super Bowl party and -- what 's left , a slumber party ? He has agreed to ditch progressive provisions from the stimulus bill , like support for family planning  earning him a rebuke from Planned Parenthood  and accepted more tax cuts than many Democrats would like . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the stimulus package Still , there 's bipartisanship and there 's bipartisanship . Real-world Republicans support President Obama 's recovery plan . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist is a supporter , and as the ubiquitous John King has reported , the very Republican mayor of the very Republican town of Carmel , Indiana , supports Obama 's plan as well . "  Government should be investing in infrastructure , " Mayor James Brainard told King . "  That is what government is meant to do . It creates long-term value . I think the stimulus plan is a good one . " So take heart , Mr. President . In the real world of layoffs , foreclosures and plant closings , you have the support of both Republicans and Democrats . They agree with you that Denial , Delay and Doing Nothing is not an economic strategy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala : Republicans are adopting strategy of blocking action on economy He says they have denied the extent of the problem and delayed action Begala : Some in GOP adopt a callous attitude that we should do nothing Still , he says , some Republicans outside Washington see the need to act
CNN  -- Football legend Diego Maradona had his earrings seized by Italian authorities Friday to help pay off his back taxes , according to media reports . Diego Maradona sports expensive-looking earrings during a recent football match . The current coach of Argentina 's national team was staying at a clinic in northern Italy in a bid to lose weight when finance police swooped , Reuters.com reported . The jewelry was said to be worth $ 4,000  $ 5,888  . Italian tax authorities say he owes the country $ 31 million  $ 45 million  in back taxes from when he played for top league club Napoli between 1984 and 1991 . But Maradona says the Serie A club should have paid the taxes . Three years ago , tax police took two Rolex watches from him when he was back in Italy for a benefit match . The 48-year old is under intense pressure in his native Argentina after a dismal World Cup qualifying campaign left his star-studded team in danger of missing their first tournament since 1970 . After a recent defeat against Paraguay he was quoted by FIFA.com as saying , "  I am not afraid of criticism . I am afraid of nobody . I am doing my job , I have my team and I am going to go forward . "  I have been battling critics since I was 15 years old . Now I am 48 and I am going to continue to battle with them -LSB- the press -RSB- . "	Maradona staying a clinic in Italy when tax authorities swooped Reports : Argentina coach owes millions in taxes from his time playing in Italy Maradona says Serie A club should have paid the taxes
CNN  -- After losing a close friend to liver failure , Candy Chang spent a lot of time thinking about how she wanted to live out her days . Contemplating death brought clarity to her life , but she struggled to maintain perspective amid the daily grind . She wondered whether other people went through the same struggle , and what mattered to them . She decided to invite others to share those thoughts by painting a chalkboard on the side of an abandoned house in New Orleans stenciled with the sentence "  Before I die I want to ________ . " What began as an experiment in making a public space into a shared space has become a global art project , with more than 400 "  Before I die " walls in 60 countries and 25 languages . It 's been quite the journey for Chang , who did not launch the project with plans to expand beyond New Orleans . But it resonated among pockets of passionate people around the globe . "  Our public spaces are as profound as we allow them to be , " Chang , an artist , designer and urban planner , said in an e-mail . "  Our public spaces are our shared spaces , and they have a lot of potential to offer us a more valuable and meaningful kind of life . I think about why we came together in the first place . Some of the earliest gathering places were graves and sacred groves . We gathered so we could grieve together and worship together and console one another and be alone together . " Many of the walls disappear a few months after they 're "  born , " just like Chang 's did , after someone bought the building and renovated it . Then , others pop up . Such is life . In honor of the release of the first book celebrating Before I die 's global footprint , we asked Chang to reflect upon the most common themes expressed in the walls . Hopefully , they inspire you to reconsider your hopes , dreams and aspirations . 1 . Well-being "  Before I die " came out of Chang 's grief and depression , and the responses "  have reassured me that I 'm not alone as I try to make sense of myself , " she said . "  Carl Jung said it 's easier to go to the moon than it is to penetrate one 's own being . Mental health takes as much exertion as physical health , " she said . Examples : "  Abandon all insecurities "  New Orleans "  Come to terms with who I am "  Washington "  Slow down for a moment and maybe even stop "  Portsmouth , Hew Hampshire "  Find serenity "  Vicenza , Italy "  Stop being afraid "  Jerusalem "  Overcome depression "  Newport News , Virginia "  Lose my fear of death "  Trujillo , Peru "  Find what I 'm looking for  San Francisco "  Heal "  Montreal "  Find closure "  Erfurt , Germany "  Keep getting better every day "  Chung-Li , Taiwan "  Feel comfortable in my skin "  Burning Man festival "  Reach my constant happiness "  Berlin "  Learn to be brave "  Almaty , Kazakhstan "  Right all my wrongs "  Brooklyn "  Learn how to enjoy myself and let go "  Savannah , Georgia "  Feel that nothing was missing or left over "  Santiago , Chile 2 . Love "  Love and be loved " is one of the most common responses on walls around the world , Chang said . She 's also seen budding romance on walls . "  In New Orleans , someone wrote , ` Before I die I want to eat a salad with an alien , ' and someone else drew an arrow and wrote ` Before I die I want to marry this person , ' " she said . Examples : "  Love her until the end of the world "  Cordoba , Argentina "  Sleep with a harp player "  Lisbon , Portugal "  Get married for the 10th time "  Dublin "  Find and kiss her one last time "  Chicago "  Find my true love "  Beijing "  Love recklessly again "  New Orleans "  Find my other half "  Madrid "  Accompany him forever "  Chung-Li , Taiwan "  Be loved unconditionally "  Jersey City , New Jersey 3 . Travel Who does n't have a long list of places they 'd like to visit ? Travel can be the hardest thing to find the time and money to invest in , but that does n't stop us from dreaming and plotting adventures . "  My family had a big white van that we drove all over the place when I was a kid , " Chang said . "  Ever since , traveling has been my school and my therapy . I 've taken many road trips across America , and I worked in Nairobi , Helsinki , Medan , Johannesburg and beyond . Those experiences deeply shaped who I am today . It 's made me more open-minded , reflective , compassionate , and grateful . " Examples : "  Travel around the world by foot "  Almaty , Kazakhstan "  Ride a motorcycle across South America "  Cordoba , Argentina "  Take my wife to Liverpool "  Portsmouth , New Hampshire "  Ride my bike up the top ten highest mountains in Thailand "  Chiang Mai , Thailand "  Visit Venice with the love of my life "  Auckland , New Zealand "  Drive Route 66 "  Melbourne , Australia "  Travel across India on a bike "  Hyderabad , India "  Straddle the International Date Line "  New Orleans "  Finish climbing Everest "  Reno , Nevada "  Enjoy a pleasant cruise "  Pohang City , South Korea 4 . Helping others Many of us say we 'd like to "  donate lots of money , " "  change a child 's life , " "  help my neighbor " or "  build a public school and a shelter . " But putting others ahead of ourselves can be a tall order for some , especially in an era of instant gratification . But , it 's never too late , said Chang , and even the smallest gesture can last a lifetime . "  I 'll never forget a middle school art teacher who encouraged me when I was full of self-doubt , a neighbor who fixed my bike pedal or a stranger who went out of his way to return my lost bag . Compassion lasts much longer than the moment . " Examples : "  Teach kids to live love and be free "  Johannesburg "  Save lives "  Dubai "  Help people through neuroscience "  Portsmouth , New Hampshire "  Fix Nick 's car "  Cape Town , South Africa "  Make someone 's day "  Milwaukee , Wisconsin "  See a just society "  Madrid "  Do something for animals and make the world a better place "  Hyderabad , India 5 . Family "  Making this project made me realize how much more I want to know my parents , " Chang said . "  I 'm glad we 're at a stage where we 're good friends now , and I ask them fifty questions for every photograph from their childhood . Each week , my dad sends me endearing stories that only enhance the inspiring mythology of our lives . " Examples : "  Bring peace of mind to my mom "  Brooklyn "  See my youngest fly "  Minneapolis "  See where my grandma grew up "  Townsville , Australia "  See my parents again "  Erfurt , Germany "  Speak with my children one last time "  Cordoba , Spain "  Make my parents proud "  Burning Man festival "  See my daughter graduate "  New Orleans "  Be back in my kid 's life "  Reno , Nevada "  Build a house for my mother "  Trujillo , Peru "  Meet my daughter "  Montreal "  Be a grandfather "  Madrid "  Take care of my parents "  Hyderabad "  Have seven children "  Asunci  n , Paraguay "  Raise good kids "  Charleston , South Carolina	The "  Before I Die " global art project invites people to share hopes , dreams on public walls More than 400 "  Before I Die " have been created in 60 countries and in 25 languages "  Before I Die " walls are celebrated in a new book out this month Creator Candy Chang reflects upon the 5 most prominent themes on the walls
The second suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings was taken into custody Friday night , bringing to an end a massive manhunt in the tense Massachusetts capital worried by warnings the man was possibly armed with explosives . After announcing the arrest on Twitter , Boston police tweeted : "  CAPTURED !!! The hunt is over . The search is done . The terror is over . And justice has won . Suspect in custody . " Authorities confirmed the man in custody is 19-year-old Dzhokar Tsarnaev , who escaped an overnight shootout with police that left his older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- the other man wanted in the bombings -- dead . The younger Tsarnaev was in serious condition , Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis said at a news conference . He was being treated at Boston 's Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , hospital spokeswoman Kelly Lawman said . Tsarnaev was cornered late Friday as he was hiding on a boat in a backyard of Watertown , a suburb of Boston . Police were alerted to his whereabouts by a man who went outside after authorities lifted an order for residents to stay inside during the manhunt . The resident saw blood on a boat in the backyard , Davis said . He then lifted up the tarp covering the boat and "  saw a man covered with blood , " he said . It was that call that resulted in an arrest less than a week after two bombs exploded near the finish line of the Boston Marathon , shocking the nation and leaving a city on edge . "  There was an exchange of gunfire , and I do n't know if he was struck , " Davis said of the suspect . Authorities , using a bullhorn , had called on the suspect to surrender : "  Come out with your hands up . " Tsarnaev , according to authorities , refused to surrender . "  We used a robot to pull the tarp off the boat , " David Procopio of the Massachusetts State Police said . "  We were also watching him with a thermal imaging camera in our helicopter . He was weakened by blood loss -- injured last night most likely , " Tsarnaev was taken into custody after authorities rushed the boat , Davis said . Closing a chapter The standoff and subsequent arrest came just minutes after authorities indicated during a news conference that a manhunt for the suspect appeared to come up empty . Authorities had cast a wide net for the suspect , virtually shutting down Boston and its surroundings after a violent night in which authorities say the brothers allegedly hurled explosives at pursuers , after killing Massachusetts Institute of Technology police Officer Sean Collier and hijacking a car . "  We 've closed an important chapter in this tragedy , " President Barack Obama said in a televised address . Even so , he vowed to seek answers to the motive in the attack and find out whether the suspects received any help to carry out their plot . The government is invoking the public safety exception to question Tsarnaev , meaning in cases of national security a person can be questioned without being read their Miranda rights , a Justice Department official told CNN on condition of anonymity . The official is not authorized to publicly discuss the matter . U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz told reporters the "  government has that opportunity right now " to invoke the public safety exemption but stopped short of declaring it would take that step , saying only the suspect was in the hospital . Republican Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham called for Tsarnaev to be held as an enemy combatant . ` Glad it 's over ' Word of the arrest spread quickly in suburban Watertown , where residents took to the streets to cheer the news that suspect had been arrested . "  Thank you . Thank you . It was our pleasure , " members of the Boston SWAT team said over a loudspeaker . Mary Sullivan was walking her black Labrador earlier Friday night when gunshots rang out in her neighborhood . "  I 'm glad it 's over , " she said . "  The city and the people have gone through so much pain over these irrational decisions of these young men . " Bombing connection The manhunt began late Thursday just hours after the FBI released photos of the two suspects in the marathon bombings . "  Investigators are recovering a significant amount of homemade explosives " from the scene of the shootout , Procopio told CNN . It was not immediately clear what explosives were recovered , but the discovery followed a tense night in which authorities say the brothers allegedly hurled a homemade grenade and five pipe bombs at pursuers after killing an officer and hijacking a car . Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , was wearing explosives and a triggering device when he died , a source briefed on the investigation told CNN on condition of anonymity . The manhunt brought Boston to a near standstill . The Boston Red Sox announced they were postponing Friday night 's game against the Kansas City Royals "  to support efforts of law enforcement officers . " NHL 's Boston Bruins also postponed its game against the Pittsburgh Penguins . The city 's subway , bus , Amtrak train and Greyhound and regional Bolt Bus services were shut down . Taxi service across the city also was suspended for a time during the manhunt . Every Boston area school was closed . Boston 's public transit authority sent city buses to Watertown to evacuate residents while bomb experts combed the surroundings for possible explosives . Initially , authorities said the brothers started their rampage by robbing a convenience store . By late Friday , the Middlesex District Attorney 's office backtracked on the allegation , saying an investigation determined that the robbery at a 7-Eleven was unrelated . Officer killed The violent hours leading up to the capture began in Cambridge , across the Charles River from Boston , MIT officer Collier was shot and killed while he sat in his car on Thursday night , the Suffolk County District Attorney 's Office said in a statement . The two suspects , according to authorities , then hijacked a vehicle at gunpoint in Cambridge , telling the driver that they were the marathon bombers , a law enforcement source told CNN . At some point , apparently at a gas station , that source said , the driver escaped . Police , who were tracking the vehicle using its built-in GPS system , picked up the chase in Watertown . The pursuit went into a residential neighborhood , with the suspects throwing explosives at police . A shootout erupted and ultimately one bomber -- later identified as Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- got out of the car . Police shot him , and his brother ran over him as he drove away , according to the law enforcement source , who spoke on condition of anonymity . Richard H. Donohue Jr. , 33 , a three-year veteran of the transit system police force , was shot and wounded in the incident and taken to a hospital , a transit police spokesman said Friday . The officer 's condition was not immediately known . Another 15 police officers were treated for minor injuries sustained during the explosions and shootout , Jennifer Kovalich , a spokeswoman for St. Elizabeth 's Medical Center , said . Suspects background Police believe the brothers are the same men pictured in images released Thursday by the FBI as suspects in the marathon bombing that killed three people and wounded dozens on Monday . At least 58 people remained hospitalized , including three in critical condition , according to a CNN count . The men are shown in the images walking together near the marathon finish line . The first suspect -- apparently Tamerlan Tsarnaev , according to authorities -- appears in the images wearing a dark hat , sunglasses and a backpack . The second suspect , wearing a white cap , police said , is the one who remained at large throughout Friday until he was taken into custody Friday night . But the mother of the Tsarnaev brothers refused to believe they were involved in the marathon bombings and subsequent shootout . "  It 's impossible for them to do such things . I am really telling you that this is a setup , " Zubeidat Tsarnaeva told state-run Russia Today from Dagestan . "  My son would never keep it in secret . ... If there is anyone who would know it would be me . He would n't hide it . But there was never a word . " The brothers came from the Russian Caucasus region and moved to Kazakhstan at a young age before coming to the United States several years ago . "  My youngest was raised from 8 years in America . My oldest was really properly raised in our house . Nobody talked about terrorism , " their mother said . The suspects ' parents recently returned to Dagestan in the Caucasus region after living in the United States for about 10 years because they were "  nostalgic , " the father , Anzor Tsarnaev , told Russian state-run Zvezda TV . He accused someone of framing his sons . "  I do n't know who exactly did it . But someone did . " A federal official told CNN that Dzhokar Tsarnaev came to the U.S. as a tourist with his family in the early 2000s and later asked for asylum . He became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 2012 . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was not a naturalized citizen , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . He came "  a few years later " and was lawfully in the United States as a green-card holder . Tamerlan Tsarnaev had studied at Bunker Hill Community College and wanted to become an engineer , according to those who knew him . He then took a year off to train as a boxer . ' I do n't understand them ' The official said that a posting on a social media site in the elder brother 's name included the comments : "  I do n't have a single American friend . I do n't understand them . " Dzhokar Tsarnaev attended Cambridge Rindge & Latin , a public high school , said Eric Mercado , who graduated a year behind the suspect . Mercado said Tsarnaev had worked at Harvard University as a lifeguard . "  We hung out ; we partied ; we were good high school friends , " Mercado told CNN . "  We 're all , like , in shock . We do n't really understand . There were no telltale signs of any kind of malicious behavior from Dzhokar . It 's all coming as a shock , really . " Mercado said he lived a block away from the suspect and did not know his older brother . Dzhokar Tsarnaev is currently registered as a student at University of Massachusetts Dartmouth , which ordered its campus evacuated on Friday . The school is located 65 miles south of Cambridge , just west of New Bedford . Larry Aaronson , Dzhokar Tsarnaev 's neighbor and a former teacher at the high school Tsarnaev attended , called him a "  wonderful kid . " "  He was so grateful to be here , he was compassionate , he was caring , he was jovial , " Aaronson told CNN .	58 people remain hospitalized from Monday 's bombings , according to a CNN tally "  CAPTURED !!! The hunt is over " police tweet after second suspect is in custody Investigators find " significant amount of homemade explosives , " a police official says Slain suspect was wearing explosives when he died , source tells CNN
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Calling 's lead singer , Alex Band , told police he was abducted , beaten and robbed Sunday , just hours before his group announced a comeback effort . Band suffered "  a fractured lower spine , 15 stitches to lower chin , three broken teeth and is bruised on his side and stomach from the baton beating , " his publicist said Monday . The singer countered speculation that the attack was related to his drug use or a hoax . "  This just happened to me . I did n't kidnap myself , or beat the crap out of myself . So the whole hoax thing is honestly kind of disgusting to even think about , or hear , " Band told CNN . He told investigators he was walking down a street in downtown Lapeer , Michigan -- where his group had just performed at a music festival -- about 3 a.m. Sunday when two men forced him into a blue minivan , according to a police statement . "  Alex was grabbed by his shirt and hit from behind and lost his footing , " publicist Brad Taylor said . "  He was beaten with a police baton with a gun pointed to his face demanding Band 's ` Hollywood money . ' After Band fought back , he was cornered in the van with gun to his face . " Band picked up the story from there . "  At this point , I was crying , I 'll admit it , I was scared , and I was pleading for my life , but then it occurred to me . I was like , ` You know , I just found like a couple of weeks ago that I 'm going to be a dad , ' " he said . The assailant responded , "  It 's your lucky day , " Band said . "  He kicked me out of the car onto the train tracks , and that 's when I hit the tracks and I fractured the bone in my lower spine , and I was unconscious and they left , " said the singer . According to his publicist , Band was left for dead at a local railroad track in Lapeer . Earlier , Band issued a statement to CNN about the incident . "  I never thought my unborn child would be my savior , " Band said . "  I am grateful to be alive and I know that I am destined for bringing my music back to my fans . " The singer "  reported being assaulted , robbed and dropped off on another street , " according to Lapeer Police Sgt. Craig Gormley . Another band member picked Band up and took him to the emergency room at McLaren Lapeer Region hospital , Gormley said . He was treated and released , he said . Police , who interviewed Band at the hospital , are investigating , Gormley said . Word of Band 's alleged abduction hit online celebrity websites Monday morning at the same time entertainment reporters received an e-mail from a publicity firm announcing that The Calling is coming back "  stronger than ever " after "  fighting through trials and addictions . " The singer has "  brought together a new band and has a fresh look on his past hits like ` Wherever You Will Go , ' " the news release said . Band "  was at the height of music stardom in the early 2000s pop world but took a severe , almost death drop on a roller-coaster of a ride by almost dying from drug abuse combined with the struggle of personal relationships , " the release said . "  Having a global hit was amazing , but due to my personal struggles and relationships , I was robbed of the enjoyment of being on the top of a musical high of a career , " it quotes Band as saying . "  I dropped everything to fight for my ailing wife , followed by a divorce , which equaled with a substance abuse problem that almost took my life . Coming out of my addiction with yet another struggle is something of a freedom . This second chance and has given me great fodder for our new music . " The rock/pop group is "  in the midst of signing a major record deal and are setting up a global tour to bring forth their music to a worldwide fervent fan base , " it said . "  He is jumping back into finishing the record to help in the healing process and is resting for optimal healing , " his spokesman said . The comeback announcement would normally get little attention in the media , but coverage of Band 's alleged abduction put The Calling back into the headlines . CNN 's Denise Quan and Tory Dunnan contributed to this report .	NEW : Alex Band : "  I 'll admit it , I was scared , and I was pleading for my life " Singer suffered a fractured spine , 15 stitches to chin , broken teeth , bruises , spokesman says The singer told police he was "  assaulted , robbed and dropped off on another street " News of the incident comes as the group announces a comeback after a decade
Cavite City , Philippines  CNN  -- Not many people recognized Efren Peaflorida as he left the Philippines last fall to attend a Hollywood gala for CNN Heroes . But when Peaflorida returned from the event as CNN 's Hero of the Year , he was greeted by hundreds of screaming fans at the airport in Manila . "  The moment we got home , I ... seemed to have become a celebrity , " he said . Peaflorida was honored for creating mobile "  pushcart classrooms , " carts stocked with books , chalkboards and other supplies , that bring education to poor children in the Philippines . Since 1997 , he and more than 12,000 teenage volunteers have taught basic reading and writing skills to more than 1,800 children living on the streets . "  The award and the title -LSB- are -RSB- really significant , " said Peaflorida , 29 . "  It gave me and my co-volunteers an affirmation that what we are doing is a worthy cause . " The plaudits did n't stop there . Back home , parades were arranged in both Manila and Cavite City , where Peaflorida was born and raised . And then-President Gloria Arroyo conferred him with the Order of Lakandula -- one of the highest honors that can be bestowed upon a Filipino civilian -- for his dedication to the welfare of society . "  I received the medal but shared the honor with my co-volunteers , my mentor and the children we reach out to , " he said . "  The government heads received an instruction from the president to have the pushcart schools replicated all over the country . " With Peaflorida 's consultation , the pushcart classroom model started by his nonprofit organization , Dynamic Teen Company , has been replicated more than 50 times by different organizations and institutions across the Philippines . And according to Peaflorida , more classrooms are pending as President Benigno Aquino 's administration reviews plans to expand the infrastructure of the mobile classroom system . "  The duplication of the pushcart school system ... is happening now in different provinces and regions of the country , and we receive numerous letters from other parts of the world , " Peaflorida said . "  Filipinos have become more aware of the need for these children to be educated , fed and taken care of . Before , they saw -LSB- a pushcart -RSB- as a symbol of poverty , but now they see a pushcart as a symbol of hope and education . " In Cavite City , construction is nearly complete on the Dynamic Teen Company 's new educational center , which is designed to resemble the iconic pushcart . Partially funded by the CNN Heroes grant of $ 125,000 , the educational center will include a computer lab , a library , a health clinic , a kitchen used for feeding programs and a garage to store the pushcarts . "  We will call it Care for Poor Children Learning Center , where children will experience having a place to exercise their rights freely and learn life-changing principles , " Peaflorida said . "  It is intended to be finished by early next year ... and -LSB- it -RSB- shall be able to serve hundreds of kids . " Peaflorida says he knows firsthand what these children lack . He spent his childhood in a shanty near a dump site in Cavite City . He founded his organization to provide impoverished children an empowering alternative to gang induction . "  They need education to be successful in life , " he said . "  It 's just giving them what others gave to me . " Peaflorida 's selflessness has inspired documentaries and TV movies about his life in the Philippines and several other countries , including Japan , Korea , Germany , Spain and Canada . Recently , he was invited to bear the torch at the first Youth Olympic Games in Singapore . And he can be seen hosting his own search for heroes on the Philippine television show "  Ako Mismo "  "  I Myself "  . The show features people working in the Philippines to better the lives of others . "  I was told ... that they came up with this TV show inspired by the speech I gave at the Kodak Theater , that each person has a hidden hero within ... waiting to be unleashed , " he said . "  Since I was instrumental in the concept , I must live up to the principles I share and help our country find its heroes and probably help our nation heal herself . " November 22 will be Efren Peaflorida Day in Cavite City , but Peaflorida will likely miss the celebration as he plans to be back in Hollywood honoring this year 's CNN Heroes . "  They are all awesome , " he said . "  The works of those 25 souls are so inspiring and truly remarkable . I personally salute them all . " The 2010 Top Ten CNN Heroes will be announced Thursday , September 23 at 1 p.m. on CNN.com . At that time , online voting will begin to select the 2010 CNN Hero of the Year . The Hero of the Year will be revealed Thanksgiving night during "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " hosted by Anderson Cooper at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , California .	Efren Peaflorida was named CNN Hero of the Year at a Hollywood event in 2009 He started a nonprofit organization that educates poor children in the Philippines Since being named Hero of the Year , "  pushcart classrooms " have spread across the country Peaflorida has also become famous ; he hosts a TV show that features selfless Filipinos
Rolling Stone  -- Just when I was ready to scream if I had to sit through another found-footage chunk of FX out of the "  Blair Witch " / "  Paranormal Activity " playbook , along comes "  Chronicle " to make me a believer . Despite a gimmicky premise , "  Chronicle " fuels its action with characters you can laugh with , understand and even take to heart . Major props to screenwriter Max Landis and director Josh Trank for this mesmerizing mind-bender . "  Chronicle " starts with high school senior Andrew  Dane DeHaan , looking like a young Leo DiCaprio  setting up a camera in his bedroom to catch his abusive father  Michael Kelly  punching him out while Andrew 's mother lies dying downstairs . Neil Young & Crazy Horse to Make Live Return at Paul McCartney Tribute Andrew , the shy loner , finds that chronicling his life with a camcorder is opening his world . That 's especially true when Andrew , his cousin Matt  Alex Russell  and school icon Steve  Michael B. Jordan of "  The Wire "  discover a hole in the ground containing something alien . Whatever it is gifts them with powers that start slow with magic tricks , messing with girls and shifting cars in a parking lot . Cover Story Excerpt : ` The Voice ' DeHaan , Russell and Jordan excel in their roles , especially when the powers extend to flying and screwing with things dangerous and brutally destructive . "  Chronicle " is too thrilling  on a cheapie $ 15 million budget , yet  to ruin with spoilers . The ending is overkill , but the potent and provocative journey never stops springing surprises . You 'll be hooked . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Despite a gimmicky premise , "  Chronicle " fuels its action with characters you can take to heart The characters find a hole in the ground containing something alien that gives them powers The film 's potent and provocative journey never stops springing surprises
CHOEUNG EK , Cambodia  CNN  -- More than 30 years after the genocide , the killing fields still cover Cambodia . Him Huy : "  As soon as I got there , I felt that something was wrong . " Across the country , 20,000 mass graves stand as silent witnesses to the horrors that took the lives of more than 2 million Cambodians . During the rule of the Khmer Rouge , Cambodia 's lush countryside was transformed by slave labor , starvation , fear and execution . Him Huy saw it all firsthand -- as a member of the Khmer Rouge . In 1976 , he was part of a military group , he said , and was ultimately assigned to work at the notorious prison at Tuol Sleng . "  As soon as I got there , I felt that something was wrong , " he said . "  This place kills generations . We all had a sense of what was going on . I knew this place would be full of death . " Once a high school in the middle of Cambodia 's bustling capital city , Tuol Sleng was transformed by the Khmer Rouge into a prison and torture center . In the hallways and classrooms , claustrophobic , rough-hewn cells and interrogation rooms were built to keep prisoners . Other prisoners were held for days and weeks at a time , packed in larger rooms and forced to lay motionless on the floor side by side . At Tuol Sleng , so-called "  political prisoners " were interrogated , beaten , tortured and forced to confess . The barbaric rules for prisoners were posted on the wall , and instructed them , among other things , that "  while getting lashes or electrification , you must not cry at all . " Watch the rules for prisoners at Tuol Sleng " During the reign of the Khmer Rouge , almost 15,000 men , women and children were brought to Tuol Sleng . Only seven survived . The rest were executed and buried at the killing fields at Choeung Ek . Him Huy says he was in charge of receiving prisoners , both at Tuol Sleng and when they arrived at Choeung Ek . Some workers transported prisoners to the killing fields . Then , Huy says , they "  opened the car door and gathered some cloth to tie the prisoners . Then they were led one by one into -LSB- a -RSB- house . After all the prisoners were led in , a group of us helped to guard and lead the prisoners to the ditches , where another group were waiting to kill the prisoners . " Him Huy says he was occasionally forced to hit prisoners at the graveside before others came to slit their throats and finish the job . Watch Him Huy demonstrate what he did at Choeung Ek " Some witnesses accuse Him Huy of taking an active role in the horrors at Tuol Sleng , including executing prisoners and separating infants and children from their mothers and sending them to slaughter . Him Huy said he was only doing what he was forced to do . "  We did not do this on our own . The Khmer Rouge brought us here , and we knew nothing . And once you got here you can not leave . The tasks were assigned and told and done . So if someone was assigned to spy , they spied ; if they were assigned to guard , they guarded . " Him Huy said no one dared resist . "  During that time , you do what you can to survive . If you do n't do what they say , you die . "	Him Huy was a member of the Khmer Rouge , assigned to work at Tuol Sleng The notorious prison and torture center was once a Phnom Penh high school Some witnesses accuse Him Huy of taking an active role in the horrors there Him Huy says he was only doing what he was forced to do
CNN  A former cop "  disenfranchised with law enforcement " and known to own "  a lot of guns " is accused of killing his ex-wife before ambushing a sheriff and deputy who responded to the scene , a Georgia Bureau of Investigation official said Monday . The deaths appear to have resulted from a "  long-simmering domestic dispute , " Rusty Andrews , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's deputy director of investigations , told reporters . Anthony Giaquinta , an ex-military contractor and a former law enforcement officer with the Gainesville Police Department and Habersham County Sheriff 's Office , was found dead from what police believe was an exchange of gunfire with a deputy . Giaquinta 's 16-year-old daughter and her boyfriend were at the house outside Clarkesville when Giaquinta arrived and produced a gun . She heard gunshots , saw her mom dead , called 911 and fled , Andrews told reporters . Habersham County Sheriff Joey Terrell , Deputy Bill Zigan and a second unnamed deputy responded to the scene and found Kathy Giaquinta Smith dead in the garage , Andrews said . Terrell and the second deputy entered the house to search it , while Zigan secured the garage entrance in case Giaquinta returned , Andrews said . There , Zigan was "  likely ambushed from a position Giaquinta had taken " in a nearby wooded area , he said . Struck by multiple bullets from Giaquinta 's Glock 9-millimeter , Zigan took cover between two vehicles inside the garage . Terrell and the other deputy entered the garage after hearing gunshots , and Giaquinta fired again from a position to the side of the garage door , striking Terrell in the bicep , Andrews said . The second deputy then exchanged gunfire with Giaquinta , Andrews said . The officers called for backup , and after setting up a perimeter around the home , they found Giaquinta 's body in the back yard . There was no sign of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , and it appears he was killed by the "  return fire by law enforcement , " Andrews said . The medical examiner will make the final determination on Giaquinta 's cause of death . Also in the yard was the body of Steve Singleton , a 45-year-old Flowery Branch man who police believe "  had some type of friendship with Kathy Giaquinta Smith , " Andrews said . It 's unclear how Singleton died . The sequence of events remains unclear , but early indications are that Singleton was killed before police arrived . Terrell was released from the Northeast Georgia Medical Center late Sunday , and Zigan remains in the hospital for "  further treatment and observation , " County Manager Phillip Sutton said Monday morning , adding that he 's "  hopeful that he will be released soon . " The alleged shooter is a former Gainesville police dog handler who also worked for the Habersham County Sheriff 's Office , Andrews said . He left the sheriff 's office to take an overseas position as a military contractor and returned to the Habersham County force before being terminated in June 2013 following an allegation of domestic violence , Andrews said . That allegation was never adjudicated , he said . Though there had been no previous reports of gun activity involving Giaquinta , Andrews said it was "  well-known that Anthony had a lot of guns in his possession . " Andrews said he was unaware of any bad blood among Giaquinta and the sheriff and deputies who responded , but Giaquinta was "  disenfranchised with law enforcement in general . " Terrell "  was asked to go there to help with the situation , " Sutton said , though he did n't say why the sheriff was requested at the scene . On Sunday , Sutton told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that the sheriff responded to the call "  probably because he knew the person who was involved in the incident " and because he thought he could calm down Giaquinta . The Habersham County Sheriff 's Office made national headlines last year after the department SWAT unit , based on word from an informant , conducted a drug raid at a house , throwing a flash-bang grenade and seriously burning a 19-month-old baby . In that case , officers did not find the drugs they were seeking at the house , only methamphetamine residue . Habersham County is about 85 miles north of Atlanta . CNN 's Karan Olson and Paul Matadeen contributed to this report .	"  Long-simmering domestic dispute " turned deadly , GBI says Daughter , 16 , called police after dad killed mom , according to police The alleged shooter was later found dead after shootout , investigator says
CNN  -- On Thursday , Scotland goes to the polls to consider leaving the United Kingdom . I 'm praying they say no . For their sakes and for our sakes as fellow Britons . We need each other . Do n't get me wrong : the English , the Scots , the Welsh and the Northern Irish are all very different people . You can tell it in the accents -- as an Englishman , I find it almost impossible to do a passable Scottish voice because I just ca n't sustain the requisite level of anger . And while the English are known for introversion and a terror of being noticed , the heat generated by the independence referendum has been a testament to the Scots ' uncompromising desire to say what they 're really thinking . You see those differences marked in the landscape . Journeying from London to Glasgow to observe the campaign , I was struck by the sudden shift in geography as our train crossed the border . Where England is small and crowded , Scotland is huge and empty . English fields give way to massive Caledonian hills covered in green trees with bald patches of purple flowers . The valleys look like God smashed a fist into the soil -- wild , deep and jagged . That righteous Scottish temper showing through again . But it 's precisely these differences that have made the Union between our countries so remarkable -- and so important . For 300 years , we have sustained a political alliance between nations with distinct cultures that has produced one of the world 's most successful experiments in getting along against the odds . It 's a relationship of convenience , of course -- begun in part so that Scotland could share in our imperial ambitions . And , as such , Scotland 's presence in the Union has been sustained hitherto largely by good will . We may all have different understandings of our identity , but we share a common understanding of our needs . This began to change in the years after World War II . As the empire vanished and industry declined , so the economic outlook of Scotland and England began to diverge . A turning point was the election of Margaret Thatcher in 1979 -- a right-wing leader who may have helped raise living standards in Scotland but whose faith in free markets became increasingly at odds with the Scottish preference for a well-financed public sector . Scotland could have rallied to the left-wing Labour Party , but Labour , too , moved drastically to the right and left many of its working-class constituents behind . The credit crunch challenged the idea that the Union was impervious to economic shock and discredited our political leadership in London . Many Scots turned toward independence as an alternative way of ordering their affairs  while many Englishmen drifted toward the conservative United Kingdom Independence Party  . Hence , much of the campaign for independence has centered not around nationalist themes , but socialist ones instead . Its supporters imagine that if freed from the more right-wing English , they 'd be able to spend more and invest in public services . In fact , the opposite is true . Such is the likely size of an independent Scotland 's debt , and so uncertain is the future of its currency , that it would almost certainly have to raise taxes through the roof . That brings us back to the benefits of sticking together . They are both material and emotional . On the material side , Britain may have been through a tough period recently , but it is now growing mightily . We are predicted to overtake the perfidious French in the size of our economy by 2020 -- making us the fifth biggest in the world . Our accomplishments in the fields of constructing a welfare state or investing in high-tech sectors have been made possible by sharing resources and talent . Likewise , in a frighteningly insecure world , we all benefit from a united defense . OK , so Britain 's army no longer patrols an empire . But it is still one of the most powerful in the world , boasts a nuclear deterrent  moored in Scotland  and is a lynchpin of the Atlantic alliance . The army is perhaps at the heart of the emotional case for the Union . Standing together , we 've helped win two world wars and seen off the Argentine invasion of the Falklands in 1982 . Soldiers have fought in defense of their constituent countries , but always under the banner of the United Kingdom . The ties that bind us , then , are historical and poetic . Every New Year , we Britons sing "  Auld Lang Syne " -- written by the Scottish poet Robert Burns . It 's a song about the importance of remembering old friendships : "  And there 's a hand my trusty friend ! / And give me a hand o ' thine ! / And we 'll take a right good-will draught , / For auld lang syne . " It might seem silly to reduce a decision about the future of a nation to a few lines of a song sung drunkenly and off-key at midnight , but friendship is a precious thing that men will give their lives for . Many , many British soldiers have done so in the past . I would save the Union out of respect for their memory alone . To the Union and the world , the Scots have brought poetry both sublime and hilariously bad . Schoolchildren across the UK still read the awful lines of William McGonagall that serve as a primer for how not to write . Scottish geniuses -- Adam Smith , David Hume , James Watt , Robert Louis Stevenson , James Braid , Kenneth Graham , Sir Walter Scott , Muriel Spark , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle -- have also given us all the invention of classical economics , a proud tradition of banking , color photography , the flushing toilet , golf , hypnotism , penicillin and the television set . The locals have also supplied Britain with its last hopeful myth : the rumored existence of the Loch Ness Monster . It 's nonsense , of course , but a reminder -- again -- of how much mystery and wonder the Scottish countryside brings to the UK . We are hoping to reintroduce wolves there . If Scotland votes this week for independence , we will divorce with dignity  excepting a few rows about debt and nuclear weapons  . But the United Kingdom will miss her dearly . We will be reduced and forced to think afresh about who we are and what we stand for . If I 'm honest , the prospect of a Union dominated too heavily by the English worries me . We 're simply not as loquacious or romantic as our Scottish cousins .	Historian Timothy Stanley wants Scotland to stay in the United Kingdom He notes that the historical relationship changed after World War II Scots ' quest for a wider social safety net may be hard to achieve alone , he says Stanley says he 'd miss England 's romantic , talkative partners if they go
CNN  -- Barack Obama 's overseas trip has generated a lot more buzz than John McCain 's foreign travels , but when it comes to popularity abroad , both candidates have their strengths . Sen. Barack Obama 's trip to the Middle East and Europe has attracted heavy media attention . McCain is more of a familiar face among Europe 's politicians . The senator from Arizona is better known because he 's met with a lot of foreign leaders and has been active in conferences overseas , said Robin Niblett , a London , England-based international affairs analyst . But European lawmakers said McCain 's experience could work against him because of the association with President Bush and the war in Iraq . Obama , on the other hand , is more of a fresh face abroad ; the trip is his first since sewing up the Democratic nomination in June . It 's his first visit to Afghanistan and first to Iraq in two years . In addition to Afghanistan and Iraq , Obama has passed through Kuwait since leaving the United States on Thursday . He 's expected to visit Jordan and Israel before making a European swing through Germany , France and the United Kingdom . The novelty of Obama 's trip increases the media attention because the storyline is more interesting , according to Michael Crowley , senior editor of The New Republic . Watch : Is Obama 's trip getting too much coverage ? " "  When McCain goes overseas , it 's sort of ` dog bites man . ' There 's not really that much of an interesting angle to it , " Crowley said Sunday on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " "  This is an incredible story , the first African-American nominee going abroad after a long period of anti-Americanism , promising a new start and a new direction for the country . There 's so many fascinating angles , whereas McCain is sort of offering somewhat more of a continuation of what we already know . " Although Obama is making his trip abroad as a senator from Illinois and not a presidential candidate , the tour is aimed at boosting his foreign policy credentials . His trip has produced several high-profile photo ops , including pictures of Obama with American troops and with leaders such as Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . All three of the major U.S. broadcast networks ' anchors -- Katie Couric , Charlie Gibson and Brian Williams -- are set to cover Obama from overseas . "  What that means , of course , is that the ` CBS Evening News , ' ` NBC Nightly News ' and ABC 's ` World News ' will be broadcast from Europe and the Middle East this week , throwing an even brighter spotlight on Barack 's -LSB- Obama 's -RSB- excellent adventure , " said Howard Kurtz , host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " McCain , however , was met by zero anchors on his foreign trips since he became the presumptive Republican nominee , Kurtz pointed out . A recent poll from Britain 's Guardian newspaper and ICM Research suggests that Obama is five times as popular as McCain there . Conducted this month , the poll indicates that 53 percent think Obama would make the better president , compared with 11 percent for McCain . The remaining 36 percent declined to express a preference . The survey , conducted July 9-10 , questioned 1,009 adults and has a sampling error of plus or minus 3.2 percentage points . Back in the United States , Obama leads McCain by a much smaller margin : 47 percent to 41 percent , according to CNN 's latest "  poll of polls . " The poll of polls includes five surveys : Gallup  July 12-14  , CBS/The New York Times  July 7-14  , ABC/The Washington Post  July 10-13  , Quinnipiac  July 8-13  and Newsweek  July 9-10  . CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Barack Obama meets foreign leaders on trip to Mideast and Europe Obama has slight edge over John McCain in U.S. polls but big lead in British one Media coverage of Obama 's trip has been extensive McCain has been overseas more often , so Obama trip has novelty factor , editor says
CNN  -- More than 11 years after the start of the war in Afghanistan , there is some cause to celebrate and some reason to worry . But more than anything , maybe , there are questions . Those questions were on display Friday as Presidents Barack Obama and Hamid Karzai met in Washington to discuss the future of Afghanistan and the United States ' role there . Some celebration is justified . Osama bin Laden is dead . Al Qaeda in Afghanistan is gasping for air . Before the United States invaded in 2001 , the Taliban forbade women to even come out of their homes . Now women have more freedom -- more than 2 million girls are going to school . More than 300,000 Afghan children who live in the country are on Facebook . But it 's not all good news . Military and civilian deaths continue . Contributing on the military side is the phenomenon dubbed "  green-on-blue " or "  insider " attacks . Of the more than 2,000 American deaths since the 2001 invasion , an increasing number have come at the hands of the Afghans they trusted and trained . It 's worse for Afghans . Afghan National Security Forces are victims of a greater number of these insider attacks , a Department of Defense spokesman told CNN Friday . And consider some of the events of 2012 : The year began with a video showing Marines urinating on dead Afghans . Published photos showed U.S. troops posing with corpses and U.S. soldiers burned Qurans at Bagram Air Force Base , apparently an act committed out of ignorance that it offended Islam . Protests ensued . Presidents agree to speed transition Then there 's U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , accused of rampaging through an Afghan village , murdering 17 Afghan civilians , including women and children . On Friday , the two presidents agreed to accelerate the military transition in Afghanistan . Afghan forces will take the lead in combat missions throughout the country starting in spring , instead of midyear as was previously expected . Even though Obama and Karzai agreed on some issues , others remain . Who 's in control ? First , Karzai is n't eligible to run for reelection in 2014 . Because the country has a constitution and a working government , it 's likely that at least some of the points he and Obama agree to could be carried out when he 's out of power . But no one can say for sure , analysts note . So far , who would run for president after Karzai is unclear , though some intriguing names have been bandied around . On the ground , U.S. officials have said anywhere between zero to 9,000 U.S. forces could remain in Afghanistan past 2014 . Not only will they perhaps have to operate in the tense green-on-blue environment , U.S. trainers who are teaching Afghan military enlistees how to fight say they are under enormous pressure to meet numbers at the sacrifice of quality , experts say . Gayle Lemmon , an American journalist who has spent years off and on in Afghanistan , most recently in December 2011 , said a U.S. contractor who is training Afghan recruits complained to her that he does n't have to thoroughly do his job . "  There has been a huge amount of pressure to put as many bodies in Afghani uniform as possible to meet 2013 deadlines , " she said . "  He thought he had OK people but he did n't have time to pick out who was best and train the ones who needed extra help . " The "  overwhelming majority " of them are coming from "  ordinary Afghans signing up for the military , " experienced war correspondent Dexter Filkins has reported . What 's the tab ? This week , Karzai gave the Pentagon a wish list of hardware such as drones and helicopters that he said would help him continue to fight terrorists . No dollar amount has been decided . Estimates range from $ 1 billion to $ 10 billion a year -- and that includes military expenses , hardware and training , the whole deal that Afghanistan could n't afford on its own . "  These are really funny numbers because no one knows the extent of what the U.S. is willing to offer , " Lemmon notes . Whatever amount Obama administration floats will have to win approval from Congress . Former U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Ronald Neumann told CNN Friday that he thinks the total bill is going to depend on military presence . At a minimum , he figures , the United States will spend $ 5 billion in aid and military , not counting what would be spent for embassy costs . Those numbers can not be calculated in a vacuum , either . As a discussion at the Brookings Institute involving the former U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan noted , Afghanistan is facing a major economic downturn after 2014 . A lot of money that has gone into Afghanistan has been wasted , numerous reports have shown . In 2011 , one nonpartisan group told Congress that the United States was wasting $ 12 million a day among contracts issued to support American efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan , CNN reported . Even Karzai , prompted by a question from a reporter , said Friday "  We have corruption . " Opinion : Abandon Afghanistan ? A dumb idea Who is the U.S. talking with and why ? Last May , Obama made a surprise visit to Afghanistan , where he gave a speech about the end of the war . He said , "  We 're pursuing a negotiated peace " with the Taliban . To be clear , al Qaeda and the Taliban are two different entities , though there are ties . Al Qaeda is a terrorist group created by Osama bin Laden . The Taliban has provided shelter and support to al Qaeda . In its newest incarnation , the Taliban has new , and some younger-generation , members who say they want to find peace with the United States . In short , this is a complicated topic , as Foreign Policy detailed in December . Former Ambassador Neumann said it 's wrong to call it a negotiation . Instead , he said , it 's "  a group of multiple players we are only talking to . We are trying to see if there 's negotiating room . " On the Afghan side , a November poll by the independent San Francisco-based group Asia Foundation found that more than half of Afghans felt that their country was moving in the right direction . That includes agreeing with the negotiation of government officials and those trying to work toward peace to talk with and find common ground with militants . Will the U.S. public stay interested ? There were complaints during the U.S. presidential election that Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney did not talk enough about Afghanistan . But polls have shown that most Americans are tired of the war . A CNN/ORC International poll in September showed that only 3 % named Afghanistan as one of the most important issues facing the United States . Earlier in 2012 , CNN polling indicated that only 25 % of Americans favored the war , and 55 % said the United States should remove all of its troops before 2014 . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta pushed back against that figure at the time , saying polls do n't fight wars . And this week he reiterated his opposition to taking the number of troops in Afghanistan down to a paltry sum , and said zero is out of the question for him . If the United States military does n't have a strong presence there , the chances of talking -- or negotiating -- with the Taliban is diminished , he argued . Neumann said he thinks the American public is disinterested in a war that has dragged on for so many years . That 's a hurtful thing to hear for military families who have endured so much . Rebekah Sanderlin , a journalist and longtime military culture blogger , is disheartened by such talk . Her husband has done multiple tours in Afghanistan and is preparing to go back . "  It 's offensive to me to hear that from people who have n't had skin in the game , that they are weary , " she said . "  We still have troops fighting , sacrificing time with their families . All of that is much harder when you do n't feel like your country is behind you . " Opinion : Obama should be honest with Karzai Read more : Defense officials to press Karzai on what he needs Read more : Karzai visit a time for tough talk on security , corruption CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : The two presidents agree to accelerate the military transition The White House has floated the idea of leaving no troops in Afghanistan after 2014 Questions include who will follow Karzai and how much it will cost Polls show a low level of interest in the war among Americans
CNN  -- Barcelona maintained their 100 % record in La Liga on Saturday night with a memorable 3-2 win against Sevilla at the Estadio Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan . An injury-time strike from substitute David Villa preserved Tito Vilanova 's side perfect start to the season after Sevilla had built a 2-0 lead . Winger Piotr Trochowski put the home side in front firing home in the 26th minute before Spanish striker Negredo doubled the lead in the 48th minute -- executing a delightful chip over the onrushing Victor Valdes after being played in by Gary Medel . A Barca fightback looked unlikely , but was given momentum five minutes later when Cesc Fabregas fired home a left-foot drive . Sevilla attempts to hang on to their lead were n't helped when Medel was shown a red card by referee Antonio Miguel Mateu Lahoz $  for an apparent head butt on Fabregas in the 72nd minute . It proved a pivotal point in the game . Barcelona , aided by substitute 's Thiago and Villa , surged forward in search of an equalizer which eventually arrived from the boot of Fabregas who calmly slotted home under Andres Palop after Lionel Messi had played him in . The Argentine was on hand again for the third , linking with Villa who banged home the winner deep into stoppage time . Barcelona have 18 points from six matches while Sevilla remain in fifth with 11 . Real Madrid , who have just seven points from their opening five matches , play Deportivo La Coruna on Sunday . In Saturday 's other matches , Valencia beat Real Zaragoza 2-0 thanks to goals in either half from Algerian midfielder Feghouli and Jonathan Viera while Malaga moved up to second with a thumping 4-0 win over Real Betis at the Estadio La Rosaleda . Joaquin opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 13th minute before Javier Saviola doubled the lead 15 minutes later . An Amaya own-goal in the 72nd minute sealed victory but Isco added a fourth two minutes later to round off a resounding win . In Italy , Juventus consolidated their position at the top of Serie A with a convincing 4-1 win against Roma . Andrea Pirlo , Arturo Vidal and Alessandro Matri all scored in the first 20 minutes to all but seal victory . Osvaldo converted a penalty to pull one back for the visitors with 19 minutes remaining , but an injury-time goal from Sebastian Giovinco rounded off a comfortable evening for the league leaders as they edged three points clear of Napoli , who travel to Sampdoria on Sunday . AC Milan were held to a 1-1 draw against Parma at the Stadio Ennio Tardini . Stephan El Shaarawy 's put the visitors ahead five minutes into the second half only for Daniele Galloppa to equalize 11 minutes later .	Fabregas scores brace as Barcelona come back from 2-0 down to win 3-2 at Sevilla Malaga move up to second with a thumping 4-0 win over Real Betis ; Valencia beat Zaragoza 2-0 In Serie A , Juventus extend lead at top of table with a 4-1 win over Roma ; AC Milan draw 1-1 at Parma
CNN  -- With a probate court trial over the sale of the Los Angeles Clippers scheduled to begin Monday , lawyers for Donald Sterling filed paperwork Thursday to have the matter moved to federal court . Donald Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , is asking a probate judge to approve an agreement she reached with billionaire Steve Ballmer to sell the NBA team . For years , she and her husband had equal shares in the franchise through a family trust , but Shelly Sterling negotiated a deal in late May to sell the team after two doctors declared her husband was mentally incapacitated . Donald Sterling 's lawyers filed a notice of removal in U.S. District Court in central California requesting the change of courts . Shelly Sterling 's attorney called Thursday 's legal maneuvering a "  desperate act by a desperate man . " "  This latest bad-faith maneuver on the eve of his reckoning is a cowardly ploy to do just one thing : Kill a record-setting $ 2 billion sale of the Clippers , " Pierce O'Donnell said . Donald Sterling 's court filing says a probate court is not the proper jurisdiction for the case . His lead attorney said his privacy rights have been violated . "  As we have stated repeatedly and from the onset of this matter , it is our contention that Donald 's privacy rights have been trampled by the release of his medical records , " attorney Bobby Samini said . "  In our request for removal to federal court , we have reasserted that Donald 's rights under HIPAA  Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act  and other federal privacy laws have been violated . " O'Donnell called the claim "  preposterous , " saying that Donald Sterling , who is a lawyer , authorized release of his medical records as a term of the trust . Ballmer 's attorney , Adam Streisand , said in a statement that he would file for emergency relief in federal court to block the move , which he called frivolous . He predicted it would delay Monday 's trial as they waited for a federal judge to respond to their request . A message on the District Court 's website said it would be closed Friday . Donald Sterling , 80 , has been embroiled in controversy since a recording of a conversation with his friend V. Stiviano was posted online in late April . The recording included a series of racist comments . Sterling 's comments , first posted on TMZ , sparked outrage among NBA players , executives and fans . NBA commissioner Adam Silver fined Sterling $ 2.5 million and banned him for life from the NBA . The NBA 's board of governors , representatives from each of the 30 ownership groups , is scheduled to meet July 15 and could approve a sale then if the legal aspects of the deal are sorted out . For the team to be sold , either Donald Sterling would have to sign a binding term sheet or a court would have to agree Shelly Sterling acted legally in selling the team . Donald Sterling 's mental capacity not issue for trial Donald Sterling accused of threatening to ` take out ' wife 's lawyer , sue doctors Judge denies witness protection request by Donald Sterling 's wife CNN 's Lindy Hall and Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	Lawyers for Donald Sterling filed paperwork with a federal court Right now the case is in a state probate court The trial to decide if Shelly Sterling had the right to sell the Clippers was to begin Monday That might be delayed -- or changed -- depending on how the federal judge rules
CNN  -- American Wayne Odesnik has accepted "  a voluntary provisional suspension " from tennis after pleading guilty to importing human growth hormone into Australia . Odesnik , currently ranked 111th in the world , was heading for the Brisbane International tournament in January when he was stopped by customs officers . The 24-year-old pleaded guilty to taking eight vials of human growth hormone into the country at Brisbane Magistrates Court and was hit with an $ 8,000 fine . Odesnik has agreed to a temporary suspension , though he can decide return to the game at any time , and must wait to hear the findings of an independent tribunal after the Tennis Anti-Doping Programme has concluded its investigation of the case . A statement on the International Tennis Federation Web site said : "  Wayne Odesnik has accepted a voluntary provisional suspension from all events covered under the Tennis Anti-Doping Programme , including Grand Slam tournaments , ATP-sanctioned events and ITF-sanctioned tournaments . "  In accordance with normal policy , the ITF does not intend to make further comment on this matter until its resolution . "	American tennis player Wayne Odesnik has accepted a voluntary suspension from tennis Odesnik pleaded guilty to importing human growth hormone into Australia The 24-year-old was stopped in January by customs officials in Brisbane
CNN  -- A Spanish study found women are more susceptible to guilt than men , and suggested that in the interests of equality , men should accept more guilt , women less . Equality considered in such terms is a shibboleth . Guilt is bad stuff ; it poisons life , saps resolution and crushes orgasmic potency . No psychologist ought to wish more guilt on anyone of any sex . Dr. Itziar Extebarria , who led the study of 360 men and women carried out at the University of the Basque Country and published in the Spanish Journal of Psychology , says the research "  highlights the need for educational practices and socializing agents to reduce the tendency towards anxious aggressive guilt in women , and to promote interpersonal sensitivity in men . " Rescuing women from their burden of unwarranted guilt is going to require "  educational practices and socializing agents " even more effective than the ones that have been relentlessly loading female humans with responsibility for other people 's behavior from their earliest childhood . Guilt is one side of a nasty triangle ; the other two are shame and stigma . This grim coalition combines to inculpate women themselves of the crimes committed against them . Opinion : Why women trash successful women Women feel more guilt than men , not because of some weird chromosomal issue but because they have a history of being blamed for other people 's behavior . You get hit , you must have annoyed someone ; you get raped , you must have excited someone ; your kid is a junkie , you must have brought him up wrong . Any victim of sexual offenses who denounces the perpetrator should incur no shame . But she does . And to conceal the identity of a victim of a sexual offense , which is routine , is to endorse this profoundly misogynist prejudice . Until women feel free to identify offenders without shame , the wounds inflicted on them will remain unhealed . For example , the Indian gang rape victim who was given the International Women of Courage Award by the U.S. State Department on International Women 's Day recently is known only by a collection of sobriquets , of which the popular favorite is "  Nirbhaya , " or "  Fearless . " No member of her family was present at the ceremony to hear U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry say fatuously that there would be "  no more stigma against victims or survivors " when he had perpetuated that very stigma by refusing to reveal Nirbhaya 's identity . Why can we not know who Nirbhaya was ? Because to be raped by a gang of drunken goondahs is to be dishonored . The stigma extends to her family , her community and even to her university . She has been honored because she did the decent thing . She died . She is not around screaming for justice ; she is dead . Her achievement is to be a victim . When the Obama administration hooked its wagon to the star of a sex martyr , it did little for the women who endure humiliation and stigma every day . Libyan Eman al-Obeidy has not been identified as a woman of courage , even though -- or perhaps because -- on March 26 , 2011 , she sought out the international media at the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli to denounce the 15 Moammar Gadhafi thugs who gang-raped her , beat her and pushed a Kalashnikov into her rectum . She found temporary asylum in Qatar only to be handed back to the Libyans ; she is now living in exile in the United States . Her mistake was to survive . Because she did not die for other people 's crimes , the offenses against her are now described as "  alleged . " Her credibility is shot . Eman al-Obeidy : When rape is a tool of repression Women live lives of continual apology . They are born and raised to take the blame for other people 's behavior . If they are treated without respect , they tell themselves that they have failed to earn respect . If their husbands do not fancy them , it is because they are unattractive . Dirt and disorder in the family home is their fault , though they created none of it . In Shakespeare 's "  Othello , " as Desdemona lies dying , strangled by her husband , Emilia cries out , "  Oh who hath done this deed ? " and Desdemona answers , "  Nobody . I myself . " The moment is extreme , but the phenomenon happens daily . Women all over the world , across cultures , are excusing the violence that men mete out to them , often , most tragically , interpreting acts of pure brutality as evidence of love . According to the British Crime Survey , two women die at the hands of their male partners every week . The police ca n't help them if they wo n't leave a violent partner ; they choose to stay and die . Until we have unraveled this conundrum , we will never understand women . Until women themselves reject stigma and refuse to feel shame for the way others treat them , they have no hope of achieving full human stature . U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt described the four essential freedoms as freedom of speech , freedom of worship , freedom from want and freedom from fear . The fifth essential freedom to be fought for is freedom from shame . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Germaine Greer .	Germaine Greer : Study found women feel the poison of guilt more than men Greer : Women are raised to take the blame for crimes against them , she says When a rape victim is unnamed , she says , it supports the stigmatization of rape Greer : Women must reject stigma and refuse to feel shame for the way others treat them
CNN  -- Dear Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , As much as America is looking forward to 10 more weeks of soothing campaign rhetoric  fingernails on the blackboard of America 's psyche  , I write to urge you to offer the nation a compelling vision for a common-sense immigration process . Your respective parties ' conventions would be a great place to start . First off , you should know that poll after poll shows a broad spectrum of Americans want a rational immigration process . In fact , a recent Washington Post-Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that immigration was one of only a few public policy issues where , as the Post put it , "  rank-and-file Republicans and Democrats are less divided . " A creative approach to immigration may not play to your parties ' fringes , but a clear majority of Americans want a pragmatic federal immigration policy . Yet while the immigration solutions are simple , changing the conversation is not . Opinion : Is Ryan an immigration pragmatist ? Let 's start with what it means to be an American . The United States is a nation of values , founded on an idea : that all men and women are created equal . That all people have rights , no matter what they look like or where they came from . It 's not about what religion you follow or where you were born that makes you American -- it 's how you live your life and your dedication to American ideals . Americans believe families should stick together , we should look out for one another , and hard work deserves reward . These are the reasons America is destination No. 1 for the best , brightest and hardest working from around the world . How you treat new American immigrants reflects your commitment to these values that define us as Americans . As president , how will you ensure that no aspiring American lives in the shadows , and that there is a road map to citizenship for the undocumented ? The same is true today as it has been throughout history : People move to make life better for themselves and their families . People come to America not only for the promise of freedom but also to put food on the table and to send their kids to a decent school . And to rebuild our economy , we need new Americans as customers , innovators , taxpayers and workers . According to a report out this month from the Partnership for a New American Economy , immigrants launched 28 % of the country 's new businesses in 2011 despite accounting for less than 13 % of the U.S. population . The organization found that immigrant-owned firms now generate more than $ 775 billion in revenue , $ 125 billion in payroll and $ 100 billion in income . But immigrant entrepreneurs are just one part of a 21st-century economy . For example , a July economic analysis by the BBVA Bancomer Foundation and Mexico Economic Studies Department of BBVA Research found that Mexican immigrants are responsible for 18 % of our gross domestic product in agriculture , forestry or fishing . In other words , "  nearly one fifth of the national value added of agriculture in the U.S. comes from the work of Mexican immigrants . " Rest assured that Americans of all stripes hunger for a new consensus on immigration . Earlier this summer , Focus on the Family 's president , Jim Daly , told Christianity Today , "  In terms of immigration , our system , our process is not working well . It 's broken . We need to find new answers to this . " Opinion : Today , America welcomes young immigrants Meanwhile , AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said in a June statement , "  We call on both parties to work with the president toward a legislative solution that will address the parents and families of these immigrant youth , and the millions of undocumented workers who are now living in the shadows . " All of us who believe so strongly in America 's promise deserve from you an immigration process where all of us live our lives openly , participate fully in our communities and serve our country together . Gentlemen , to be specific , this process must enforce the rule of law so all Americans are treated justly , create legal immigration opportunities that serve the needs of our economy and create a line for the undocumented to become full-fledged Americans . The status quo fails to meet this standard . America will be a more vital nation when you engage in a debate that honors our common values and common history , and from which emerge pragmatic immigration solutions that lead us forward together . Sincerely , Ali Noorani The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Noorani .	Ali Noorani : Nation needs a compelling vision for a common-sense immigration process Poll after poll shows Americans want a rational immigration process , Noorani says He cites report that immigrants launched 28 % of the country 's new businesses in 2011 Noorani : We must create legal immigration opportunities that serve the needs of our economy
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Two bombings in separate Iraq provinces on Monday killed eight U.S. troops , the U.S. military said . A boy with a machine gun weeps Monday at the site of a suicide bombing in Kanan that killed a sheik . A roadside bomb killed three U.S. soldiers and an interpreter in Diyala province , which has been a major front in the war during the "  surge " of U.S. troops fighting insurgents near the capital . Earlier in the day , at least five U.S. soldiers on foot patrol were killed and three others wounded in a suicide bombing in Baghdad . In addition , suicide bombers killed five Iraqis in two bombings in Diyala province Monday morning , including a sheik who helped battle Sunni extremists and his 5-year-old niece . Watch new suicide tactics in Iraq " Four U.S. soldiers died at the scene Monday 's Baghdad blast and one more died later of wounds , the military said . They were with Multi-National Division-Baghdad . An Iraqi interpreter also was wounded in the explosion , the officials said . Initial reports indicate the bomber was wearing an explosive vest . "  Five soldiers paid the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of the Iraqi and American people . I ask you remember these fallen heroes and their families as well as their wounded brethren in your thoughts and prayers , " said Col. Allen Batschelet , chief of staff for Multi-National Division-Baghdad . "  We remain resolute in our resolve to protect the people of Iraq and kill or capture those who would bring them harm . " The explosion marks the deadliest attack against the U.S. military since five soldiers were killed January 28 in a roadside bombing in Mosul . Troops killed a Saudi insurgent whose network was responsible for that attack . Earlier , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said one person was killed and eight people were wounded in a suicide bomb attack targeting a U.S. military convoy in western Baghdad . It is not clear if the U.S. and Iraqi reports are about the same incident . Monday 's attacks would bring the number of U.S. troops killed in Iraq this month to 10 . A total of 3,983 military personnel have died in the nearly 5-year-old war . The attack came after a bomber near Baquba targeted the leader of a security group assisting U.S. troops . The teen suicide bomber killed a sheik and a 5-year-old , a day after she went to the sheik 's Kanan home claiming to need help finding her husband , police and family members said . The female suicide bomber , 18 , blew herself up at the sheik 's home Monday morning , police said . The tribal leader was the head of a local citizens group that has been working with U.S. forces to rout out insurgents . The largely Sunni security groups are known as Awakening Councils . Kanan is east of Baquba , situated in the volatile Diyala province , which has been a major front for the "  surge " of U.S.-led troops targeting militants near Baghdad . According to one of the sheik 's cousins , the teen bomber went to the sheik 's house Sunday to ask him for help finding her husband -- thought to be kidnapped or detained . The 18-year-old was told to return Monday , the cousin said . She returned Monday and staged the attack , killing the sheik , his 5-year-old niece and one of his security guards , police said . The attack reflects both the growing use of females as suicide bombers in Iraq and the targeting of Awakening Councils , which are also known as Concerned Citizens Groups or Sons of Iraq . The grass-roots groups , which are sometimes led by former insurgents , have drawn more than 90,000 volunteers to their ranks , military spokesman Rear Adm. Gregory said Sunday . Since November , there have been at least five attacks carried out by female suicide bombers , including a twin bombing at Baghdad pet markets last month that killed almost 100 people . Insurgent groups , particularly al Qaeda in Iraq , are increasingly using women as suicide bombers because they are less likely to be searched , the U.S. military has said . About an hour after the attack at the sheik 's home , another suicide bomber approached Iraqi security forces in Muqdadiya and blew himself up as the forces began shooting at him . The blast killed two civilians and wounded 20 others , including two police officers , authorities said . Muqdadiya also is in Diyala province . In other developments :  A suicide car bomb exploded Monday outside an upscale hotel in Sulaimaniya , killing two people and wounding at least 32 others , police said . The blast occurred at the Sulaimani Palace hotel , located in the center of the city . It is in northern Iraq 's Kurdish region and is a common stop for visiting government officials , businessmen and contractors .  Two bombings in Baghdad on Monday killed an Iraqi and wounded nine others , an Interior Ministry official said . A parked car bomb exploded near an outdoor market in Shaab , a Shiite neighborhood in northeastern Baghdad , killing a civilian and wounding seven others . A roadside bomb exploded on a highway near a U.S. military patrol in eastern Baghdad , wounding two bystanders .  Coalition troops north of Baghdad killed five insurgents and detained 19 people in raids , the U.S. military said Monday . The Sunday raids were part of coalition forces ' "  untiring efforts to remove al Qaeda from Iraq , " said Lt. Col. Maura Gillen , a Multi-National Forces-Iraq spokeswoman .  Several U.S. troops may have been sickened by dirty water intended for hygiene use and supplied to bases around Iraq between 2004 and 2006 , according to a Pentagon report released Monday . However , the Department of Defense inspector general 's report points out that because the water was not monitored , it is impossible to tell for sure if it was dirty and if it contributed to the troops getting sick . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jamie McIntyre , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	NEW : Roadside bomb kills 3 U.S. soldiers and an interpreter in Diyala province Earlier , at least 5 U.S. soldiers on foot patrol die in Baghdad suicide bombing Baghdad blast marks deadliest attack on U.S. troops since January 28 Female suicide bomber kills sheik , 5-year-old niece and guard at Iraqi home
CNN  By the time Kim Kardashian set out to "  break the internet " in November last year , a photo by 23-year-old Conor McDonnell had already got there -- with a little help from Kim 's music superstar husband Kanye West . McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram 's most liked photo , showing the couple 's embrace at their May wedding , which has earned more than 2.4 milllion "  likes " to date . The Liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in November 2011 , snapping the likes of Drake , Justin Bieber , One Direction , Mumford & Sons , Snoop Dogg , and Red Hot Chili Peppers , while traveling the world on private planes . Lasting relationships with stars Ellie Goulding and Rita Ora have followed , and candid snaps of the photographer 's globetrotting , access-all-areas life have seen him accumulate over 25,000 followers on his personal account . Not bad for someone who told CNN Ones to Watch he started photography "  by accident . " Fresh from accompanying Calvin Harris on tour in South America , McDonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base and take great photos on the go . From finding the right lighting , to which filter to chose : play the Instagram videos below to find out how to supercharge your pictures for social media success . "  Good lighting for me makes a shot . If I 'm taking a portrait of someone , I 'd much prefer to use natural lighting than a light bulb or manufactured lighting ! " "  I make use of the rule of thirds quite a lot : if you imagine the screen split up in three thirds , you place the subject in one corner . There 's a lot you can find about it on the internet . " "  There 's a patch here of very bright light and just behind it there 's dark . Trying to expose it right can be tricky but on the iPhone you can do it quite well just by tapping the screen and dragging the exposure up and down . " "  I 'll upload a photo to an app called Snapseed , edit the brightness and contrast in that a little bit , export it . And then open in another app called VSCO Cam , which is my favorite app on my whole phone . " "  On VSCO Cam there 's tons of filters , the one I use the most is probably "  P5 , " then I can edit all sorts ... And once I 'm done I just export it and post it on Instagram . " "  I know photographers who use a lot of hashtags , and hashtags can work if you want to build up your follower base , because a lot more people will probably see a photo than if you did n't hashtag it . "	Conor McDonnell is the young photographer behind Instagram 's most liked photo 23-year-old has snapped the likes of Calvin Harris , Drake , and Justin Bieber
CNN  -- World No. 6 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga entered the record books on Tuesday by winning the longest tennis match in Olympic history . The Frenchman 's second-round clash with Canada 's Milos Raonic took three hours 58 minutes to complete , with the final set ending 25-23 . Tsonga drew first blood , comfortably taking the opening set 6-3 . But Raonic , who is ranked 23rd in the world game , notched up the reverse score line in the second set and was increasingly looking like the man to beat . Three match points came and went for the fifth seed before he finally found a volley at 40-15 in game 66 of the match , which was met with a desperate , failing lunge by Raonic . It ensured the encounter beat the previous record of 48 games in one match between Chile 's Fernando Gonzalez and American Taylor Dent in the Athens Olympics of 2004 . A men 's match at the 1920 Olympics lasted 76 games , but that was played over five sets . It also claimed the record for the longest third set played at an Olympic match . Officials at Wimbledon have become used to rewriting the history books of late . The tennis venue was also the home of the longest game in all competitions when another Frenchman , Nicholas Mahut was beaten by American John Isner in a match lasting 183 games over three days in 2010 . Tsonga admitted this was one of the rare chances he had to shine in the tough world of men 's tennis . "  It 's good because this is the only way to write my name in history for the moment . With Rafa , Roger and Novak , even Andy  Murray  , it 's tough to go through big tournaments . So I 'm really happy . I hope I will have some more , " he told reporters . Meanwhile , Australian wildcard entry Lleyton Hewitt pulled off the shock result of the day in the second round . The former world No. 1 , now ranked 159th , beat Croatia 's No. 13 Maran Cilic , 6-4 7-5 to set up a last-16 clash with Serbian second seed Novak Djokovic . Djokovic ensured there was no such giantkilling for veteran American Andy Roddick , beating his fellow former world No. 1 6-2 6-1 . British hopes in the competition remain in the hands of Wimbledon finalist Andy Murray , who beat 43rd-ranked Jarkko Niemenen from Finland 6-2 6-4 . Third seed Murray will next face Cypriot Marcus Baghdatis , who beat French 16th seed Richard Gasquet 6-4 6-4 . Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer also went through , and will play Japan 's Kei Nishikori in round three . But no more Brits remain in the ladies ' singles , as third seed Maria Sharapova edged closer to her first Olympic medal by overcoming Britain 's former junior Wimbledon winner Laura Robson 7-6  7-5  6-3 . The English teenager admitted being outplayed by the French Open champion , but also had some less than kind words about the state of the hallowed turf on Center Court . "  At 5-5 she  Sharapova  hit a serve that bounced a bit funny so I was already a bit gone with that one . Then I hit a pretty solid serve and her return just died . But it happens on grass courts , especially when they 're really worn , like Center is at the moment , " she told the UK Press Association news agency . Sharapova , who was the first woman to carry Russia 's flag at the opening ceremony , faces a rematch with German 15th seed Sabine Lisicki -- who beat her in the fourth round at Wimbledon . Heather Watson lost 6-3 6-2 to another Russian , 14th seed Maria Kirilenko , to complete a bad day for the women in Team GB . Kirilenko earned a third-round clash with Germany 's Julia Gorges , who upset Poland 's Wimbledon finalist Agnieszka Radwanska in the opening round . World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka strolled into round three with a 6-1 6-2 demolition of Spain 's Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez , earning a match with Russia 's Vera Zvonareva . Venus Williams joined younger sister Serena in the last 16 as the Sydney 2000 singles champion progressed with a 6-1 6-3 win over Canada 's Aleksandra Wozniak . The American will next play German seventh seed Angelique Kerber , who thrashed Hungary 's Timea Babos 6-1 6-1 .	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga wins longest match in Olympic history , breaking two records Andy Murray is the lone Brit remaining in singles as two UK women lose Novak Djokovic and David Ferrrer also progress into last 16 of men 's competition No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , Maria Sharapova and Venus Williams progress in women 's event
CNN  -- There 's a reason why Malaysian officials are so confident it was Flight 370 that sent signals to a satellite many hours after the plane disappeared from radar March 8 . That 's because CNN has learned signals from commercial aircraft to Inmarsat satellites always include a code confirming the identity of the plane . An Inmarsat official , while declining to discuss specifics of Flight 370 , tells CNN the satellite system is highly reliable , that each signal to an aircraft is met by a return signal and that those signals always contains a code verifying the identity of the aircraft . It is "  virtually impossible " to change an aircraft 's identifying code or to confuse one aircraft with another , the Inmarsat official said . Further , after a satellite link is established at the beginning of a plane 's flight , it makes automatic , periodic checks until the end of the flight -- helping investigators determine the duration of the flight , if not its location . That could explain why Malaysian authorities now say they have a "  high degree of confidence " that Flight 370 continued flying well after it disappeared from civilian radar screens . Map it : What happened to Flight 370 ? Government officials now believe the plane continued flying until at least 8:11 a.m. -- almost seven hours after disappearing from radar at 1:21 a.m. Malaysian officials , citing "  satellite information " but giving scant details , this weekend refocused the search for the missing Boeing 777 , moving attention to massive arcs on both sides of the equator . Malaysian authorities believe someone disabled several communications systems , perhaps to conceal the plane 's location . One of those systems was a digital data system known as ACARS , which uses the satellite to relay messages to the ground . But while it is possible for someone in the cockpit to turn off ACARS , the system 's powered antenna remained on , receiving and responding to hourly checks from a ground station , via the satellite . Inmarsat technicians continue to help , the company said . "  Our experts have been pulled into the investigation . We 've had people in Kuala Lumpur , " said Inmarsat subject expert David Coiley . "  We are putting everything into this to assist the investigation as best we can , because it seems there 's no other data set . " How Inmarsat works Inmarsat , which is prohibited from discussing details of the Malaysia Flight 370 investigation , was able to provide CNN with a detailed explanation about how its system works . The London-based satellite communications company owns and operates 10 satellites , all in geostationary orbit some 22,200 miles above the equator . Since a single satellite can see one-third of the Earth , multiple satellites are needed to provide seamless coverage and provide redundancy and reliability , the company said . Among other services , Inmarsat provides satellite communications for the ACARS , the acronym for Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System . It 's a digital datalink for short messages between an aircraft and an airline operations center , air traffic controllers and others . ACARS can be used to send messages and data of all types , including text messages from pilots to dispatchers , or automatically generated data on the health of the plane . When a plane is over land , ACARS messages typically are sent via VHF radio . But when a plane is in remote regions , or over water and out of range of VHF radio , the signal is seamlessly switched to satellite . "  The pilot does n't have to do anything , " Coiley said . At its most fundamental , the satellite is a simple relay , transferring signals from ground stations to the aircraft , and back again , not unlike a cell phone tower , Coiley said . ` Handshakes ' help determine location When an aircraft powers up , the airplane automatically sends a signal logging onto the communications network . Thereafter , the ground station sends "  polling signals " to the satellite , which relays them to the aircraft . When the aircraft responds , it is known as a "  handshake . " The information relayed during the handshake is very limited , but it contains a unique identifying code to identify the aircraft . The purpose of the hourly "  handshakes " is to allow the satellite to know the approximate location of the aircraft so that it can efficiently relay any messages . For this , the satellite needs to know the angle of the aircraft from the satellite . An aircraft directly under the satellite would be at a 90 degree angle to the satellite ; an aircraft at the poles would be at 0 degrees . In the case of Malaysia Airlines 370 , authorities have said , the last message sent was at 40 degrees . Accident investigators , with the help of satellite experts , have used that information to determine the possible location of the plane . "  We 're trying to get up to speed on what that means and how to interpret it , " one U.S. official told reporters . "  It 's sort of a new technology for us . " "  We have never had to use satellite handshaking as the best possible source of information , " the official said . A completed handshake also suggests the plane was operational because the plane needs electrical power to send the return signal . A plane 's return signal is an acknowledgment that , "  Yes , I 'm still here , " Coiley said . In the case of Flight 370 , the "  last successful handshake occurred somewhere along that circle , " the U.S. official said . "  A lot of that semicircle is over land ; a lot of it is over water , " he said . "  We are trying to figure out how we can use that information to give us an idea of what the last known location of the airplane might have been . "	London-based satellite communications company Inmarsat talks to CNN Official says signals from aircraft to Inmarsat satellites always include an ID code It is "  virtually impossible " to change an aircraft 's identifying code , official says This could explain why Malaysia is sure plane continued flying long after radar contact was lost
Why was a Colombian army general traveling deep in rebel territory , out of uniform and without bodyguards ? That country 's largest guerrilla group Tuesday confirmed capturing Gen. Rubn Daro Alzate . The announcement came during a news conference in Havana , where guerrillas and Colombian government officials have been holding peace talks . Both Colombian government officials and rebel leaders said they did not know what Alzate was doing in a remote area of western Colombia when guerrillas captured him over the weekend . Colombian media reported he was the highest-ranking officer to be taken prisoner during the country 's blood , five-decades-old civil war . Alzate commands a 2,500-soldier counterinsurgency group and previously headed the army 's anti-kidnapping unit . Leaders of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as FARC , said they gained a valuable prize by taking Alzate prisoner . "  We are talking about a general who is one of the most important generals to their concept of counter-insurgency , " the FARC leader known as Pablo Catatumbo said at the news conference Tuesday . On Monday , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos suspended the peace talks and demanded that FARC release Alzate immediately . Santos also called on the country 's military to investigate why Alzate had apparently broken protocol by venturing into rebel territory . According to Colombian government officials , Alzate was traveling by a boat along a river in an area known to be a hub for drug smugglers and rebels when he , an Army lawyer and a corporal were captured . A second soldier traveling with the group managed to escape and told officials that Alzate and his companions had been in the area to inspect an energy project . But on Tuesday , FARC leaders said no such project exists in that area and that they were also baffled what Alzate 's presence there . FARC leaders would not say whether they would free Alzate so that the peace talks could continue . "  We are willing to find a prompt , calm and just solution to this problem , " said Catatumbo . The U.S. government has provided Colombia 's military with billions of dollars in training and aid to battle FARC guerrillas , who authorities accuse of massive-scale drug trafficking to finance their insurgency . At the beginning of the peace talks in 2012 , FARC leaders said they had released all their prisoners and hostages as a sign of good faith . But President Santos has resisted their offers of a ceasefire , saying a previous armistice allowed rebels to seize large swathes of territory .	Gen. Rubn Daro Alzate was captured over the weekend Colombia 's President has suspended peace talks with FARC rebels over the matter FARC leaders say they gained a valuable prize by capturing the general
Atlanta  CNN  -- Virginia State University 's football team is ineligible for post-season play , because VSU football players were accused of beating Winston-Salem State University quarterback Rudy Johnson . The ruling comes from the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association and follows the cancellation of Division II collegiate championship games this weekend . "  One suspect has admitted to his role in the attack and has been arrested on criminal assault charges , " said WSSU Chancellor Donald Reaves . According to Forsyth County Sheriff 's Office jail records , Virginia State player Lamont Britt , 22 , was arrested Friday on a misdemeanor charge of assault inflicting injury . His bond was set at $ 7,500 . It could not be determined late Friday if Britt had a lawyer . "  The University Police Department is attempting to identify the other VSU players who were involved , " said Reaves . CIAA championship game cancelled after attack on Winston-Salem State QB The alleged attack on Johnson occurred Friday during a Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association pre-championship game awards luncheon held at WSSU . "  Today 's event was supposed to be a celebration for both teams and for all the players who were being recognized for an outstanding season . The actions from the Virginia State players certainly changed the outcome for everyone , " said Reaves . After consulting with the leadership of both universities , the athletic association first canceling both the football and volleyball conferences this past weekend and followed up with a ban on post season football play for VSU Sunday evening . "  We did not make this decision lightly , as its impact is far and wide , " said CIAA Commissioner Jacqie Carpenter . "  On the eve of such an important weekend for dozens of our student athletes , many of whom have waited a lifetime for such a moment , we are left to focus instead on what might have been . " Carpenter said the athletic association 's main concern is the safety of the students and athletes . "  The CIAA has long had policies to encourage responsible behavior , and must consider what is necessary to assure days like today are not repeated , ever . " A message posted on the Virginia State University website read : "  VSU officials are fully cooperating with the CIAA in their investigation , and as a result , will not be able to comment any further . "	VSU football team ineligible for post-season play VSU players beat WSSU quarterback during awards luncheon VSU player arrested on assault charges Championship weekend canceled
CNN  -- The challenge facing the next generation of the Chinese leadership is steering the nation as it moves from an export and investment driven economy to a more sustainable consumption-driven economy . However , such transformation will not be easy . Over the last two decades , various measures to encourage Chinese consumption had limited success . The expansion of higher education since mid-1990s was one early attempt . While a success in matriculation -- 19 % of Chinese under the age of 30 have a college degrees -- the move failed to spur consumption as families instead saved to afford university educations . A similar story can be seen in the commercialization of the housing market . Families have to save increasingly more in order to afford apartments with rising prices . Given the spotty success of Beijing policy to boost consumption , new research suggests the key may lie in tackling China 's growing divide between the rich and the poor . Read more : Why China needs to learn the three R 's The government has never publicly released household-level data necessary to study this problem . To gauge the scope of the problem , my colleagues and I at China Household Finance Survey conducted a nationwide survey , interviewing a random sample of 8,438 households in China , both rural and urban . We found that the top 10 % of Chinese households garnered 57 % of total income and 85 % of total assets -- a concentration level of income and wealth that surpasses those of developed countries , and can only be found in some of the African countries such as South Africa and Seychelles . Income inequality is the key reason for China 's low consumption rate . The rich hold the vast majority of Chinese savings . The top 10 % of households have 69 % of the total savings , and average saving rate for these households is a staggering 60 % . Conversely , about half of the Chinese households surveyed have negligible savings . Therein lies the dilemma for Beijing 's new leaders as they try to make Chinese consumers , not exports , the key driver of China 's economy . Why ? The data suggests China 's rich are already spending what they need , and pocketing most of the rest . The low savings rate of most Chinese households surveyed suggest they simply do n't have the money to spend . To move toward a consumer-based economy , therefore , raising the income -- and spending -- levels for the poor is key . Read more : Why China wo n't turn the other cheek over foreign policy Here the next generation of Chinese leadership can and should play a significant role . Typical thinking is to attack the problem from the income side by increasing the tax on the rich and redistribute it to the poor . Chinese policymakers are working in a similar vein . Beijing plans to issue new guidance on income redistribution in December . Although information on this measure is still limited , it is likely to focus on the income side by regulating market wages -- a disappointment if it were true . Additional regulation will not only create market inefficiencies , it simply may not work -- if the past is any example , firms will find ways to circumvent regulation . An effective approach to reduce the inequality and to boost consumption , however , is to shift government spending priorities away from massive infrastructure development -- roads , railroads and airports -- and toward social welfare investment . Studies have shown that spending on social welfare can have a substantial effect on consumption . In the case of health insurance , each one dollar the government spends would increase consumption by $ 2.36 dollars for rural health insurance or $ 4.16 for urban employee health insurance , according to a series studies by my colleagues and I did in 2010 . Although 90 % of Chinese population is currently covered by three basic health insurance systems , benefits differ substantially across the three systems because of different levels of contributions made by the government to the insurance premiums . Government should bring up the benefit level of the rural insurance to that of urban insurance . Another important area that government can do is to establish an effective unemployment insurance system . So far , the coverage rate of the unemployment insurance is only 30 % of that of health insurance . It also pays too little : unemployment benefit is only 17 % of the average salary compared to 47 % in the U.S. and 60 % in Germany . Given the challenges ahead , China 's new leadership should view this with some urgency : When the economy is in transition , unemployment rate will likely rise and more people will need help . Read more : Why China 's reforms have hit a brick wall Unfortunately , Chinese government has not given up the idea of spending on massive infrastructure projects to remedy its economic problems . Over the last 10 years , government spending on social welfare programs is only about 3 % of the total spending . If the government creates a stronger social safety net for its citizens , Chinese workers will feel less pressure to save for health emergencies , unemployment and retirement , and more likely to buy goods and services -- and create a mature consumer-driven economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Li Gan .	Key challenge for China 's leaders is moving to a consumption-driven economy Measures to encourage Chinese consumption have had limited success Research shows top 10 % of Chinese households garnered 57 % of total income Gan : Income inequality is the key reason for China 's low consumption rate
The United States could end up cooperating with Iran to stop militant gains in Iraq , Secretary of State John Kerry suggested Monday in an interview with Yahoo!News . But a Pentagon spokesman denied Monday that any military coordination with Iran is in the cards . In his interview with Yahoo!News , Kerry did n't say that cooperation with Iran is under active discussion inside the administration . "  Let 's see what Iran might or might not be willing to do before we start making any pronouncements , " he said . But he went on to say that the he "  would n't rule out anything that would be constructive to providing real stability . " "  I think we are open to any constructive process here that could minimize the violence , hold Iraq together -- the integrity of the country -- and eliminate the presence of outside terrorist forces that are ripping it apart , " Kerry said . His comments are the first time such a high-ranking U.S. official has made such a public statement since militants from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria began an offensive that has seen vast swaths of northern Iraq fall out of government hands . Two senior U.S. officials said earlier that the Obama administration is exploring possible direct talks with Iran over the deteriorating situation in Iraq . Deputy Secretary of State William Burns is in Vienna for nuclear talks with Iran and could hold discussions on the side about Iraq with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , a senior administration official said in a background briefing with reporters Monday . In fact , the United States and Iran held "  very brief discussions " about Iraq and the threat posed by ISIS on the sidelines of those negotiations , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  These engagements will not include military coordination or strategic determinations about Iraq 's future over the heads of the Iraqi people , " a senior State Department official said . But in a signal the administration has n't yet reached a conclusion about what to do , two administration officials said the United States was n't interested in teaming up with Iran because the two share few mutual interests . And Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters on Monday that the Defense Department is n't working on a plan to cooperate with Iran in Iraq . "  There are no plans to consult Iran on military actions inside Iraq , " he said . "  There is no plan to coordinate military activities . " Iran is an ally of Iraq 's Shiite-led government , and a senior security official in Baghdad told CNN on Friday that the country had sent about 500 Revolutionary Guard troops to help fight the ISIS militants . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani denied the report over the weekend , according to Iranian state television , but said he would be open to helping if asked . Despite their shared interest in stopping the advance of ISIS fighters in Iraq , the United States is wary of furthering Iran 's already considerable influence there . The Shiite Iranian regime is al-Maliki 's closest ally in the region . And the Obama administration is concerned that appearing to team up with Iran would both alienate Iraq 's Sunni minority and worry Sunni allies of the United States in the region . But , as the crisis spreads , officials around the globe are scrambling for any way to slow the militant advance . ISIS , an al Qaeda splinter group , wants to establish a caliphate , or Islamic state , that would stretch from Iraq into northern Syria . The group has had substantial success in Syria battling President Bashar al-Assad 's security forces . Here 's the latest : Iraq 's military strikes back ; new images emerge After days of violent ISIS advances , the Iraqi air force destroyed a convoy of 15 vehicles carrying ISIS fighters headed to Baiji from Mosul , Iraqi state TV reported Monday . Separately , the air force killed more than 200 militants , state TV said . Air raids against ISIS reportedly took place in Saqlawiya , northwest of Falluja . ` Foreign legion ' in Iraq and Syria may bring jihad to West New images emerged Monday purporting to show a militant fighter interrogating and threatening to kill five captives . And a video appears to show a man in an Iraqi military uniform after he was shot in the face . The fighter boasted on Facebook that he was proud of killing the man and said the video should be passed around to show what could happen to other Shiites . The new images follow others apparently posted by ISIS to jihadi Internet forums appearing to show the executions of Iraqi security forces and a tweet , on what was claimed to be an ISIS account , saying its members had killed at least 1,700 Shiites . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the images or tweets purportedly posted by ISIS . More militant gains The militant group racked up several victories across Iraq on Sunday . The northwestern city of Tal Afar fell to ISIS , according to Iraqi Gen. Mohammed al-Quraishi . Many Tal Afar residents , including ethnic minority Shiite Turkmen , fled the fighting north toward Iraq 's Kurdish region . Also on Sunday , ISIS gained control of two villages in Diyala province , northeast of Baghdad . And Iraqi security forces and suspected ISIS gunmen clashed near al-Khalis , about 18 miles  29 kilometers  from Diyala 's capital of Baquba , al-Khalis police officials told CNN . Three mortar rounds landed near a recruitment center opened recently for volunteers to help the Iraqi army fight ISIS . ISIS seized Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , last week and has threatened to march on Baghdad , Iraq 's capital and largest city . ISIS uses social media to wage propaganda war Intervention debate continues President Obama met with the National Security Council late Monday to discuss Iraq . He has not yet made a decision regarding a military strike against ISIS militants , a senior administration official told CNN . The President will continue to consult with his team "  in the days to come , " according to a White House statement . Obama 's national security team met through the weekend , discussing the pros and cons of various options . On Monday , multiple U.S. officials told CNN that the Obama administration is considering several military options such as unarmed surveillance flights , increased intelligence-gathering and airstrikes . U.S. officials have said sending ground troops to Iraq is n't an option . According to a senior military official , another option under consideration by the Obama administration is increasing the modest number of U.S. military advisers and trainers stationed at the U.S. Embassy compound in Baghdad . Expanding training programs inside and outside of Iraq could be another option , a senior administration official said . The governor of Kirkuk , one of the provinces that has seen heavy fighting , told CNN 's Arwa Damon that he would support U.S. airstrikes in Iraq and Syria . "  I do n't think anyone is safe from these people , " Gov. Najmaldin Karim said . But a U.S. official said last week that even airstrikes could prove futile given the lack of credible intelligence and lack of obvious targets presented by ISIS . U.S. Sen. John McCain , who has called for airstrikes against ISIS , says approximately a dozen forward air controllers would be needed on the ground to carry out such attacks . "  You need to have people identify the targets in order to really be effective . Remember we 're not talking about bombing in towns and cities . There are long stretches of that desert that they have to travel across in their vehicles with their guns on them , " he told reporters Monday on Capitol Hill . McCain also said he does n't think Baghdad will fall to ISIS but the group could still wreak havoc in the capital . "  They ca n't take it . They have n't got enough troops and support . Remember it 's a Shiite city . But what they can do is orchestrate bombings , assassinations , create turmoil . Shelling in different places . But I 'm pretty confident that they ca n't take Baghdad , " the senator said . U.S. sends Marines The United States is sending about 275 troops to Iraq to support its embassy in Baghdad , the White House said in a notification to Congress . They will help the State Department in connection with efforts to temporarily relocate some embassy staffers to consulates in Basra and Erbil as well as to a support group in Jordan . The embassy remains open and a "  substantial majority " of its presence in Iraq will remain in place , the White House said . Some embassy employees have been moved out of Baghdad , but most remain there , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Sunday . Over the weekend , teams totaling some 170 U.S. personnel began arriving in Baghdad , according to Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby . About 100 personnel were moved into the region to provide security , airfield management and logistics support , if needed , he said . "  The safety of personnel serving in diplomatic missions abroad is among our highest priorities . The presence of these additional forces will help enable the State Department to continue their critical diplomatic mission and work with Iraqis on challenges they are facing , " Kirby said . An amphibious assault vehicle with 550 Marines aboard was expected to enter the Persian Gulf on Monday , the Defense Department said . The Marines and their V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft could help evacuate Americans from Iraq if necessary , a U.S. defense official said . Gas prices rise Even though the ISIS advance has n't had a major effect on the country 's oil exports , gas prices around the world are rising . Oil experts say the 4 % price spike since June 6 -- which has taken a barrel of crude to $ 107 for the first time since September 2013 -- is being driven by fear that exports could be hit later this year , just as world demand peaks .	President Obama meets with his National Security Council United States , Iran held "  very brief discussions , " a spokeswoman says 275 U.S. troops headed to Iraq U.S. officials : Administration considering unarmed surveillance flights , airstrikes
CNN  -- She suffers from an autoimmune disease , but seven-time grand slam winner Venus Williams refused to blame her health for an early exit at the Australian Open . The former world No. 1 came into the year 's first grand slam in good form after reaching the final of a warm-up event in Auckland in New Zealand , but despite winning the first set against Russia 's Ekaterina Makarov , Williams slipped to a 2-6 6-4 6-4 defeat . Williams , ranked 37th in the world , was diagnosed with Sjogren 's syndrome -- which causes joint pain and can deplete energy levels -- in 2011 . She has n't won a grand slam since Wimbledon in 2008 . But the American , who will compete in the doubles event alongside her sister and top seed Serena Williams , refused to look for excuses after her defeat by the 22nd seed Makarova , who will face U.S. world No. 141 Irina Falconi in the second round . "  I think that 's a factor for any professional athlete , so I do n't think I 'm any different from anyone else , " Williams , who made 56 errors during the match , told reporters when asked if her health was the reason for her defeat . "  The last 12 months I have had issues , but this year I definitely am looking forward to having a good run and feeling well . " Williams will now focus her energies on supporting Serena , who wasted no time in wrapping up a 6-2 6-1 win over Australian 17-year-old Ashleigh Barty . The biggest upset of the opening day saw sixth seed Petra Kvitova slip to a 6-2 1-6 6-4 reverse against Thailand 's world No. 87 Luksika Kumkhum . It was Kumkhum 's first ever match with a top 10 player and her victory means she will at least equal her best grand slam performance to date -- reaching the second round in Melbourne last year . "  I did n't play well , " conceded Kvitova , a Wimbledon winner in 2011 . "  I did n't play my game that I really tried all off season to work on . It was a great off season . I was really excited to be here , feeling good . "  But I think that probably I wanted too much , and then everything just fell down . " Australian Sam Stosur delighted the crowd by chalking up a 6-3 6-4 win over Klara Zakopalova of the Czech Republic . Seventeenth seed Stosur won the U.S. Open in 2011 but has never been beyond the fourth round of her home grand slam . The weather looks set to play a major part in the tournament , with temperatures expected to top 100 degrees Fahrenheit on Tuesday after relatively mild conditions on Monday . Organizers are reportedly preparing ice vests and ice towels to keep players cool , but Stosur felt perfectly at home in the heat . "  It was pretty hot out on court , " said the 29-year-old Australian . "  You get that response from the court and balls when it 's hot and the sun is shining . "  I was jumping and using my spin and all that whenever I was able to , so that was nice . " Fourth seed Li Na , beaten by Victoria Azarenka in last year 's final , admitted she knew nothing of her Croatian opponent Ana Konjuh before registering a comfortable 6-2 6-0 success . Li 's reward for beating the world No. 239 is a second round meeting with Switzerland 's Belinda Bencic . Fresh from picking up her first title in two years in Auckland , 14th seed Ana Ivanovic beat Dutchwoman Kiki Bertens 6-4 6-4 . There was also joy for Germany as both world No. 15 Sabine Lisicki and Angelique Kerber , seeded ninth , advanced courtesy of wins against Mirjana Lucic-Baroni and Jarmila Gajdosova respectively .	Venus Williams loses in the first round of the Australian Open Former world No. 1 loses 2-6 6-4 6-4 to Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova Australia 's Sam Stosur records a straight-forward win over Klara Zakopalova Li Na and Ana Ivanovic also safely into the second round
CNN  -- The adoptive mother of a Florida girl found dead in a plastic bag in her husband 's truck has been charged with first-degree murder , police said Saturday . Carmen Barahona also faces seven counts of aggravated child abuse and seven counts of child neglect , the Miami-Dade Police Department said in a press release . Authorities have said Jorge Barahona -- the 10-year-old girl 's adoptive father and Carmen 's husband -- parked his pest control truck alongside I-95 on February 14 . A roadside ranger said he found Barahona beside the truck and his adopted son ill inside the vehicle , which was filled with toxic chemicals . The boy was taken to a hospital to be treated for severe burns . The body of his adopted daughter , Nubia -- who is the boy 's twin sister -- was later discovered in the back of the truck in a plastic bag . Four days later , Jorge Barahona pleaded not guilty on charges of attempted first-degree murder with a weapon and aggravated child abuse with a weapon in the case . At least two people tried to warn authorities about alleged abuse of the twins . In one instance , a caller told Florida authorities that he knew Jorge and Carmen Barahona , and he was worried about the couple 's twins . The contents of that phone call , which was made two days before the twins were found , was released this week by the Florida Department of Children and Families . The caller said he was worried that something sinister had happened to the 10-year-old girl because Jorge and Carmen Barahona could not explain where the girl was . "  Jorge Barahona  does n't come out with a straight answer which is worrying me so much that something might have happened to that little girl , " said the caller , who was not named . Four days before the twins were found , a therapist told authorities that the children are "  taped up ... and put in a bathtub , " according to another abuse hotline call also released this week . "  They are in there , all day and all night , " said the therapist , who was not named . An independent panel has been asked to investigate the actions of Florida 's child protection system in the case . The Miami-Dade Police Department said Saturday that "  this continues to be active investigation , " adding that a press briefing is scheduled for Monday .	Carmen Barahona has been charged with first-degree murder , police say She also has been charged with child abuse and neglect 10-year-old girl was found dead in plastic bag The girl 's twin was treated for burns after being found in his adoptive father 's truck
Washington  CNN  -- Sanctions . International monitors . Increased jet fighters in the region . Trying to figure out how the United States and its European allies will respond to Russia 's Crimea incursion gets confusing . The tense showdown over Ukrainian sovereignty offers few easy answers , with differing priorities between Washington and the European Union adding to the confusion . Here is a look at where Western allies stand : Military United States -- It is hard to imagine a scenario that would cause U.S. troops to get involved in Ukraine . At the same time , the Obama administration ca n't rule out any option as it pushes for direct negotiations between Russia and Ukraine aimed at de-escalating the current crisis and laying the groundwork for peaceful coexistence going forward . The Pentagon has announced the addition of six F-15 fighter planes to the four currently on a NATO mission in the Baltics . Previously , Washington halted ongoing military cooperation with Russia . After a series meetings Wednesday with European , Ukrainian and Russian counterparts in Paris , Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters that "  all parties agreed today that it is important to try to resolve the issues through dialogue . " He added : "  They do n't believe that any of us are served by greater or further confrontation . " Europe -- The last thing the European Union wants is an armed conflict in its backyard . Only if Russian forces moved into eastern Ukraine would consideration be given to bolstering NATO forces in neighboring countries . While no obligation exists for NATO to militarily defend Ukraine against Russian aggression , the United States and Britain -- along with Russia -- committed to protecting Ukrainian independence and territorial integrity in 1994 when Kiev gave up its nuclear arsenal that dated back to the Soviet era . What happens now to Ukraine will have an impact on nuclear nonproliferation programs elsewhere , Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk warned Thursday . His implication was clear : failure to effectively respond to Russia 's aggression in Crimea would embolden North Korea and Iran to further resist Western efforts to prevent them from developing nuclear weapons . Sanctions The United States -- President Barack Obama said Thursday that he signed an executive order that laid the groundwork for sanctions against people and entities deemed responsible for the crisis . The executive order provides the legal basis for sanctions against specific people and entities , but White House spokesman Jay Carney later told reporters no individuals were specifically targeted . Visa bans are already in effect for some Russian and Ukrainian officials , and the freezing of assets and property could be forthcoming . The moves fall short of broader economic sanctions aimed at Russia 's state-owned banks and energy industry sought by some in Congress . "  This action by Russia can not go unchallenged , " Republican Rep. Ed Royce of California , the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said Thursday at a hearing where the panel approved a non-binding resolution backing sanctions . Europe -- Closer proximity to Russia and crucial economic ties make the issue of sanctions more difficult for European countries . Already , Russia threatens to retaliate with its own sanctions if the United States and Europe take such a step . Russia is the European Union 's third-biggest trading partner after the United States and China , with goods and services worth more than $ 500 billion exchanged in 2012 . About 75 % of all foreign direct investment in Russia originates in EU member states , according to the European Commission . In addition , Russia is the single biggest supplier of energy to the European Union . British energy firm BP is the second-largest shareholder in Russia 's leading oil producer Rosneft , and some of the biggest energy companies in Germany , the Netherlands and France are invested in a joint venture with Russian gas giant Gazprom . "  If and when any sanctions are placed on Russia , they are likely to be targeted on key officials rather than on the wider economy , " said Neil Shearing , chief emerging markets economist at Capital Economics . "  Europe is too dependent on Russian energy to countenance full-blown trade restrictions . " On Thursday , the European Union threatened limited steps if no substantive negotiations between Russia and Ukraine start in coming days . European Council President Herman Van Rompuy told reporters in Brussels that "  in any absence of results , the EU will decide on additional measures such as travel bans , asset freezes , and cancellation of the EU-Russia summit . " Later , Kerry told reporters that no serious gap existed between the U.S. and EU approaches , adding that " there may be some differences of opinion about timing or about one choice over another . " Aid United States -- Kerry announced $ 1 billion in loan guarantees for Ukraine this week as part of the Obama administration 's effort to publicly support the interim government and provide incentive for Ukraine to continue to align itself with the West through the European Union instead of Russia . Obama called Thursday for Congress to support assistance for the Ukrainian government from both the United States and the International Monetary Fund . A few hours later , the Republican-led House overwhelmingly approved an aid package to authorize the previously announced loan guarantees . Such support offers a trifecta of being unilateral , enjoying political support at home and backing the goal of bolstering Ukraine . Europe -- The European Union announced Wednesday it will offer Ukraine at least $ 15 billion in aid as the country struggles with dwindling cash and the military standoff with Russia . The package would provide Ukraine with assistance over the next few years , said Jose Manuel Barroso , the head of the EU 's executive body , the European Commission . On Wednesday , Ukraine said it would be unable to pay its February natural gas bill to Gazprom . European aid is the easiest way to show immediate support for Ukraine while avoiding risks of counter-sanctions and other retaliation . Diplomacy United States -- The United States is working with European allies to create an "  exit ramp " for Putin to be able to de-escalate the Ukraine crisis . Their plan would call for Russian troops in Crimea to return to their barracks , and international observers to come to Ukraine to monitor the situation on the ground , where Russia complains of persecution against ethnic Russians . In addition , the United States seeks to isolate Russia diplomatically , joining other members of the G8 group of industrial powers in pulling out of preparatory meetings for the scheduled June summit in Sochi , Russia . The foundation of the U.S. stance is for Ukraine to maintain its independence and territorial integrity , while also recognizing Russia 's historical and economic ties to Ukraine . Obama said Thursday he was "  confident " that the international community was "  moving forward together " in responding to what he called the Russian intervention . Europe -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke with Obama on Tuesday about the diplomatic exit ramp , but initial indications Thursday showed little progress with Russia on agreement . Reflecting the standoff , Merkel said Thursday that the European Union wants to do everything it can to settle the Ukraine crisis diplomatically , but she warned that without any "  diplomatic possibility , " steps such as asset freezing and visa limitations would be options . CNNMoney 's Mark Thompson , Alanna Petroff and Charles Riley and CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Where do Washington and the European Union stand on the Ukraine crisis ? No one wants an armed conflict , especially in the EU 's backyard Europe 's economic ties with Russia make it less likely to back strong sanctions NEW : The U.S. House authorizes loan guarantees for Ukraine
CNN  To paraphrase the ESPN "  30 for 30 " sports documentary opening : "  What if I told you that a sport based on lying , cheating and rule bending worked perfectly fine as long as brown kids and fans paid the price ? " That title would never get past the editing room , and yet , stripping the Jackie Robinson West All-Stars team of its Little League World Series title for cheating ca n't be described any other way . The team 's loss of a championship and vacated wins is not only another horrible reminder of the racial politics of American sports but a blatantly obvious lesson to kids that cheating is OK as long as you have the right money and branding on your side . America , or the remaining part of America that still cares about baseball , fell in love with the Jackie Robinson West team last year when out of nowhere it won the Little League U.S. Championship and gave American sports news two desperately needed narratives . First , that despite the gloom and doom and declining numbers , there was still a place for African-Americans in baseball ; and second , that there was something going on with young black men out of Chicago that did n't involve guns , death or crime . And that story continued , until this week . The Evergreen Park League team , which Jackie Robinson trounced 43-2 on its way to a U.S. championship , made a couple of calls to Little League International accusing the All-Stars of violating residency boundaries for players . In other words , the Jackie Robinson West players were a "  superteam , " which had an unfair advantage . Little League International , acting with a swiftness and severity that should embarrass the NBA , NFL and NCAA managed to conduct an investigation , determine who was at fault and strip a bunch of kids of their championship because grown-ups cheated . This never should have happened . Minor children should not have to suffer a crushing loss of their title because grown-ups cheated , and there are other ways the cheating parents and coaches could be punished without causing the kids to suffer . The sports myth in America is that whether you 're Jesse Owens , Rudy or even the Average Joes , whatever your social class , race or background , when you get onto that field or court or arena it 's a meritocracy . The cream will rise to the top , the best players succeed and cheaters get weeded out before the clock hits double zero . Has this ever been totally true in American sports ? No . But if the Chicago team 's namesake proved anything 50 years ago it 's that no matter what shenanigans are pulled in the game , the good guys should win out . The racial context of this punishment is jarring enough . The Jackie Robinson West team is the first all African-American team to win the U.S. championship and suddenly the league decides to flip through the rulebooks ? Unfortunately , increased scrutiny on all-black teams seems to be the norm for Little League International . Just ask the Ugandan Little League Team that has been blocked from competing in the United States and Europe twice in the last few years on technicalities that other teams have openly flouted for years . When the Jackie Robinson West players look back on this debacle , all they 'll have learned is that cheating is fine as long as there 's money to be made , you do n't get caught , and if you do , the least powerful people end up suffering for it . Is Little League USA going to investigate every team that played in this year 's tournament ? Is it going to vacate wins from the "  whistleblowing " Evergreen Park League that may have broken the same boundary rules three years ago ? Better yet , will it return sponsorships , money and ticket sales to fans who attended these games with a "  cheating " team they failed to identify ? Of course they wo n't , just like cheaters in in big money high-school , college and professional sports seldom get their comeuppance . Did n't we just watch two weeks of "  Deflategate " coverage where the New England Patriots were accused of breaking the rules again ? But Tom Brady is the golden boy of a multi-billion dollar league , so even if NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell found a box of pressure gauges , a can of stick-um and a receipt for 30 Nerf Footballs from Dick 's Sporting Goods in Brady 's locker he would n't dare take back that Lombardi Trophy . You never want to give kids the impression that cheating is OK . But you know what 's worse than kids thinking cheating is OK ? When they learn that only certain cheaters get in trouble , but if you have the right money or fame or skin color you get a free pass . If Americans really cared about cheating and keeping sports as a real example to kids of hard work paying off , the solution is right in front of us . Everyone from the National Little League to the NFL to the NCAA would crack down on all cheating equally , no matter the color , the money involved or the prestige gained . And punishments would be levied against those responsible , instead of just those who are the most visible and vulnerable .	Jackie Robinson team is stripped of its title for violating residency rules Jason Johnson : Why punish team that severely when sports cheating is rampant ?
Rome  CNN  -- The pope 's former butler , Paolo Gabriele , was convicted Saturday of aggravated theft for leaking confidential papal documents and sentenced to 18 months in prison . He was also ordered to pay the costs of the trial at the Vatican City courthouse . The case is the biggest to go before the Vatican court in decades . It has been the subject of intense interest because a book based on the leaked papers revealed claims of corruption within the Roman Catholic Church hierarchy . Presiding judge Giuseppe Dalla Torre said he was reducing the three-year term requested by the prosecution to 18 months because of mitigating circumstances . These included the fact that Gabriele had no previous criminal record and his acknowledgment of "  having betrayed " the pope 's trust , Dalla Torre said , in a reading of the verdict broadcast on Vatican TV . Gabriele , who could have faced up to eight years in prison , looked relieved as the 18-month sentence was handed down . Pope 's ex-butler had trove of documents ` of interest ' It is not yet clear whether the former butler will serve the full sentence in an Italian prison or whether it may be suspended . He could also be pardoned by the pope , of whom he has asked forgiveness for his actions . Jesuit Father Federico Lombardi , head of the Holy See media office , told journalists at a briefing that Gabriele would remain under house arrest for the time being . His lawyer has three days time to present an appeal Lombardi said . If an appeal is presented and an appeal trial takes place , Gabriele would remain under house arrest during this time , he said . "  There is a concrete possibility that the pope might pardon him  Gabriele  , but it is up to him to decide when and how , " Lombardi added . Prison terms handed down by the court are served in the Italian prison system under an agreement between Vatican City and Italy , since there are no long-term detention facilities within the tiny city-state . Gabriele had defended his actions as having a moral objective in his final remarks before the jury of three lay judges retired to consider its verdict . "  I feel strongly the conviction inside of me that I did it because of my overwhelming love , I would say visceral , for the Church of Christ and for its visible leader , " he told the court . " I repeat , I do n't feel like a thief . " His father was also in court Saturday to hear the final arguments . Defense lawyer Cristiana Arru said she was pleased with the verdict , according to a briefing by the small pool of journalists allowed to attend the trial . In her closing statement , Arru , who called for the jury to reduce the theft charge to a lesser one , had told the court that while her client 's actions were illegal , they were the result of "  the evil he saw " within the Church . Pope 's former butler claims innocence in ` Vatileaks ' trial Arru told the court that Gabriele 's actions were morally motivated and that she hoped that "  one day they will be recognized and applauded . " The court heard this week how police found more than 1,000 important documents among a stash of hundreds of thousands of papers in Gabriele 's apartments in Vatican City and Castel Gondolfo , a town near Rome . Among them were original papers signed by Pope Benedict XVI , some of them stamped with an order for destruction , according to the journalists allowed to attend the trial . Also found in his possession were a gold nugget belonging to the pope , a signed check made out to Pope Benedict XVI for 100,000 euros and an original version of Virgil 's Aeneid from 1581 . In his testimony Tuesday , the former butler declared himself not guilty of a charge of aggravated theft in connection with the leaked documents -- but said he had abused the pope 's trust . He told how he had photocopied many confidential papal papers , saying he did so because he wanted to expose wrongdoing and corruption . Observers say that despite the trial , questions remain about how Gabriele managed to remove such confidential and potentially damaging documents from Vatican City . There is also continued speculation over whether someone high up in the Church , perhaps a cardinal , may have helped him , although Gabriele denied having an accomplice . Some of the private documents contained allegations of financial corruption , claims the Vatican might have preferred to keep under wraps . Gabriele was arrested in May , following a Vatican investigation into how the pope 's private documents appeared in the best-selling book "  Sua Santita "  "  His Holiness "  , by Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi . Corruption claims resulting from the book 's publication , based on the leaked materials , rocked the hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Church and could even affect who becomes the next pope . Pope 's butler leaked papers to shock ` corrupt ' church , prosecutor says Journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge says there were mitigating circumstances in Paolo Gabriele 's case NEW : Gabriele is placed under house arrest pending a possible appeal NEW : "  There is a concrete possibility that the pope might pardon him , " says official A book based on the leaked papers revealed corruption claims within the Church hierarchy
Atlanta  CNN  -- Kulsoom Abdullah is a 35-year-old with a doctorate in electrical and computer engineering . But it 's her passion outside of work that has put her at the center of a debate -- one that could affect athletic competitions worldwide , even the Olympics . Later this month , the International Weightlifting Federation will take up the question of whether Abdullah may take part in officially sanctioned tournaments while keeping her entire body covered , aside from her hands and face , in keeping with her Muslim faith . "  It 's what I believe in . It 's what I 've chosen to do , " Abdullah tells CNN of her decision to wear modest garb . "  I 've always dressed this way publicly . " Abdullah is not an Olympic athlete , but enjoys lifting weights . She can deadlift 245 pounds  111 kg  and get up 105 pounds  47.5 kg  in the snatch , in which the competitor lifts the barbell from the floor to over her head in a single motion . She likes to compete with other women in her weight class -- she generally weighs in the 106-pound  48 kg  or 117-pound  53 kg  classifications . "  It guess it 's empowering , " she says . "  There 's a lot of technique involved , so someone who 's this big muscular person -- it 's possible I could lift more than they do . There 's speed and timing to it -- you have to be explosive . I think it 's great just for confidence building ... I guess I got hooked . " The Atlanta resident wants to take part in tournaments in the United States , including one coming up in July . But USA Weightlifting informed her that those events are governed by IWF rules . And those rules preclude her dressing in keeping with her beliefs . Abdullah generally wears loose , long pants past the ankles , a long-sleeve , fitted shirt with a loose T-shirt over it , and a hijab , or head scarf , covering her hair . The outfits -- officially called "  costumes " -- worn at competitions must be collarless and must not cover the elbows or knees , according to the IWF 's technical and competition rules . The IWF constitution also states that no distinction is made among individuals based on religion . Mark Jones , a spokesman for the U.S. Olympic Committee -- which oversees USA Weightlifting and many other sports -- explained part of the challenge is that judges need to see that a competitor 's elbows and knees are locked during a lift . But the USOC also understands the dilemma Abdullah faces . After CAIR , the Council on American-Islamic Relations -- a Washington-based group that advocates for Muslims and Muslim causes -- contacted the USOC on Wednesday , Jones said , his group reached out to the IWF . "  I think their  CAIR 's  language is to ` advocate ' on the athlete 's behalf with the international federation , and we have done that , " Jones told CNN . "  The Olympic movement is all about the universal values of equality . We value that greatly , but we also respect the rules of sport -- especially those set forth for competitive reasons . So we 're looking to see if there 's some way to accommodate -- not just this one particular athlete , " he said , adding , "  this is an issue that has some wider implications . " The International Weightlifting Federation has agreed to include the issue on the agenda of its next meeting , later this month in Malaysia , Jones said . The group 's technical committee will hold a debate , and then present a recommendation to the IWF board , Jones said . "  Awesome ! " Abdullah responded , when CNN informed her Thursday of these developments . "  That 's wonderful . " The news came after months of pushing for change , she said . In April , USA Weightlifting responded to an e-mail from her , explaining that it had to reject her request due to IWF rules . In that e-mail , there was no suggestion that the group or the USOC might take up the issue with the IWF . John Duff , CEO of USA Weightlifting , issued a statement Thursday reiterating that the organization abides by the IWF rules on uniforms , and that the "  issue has been brought to the attention of the IWF and the IWF Technical Committee has agreed to place the matter on the agenda of the next meeting , which will take place on June 26 in Penang , Malaysia , for consideration . " The IWF did not immediately respond to requests for comment Thursday . Abdullah says she understands the need to make sure she is n't wearing anything under her clothes to give her a competitive advantage . She says judges could check to make sure she is not wearing something on her elbows , for example , that might help her . And she says she 's willing to wear a "  snug " shirt -- though not skin tight -- underneath a loose singlet , so judges could "  see that there 's lockout " in her arms when she does her lifts . Ibrahim Hooper of CAIR , which sent out a news release about Abdullah on Wednesday , praised the USOC Thursday for taking action . "  It sounds like they 've really done exactly what we asked them to do , which is advocate on behalf of this Muslim athlete , " Hooper said . "  The ultimate result is a very reasonable compromise that allows the Muslim athlete to follow her religious beliefs and practices and maintain the legitimate rules and policies of Olympics and sports in general . " While Abdullah was happy to hear the IWF will consider her situation , there is no guarantee the IWF will alter its rules . Although there were no immediate , organized protests against the USOC 's decision to bring Abdullah 's case to the IWF , USOC spokesman Jones said his agency has received messages from people opposing any change in the rules . He did not characterize what the messages said or how many there were . Numerous athletic agencies have faced similar questions in the past and , in some cases , have determined that allowing special clothing violates fairness or equality among all contestants . FIFA , the international federation governing soccer , recently refused to allow Iran 's women 's soccer team to wear headscarves while playing in an Olympic qualifying round in Amman , Jordan . Abdullah told CNN her effort is not just about herself . "  I should at least try , " she said , "  if not for me then maybe for other women who -- if they have my faith or another faith -- dress a certain way . "	Kulsoom Abdullah wants to keep her body covered during official competitions The International Weightlifting Federation will consider her complaint Rules specify outfits must be collarless and must not cover the elbows or knees The USOC has received some messages opposing a rule change
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- An Indian court has handed down death sentences to 11 people for their role in the 2002 burning of a train carrying Hindu activists in the western state of Gujarat . Twenty other people convicted of the same arson attack were sentenced to life in prison , public prosecutor J.M. Panchal said Tuesday . A life sentence in India runs for 20 years , and a prisoner can apeal after he has served 14 , Panchal said . The 20 who were sentenced to life have spent nine years in jail that will count toward their sentence , he said . A suspected Muslim mob attacked the Sabarmati Express near the town of Godhra on 27 February , 2002 , killing more than 50 people , most of whom were Hindu pilgrims . The Hindu pilgrims were returning from the north Indian town of Ayodhya where they had been demanding that the government build a temple on the ruins of a 16th century mosque . The train fire sparked days of rioting in which more than a thousand people , mostly Muslims , were killed . Defense attorney I.M. Munshi said he would appeal the convictions . "  I am not able to swallow it , " Munshi said . "  This is not the final verdict . It 's always appealable , " he said , referring to the rights of the convicts to challenge the sentencing in higher courts . Death-row prisoners in India can file appeals in the Supreme Court in New Delhi if their petitions are turned down by lower courts . A mercy petition to the Indian president is the ultimate option they have if the top court too dismisses their pleas . Police had charged 94 men for setting fire to the train . Sixty-three of the accused , including one of the main conspirators , were acquitted Tuesday due to lack of evidence , prosecutors said .	Twenty receive life sentences 63 others are acquitted because of lack of evidence The torching of the train killed more than 50 , mostly Hindu pilgrims It sparked days of rioting in which mostly Muslims were killed
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao has not given up on fighting Floyd Mayweather later this year , despite talks breaking down on a big-money contest in March . World welterweight champion Pacquiao will now fight Ghana 's Joshua Clottey in Dallas on March 13 , following a breakdown in talks with Mayweather 's camp ause of a row over blood and urine testing , but the Filipino is still hopeful that a deal can be agreed for the fight to take place this summer . Talking to reporters in the run-up to the Clottey contest , Pacquiao admitted : "  It will happen . I 'm still hoping a fight with Mayweather will be pushed through , maybe by summer time . Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum said on Sunday that he also believed a fight at some point against Mayweather had not been totally ruled out . "  There 's always later in the year and next year , it 's up to Mayweather . " Meanwhile , in an exclusive interview with CNN , Pacquiao revealed : "  If Floyd wants that fight to happen then I think let the commission who implements the rules , not him , make the rules for the fight . "  Floyd is just a fighter . We 're both fighters so he does n't need to make the rules like that . "  But I am satisfied with my career now because of what I have done in boxing . I 'm not the one who turned down the fight . Floyd Mayweather , he 's the one that does n't want the fight . Despite still wanting to fight Mayweather , Pacquiao has also revealed that the American 's recent drug-testing demands have cast him in a bad light . He added : "  I want to clear my name because I 'm a very honest person . I 'm very disappointed for what he accused me of . I 'm clean . I 'm not cheating . I 'm a very honest fighter . "	World welterweight champion Manny Pacquiao has not given up on fighting Floyd Mayweather later this year The Filipino is still keen to fight the American despite talks breaking down on a big-money contest in March Pacquiao will first fight Ghana 's Joshua Clottey in Dallas on March 13
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The U.S. Defense Department on Monday identified the SEAL killed during a successful raid to free a captive doctor in Afghanistan . Petty Officer 1st Class Nicolas D. Checque , 28 , of Monroeville , Pennsylvania , died Saturday during the effort to free Dr. Dilip Joseph , the Navy said . NATO commanders believed Joseph was in imminent danger from his captors when the raid took place . While the Defense Department announcement said only that Checque belonged to an "  East Coast-based Special Warfare Unit , " a U.S. official said the man was a member of the Navy 's Special Warfare Development Group , more commonly known as SEAL Team Six . The elite unit is the same one that took part in the raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . The official did n't know if the SEAL who died was involved in that operation . "  He gave his life for his fellow Americans , and he and his teammates remind us once more of the selfless service that allows our nation to stay strong , safe and free , " President Barack Obama said of the slain SEAL before his identity was made public . Armed men kidnapped Joseph and two other staff members for the international aid group Morning Star on Wednesday as they returned from a rural medical clinic in eastern Kabul province . Tribal leader Malik Samad and district chief Muhammad Haqbeen told CNN that Joseph and an Afghan doctor were abducted near the village of Jegdalek in the Sarobi district , just outside Kabul . The International Security Assistance Force said Taliban insurgents kidnapped the men . Samad and Haqbeen identified the kidnappers as smugglers . Morning Star said negotiations began "  almost immediately " with the captors and went on sporadically into Saturday night , when two of the three were released . The Afghan doctor 's family paid $ 12,000 to the smugglers , Haqbeen and Samad said . Morning Star denied paying any "  ransom , money or other consideration " to win the release of its staffers , and the raid to free Joseph came 11 hours later after the other two were released . U.S. officials provided few details about the rescue effort , but Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said the SEALs "  knew they were putting their lives on the line to free a fellow American from the enemy 's grip . " Checque joined the Navy in 2002 after graduating from high school , according to a brief service record provided by the Defense Department . After attending recruit training in Illinois and advanced training in Virginia , he entered the SEAL program in April 2003 . He was assigned to his first SEAL unit in August 2004 , and transferred to a second unit , presumably SEAL Team Six , in September 2008 . He received the Bronze Star and several other awards during his 10-year Naval career . His former high school superiors and classmates at Norwin High School in North Huntington , Pennsylvania , remembered him as diligent and enthused about joining the military . "  He worked hard everyday and never complained , " his former wrestling coach Rich Ginther told CNN affiliate WPXI . "  I remember his senior year him basically telling us what he was training for , and it was to get in special forces . " The current vice principal , who graduated two classes ahead of Checque , called him a role model for the current students . "  It 's scary to hear these kind of stories that come out , " said Micheal Choby , "  but I 'm going to testament to the kind of man Nick built himself to be for these kids who are here aspiring to be in the military . " Former classmate Stefanie Stewart told CNN she sat next to Checque on the school bus almost every day . "  He always knew he wanted to go into the military , " she said . "  He was a very driven individual , had a very keen sense of mind . A strong-minded person . But underneath that , you could tell he had a good heart . " The rescued doctor has worked with Morning Star for three years . He serves as its medical adviser , and travels frequently to Afghanistan , the agency said . Morning Star did not release the identities of the other two men , citing safety concerns . Joseph is expected to return home to Colorado Springs , Colorado , within a few days , after medical examinations and debriefings , the agency sad . On Sunday , his family extended condolences to the slain sailor 's family . "  We are incredibly grateful for the multiple agencies of the U.S. government that have supported us in this difficult time , and especially the quick response by our military and partner allies to rescue Dilip , " the family said . "  They showed great heroism and professionalism . " Despite the kidnappings of Joseph and its two other staffers , Morning Star reiterated its "  commitment to continue its work " in Afghanistan . Read more : Low-key general thrust into spotlight as he takes over Afghanistan command Read more : U.S. has work cut out to make sure Afghan forces are combat ready Read more : Karzai says assassination try planned in Pakistan CNN 's Barbara Starr , Maria Ebrahimji , Deborah Doft , Dugal McConnell and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : High School classmates say Checque always knew he wanted to join the military The Defense Department identifies the SEAL slain in the rescue effort Dr. Dilip Joseph was among three abducted while returning from a rural clinic , officials say Two local Afghan leaders say smugglers were responsible ; ISAF blames the Taliban
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court struggled Tuesday , speaking in somber tones , when confronting one of its toughest criminal sentencing questions : whether two men convicted of killings committed when they were 14 deserve life in prison without the possibility of parole . The justices seemed to find little agreement on how young is too young in these rare instances , and whether it would be cruel and unusual punishment to forgo the chance that these now-adult inmates may someday be rehabilitated . "  What 's the definition of a child ? " asked Justice Samuel Alito , trying to draw a constitutionally acceptable line on mandatory sentences for underage murderers . "  It seems to me some of the issues that we have suggested justify a different treatment of juveniles have to do with mental development , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . "  And those same issues would be taken into account by a jury in considering which of a list of offenses the juvenile should be convicted of . " The high court in 2005 banned the death penalty for those under 18 who commit aggravated murder . Then , five years later , the justices said juveniles found guilty of non-homicides could not receive life without parole . Now the spotlight turns on the youngest of killers and the question of whether a national consensus has developed to treat them differently regarding a lifetime of incarceration . The separate appeals involve an Alabama boy who , with an accomplice , robbed a neighbor and then beat the man to death and set his house on fire ; and an Arkansas youth who was part of a group of teens who robbed a video store where the clerk was blasted to death with a shotgun . Both were tried and convicted as adults and received the minimum sentences allowed under state law for felony capital murder . There are about 2,500 prisoners serving life sentences without parole for crimes committed as juveniles , at least 79 of whom are 14 years or younger , according to the Equal Justice Initiative , which is representing the two men before the high court . Attorney Bryan Stevenson urged the justices not to "  give up " on child offenders , who he said are fundamentally different from adults . He said while they must be held accountable for their actions , youths are also works in progress , emotionally and developmentally . "  These deficits in maturity and judgment and decision-making are not crime-specific . All children are encumbered with the same barriers that this court has found to be constitutionally relevant before imposition of a sentence of life imprisonment without parole or the death penalty , " said Stevenson , who is based in Montgomery , Alabama . "  These differences are even more pronounced in young children . " Justice Antonin Scalia jumped in . "  Once you depart from the principle that we 've enunciated that  the  death  penalty  is different , why is life without parole categorically different from 60 years or 70 years ? You 'd be back here next term  challenging  a 60-year sentence . " He wondered aloud whether it would be fair to argue 14-year-olds deserve less time behind bars than a 15-year-old . Stevenson said firmly all those under 18 at the time of their crimes deserve the chance for parole someday . He said the often-terrible facts of a murder can overwhelm any mitigating factors like a defendant 's age , especially for jurors who may be unaware that a young person 's brain development , living environment and self-control are often not complete . "  You would say that a person of 17 years and 11 months , who commits the worst possible string of offenses -- and demonstrates great maturity -- still can not be sentenced to life imprisonment without parole ? " asked Alito , sounding skeptical . "  What justifies an absolute ban at a certain age and a modified ban above an age ? " added Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . Scalia said 39 states allow juveniles to receive life without parole for certain murder offenses . "  The American people have decided that that 's the rule . They allow it . And the federal government allows it . So I 'm supposed to impose my judgment on what seems to be a consensus of the American people ? " Later , the Alabama solicitor general said states deserve discretion to set punishments for the worst of offenders , even teenagers . "  The government 's primary goal here is expressing the retributive judgment about the wrongfulness of murder and why it 's different , " said John Neiman Jr. "  They do n't want to roll the dice on convicted murderers . Society acts with particular revulsion when a convicted murderer commits a crime again " after being released from custody , he said . "  How do you go back to justifying , " said Justice Sonia Sotomayor , "  the mandatory nature of life imprisonment without parole , given that not every juvenile is equal and not every murder is equal with respect to them ? " Justice Stephen Breyer pressed the question further , asking , "  What 's the minimum age , in your opinion , or is there any constitutional minimum at all in respect to which you could give " life without parole to a young killer . "  I mean , you could have an instance of a 10-year-old or an 8-year-old . I mean , is it totally up to the states , or is there a minimum ? " Breyer said . Neiman ran into trouble when backed into this legal corner , suggesting , "  If I were the state up here trying to defend a 12-year-old  getting life without parole  , I would argue that that was the line . So a 12-year-old -- well , no -- well , yes , " he finally decided . "  Do you see the difficulty ? All right . So now put yourself in my position , " responded Breyer . "  Do you want to say 12 ? Do you want to say 10 ? Do you want to say 9 ? Because as soon as whatever you say , I 'm going to say : and why not 14 ? " he added . Justice Anthony Kennedy -- as he has in many divided cases -- may prove to be the deciding vote . But he seemed troubled about articulating an appropriate age limit . "  Now , we have some quite compelling stories of rehabilitation in this case . I do n't know if they 're isolated ; I do n't know where they are in the statistical universe of how often rehabilitation is demonstrated and is real . What do I look at ? What 's a judge supposed to do ? " he asked Stevenson . "  You 're just forcing us into a bipolar position . We 're either going to say that you ca n't prevail at all or that everyone under 18 can not get life without parole . I do n't see this middle course . " Complicating matters , several justices noted differences between the two cases before them . Neiman noted the murder committed by Evan Miller in Alabama was especially "  gruesome . " The boy and his accomplice had smoked marijuana with the victim in his trailer . The 52-year-old man burned to death after the mobile home was set ablaze . In Kuntrell Jackson 's case , he was originally outside as a lookout when the Chickasaw County , Arkansas , robbery took place . It was a 15-year-old boy who shot the female clerk when she refused to turn over money . The actual shooter later pleaded guilty and received life with the possibility of parole . Stevenson said there was a real question whether Jackson had an "  intent to kill " during the botched robbery , perhaps allowing for a lesser sentence . But the Arkansas assistant attorney general said the sentence of life without parole was still appropriate , arguing the defendant could have received the death penalty if he had been an adult at the time of the crime . "  A legislative judgment has been made with regard to drawing a baseline for all murderers , whether they are juvenile murderers , whether they are getaway drivers , " said Kent Holt . "  And when you counsel or aid or do anything that gets you liability for being a capital murderer , then that is the minimum sentence " -- life without parole , with no exceptions . The cases are Miller v. Alabama  10-9646  and Jackson v. Hobbs  10-9647  . Rulings are expected within the next three months .	The Supreme Court looks at two killings for which 14-year-olds were convicted "  What 's the definition of a child ? " asked Justice Samuel Alito The high court in 2005 banned the death penalty for killers under age 18
CNN  -- After 13 days of staying in campers , in trailers or with out-of-town relatives to escape a raging wildfire , the 200-plus residents of Nutrioso , Arizona , were allowed to go home Wednesday . The Wallow fire , raging in eastern Arizona and western New Mexico , has grown into the largest fire ever battled in Arizona , according to fire officials . As of Wednesday evening , it had burned 747 square miles -- 478,452 acres -- and was 29 % contained , officials said . The blaze , centered in a sparsely populated national forest , is not the most destructive in terms of property . It has destroyed 32 homes and 36 outbuildings including sheds and barns , compared with the 468,000-acre Rodeo-Chediski fire , which claimed 465 homes . Crews are expecting higher winds and fire danger Thursday and Friday . Officials with an interagency team fighting the blaze lifted the evacuation order issued June 2 for Nutrioso , allowing those with identification showing that they live there to return to the town Wednesday . Leighayn Green returned with her husband and their 13-year-old daughter to their undamaged home in Nutrioso . They stayed in different communities -- at times with friends and once in lodging provided by a stranger . "  There is a kindness being extended back and forth between communities , " Green said several hours after she was back home . Her husband , Tom Hollender , also a teacher , recalled grabbing clothing , photos , legal documents and computer hard drives when he had to leave their home June 2 . Their only real loss was spoiled food in a freezer and refrigerator that were without power for about a week . Other homes were damaged or destroyed in Nutrioso , but Hollender did not know the number . From his house , the family can see intact homes , but the damaged forest is a mosaic of green and black , he said . "  The fire line around Nutrioso is a nice black , " said Peter Frenzen , a spokesman for the Southwest Incident Management team , which is fighting the blaze . "  That 's just testimony to the tremendous work going on around all the threatened communities . " The black on a map signifies that the fire has been stopped outside the town . "  I was totally surprised , " Nutrioso evacuee Alan Miller told CNN affiliate KNXV after learning that the evacuation order had been lifted . "  I was sitting in my seat , squirming . I want to go out there now , but I ca n't do it until tomorrow . " The blaze has raged throughout the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest since May 29 . KNXV reported Tuesday night that fire investigators suspect that the blaze was started by a campfire . "  It looks like it was a campfire , and we 've got a couple of people of interest that we 're talking to right now , " U.S. Forest Service spokesman Christopher Knopp told KNXV . The names of those people have not been released . Besides Wallow , the largest of the fires is the Horseshoe Two fire in southern Arizona , which started May 8 . The blaze , which has scorched 184,198 acres , was 60 % contained as of Wednesday afternoon . The Monument Fire , which spilled into Mexico , had damaged or destroyed 40 homes and 10 other structures , according to the Cochise County , Arizona , Sheriff 's Office . Evacuations were ordered in some neighborhoods and other residents were told they may have to leave , the office said . The Wallow fire has drawn 4,656 firefighters from Arizona and across the country . The blaze is the largest fire currently active in the United States , according to Inciweb , an interagency fire information service . "  The great news on this incident is , we still have a total of seven injuries and they 're all minor , " Frenzen said late Tuesday . Jayson Coil , a manager with the incident response team , said forecast winds from the northwest could fan flames in areas that have been sheltered from the fire and push the blaze south . Conditions around Greer , Arizona , also continued to improve , with power restored to the area , Coil said . But it is unclear when residents of that community might be allowed home . The evacuated residents of Alpine are also waiting to hear when they can go home . They may get the order first . Regarding when the evacuation orders for Alpine and Greer might be lifted , "  We 're talking a three - , four - or five-day time frame , " Frenzen said . CNN 's Samuel Gardner III and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : 50 structures damaged or lost to another fire Resident who returns home talks about kindness of strangers Wallow fire is Arizona 's biggest ever but not the most destructive to buildings Residents of Nutrioso go home 13 days after an evacuation was ordered
CNN  -- "  This here ai n't no protest song or anything like that , cause I do n't write no protest songs . " -- Bob Dylan , Gerde 's Folk City , New York , April 1962 Bob Dylan and Joan Baez perform at a civil rights rally in Washington , D.C. in 1963 It was in typically oblique fashion that Dylan launched "  Blowin ' in the Wind " on the world . A song takes on a life of its own once it has left a musician 's private domain and even if he did n't see it as a protest song , it has certainly been interpreted as one by its listeners . It has become one of the most recognized political songs of popular culture and its release on the 1963 album "  The Freewheelin ' Bob Dylan " arguably marks the pinnacle of the protest song as a cultural force . Today Dylan really does n't write protest songs and hardly , it would seem , does anyone else . But is this because there is a dearth of politically-motivated singers , or has the public simply lost its appetite for protest ? "  There was a particular genre of songwriting which Dylan represented in the sixties and seventies which does n't continue in quite the same way , " says Professor John Street , head of Politics at the University of East Anglia and author of "  Politics and Culture . " "  If the protest song is defined by the lone voice with a guitar , then it probably has declined , even though people like Billy Bragg and so forth strive to keep it alive . " In his brief sojourn as leader of the counterculture 's political awakening , Dylan was following in a tradition for protest in folk music that had existed for centuries . Folk practitioners such as Woody Guthrie and Pete Seeger used their music in the 1940s and 1950s to support the burgeoning labor movement and to speak out against Senator Joseph McCarthy 's purge against "  Un-American " behavior . But the roots of protest music can be traced back to as early as the 14th century in England where the "  Cutty Wren " was taken up as the rallying call for the Peasants ' Revolt of 1381 . The protest song crossed the Atlantic and many were written during the American War of Independence . Nor did the protest song die when Dylan eschewed overtly political song-writing . When Dylan stepped across the electric fence , the protest song made the leap with him . Suddenly , in a world where the counter culture was brushing the brim of mainstream culture , even rock n ' roll , which hitherto had limited itself to the subjects of love , sex , cars and dancing , was overflowing with political messages ; Jimi Hendrix played a version of the "  Star-Spangled Banner " which was interpreted by many as an anti-Vietnam statement . Crosby , Stills , Nash and Young wrote "  Ohio " after four students were killed by members of the Ohio National Guard at an anti-war demonstration at Kent State University . In soul music , artists such as James Brown with "  Say It Loud - I 'm Black and I 'm Proud " and Marvin Gaye with his album "  What 's Going On " became spokespersons for the civil rights movement of the late 1960s . This carried over into the 1980s with hip hop acts such as Public Enemy protesting against the endemic racism and poverty faced by the black community in America . Meanwhile in the UK , the punk movement took on the mantle of political protest from its folk and rock forebears , with groups such as The Clash criticizing racial disharmony in British society . But as the new century approached it seems as though the appetite for using music as a tool for protest diminished . Parallels can be drawn between the political climate of the 1960s and today : a fear of communism has been supplanted by a fear of terrorism and even George W. Bush himself has pointed out similarities between the Vietnam War and the conflict in Iraq . It would seem like a ripe time for the protest song to make a comeback . While the Iraq war has seen some of the 1960s ' stalwarts re-emerge , with Neil Young calling for George W Bush to be impeached and Bruce Springsteen releasing an album of thirteen covers of protest songs by Pete Seeger , none of yesterday 's stars wield the same influence with today 's young as they did when they were at their peek . Some mainstream pop stars have made stabs at political songs . In 2006 Pink released the single "  Dear Mr President , " an open letter to George W. Bush criticizing some of his policies , on her album "  I 'm Not Dead " . But the song was only released as a single in Europe and Australia , leaving her open to criticism that releasing an anti-US foreign policy song in Europe , where opinion had already largely turned against the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , was virtually riskless . But it seems musicians are still flexing their muscles in the political sphere , only the protest comes dressed in different clothes , with a new hard-nosed approach that matches the nous of politicians . Rock stars are no longer part of the counter culture . They are immensely wealthy members of the establishment , with the weight of large corporations behind them , and they are using their insider influence to lobby on behalf of their cause . The focus has shifted to fighting global poverty and climate change , with musical events such as Live 8 and Live Earth , and while they may not be singing songs of protest , pop stars are using their presence at these global events to push for change . "  The idea that we should listen to people like Bono and Geldof on Africa is in a part a product of the thought that musicians were not merely crafters of nice tunes but were actually serious commentators on our world , " says Street . "  The kind of people who might have sat on the outside looking in are now so establishment , they 're acting as pressure groups within the system . " In fact , Geldof has pointedly lambasted the protest song , claiming it has little or no power to effect change . He told Rolling Stone magazine that the protest rock served out by the Clash , who headlined the 1978 Rock Against Racism festival at Victoria Park in London was "  a laughable farce " and that "  the rhetoric of pop revolution was too easy . " It was this same line of thinking that led him to dismiss the idea that African bands should play at Live8 because they were African : they should only appear if they were popular , he argued , as it was the ability to attract large crowds who would rally behind the push to cancel world debt that would persuade public opinion wary G8 leaders to bend from their course . While the Live 8 concerts were met with cynicism by some - "  for many of the people listed in this line-up ... it 's a chance to get on world-wide television , sell a load of albums and feel very pleased with yourself at the end of the day , " said Janet Street-Porter in the UK 's Independent newspaper - they succeeded in bringing on board the world 's media and in exerting pressure which led to the cancelling of debt for the world 's poorest countries and $ 50 billion in aid promised . But according to a report by DATA  Debt , AIDS , Trade , Africa  , the G8 have since "  shuffled at half-pace on aid , and fell backwards on trade " . The legacy of Live8 will determine which relationship between music and politics is the most effective . E-mail to a friend	Protest songs date back to 14th-century Britain and the Peasants ' Revolt Bob Dylan represented the protest song culture in the 60s and 70s Marvin Gaye carried protest into soul ; Public Enemy took it to hip-hop Bob Geldof claims the protest song no longer has power to effect change
Mosul , Iraq  CNN  -- The last U.S. brigade combat team in Iraq has left the country , a move that helps U.S. President Barack Obama reach his goal of 50,000 troops in the country by September 1 . Their departure leaves about 56,000 U.S. troops in the country , according to the U.S. military . Capt. Christopher Ophardt , spokesman for the 4th Stryker Brigade , 2nd Infantry Division , said the last of the 4,000 members of the unit crossed the border into Kuwait early Thursday . A few hundred members stayed behind to finish administrative and logistical duties but will fly out of Baghdad later Thursday , Ophardt said . Much of the brigade departed more than a day ago , but the announcement was delayed for security reasons . Tell us how the Iraq War has affected your life Their departure comes more than seven years after U.S. combat forces entered , though their departure does not signify the end of all U.S. combat forces in the country . Another 6,000 U.S. troops must leave Iraq to meet Obama 's deadline for the end of U.S. combat operations in the country and the beginning of Operation New Dawn , in which the remaining U.S. forces are expected to switch to an advise-and-assist role . A public information officer at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , Washington , said it will take a few weeks for all of the 4-2 's members to return home . "  It is one flight at a time , " she said . "  We are expecting most of them to be home by mid-September . " As they prepared to depart , some soldiers laughed and some expressed relief at having survived multiple deployments . A few reminisced about having endured firefights and helping carry the bodies of buddies off the field of battle . Many said they would never forget the war . "  The first time you get shot at , it 's just , I mean , it wakes you up , " said Sgt. Terry Wetzel , the company 's senior sniper . "  You think , before you come here , that you 're an adult , that you 're a grown man . But this place will change you . " Wetzel said he was ready to go home . "  I feel like we have done as much as we can do here now . It 's pretty much up to the Iraqi army and Iraqi police and their government , " he said . "  We have helped them out as much as we can . " "  We put our blood , sweat and tears since we 've been here for 12 months and we know we did our job and we know it 's not going to be in vain , but there 's a lot of excitement right now , " said Spc. Don Lanpher as he prepared to depart . "  We 're keeping the promise that we 've made when I began my campaign for the presidency , " Obama said Wednesday in Columbus , Ohio , where he was attending a Democratic fundraiser . "  By the end of this month ... our combat mission will be over in Iraq . " Obama said that more than 90,000 U.S. troops have left Iraq in the past 18 months . "  And , consistent with our agreement with the Iraqi government , all of our troops will be out of Iraq by the end of next year , " he said . Former U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker told CNN that the United States has plenty of work left to do in Iraq . "  Iraq is still at the beginning of the story of its evolution since 2003 , " he said , referring to the date of the U.S.-led invasion of the country . "  As tired as many Americans may be , this process is still just at its beginning . " In fact , Iraq remains without a functioning government , electricity and other utilities are available only sporadically in the capital , and violence appears to be increasing . At least 48 people were killed Tuesday outside a military recruiting center in Baghdad . "  We 're going to have to leave a large footprint behind , and this is not going away for us as an issue , " he said . The State Department is preparing to leave much of that footprint . It will handle many of the responsibilities currently shouldered by the military , increasing its security contractors from 2,700 to nearly 7,000 , sources said . They are expected to work with diplomats and police trainers in some facilities . The State Department has asked for an additional $ 400 million to cover the costs , though it was not clear they would get it . The State Department has asked the U.S. military to leave behind surveillance systems , about 50 bomb-resistant vehicles and a few dozen UH-60 helicopters , a military official said . Though they got a lot of what they wanted , the Pentagon said it could not give them all the helicopters because they are needed in Afghanistan , the official said . According to the Pentagon , 4,419 U.S. troops have died in Iraq . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Adam Levine and Chris Lawrence contributed to this story	The last U.S. brigade combat team has left Iraq That leaves 56,000 U.S. troops in the country Another 6,000 troops are slated to leave by September 1 4th Stryker Brigade , 2nd Infantry Division crossed border into Kuwait
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal has given its security personnel permission to shoot pro-Tibet demonstrators during China 's Olympic flame climb to Mount Everest 's summit early next month . Everest and the Himalayan mountain range seen from the air . "  About 25 soldiers and policemen have established camps on the mountain and they have been ordered to use force if necessary to stop any anti-Chinese activities , " Mod Raj Dotel , spokesman for the home ministry , said Sunday . "  This could mean shooting if necessary . " Security personnel will also check mountain climbers for non-essential expedition materials , Dotel added . "  If anyone is found with anti-Chinese material their permit will be canceled and returned from the mountain , " he said . Chinese climbers plan to take the Olympic flame to the top of the world 's highest peak , at 8,848 meters  29,028 feet  as part of the global relay leading up to the August 8 opening of the Summer Olympics in Beijing . Spring is the most popular season for climbing Mount Everest , which straddles the border between Nepal and Tibet , an autonomous region of China . The Nepali government has granted permits to dozens of climbers from 30 expeditions this season . But between May 1 and May 10 , climbers are barred from going above 6,400 meters until the torch run is completed . China plans to take the Olympic flame to the summit sometime then . Harsh weather conditions allow only about two opportunities in May for a push to the summit . The Chinese have not allowed any expedition to climb the mountain from the north side , according the Kathmandu representative of the Tibet China Mountaineering Association . Almost every day in the past month , Nepalese police have arrested pro-Tibet protesters from in front of the Chinese Embassy and the United Nations offices . The demonstrators are released later in the evening . Watch protests in Kathmandu " Supporters of Tibet denounce the government 's stance toward the autonomous region , and many believe China should not have been awarded the honor of hosting the Olympic Games . Earlier torch relay stops in London , England ; Paris , France ; and San Francisco , California attracted tens of thousands of demonstrators . They led to attacks on the torch and relay participants , and prompted police to make dozens of arrests . Subsequent stops in Argentina , Tanzania and Oman were trouble-free . In Pakistan , authorities closed the relay to the public . And India shortened the relay and kept thousands of anti-Chinese protesters at bay by sealing off roads and shuttering buildings along the route . The relay went smoothly in Bangkok , Thailand , on Saturday , amid heavy security and scattered protests along the route . The flame arrived in Malaysia on Sunday . About 1,000 police officers will be on hand to watch for protesters during a relay in the capital city Kuala Lampur Monday . E-mail to a friend	Between May 1 and May 10 , climbers are barred from going above 6,400 m. Security personnel will also check mountain climbers for non-essential items Chinese climbers plan to take the Olympic flame to Everest 's summit Group : China has not allowed any expedition to climb Everest from the north
CNN  -- You 've probably seen the ad campaign encouraging you to take 10 minutes to answer 10 questions and fill out your census form . The Census Bureau wants everyone to put their completed forms in the mail by April 1 , National Census Day . This year 's questionnaire is one of the shortest in history , but the results of the survey have long-term effects . Have n't sent yours in yet ? Lost your form ? Here 's what you need to know : What happens if I do n't turn in my form ? If you do not return it , a replacement form will be sent . Some hard-to-count areas will automatically receive a second questionnaire . In addition , you may get a knock at your door from a census-taker between May 1-July 10 . There are also legal ramifications : Under the law , it is a crime to not answer the census and courts can impose a fine of up to $ 5,000 for not responding . But the bureau says it will use that as the last resort . I never got a form . What should I do ? Your form should have arrived by mid-March . If not , call the Telephone Questionnaire Assistance Center at 1-866-872-6868 , from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. seven days a week through the end of July . Those who are hearing impaired are able to utilize TDD 1-866-783-2010 . For information on assistance in languages other than English , click here . Census Day is not a deadline , so you 'll still be able to send in your information after that date . What do I do if I lost my form ? You can either wait for a replacement form , call the information line or visit a Be Counted location to fill out the form . After April 12 , you 'll be able to call and request a phone interview in place of filling out the form , a Census Bureau spokeswoman said . I sent in my information . What happens next ? The Census Bureau will sift through your information and record the answers into its database . By law , it has until December 2010 to give population statistics to President Obama and until March 2011 to deliver information to the states . Have a complaint ? Call the Census Bureau 's general information number at 1-800-923-8282 . Worried about who sees your information ? The Census Bureau is barred from sharing your answers with anyone , including the IRS , FBI , CIA or any other government agency . In addition , all employees take a nondisclosure oath and are "  sworn for life to protect the confidentiality of the data , " according to the bureau 's Web site . Anyone caught disclosing information faces a fine of up to $ 250,000 , up to a five-year prison sentence , or both . Why is it important to fill out the census form ? The census , taken every 10 years , is used to determine how to allocate more than $ 400 billion in federal funds and how to allocate seats in the House of Representatives . "  There is no representative democracy without it . It 's the scientific , nonpartisan , apolitical starting point of what eventually becomes a quite partisan , political process , " said Kenneth Prewitt , a professor at Columbia 's School of International and Public Affairs and the former director of the Census Bureau . Source : The Census Bureau	The census is taken every 10 years and used to determine how to allocate federal funds Census also helps determine allocation of seats in the House of Representatives The law requires people to fill out and return the form or face penalties
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- An amateur league of ill-trained rebel fighters appears to be on the brink of toppling Moammar Gadhafi 's 42-year rule after reportedly capturing two of the leader 's sons and infiltrating the Libyan capital . But in a possible indication that the fight is not over , celebrations in Tripoli 's Green Square -- renamed Martyrs ' Square by the rebels -- gave way to tension Monday morning after rebels told CNN that they 'd heard Gadhafi army forces were heading their way . CNN could not confirm any movement of Gadhafi forces . The uncertainty came hours after a rebel official said two of Moammar Gadhafi 's sons -- Saif al-Islam and Saadi -- had been arrested by opposition forces . Jumma Ibrahim , a rebel spokesman based in Libya 's western mountain region , said both were captured in Tripoli . International Criminal Court chief prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo said the court plans Monday to contact authorities associated with those holding Saif al-Islam to try to arrange for his transfer to the Netherlands for an eventual trial for "  crimes against humanity . " The court , based in The Hague , issued an arrest warrant earlier this summer for Saif Gadhafi as well as his father and his uncle Abdullah al-Sanussi . Saadi Gadhafi , a businessman and onetime professional soccer player , helped set up an April CNN interview with a woman who claimed she 'd been raped by government troops . He later told CNN that those behind the attack should be prosecuted . There was no immediate reaction from Libyan government officials to the reports of the sons ' arrests . In an audio address broadcast just before midnight Sunday , Moammar Gadhafi claimed "  very small groups of people who are collaborators with the imperialists " were fighting inside the capital . Should the rebels prevail , Gadhafi said NATO would not protect them and predicted massive bloodshed . To prevent such bloodshed , he said , Libyans , including women , should go out and fight . "  Get out and lead , lead , lead the people to paradise , " he said . Just after midnight Sunday , scores of raucous rebel supporters packed Green Square -- the same place where Gadhafi loyalists have congregated regularly -- celebrating , waving the rebel flag and even flashing the "  victory " sign . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Sunday that "  the Gadhafi regime is clearly crumbling , " and urged the leader to acknowledge defeat . "  The rebel fighters are in control of most of the neighborhoods in Tripoli , " said Ibrahim , the rebel spokesman . A main supply route into western Tripoli that had been the scene of intense fighting was clear early Monday , occupied only by rebels heading toward the capital . CNN 's Sara Sidner reported around 3 a.m. that the route heading to Green Square was "  eerily quiet , " with cars passing by checkpoints run by opposition loyalists . Between 100 and 150 rebel fighters by then had gathered in the square , only to scatter an hour later amid concerns about possible snipers and an upcoming battle there , in the heart of the city . The advance included members of the "  Tripoli Brigade , " a group of rebel troops who 'd once lived in the capital and could help navigate the city . But they were n't all professional soldiers , such as one IT worker who had n't held a gun before joining the movement a few months ago . They entered a city that , after being largely free of large-scale fighting since the conflict began six months ago , became the site of intense drama and significant violence over the weekend . Libyan government spokesman Musa Ibrahim told reporters just after 11 p.m. Sunday that about 1,300 people had been killed and about 5,000 wounded in fighting in the previous 12 hours . "  The city  is being turned into a hellfire , " he said . The spokesman denied a report from Arab-language news network Al-Arabiya that Gadhafi 's guard had surrendered , calling it "  false information . " In another sign of possible trouble for the regime , the signal for state-run television -- which has long been a forum for pro-Gadhafi views -- repeatedly froze , with the station later claiming there had been "  interference " due to a "  hostile media campaign . " The network reverted to taped broadcasts of previous pro-Gadhafi gatherings . A fierce gun battle broke out Sunday evening near the hotel where many international reporters were stationed in Tripoli . Many government officials packed their suitcases and left the hotel earlier in the day . A woman in Tripoli said late Sunday that she and others went outside , "  screaming " and calling for Gadhafi 's ouster -- and had plenty of company . "  We realized that no one wants him , no one wants this dictator , " said the resident , whom CNN is not naming for safety reasons . Musa Ibrahim told CNN on Sunday that "  more than 65,000 professional men " are fighting in Tripoli , with thousands more flooding in to help defend the regime , and added they "  can hold for much longer . " He predicted a "  humanitarian disaster " unless an immediate ceasefire is called . "  It 's not about who will win , " he said . "  The world needs to hear this message , that a massacre will be committed in Tripoli if one side wins now . " Some areas of eastern Tripoli , including the suburb of Tajoura , were out of government control Sunday , according to a Libyan government official who asked not to be named . Rebels set car tires afire along barricades there , the official said . Meanwhile , Zawiya -- a key coastal city about 30 miles west of the capital -- appeared under rebel control , with celebratory gunfire and fireworks as some yelled out , "  Libya is free ! " Aref Ali Nayed , an ambassador in the United Arab Emirates for the Libyan rebels ' Transitional National Council , said that opposition forces were calling Sunday "  Day 1 . " "  The reason we declare it ` Day 1 ' is because we feel Gadhafi is already finished . He is already finished , most importantly , in our hearts , " he said . "  We no longer fear him . " Ibrahim , the government spokesman , blamed NATO for the conflict and appealed for a cease-fire . "  Every drop of Libyan blood shed by these rebels is the responsibility of the Western world , especially NATO 's countries , " he said . "  We hold  U.S. President Barack  Obama ,  British Prime Minister David  Cameron and  French President Nicolas  Sarkozy morally responsible for every single unnecessary death that takes place in this country . " Several U.S. officials -- including President Barack Obama , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- were getting updates on the situation , officials said . "  Tonight , the momentum against the Gadhafi regime has reached a tipping point , " Obama said in a statement , claiming "  Tripoli is slipping from the grasp of a tyrant . ... The surest way for the bloodshed to end is simple : Moammar Gadhafi and his regime need to recognize that their rule has come to an end . " In the rebel hub of Benghazi , meanwhile , CNN iReporter Sammi Addahoumi showed video of large , boisterous crowds in the city 's Freedom Square reacting as reports of the developments played on a large screen . "  The spirits are quite high , " said Addahoumi , a 28-year-old deli manager from South Carolina who said his father fled Benghazi decades ago . "  Everyone is expecting Tripoli to fall . " In the first of his speeches on state television Sunday , though , Gadhafi was still insisting the rebels -- whom he described as "  infidels , " "  traitors " and "  gangsters " -- would fail and vowed not to back down . "  This is the hour of victory , " he said . "  This hour is the hour of defiance . " CNN 's Sara Sidner , Raja Razek , Jomana Karadsheh , Matthew Chance , Christine Theodorou , Kamal Ghattas , Greg Botelho , Mark Phillips , Kareem Khadder , Roba Alhenawi and Barbara Starr and journalist Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Rebels in the capital include the "  Tripoli Brigade , " consisting of ex-Tripoli residents Rebel fighters scatter from Green Square amid fears Gadhafi forces are nearing Two of Gadhafi 's sons -- Saadi and Saif al-Islam -- are arrested , a rebel official says Their father earlier urged Libyans to fight to "  lead the people to paradise "
CNN  -- The results of the Saville Inquiry into the 1972 Bloody Sunday massacre in Northern Ireland were unveiled Tuesday . Here are some questions and answers about the inquiry , which is one of the longest in British legal history . What is Bloody Sunday ? On Sunday , January 30 , 1972 , a large crowd took part in a banned civil rights march in the Northern Ireland city of Londonderry .  Even the name of the city is disputed , with pro-Irish nationalists calling it Derry and pro-British unionists calling it Londonderry .  After a disturbance , British Army paratroopers fired shots into the crowd , killing a total of 14 people . "  Bloody Sunday , " as it came to be known , was a major turning point in Northern Ireland 's history and considered by many to be one of the greatest injustices of the Troubles . Why is there so much controversy surrounding Bloody Sunday ? There was already simmering anger and distrust in Derry when the soldiers opened fire , and Bloody Sunday only served to increase the anti-British sentiment in the city . The soldiers said shots were fired before they shot at the crowd . An inquiry shortly after the shootings largely cleared the soldiers of wrongdoing and alleged some of the dead and wounded were gunmen or bombers . However , former Prime Minister Tony Blair said in 1998 there is no proof that the victims were handling any weapons or bombs . The shootings led to international condemnation and , according to analysts , hardened anti-British sentiments in Northern Ireland and led to many fresh recruits to the Irish Republican Army . The semi-autonomous Northern Irish government was suspended weeks later , which was followed by decades of rule from London . This happened in 1972 , so why has n't there been an inquiry before now ? There was an inquiry that same year , and the report came out 11 weeks after Bloody Sunday . But because it happened so soon after the incident , the inquiry was not able to take all the evidence that was later available , including evidence from people who were still in hospitals . Lord Chief Justice John Widgery , who led the 1972 inquiry , also did not consider substantial numbers of eyewitness accounts provided to his inquiry , former Prime Minister Tony Blair said when he launched the current inquiry in 1998 . New material including new eyewitness accounts , new interpretation of ballistic material , and new medical evidence , has also come to light since 1972 , Blair said . Blair ordered the inquiry to boost the struggling Northern Ireland peace process following a clamor by the victims ' relatives , but Protestant political leaders and senior officers in the Parachute Regiment -- whose soldiers fired the fatal shots -- condemned the inquiry . It was , however , instrumental in bringing about the landmark Good Friday agreement , signed later that year , that led to relative peace in the process after 30 years of violence in which almost 3,000 people died . When did the current inquiry begin ? The current inquiry began in 1998 after Blair decided there was enough new evidence to merit a fresh investigation . The families of those killed had presented a new dossier on Bloody Sunday to the British government the year before , in 1997 , and the Irish government had also sent a detailed analysis of the new evidence and of Widgery 's findings in light of the new material . Who led the inquiry ? Mark Saville , a member of the British Supreme Court , chaired the inquiry . The other members were Canadian judge William Hoyt and Australian judge John Toohey . Read Saville Inquiry report on Bloody Sunday Why has it taken 12 years for the inquiry to finish ? The inquiry investigated a massive amount of evidence and testimony . Inquiry members interviewed and received statements from around 2,500 people and heard testimony from 922 of them . The first witness testified in November 2000 and the last testified in January 2005 . The inquiry looked at a total of 160 volumes of evidence , including 13 volumes of photographs , 121 audiotapes and 110 videotapes . The inquiry has been criticized for taking so long and also for costing so much -- a total of # 190 million  $ 280.3 million  as of February 2010 . Will anyone be prosecuted after the report comes out ? The inquiry was not a trial ; it only sought the truth about what happened on Bloody Sunday . Its task was not to decide in favor of one side or the other , according to the inquiry . Witnesses who testified may be open to prosecution later , although any evidence they gave to the inquiry -- whether oral or written -- may not be used against them if they are prosecuted , the inquiry says . What effect might the report have ? Victims ' relatives will be pleased the report cleared the dead of blame , declared the killings unlawful , and will hope it leads to prosecutions of soldiers . But the report is also likely to test relations between pro-British unionists and nationalists , who now share power in Northern Ireland . CNN 's Melissa Gray and Peter Wilkinson in London , England , contributed to this report .	Longest-running inquiry in British history looked into 1972 Northern Ireland killings 13 people killed on the spot by British soldiers , while 1 died later Probe heard from thousands of witnesses over a dozen years , costing $ 280 million Investigation could reopen old wounds
London  CNN  -- The Church of England named former oil executive Justin Welby as the next archbishop of Canterbury , making him the titular leader of the world 's 77 million Anglicans . Welby , who has been a bishop for only a year , is considered an outspoken critic of the excesses of capitalism , a supporter of women bishops and an opponent of gay marriage . He will be enthroned as archbishop of Canterbury on March 21 . Read more : CNN Belief Blog Speaking as his appointment was announced Friday at Lambeth Palace in London , Welby said it was a privilege to take the helm at a time when the "  tide of events is turning " and the church has great opportunities to be involved in a changing world . "  To be nominated to this post is both astonishing and exciting , " he said , adding that it is a time for "  optimism and for faith in the church " as it faces tough issues . One of those issues is the ordination of women bishops , on which the General Synod will vote later this month . Welby said he would be voting in favor -- and urged the Synod to go ahead with the change . Welby said he supported the opposition voiced by the Church of England earlier this year in response to a British government consultation on upgrading same-sex "  civil partnerships " to gay marriage . However , he added , the church must not accept any form of homophobia . Read more : Head of Anglican church to step down Welby acknowledged that homosexuality is a highly divisive issue within the wider Anglican Communion , but said he would listen "  very attentively " to the concerns of the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender community . He promised to "  examine my own thinking carefully and prayerfully " on gay issues . Paying tribute to the faith and charitable work of churchgoers and clergy around the country , Welby , who is currently the bishop of Durham , said he felt "  utterly optimistic about the future of the church . " Reflecting on his wider role , Welby said the Anglican Communion , "  for all its difficulties , is also a source of remarkable blessing to the world . " He singled out northern Nigeria , where churches have been targeted in deadly attacks by the militant Islamist group Boko Haram , as a place where Christians are under particular pressure . Peppered with wry jokes , his speech displayed a sense of humor and down-to-earth attitude that may help him negotiate the minefield of conflicting views and interests within the vast Anglican Communion . Educated at Cambridge University , Welby worked for oil companies in Paris and London before training for the ministry . His appointment was approved by Queen Elizabeth II , as supreme governor of the Church of England . He will take over from Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , who has headed the church for more than a decade . Welby paid tribute to Williams ' moral courage and learning , and said he would be a hard act to follow . "  The church worldwide owes him a great debt , more than it knows , and I shall be continuing to seek his advice and wisdom , " the archbishop-elect said . The secretary general of the Anglican Communion , Canon Kenneth Kearon , welcomed the news of the appointment , saying Welby "  already has rich knowledge and experience of the Anglican Communion , and brings great pastoral and intellectual gifts to this position . "  He is a gifted communicator , deeply committed to the engagement between the Christian faith and an increasingly challenging secular society . " The news was also welcomed by the archbishop of Westminster , the Most Reverend Vincent Nichols , who heads the Catholic Church in England and Wales . "  I know that Bishop Welby will bring many personal gifts and experience to his new role , " he said in a statement . "  As the future primate of the Church of England , I am sure that his ministry , like that of his predecessor Archbishop Rowan Williams , will provide an important Christian witness to this country over the coming years . " In the United States , Presiding Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori of the Episcopal Church said Welby 's experience of churches in different countries and his "  knowledge of the immense challenges of the world " would stand him in good stead . "  His gifts of reconciliation and discernment will be abundantly tested " in the role , she added .	NEW : Church leaders welcome Justin Welby 's appointment Welby will become the titular leader of the world 's 77 million Anglicans "  To be nominated to this post is both astonishing and exciting , " he says Archbishop-elect says he will vote for women bishops , opposes gay marriage
UNITY , New Hampshire  CNN  -- The day began with a kiss . Sen. Hillary Clinton and Sen. Barack Obama leave Washington on Friday for a rally in New Hampshire . Sen. Barack Obama , on the tarmac at Reagan Washington National Airport , reached out to shake Sen. Hillary Clinton 's hand and leaned down to kiss her cheek . It went on from there . Wearing a tie that matched her suit , he put his hand on her back , guiding the way up the plane steps . They sat side-by-side for the flight up to Manchester , New Hampshire , chatting amiably . One overheard conversation was about the plane . Clinton had used it during the primary season . They hopped on a souped-up bus for the 1 1/2 - hour ride to Unity , New Hampshire . The honorary mayor of Unity introduced the pair , admitting that he was a Republican who voted for John McCain in the primary . He did n't seem so sure about the general election . They walked onstage to the tune of "  Beautiful Day . " Arms around each other 's waists , they smiled and waved at the crowd . Every camera angle had UNITY signs , big and little , in the backdrop . She said she wants to help elect him president . He gave an ode to Hillary : "  She rocks . " Watch more from Unity " One woman stood at the back , periodically yelling , "  Hillary for VP ! " A few others , older women , stubbornly held up tattered Hillary For President placards . But the vast majority cheered her , "  Thank you , Hillary ! " and him , "  Yes , we can ! " They held new signs for the new times : "  UNITY FOR CHANGE . " As the dynamic duo glowed onstage , a Clinton staffer circulated through the press corps with word that Hillary and Bill Clinton had gone online to give the maximum contribution allowed by law to the Obama for President campaign . It was the picture-perfect day of togetherness that Barack Obama had wanted . It was not entirely believable , but politics is the art of pragmatism .	Sens. Clinton and Obama hold a unity rally in Unity , New Hampshire Crowley : A "  day of togetherness that Barack Obama had wanted " "  It was not entirely believable , but politics is the art of pragmatism , " Crowley adds
NEW YORK  CNN  -- While shoulder pads and big hair are no longer part of the Bangles ' repertoire , those glorious harmonies remain . The Bangles just started on a new CD and have stayed active by touring . The '80s band  whose members are n't entirely sold on that description  recently powered through a set at Sirus XM Radio 's New York headquarters as part of the company 's "  Artist Confidential " series . An audience of happy fans watched from outside a studio as Susanna Hoffs and sisters Vicki and Debbi Peterson attempted to rattle the glass walls with the melodious "  Manic Monday " and an electric "  Hazy Shade of Winter . " The Bangles broke up at the end of the decade , after also having hits with "  Eternal Flame " and "  Walk Like an Egyptian , " but re-formed in 2000 . In 2003 , they released the album "  Doll Revolution . " They 've just started on a new CD . These days , there are only three members ; bassist Michael Steele left the group in 2005 . Watch the group draw the line at walking like an Egyptian " Hoffs , now 50 but looking nowhere near it , celebrates the release of a side project next month : a collection of '70s covers with musician Matthew Sweet called "  Under The Covers Vol . 2 . " The Bangles talked to CNN about fine wine , being horrified by the decade that made them and stumbling across embarrassing photos on the Web . CNN : What 's it like performing together now ? Is it easier or more enjoyable than it was in the '80s ? Susanna Hoffs : For me , it is . One nice thing about getting older is that we 're better musicians , and we play better . Vicki Peterson : And slightly more relaxed as humans . And maybe we have a little more perspective . Hoffs : That fine wine mellowing .  It  has happened to us as well . Vicki Peterson : Yes , the drinking of the fine wine , not the being of the fine wine . Debbi Peterson : We 've mellowed out , man . CNN : Well , that 's kind of boring , is n't it ? Hoffs : Do n't worry . We still have our edgy moments . CNN : Now that you all have families , how do you juggle recording an album and going on the road ? Hoffs : There 's a lot of text messaging . It 's mostly scheduling . It 's crazy how busy we are . But it 's OK . It 's just juggling . It 's like any working mother . CNN : How 's the new album coming along ? Vicki Peterson : We just sort of started it , scratched the surface . ... We 've been having a good time , and we 're experimenting with technology . Both Susanna and I have studios in our home , so that 's going to open up our scheduling a little bit . We 're also recording as we write , which we 've never done before . So it 's an interesting process . CNN : Do you have a deadline ? Hoffs : No . No record label , no deadline . And that 's kind of what 's fun about it . Vicki Peterson : No one breathing down our necks . Hopefully we get it done . Because normally we need deadlines or we do n't do anything . CNN : Why do you think people are still so fascinated with the '80s ? Hoffs : I 've been thinking about that a lot lately . Because during the '80s , we were sort of horrified by the '80s ! No , not horrified ... but we were shocked by how silly a lot of it was . And kitsch . Debbi Peterson : And big hair . Vicki Peterson : And not in synch with our own time . Hoffs : We were little girls who grew up being obsessed with all things '60s , because to us , the '60s was like the Renaissance . It was like the golden age of culture , art and music , films and fashion . I think there 's an aspect to the '80s that no matter what you think about it , it was just silly and fun and lighthearted . There was n't a lot of protest music going on . There was n't a lot of super-meaningful stuff , except there was great indie rock that came out of the '80s . It was just fun . CNN : But ultimately , you do n't identify yourselves as an '80s band , do you ? Vicki Peterson : No , we do n't . Even in the '80s , we felt a little out of our element . Hoffs : And yet I wore the terrible shoulder pads . Debbi Peterson : We 're all guilty of that one . Hoffs : Why did I do that ? CNN : Do you often look back at old photos ? Hoffs : The problem is the Internet . Everything 's on there now . It 's inescapable . Vicki Peterson : Everything lives forever . CNN : Do you self-Google just to torture yourselves ? Debbi Peterson : Never . Vicki Peterson :  jokingly  That 's a rather personal question , is n't it ? Hoffs : I 've been known to do it , just to kind of see what 's out there , and it 's a very dangerous , slippery slope . One should not do it too often . Vicki Peterson : I would n't recommend it . CNN : What do you think about social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and MySpace ? Hoffs : I think if it 's not twitter-lating , then one must not spend too much time doing it . Twittering . I ca n't go down that path yet . ... Vicki Peterson : Tweeting actually is the verb . One tweets . Hoffs : I know , but I 've created the new "  twitter-lating . " It 's my own personal statement on it . It 's just too many things to keep track of . And it 's too many things that are about the moment . Vicki Peterson : There 's a complete lack of the inner critic , a complete lack of editing . Everything is out there all the time . There 's no mystery . I do n't think I want the world to know my innermost thoughts . CNN : Are there any girl bands out there that impress you ? Vicki Peterson : It 's a rare breed still for whatever reason . Antigone Rising opened for us here in New York . They were wonderful . Debbi Peterson : The Donnas . Hoffs : People do n't realize how awesome it is and how fun it is , having the camaraderie with other women . Women get together and do other things . Why not play music together ? There 's a certain something about it that 's very compelling . CNN : Take me back to the moment when you decided to reunite . Vicki Peterson : It was a long , drawn-out moment . It lasted about three years . Hoffs : I was the instigator . You guys would admit that , too . Vicki Peterson : Absolutely . At ever-increasingly close intervals , she would call . Eventually , we did all get on the phone together and decide that the idea was a good one . We were all making music with other people , and there is a certain magic to the Bangles when we sing together . Debbi Peterson : The voices . Vicki Peterson : And the writing . I missed the writing partnership .	The Bangles were '80s hitmakers with "  Walk Like an Egyptian , " "  Eternal Flame " Group broke up in late '80s , re-formed in 2000 ; enjoying touring , recording Susanna Hoffs says she 's shocked at how silly the '80s were
CNN  -- Numerous Arab governments have used violence to quash demonstrations in the wake of mass protests in Egypt , a leading human rights group says in a new report . Human Rights Watch , which says it conducts "  rigorous , objective investigations , " issued the report Tuesday alleging clampdowns by Palestinian leadership , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , Syria , the United Arab Emirates , and Yemen . "  Images of the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt have mesmerized the Arab public but have terrified their rulers , " Sarah Leah Whitson , the group 's Middle East and North Africa director , said in a statement . "  They have responded with their usual mix of repression and intimidation to nip the buds of any wider democratic blossoming . " Human Rights Watch said the Palestinian Authority , which controls the West Bank , "  used violence against peaceful demonstrators " during a rally last week in which people were supporting the Egyptian protesters . "  Witnesses told Human Rights Watch that regular police and ` special forces , ' identifiable by their uniforms , punched , kicked , and detained participants , as well as at least two journalists and a Human Rights Watch research assistant , " the report said . The report added that on January 30 , the Palestinian Authority shut down a solidarity demonstration . Hamas , which controls Gaza , "  quashed a solidarity demonstration on January 31 , " Human Rights Watch said . "  The police arbitrarily arrested six women and threatened to arrest another 20 people , who had responded to a call on Facebook for a demonstration , as soon as they arrived at the Park of the Unknown Soldier in Gaza City . " CNN reported on the January 31 demonstration , in which Hamas security broke up the event and detained some female protesters . CNN has also reported on the Palestinian Authority breaking up two attempts to stage small rallies . The Palestinian Authority said participants did not have government permission for the rallies . Witnesses said participants were pushed and shoved , and some were detained . Later , both the Palestinian Authority and Hamas allowed some events supporting solidarity with Egypt to take place . On Saturday , Palestinians demonstrating in support of Egyptian anti-government protesters , at an approved event in Ramallah , were forcibly dispersed when a few dozen men in civilian clothes disrupted the protest . A spokesman for the Palestinian Authority security services , Maj. Gen. Adnan Dmeiri , told CNN that that demonstration "  had all the permits needed , and it is our duty as the Palestinian security to protect the demonstration , which the police and the security did . Our duty is to protect and serve the people . " Human Rights Watch said that in Syria , security services briefly detained five young demonstrators at three different protests , and that on February 2 , "  a group of 20 people in civilian clothing beat and dispersed 15 demonstrators who had assembled in Bab Touma in old Damascus to hold a candlelight vigil for Egyptian demonstrators . Police nearby failed to intervene , one of the gathering 's organizers told Human Rights Watch . "  When demonstrators went to the local police station to file a complaint , a security official insulted and slapped Suheir Atassi , one of the main organizers , and accused her of being a ` germ ' and an agent of foreign powers . Syria 's security services had summoned more than 10 activists to pressure them not to demonstrate . " Syria had no immediate public response to the report on its state-run news agency , SANA . A representative of the Syrian Embassy in Washington had no immediate response . In the United Arab Emirates , Human Rights Watch said , state security arrested Hasan Muhammad al-Hammadi , who "  had spoken out publicly in solidarity with the Egyptian demonstrators " during a mosque sermon . "  He remains in detention . " UAE officials did not immediately respond to a call from CNN . In Saudi Arabia , Human Rights Watch said , "  security forces briefly arrested between 30 and 50 demonstrators in Jeddah " on January 28 , according to reports . "  Police arrested demonstrators as soon as they gathered , with dozens of others scattering . " Saudi Arabia had no mention of the report on its state-run news agency , the Saudi Press Agency . The Saudi Embassy in Washington had no immediate response . In Yemen , Human Rights Watch said , "  police and military forces used live and rubber bullets to disperse protesters on February 3 . Six people were injured and 28 arrested , the Yemeni Observatory for Human Rights reported . " Mohammed Al-Basha , spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington , told CNN on Wednesday that the February 3 protests were generally peaceful . "  There were some incidents " in which "  demonstrators physically provoked police officers " or destroyed properties , and those demonstrators were detained , he said , adding that most were later released . "  Live ammunitions are never shot directly at any demonstrators , " he added , saying that sometimes authorities will shoot into the air to disperse crowds , such as when they get close to a government building . On Monday , Yemeni Prime Minister Ali Mujawar told CNN his country is "  democratic " with a "  democratic regime , " and accused opposition parties of "  trying to duplicate what happened in Tunisia and Egypt , and act as if it should be imposed on the people here in Yemen . " In Sudan , Human Rights Watch said , "  authorities used excessive force during largely peaceful protests on January 30 and 31 in Khartoum and other northern cities to call for an end to the National Congress Party  NCP  rule and government-imposed price increases . " "  Witnesses in Khartoum and Omdurman reported that armed riot police and national security personnel dispersed groups of protesters using pipes , sticks , and teargas , injuring several people and preventing some people from joining the protests . Some protesters threw rocks at riot police , but most were peaceful , witnesses said . The majority of those arrested were released within hours , but more than 20 are still missing and believed to be held by national security forces . " The Sudanese Embassy in Washington responded that the country "  affirms and protects the right of the citizens to demonstrate as they wish , provided that people abide by the rules and regulations in place , guidelines meant to ensure public order and safety . " In a statement , the embassy said "  some opportunists capitalize " on incidents aimed at maintaining safety "  to inspire chaos or smear Sudan 's image . " "  A few zealous individuals from both sides of the aisle might act in a way that contravenes the right to free expression , " the statement added . The protests might reflect "  genuine grievances relating to the economy , " which the government recognizes , the Sudanese Embassy said . "  But for effective results , order must prevail , not chaos . " U.S. State Department Human Rights Reports have criticized all these governments , to various extents , for cracking down on protests or dissent . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Jennifer Fenton and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : Sudan responds that it protects the right to demonstrate Human Rights Watch official says governments are using repression and intimidation Group cites Palestinian leadership , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , Syria , the UAE , and Yemen Yemeni spokesman says protests in his country have been generally peaceful
CNN  -- Pope Francis ignited a firestorm on the Internet with a few words about gay and lesbian people that seemed to suggest a new church position on homosexuality . I say "  seemed to " because it would only appear new to someone who was unfamiliar with the old position . Speaking to a gang of reporters bringing up the rear of his plane on the way home from his quotific visit to Rio de Janeiro , the pope was asked about his recent reference to a "  gay lobby " among the curial staff in Rome . That phrase is already the source of some confusion . The pope responded that although a "  gay lobby , " as in an inter-curial pressure group -- for or against more acceptance of gay Catholics , who can say ? -- might be an issue , he did not have a problem with men and women who are homosexual . "  If they accept the Lord and have good will , who am I to judge them ? They should n't be marginalized . The tendency  to homosexuality  is not the problem ... they 're our brothers . " What we learned about Pope Francis in Brazil Speaking about homosexuality so frankly was remarkable in and of itself , but nothing the pope said deviated from current Catholic catechism . Although it regards homosexual acts as "  intrinsically disordered , " church teaching demands that gay and lesbian people be accepted with "  respect , compassion , and sensitivity . " "  Every sign of unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided , " reads the catechism . "  These persons are called to fulfill God 's will in their lives and , if they are Christians , to unite to the sacrifice of the Lord 's Cross the difficulties they may encounter from their condition . " The catechism is a little more nuanced , and less unsightly , than the standard "  hate the sin , love the sinner " platitude , but it does n't say much more and it 's far less than most lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Catholics would like to hear from their church . Pope Francis was merely reiterating this teaching in his wonderfully straightforward , cut-through-the-gobbledygook manner . That 's not to say that his remarks do n't suggest a different emphasis in the church 's tone and pastoral approach to gay and lesbian Catholics that will surely be welcome . Francis places the emphasis first on solidarity  "  they 're our brothers "  and refers to the redemption and mercy all of us require and are capable of achieving . And as a practical ecclesiastical matter , his comments also argue that the "  duty " to discourage the vocations of men with "  deep-seated homosexual tendencies " may be en route to the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " historical rag and bone shop . Other groups of disaffected Catholics can also take heart from the pope 's unfiltered comments on the plane . He suggested that his cardinal action squad of curial reformers will also be looking at the way the church has treated Catholics who , for whatever reason , could not annul their marriages . Divorced and remarried Catholics have long been cut off from the sacramental and communal life of the church . Francis clearly wants to find a way to bring them home . Opinion : What the pope left out about women Women can also be hopeful that Francis hears their lamentations regarding how they have been cut off from leadership roles in the church . Although he suggested that he had little inclination to return to the issue of women 's ordination , he said the church still has far to go in developing a real theology that explains the importance of women in the church . What that means practically speaking remains to be seen . Let 's hope that what does not become lost as his comments on homosexuality are parsed , turned over and otherwise manhandled by the media in the coming days , is the pope 's keen attention during his World Youth Day visit to issues of economic injustice and the importance of political and social dialogue . Asked why he did not spend so much time on issues such as abortion and same-sex marriage while in Rio , he said the church 's teaching on such matters are already clear . This pope may be interested in moving at least rhetorically away from cultural stalemates and on to other issues that have also long been a preoccupation of the church : fighting poverty and human deprivation , creating political and economic opportunity , the just and sustainable stewardship of creation . In Rio he spoke frequently on social justice and alleviating poverty , asking all to give of their talents to respond to the world 's aching needs in a country where those needs and inequities are obvious . In Rio , Francis expressed his hope for a "  culture of encounter , " as he described it . That 's an encounter across gay and straight lines , political and class lines , self-drawn lines between secularists and the faithful , borders between the haves and have-nots . As important as his off-the-cuff comments on the plane were -- and might turn out to be in the future -- his message of solidarity and his call to action on social injustice and economic inequality had a just claim to its share of the bandwidth on Twitter this week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Clarke .	Kevin Clarke : Pope Francis ' remarks about gays are n't a new position on homosexuality Clarke : His talking frankly was startling , but calling for compassion for gays is not new Clarke : The church may change its tone and approach to gay and lesbian Catholics , however But pope 's call in Rio for action on social injustice and poverty was equally important , he says
CNN  -- Actress Mackenzie Phillips reveals she had a long-term incestuous relationship with her famous father , musician John Philips , in a tell-all memoir , according to People.com , which obtained an advance copy of her book . Actress Mackenzie Phillips reportedly reveals a family secret to Oprah Winfrey . Phillips , the 49-year-old former child star and daughter of the Mamas and the Papas founder John Phillips , says she had sex with her father the night before she was to marry Jeff Sessler , a member of the Rolling Stones entourage , in 1979 , according to People.com . "  On the eve of my wedding , my father showed up , determined to stop it , " writes Phillips , who was 19 at the time and a heavy drug user , according to People.com . "  I had tons of pills , and Dad had tons of everything too . Eventually I passed out on Dad 's bed . " Phillips , best known as Julie Cooper on the sitcom "  One Day at a Time , " says the sexual relationship became consensual as her life began to spiral out of control . During her time on the hit CBS comedy , which ran from 1975 to 1984 , she battled drug addiction and underwent drug rehabilitation . She later was fired from the show in 1980 because of her drug abuse . Watch Phillips discuss her arrest " Eventually , she and her father went to rehab together and she later toured with him in a band called the New Mamas and the Papas , according to People.com . "  I was a fragment of a person , and my secret isolated me , " she writes , according to People.com . "  One night Dad said , ` We could just run away to a country where no one would look down on us . There are countries where this is an accepted practice . Maybe Fiji . ' " Phillips will reportedly unleash the secret she has kept to herself for 31 years in an interview on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " scheduled to air Wednesday . Phillips ' book , "  High on Arrival , " comes out the same day . Phillips has led a troubled life that has included substance abuse and a 2008 arrest at Los Angeles International Airport on suspicion of cocaine and heroin possession . She later pleaded guilty to one count of cocaine possession and was ordered to a drug rehab program . The interview features Phillips discussing the time she spent hiding in her home , compulsively purchasing items from a television shopping channel as well as the events surrounding her arrest . In a promotional clip for "  The Oprah Winfrey Show , " Phillips also says her father shot her up with drugs . John Phillips , who died in 2001 , had a well-documented drug problem and was convicted of drug trafficking in 1981 . He told many stories of his drug abuse in his memoir , "  Papa John . " Mackenzie Phillips also tells Winfrey about an encounter she purportedly had with rock 'n' roll legend Mick Jagger . "  One Day at a Time " co-star Valerie Bertinelli also appears on the Winfrey show in support of Phillips . Phillips ' career as an actress took off when , as a teen , she performed the role of Carol Morrison in the 1973 film "  American Graffiti . " In the late 1990s , her career experienced a revival when she began co-starring on "  So Weird , " a Disney Channel program .	NEW : Mackenzie Phillips says she slept with John Philips night before her wedding NEW : Phillips says relationship grew consensual ; father proposed moving to Fiji The former child star has led a troubled life She was arrested in 2008 on suspicion of drug possession
CNN  -- He was not able to fulfill his childhood dream of being a pilot , but Ghanaian scientist Dr. Ave Kludze has arguably gone one better : developing and flying spacecrafts for NASA . The moon , Mars and beyond : All are in the sights of Dr. Ave Kludze . The 43-year-old did n't enter orbit when controlling a NASA rocket to launch the Calipso environmental satellite in 2006 , instead piloting it from the control center on the ground . Nevertheless from growing up in Ghana to being an astronautical engineer and strategist for NASA , he has had a similarly stratospheric rise to the top . Growing up in Accra , Kludze was fascinated by science and how things worked . "  I was a very curious kid and I always questioned lots of things , and most of my friends I grew up with , they knew that . And my parents , they were a little bit concerned because sometimes I would take apart a lot of things they would not want me to touch , " he told CNN . When he realized he could not become a pilot because of his eyesight he channeled his energies into studying engineering , moving to the U.S. to complete a course in electrical engineering at Rutgers University . On graduating Kludze initially planned to return to Ghana to develop solar technologies , but then NASA came calling in 1995 . "  I never did dream of working for NASA . I admired what they did , but it never did cross my mind . I did not see how a kid like me could work for NASA , " he said . He commanded his first spacecraft from NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center and has gone on to develop an extra-vehicular infra-red camera as well as other projects for the space agency . While he did n't return to Ghana as he originally planned , he still believes that his work -- and NASA 's -- has had some benefits to his native country and more down-to-earth lives . "  Well , NASA has done a lot for Africans . Maybe Africans they no know that . They have cell phones , glasses , anti-scratch and all those things . We have portable water system that NASA has developed for Africa . They 're using it , " he said . "  And one thing people often forget , NASA does n't only develop space technology , we also develop aeronautical technology . So when the planes they fly and other flying objects , NASA 's technology has been involved in that . " Kludze is also keen to pass on the message that for young Africans , the sky is the limit in terms of what they do with their lives . "  I 've learned that being given the freedom to think and think openly helps bring in new ideas . So in community , like in an African communities , I think younger generations and both the old and the young should freely share ideas and break those old barriers . "  So I believe that with some determination and some hard work most of the younger generation can get whatever they want to . They can even go into space , they can do anything . "	American-Ghanaian engineer is one of NASA 's top strategists Grew up in Accra before studying in U.S. ; joined NASA in 1995 Has remotely piloted space craft ; believes other Africans can follow in his footsteps
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's prime minister appealed for calm and asked protesters to return to their homes Tuesday following four days of violence in Cairo and a day after the nation 's Cabinet offered to resign . "  We have met the demands of the people and submitted our resignations , " Prime Minister Essam Sharaf said , according to Egypt 's Nile TV . "  Now please put the interests of the country first . " Fresh violence broke out Tuesday near the city 's Tahrir Square . For several hours , protesters hurled stones at police and chanted , calling for the downfall of the Supreme Council of Armed Forces . The military-led government began leading the country after protesters ousted President Hosni Mubarak in February . Demonstrators apparently tried to defend Tahrir Square as they faced off with police on a connecting street . The square was once a hub for the movement that led to Mubarak 's ouster and is now a center for the protests against Egypt 's military rulers . Egyptian police responded with tear gas and rubber bullets , forcing protesters to retreat briefly before they returned with renewed intensity . Violence also spread to other parts of Egypt . Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , head of Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , will address the nation Tuesday , according to Egyptian state broadcaster Al Masriya . The latest report contradicted an earlier one saying he would speak "  shortly . " After Mubarak 's fall , military leaders took control with the promise that eventually a civilian government would be elected and take over . Military leaders still say they will hand over power to a new government when one is elected . However , while parliamentary elections are set to take place Monday , a complex electoral process follows , and the presidential vote could be a year away . Demonstrators say they are concerned the military , which would continue to be Egypt 's top authority until a president is in place , wants to keep a grip on the country . Many also have voiced anger about a proposed constitutional principle that would shield the military 's budget from scrutiny by civilian powers . They say they worry the military would become a state within a state . On the streets of Cairo , some protesters have gone further , shouting that they believe Mubarak is running the military council and , in fact , the entire country from prison . He and his sons Gamal and Alaa face charges of corruption and of killing protesters . Three Americans were arrested Monday outside the Interior Ministry in Cairo . Authorities accuse them of throwing Molotov cocktails , said Adel Saeed , a spokesman for the office of Egypt 's general prosecutor . The young men are students at American University in Cairo , according to university spokeswoman Morgan Roth . She identified them as Gregory Porter , 19 , of Glenside , Pennsylvania ; Luke Gates , 21 , of Bloomington , Indiana ; and Derrik Sweeney , 19 , from Jefferson City , Missouri . Porter attends Drexel University in Pennsylvania , Gates goes to Indiana University and Sweeney studies at Georgetown University , she said . At least two of them were on a semesterlong study abroad program in Cairo . David Lynfield , deputy press officer in the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , said the "  claims are being currently investigated . " The university is working with the embassy , Roth said . Tuesday 's violence marks the fourth day of clashes between security forces and protesters . Twenty-nine protesters have died in the clashes since Saturday , said Hisham Sheeha , spokesman for Egypt 's Health Ministry . About 1,785 people have been injured , he said . Earlier , Dr. Adil al-Adawi , another ministry spokesman , said about 200 of those injuries came Monday . Egypt 's Interior Ministry said 102 officers and conscripts have been injured , with wounds ranging from gunshots to burns from Molotov cocktails . One officer was shot in the head . Some political factions have vowed to hold a sit-in Tuesday at Tahrir Square , demanding the immediate resignation of the Supreme Council . They also demand the immediate punishment of those who have killed protesters in the past few days . The Alliance of the Revolutionaries of Egypt is calling the event a "  million man sit-in . " The Muslim Brotherhood , one of the largest organizations in the nation , has said that its members will not join that protest . "  We did n't start this mess , " said engineering student Mahmour Radwan , who traveled to Cairo from Alexandria on Tuesday with two friends to join the protests . He said authorities started it , when they killed people "  and put them in the street . " Radwan and many other protesters were equipped with surgical masks and other items in an attempt to protect themselves from the clouds of tear gas . Young women stood nearby , holding bottles of water and poised to treat those overcome by the tear gas . Violence also spread to Alexandria ahead of a planned "  million man " protest there . One person was killed and 60 others injured in that city , said al-Adawi , a Health Ministry spokesman . Thousands of people clashed with police Monday night near the city 's police headquarters . Rocks were thrown and tear gas used , said activist Huda Al-Sadani . Some people were arrested , Al-Sadani said , and clashes continued throughout the night . Two of the deaths came in the city of Ismalia , said Sheeha , a Health Ministry spokesman . Violence also was reported in the city of Suez . Amid the unrest , Egypt 's Cabinet offered to resign Monday night . Justice Minister Mohamed Abdelaziz al-Juindy explained that this move to quit the government was driven by opposition to the security forces ' crackdown on demonstrators . "  I resigned because of the events in Tahrir  Square  , because of the political responsibility , " al-Juindy said . The Supreme Council has not said whether the resignations were accepted . As the potential political shuffling played out , animosity and violence continued to simmer in the streets . Saeed , the spokesman for the general prosecutor 's office , said 127 demonstrators who had been arrested in Cairo since Saturday have been released . Another five have been "  detained temporarily for further investigation . " The military council has said on its Facebook page it is "  extremely sorry for what the events have led to . " And spokesman Maj. Mohamed Askar said late Monday that the Supreme Council has ordered a fact-finding mission to assess what has happened . Moreover , the Supreme Council also is calling upon "  all political forces to hold dialogue as soon as possible in order to address the escalation " of unrest , Askar said . However , Amnesty International , in a report issued this month , said the Supreme Council , "  in the name of ensuring security and stability ...  has  committed numerous human rights violations , ignoring the very demands for social justice and fundamental freedoms that triggered the uprising . " " ... Since assuming power in February , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has repeatedly pledged to break the cycle of repression entrenched over the past 30 years . In reality , however , it has resorted to familiar patterns of abuse . " A recent endorsement in full of Egypt 's emergency law and its expansion , after it was restricted last year under Mubarak , is considered the largest example of human rights violation , the organization said . However , it alleged demonstrations have been violently dispersed and protesters have been arrested , detained and tortured "  before being tried unfairly before military courts and convicted . " In addition , Amnesty International alleged , the Supreme Council has placed arbitrary restrictions on the media . Some television stations have been raided and ordered closed , while satellite television stations have been frozen . The council has also failed to address discrimination of women , according to the group . "  If the hopes of the uprising are to be realized , urgent action is needed now to ensure that one repressive rule is not simply replaced with another , " the report said . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Michael Pearson and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Three arrested American students identified Report : Prime minister appeals for calm , asks protesters to return home Official : Twenty-nine people have been killed since Saturday , 1,785 injured Some political factions plan a "  million man sit-in " on Tuesday
Maykop , Russia  CNN  -- Russian authorities have arrested a prominent community leader from the country 's Circassian ethnic minority . The arrest took place on Friday night in the same province where the Winter Olympics are currently being held . The detention of Asker Sokht follows the police roundup on February 7 in the southern city of Nalchik of dozens of Circassian activists who tried to hold a protest denouncing the Winter Olympics . Russian officials could not be reached on Sunday to comment on Sokht 's arrest . But the detention of a leader widely perceived as a moderate , who often defended Russian government policy , has sent ripples of alarm through the Circassian community in Russia , which is estimated to number around 800,000 . "  This is deeply sad for Circassians , " said Adam Bogus , the leader of another Circassian council based in Maykop , which is located about 150 miles north of Sochi . "  Even those who were n't strongly associated with the nationalist movement and were fairly assimilated in Russia interpret this as an insult to the Circassian people , " Bogus told CNN . Circassian activists have criticized the Russian government for failing to acknowledge that the Olympic city of Sochi is also the traditional homeland of their people . "  The question is n't whether or not the Games are taking place on our land , " said Abdullah Bersirow , a Circassian architect who designed a monument to his people that looms uncompleted over a park in Maykop . "  The most important thing is when they announced  the Olympics  , they did n't say a word about us . They tried to forget us as if we never even lived here , " Bersirow said . Circassians once dominated large swaths of the Caucasus and northern Black Sea coast . They were defeated by the Russian army in the Caucasus War , a conflict that lasted for more than a century , until the mid-1800s . Circassian historian Samir Khotko told CNN that the Circassians fought their last stand against imperial Russia in Krasnaya Polyana , the mountainous area above Sochi where the Olympic Alpine sports are now being held . 2014 marks the 150th anniversary of that final battle . Many Circassians accuse 19th-century Russia of carrying out genocidal massacres of their ancestors , as well as the forced deportation of hundreds of thousands of Circassians . Today , members of the Circassian diaspora are scattered across the Europe and the U.S. , along with communities in Middle Eastern countries like Turkey , Syria and Israel . Some Circassian activists have led an anti-Olympics campaign on the website nosochi2014.com , which is accompanied by slogans like "  Sochi , the land of genocide . " Russian President Vladimir Putin , who personally lobbied for Sochi to host the Winter Olympics , has repeatedly urged observers to avoid mixing politics with sport . The Russian government has been particularly sensitive to criticism of the Sochi Olympics . On February 7 , several activists carrying the rainbow flag of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender movement were detained while singing the Russian national anthem in Moscow 's Red Square . Last week , Evgeny Vitishko , an outspoken environmentalist critic of the Sochi Games , was sentenced to three years in a penal colony , accused of hooliganism and destroying private property . Human rights activists in Russia as well as the U.S.-based group Human Rights Watch denounced the verdict , claiming it was politically motivated . On Sunday , a spokesman for the International Olympic Committee sided with Russian authorities on the Vitishko verdict . "  We received clarification from Sochi that this is , and we think it remains , a non-Olympic case , " said IOC communications director Mark Adams . Sokht , the Circassian activist leader , was arrested in Russia 's Krasnodar region , the province where Sochi is located . Friends and relatives said Sokht had been active in resettling in the region at least 10 families of Circassian refugees who had fled Syria 's civil war . As news of Sokht 's arrest spread this weekend , several prominent Circassians asked CNN not to publish their interviews for fear of punishment at the hands of Russian authorities . "  This has led a great number of people to conclude that anybody who deals with the Circassian question -- even the most loyal -- will now be under pressure , " said Bogus , the Circassian community leader in Maykop . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	Asker Sokht , a leader in Circassian community , was arrested Friday night Circassians have protested against Sochi Olympics , held in their ancestral homeland They want Russia to acknowledge the connection and a major battle in the area Many Circassians accuse 19th-century Russia of genocide against their ancestors
In a $ 40 million federal lawsuit , five people arrested recently in Ferguson , Missouri , accuse police of using "  wanton and excessive force " and treating U.S. citizens "  as if they were war combatants . " A complaint filed Thursday alleges that police officers from Ferguson and St. Louis County used unnecessary force and made unjustified arrests as they cracked down on protests after the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown earlier this month . The lawsuit lists Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson , St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar , Ferguson officer Justin Cosma , several unnamed officers and the city and county governments as defendants . A St. Louis County police spokesman declined to comment Friday , referring inquiries to the county prosecuting attorney 's office . The St. Louis County prosecuting attorney 's office told CNN it has no comment on the lawsuit . The suit -- which includes accusations of intentional infliction of emotional distress , negligent supervision , and assault and battery -- details circumstances allegedly surrounding several arrests between August 11-13 : -- Tracey White was about to buy an ice cream sundae at McDonald 's when officers "  in what appeared to be army uniforms , carrying rifles and sticks and wearing helmets " entered and ordered her to leave , according to the lawsuit . She was told to shut up , thrown to the ground and handcuffed after criticizing officers for the way they were treating her son , the lawsuit claims . -- Dewayne Matthews was walking to his mother 's house when a group of officers in military uniforms shot rubber bullets at him , the lawsuit alleges . He fell into a creek or sewer , the suit says , where officers "  pounced on him , slammed his face into the concrete , and pushed his head into the water to the point that he felt he was going to be drowned . " -- Kerry White was shooting footage and holding his camera out his car window when an officer snatched his camera , "  took out his memory card and threw it to the ground , " the lawsuit says . -- Damon Coleman and Theophilus Green were peacefully protesting , the lawsuit says , when police in riot gear fired tear gas and what appeared to be stun grenades in their direction , then "  hurled racial epithets at them , while punching and kicking them the entire time . " CNN has not independently confirmed details of the arrests . Police tactics to calm the crowds drew sharp criticism , including a rebuke from U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder . "  At a time when we must seek to rebuild trust between law enforcement and the local community , I am deeply concerned that the deployment of military equipment and vehicles sends a conflicting message , " Holder said as the protests unfolded . As criticism of police tactics mounted , Gov. Jay Nixon Missouri tapped State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson to head up security in Ferguson on August 14 . This week , Johnson said police were scaling back their efforts in Ferguson now that the situation has cooled . Belmar , the St. Louis County Police Chief , told reporters on Wednesday that he does n't regret his agency 's decisions to fire tear gas at protesters . That approach , he said , was much better than using nightsticks or dogs . Even though President Barack Obama has called for a review of military equipment sales to local police departments in light of the clashes between police and protesters in Ferguson , Belmar said that such equipment is often necessary . "  I never envisioned a day that we would ever see that kind of equipment used against protesters , " he said . "  But I also never imagined a day in 28 years when we would see that kind of criminal activity spin out of peaceful demonstrations . " Complete coverage	The office of the St. Louis County prosecuting attorney declined comment A lawsuit accuses police of violating rights and making unjustified arrests Five people arrested in Ferguson , Missouri , are seeking $ 40 million in damages Police in Ferguson and St. Louis County are defendants in the federal lawsuit
New York  CNN  -- #BringBackOurGirls has now been tweeted more than a million times across the world , as global outrage over the kidnap of hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls grows . Shock has given way to anger as thousands in cities everywhere took to the streets to demand the Nigerian government , and other authorities , do more to rescue them . "  The Nigerian girls are my sisters , " said Malala Yousafzai , who after being shot in the head by the Taliban for going to school launched The Malala Fund , which raises money for girls ' education initiatives globally . The Malala Fund has now launched a Nigerian girls education campaign to support Nigerian organizations which are working to promote girls ' schooling around the country . Indeed , "  Boko Haram " translated means "  Western education is sin . " The militant group is one of many that threaten the efforts of girls worldwide to go to school , and to change their circumstances . CNN 's Girl Rising looked at just some examples of the obstacles that many of the more than 600 million adolescent girls living in developing countries face every day -- obstacles that prevent them from going to school , from freedom , and from simply being a child . There are many ways to help girls , like those kidnapped in Nigeria , who face persecution , violence , poverty and other barriers to education . GIVE CNN and Impact Your World do n't accept donations but do help you find reputable places to give your money and time . "  CNN 's Girl Rising " was the centerpiece of 10x10 , a global campaign to educate and empower girls . It created the 10x10 Fund for Girls ' Education . Donations to this fund are distributed evenly among the film 's nonprofit partners . Many of the girls profiled in the film were helped by these organizations , and the groups continue to work for girls ' education in developing countries . As little as $ 50 can educate a girl for a year . CARE USA works to help educate girls in some of the poorest , most desperate parts of the rural areas in the mountains of Peru . Senna from "  Girl Rising " was helped by this organization . GirlUp -- United Nations Foundation is a campaign inspiring American girls to take action for girls in countries such as Ethiopia , Guatemala and Liberia who face a lack of access to education and are susceptible to child marriage , high maternal death rates and HIV infection . The U.N. also spearheads the Girls ' Education Initiative , a partnership of organizations that hope by 2015 , children everywhere can complete free primary schooling . Partners in Health has worked in places such as Haiti , Rwanda , Malawi and Lesotho . They try to help all children , especially girls , receive the health care and social support needed to go to school . Wadley from "  Girl Rising " benefits from Partners in Health 's work in Haiti . Plan International USA tries to give girls around the world access to food , water , education , financial security and protection from sexual violence and exploitation . Yasmin , the girl in Egypt in "  Girl Rising , " was part of a Plan International USA program helping to keep street girls safe . Room to Read focuses on helping young girls develop literacy skills and a habit of reading . Their hope is to create a legacy of gender-equal education in developing countries such as Nepal and Cambodia . Suma from "  Girl Rising " had the chance to learn because of Room to Read . World Vision supports girls ' education in many countries through many initiatives . Two of the girls in "  Girl Rising " are World Vision-sponsored children : Ruksana from India and Azmera from Ethiopia . "  Education is truly a girl 's best chance for a bright future , " First Lady Michelle Obama said in her weekly address , "  not just for herself , but for her family and her nation . " More from CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising "	Want to help the kidnapped Nigerian girls , and others facing barriers to education ? 600 million adolescent girls live in developing countries ; millions ca n't go to school . The Malala Fund has launched an initiative to support girls ' education programs in Nigeria There are many other organizations helping girls around the world overcome obstacles
CNN  -- Imagine kicking back on a private island in the Bahamas where the staff caters to your every whim . Yes , it 's a pipe dream for 99 % of us , but let 's imagine . Put that bank balance out of your mind . Now conjure up a snorkel and flippers . To find some of the most out-of-this-world destinations for jet-setters in 2013 , CNN.com asked Robb Report editorial director Bruce Wallin for ideas . So keep this list handy in case of a fat financial windfall : Singita Grumeti Reserves , Tanzania Located on a private 350,000-acre game reserve , the Singita Grumeti Reserves has only four small lodges on the property . The four-bedroom Serengeti House , which is listed on its blog , quietly opened to guests in December and includes its own chef , guides , tennis court and pool . "  The lodges themselves are as nice as Four Seasons New York , if not nicer , " says Wallin . "  The wildlife is great , and the service and food is incredible . It 's one of the nicest places in the world to stay . " Serengeti House rates start at $ 8,500 a night for up to four guests during high season  parts of December and January and all of June , July and August  , with additional charges for five to eight guests . Pay $ 84,500 to rent the house for a week for up to eight guests . Song Saa Private Island , Cambodia The dream of an Australian couple living in Cambodia , the exclusive Song Saa Private Island resort opened in March . With just 27 villas on two small islands in the Koh Rong archipelago , the resort offers diving , snorkeling , nature trails , kayaking , fishing and boat trips to surrounding islands . Song Saa also has a relationship with the Amansara resort in Siem Reap , allowing travelers to stay there while visiting Angkor Wat 's ancient temples . High-season villa prices starts at $ 1,595 a night for the one-bedroom Jungle Villa . Rates include food , beverages including beer and house wines and spirits , guided tours and the use of kayaks , boats and snorkeling gear . Four Seasons Around the World Imagine jetting around the world via private 757 airplane , visiting some of the world 's most extraordinary sites with travel experts and staying at Four Seasons hotels at your destinations . Customs is a breeze for such world travelers . Four Seasons featured two around-the-world trips in 2012 , each 22 days long , and is already taking reservations for next September 's trip . The 2013 journey includes stops in Japan , China , the Maldives , Turkey and Russia . Only 76 spots are available . Double occupancy costs $ 70,950 a person , and the single supplement is an extra $ 8,650 . Musha Cay and the Islands of Copperfield Bay , Bahamas Want a vacation for up to 24 family members or best friends that goes beyond luxury ? Consider Musha Cay and the Islands of Copperfield Bay , owned and developed into a beach resort in the Exumas by world-famous magician David Copperfield . You and your guests can take part in a treasure hunt , spy challenge or other theatrical adventures designed by the team behind Copperfield 's magic shows . Of course , the resort also has beaches , a swimming pool , tennis court , outdoor movie theater and nature trails . Rent out the whole resort , which consists of five houses on the main island . Rates start at $ 37,500 a night for up to 12 guests with a four-night minimum , including all meals and beverages . The resort can host up to 24 guests for an additional fee . King Pacific Lodge , Northern British Columbia , Canada Accessible via privately chartered plane from Vancouver to Bella Bella with a transfer to float planes for the final leg , King Pacific Lodge is in the middle of British Columbia 's Great Bear Rainforest . The lodge actually floats : Built from cedar , fir , pine and stone on a barge , King Pacific is only open June through September . It has 17 guest rooms and suites , a spa , deck and pool . Prices start at $ 4,900  Canadian  based on double occupancy for three nights and include all meals , beverages and use of the lodge facilities . The Great Bear Rainforest , home to the Gitga'at people  part of the Tsimshian Nation  , is host to many nature activities , including kayaking , fishing , whale watching and wildlife watching . Dorado Beach , a Ritz-Carlton Reserve , Puerto Rico The Dorado Beach , a Ritz-Carlton Reserve , is n't a newcomer to Puerto Rico . The resort , which opened is doors on December 12 , is on the site of Laurance Rockefeller 's former estate near San Juan . The property continued his environmental legacy by setting aside some 75 % of its 1,400 acres as green space . All 100 guestrooms and 14 one-bedroom suites are on the beach . "  Su Casa , " a restored four-bedroom beachfront villa , was the original hacienda . Restaurant and beachfront dining feature the talents of acclaimed chef Jose Andres . The spa offers a tree-house option for massages . Rates start at $ 1,499 a night based on double occupancy . Ballyfin , Ireland Sitting at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the Irish countryside , Ballyfin was named in the Robb Report 's "  Best of the Best 2012 . " Originally the home of Sir Charles Coote , the Regency mansion reopened as Ballyfin in May 2011 with 15 guest rooms . Built in 1822 for Coote 's family , the 614-acre estate was later sold and served as a Catholic school . Purchased by a Chicago businessman in 2002 , it underwent a nine-year renovation that upgraded the technology while keeping the Old World elegance and charm . The resort is closed in January and February  reservations can still be made during that time  , and it reopens for the season on March 8 . Daily weekend rates for March and April , including meals and amenities , start at 915 euros  $ 1,206 U.S.  a night for a deluxe room , based on double occupancy . Aspen , Colorado The recent reopening of the Hotel Jerome , one of the oldest U.S. luxury hotels west of the Mississippi , is just one of the reasons why Aspen is a top U.S. spot for high-end travel , says Wallin . Even without the renovation , Aspen was already a magnet for the rich and famous . St. Regis Aspen reopened in December 2011 after a $ 40 million redesign . And the five-star lodge Little Nell just opened Element 47 , which Wallin says may be the best restaurant in town . "  Aspen has long been the country 's most glamorous ski destination , so it 's hard to say it 's undergoing a revival -- it never really waned in popularity in the first place , " says Wallin , "  But with all the new restaurants , renewed hotels and other developments in the area , Aspen is probably the best it 's ever been as a luxury destination . " At the St. Regis Aspen , the winter season starting rate for a standard guest room , based on double occupancy , is $ 899 a night . Hotel Jerome 's winter season rates start at $ 695 a night based on double occupancy .	Serengeti House is so exclusive the parent company does n't list it on its website  yet For the price of a house in some parts of the U.S. , Four Seasons will take you around the world You 'll have to take a charter plane to make it to the King Pacific Lodge in Canada
CNN  -- David Beckham was upstaged on the day his AC Milan future was finally resolved as teammate Filippo Inzaghi fired a hat-trick in the 3-0 success over Atalanta at the San Siro on Sunday . David Beckham congratulates hat-trick hero Filippo Inzaghi as the San Siro enjoys a double celebration . Milan confirmed in a brief statement a deal had been reached with Los Angeles Galaxy over England international Beckham . "  AC Milan announces that the player David Beckham will remain at the club until June 30 , 2009 , " it read . The 33-year-old midfielder will then return to the United States to play for the Galaxy between July and October . "  I 'm grateful to both clubs for allowing this dream to come true , " Beckham said in a statement posted on www.gazzetta.it . What do think of Beckham 's move to play in the U.S. and Italy ? "  It will enable me to play for Milan and the Galaxy in the same season , with the possibility of been able to keep up my commitments with Major League Soccer and the development of soccer in the United States , something which I 'm very passionate about . " The deal follows weeks of negotiations between the two clubs during which Milan baulked at the size of the transfer fee Galaxy were demanding -- thought to be around # 12million . Galaxy 's chief executive , Tim Lieweke , admits the deal is one which suits both clubs . "  I 'm sorry that it had to go for so long , for him and for us and particularly for the fans , " he told the Los Angeles Times . "  This is a good solution . It allows him to finish the season with Milan . We will see him in July . " Coach Carlo Ancelotti admits Beckham has exceeded all expectations during his first two months as an AC Milan player . "  Beckham has done more than we could have possibly expected from him , " Ancelotti told PA Sport . "  He has settled in very well with the squad and given a huge contribution up to now . "  He is very professional and we are all very , very happy that he is staying . " He added : "  The aim was to keep him until June 30 and we have done that . He is very happy with the solution that has been found and we will make the most of having him now and then we will see . " Sunday 's victory gave Milan a five-point gap over fourth-placed Fiorentina , who lost 2-0 at home to Palermo . Ancelotti said Inzaghi had helped lift the club out of a crisis after their UEFA Cup exit . "  He gave us a real helping hand . It was a tough match and for most of the first half Atalanta caused us problems , " he said . "  Then Pippo 's ability to find the right place to be in allowed us to end the match well . We were in a crisis and now I hope that this result has put an end to the crisis . " Only the top three in Serie A will go straight into next season 's Champions League group stages with the fourth place finisher having to negotiate two qualifying rounds . With his contract uncertainty behind him , Beckham seemed to have a new lease of life and he was even given a free role behind forwards Inzaghi and Pato by Ancelotti . The former England captain dictated the play and helped open the way for Milan to take a seventh-minute lead when Marek Jankulovski firied across goal for the unmarked Inzaghi to score . Milan had to wait until the 71st minute for Inzaghi 's second . He beat the offside trap to latch onto Pato 's chip and take the ball around Consigli before slotting home . Moment 's later Inzaghi was once again in the right place at the right time to tap in Gianluca Zambrotta 's pass from close range . After that Ancelotti took both Inzaghi and Beckham off to give the fans the chance to show their appreciation for both players . There was no change to the top three in Serie A as Inter Milan and Juventus both won on Saturday , 2-0 at Genoa and 1-0 at Torino respectively . Serie A top scorer Marco Di Vaio also scored a hat-trick as Bologna thrashed Sampdoria 3-0 .	Filippo Inzaghi fires hat-trick in Milan 's 3-0 win over Atalanta at the San Siro Double celebration for fans as David Beckham 's Milan future is also resolved Beckham will stay at San Siro for rest of season and the rejoin L.A. Galaxy
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Syrian opposition is blaming pro-government militia members for the slaying of a prominent Palestinian militant in his house outside Damascus . He was Hamas member Kamal Hosni Ghanaja , a former deputy of Mahmoud Mabhouh , who was slain in Dubai in 2010 , a death many observers blame on the Israeli spy agency Mossad . Mabhouh was one of the founders of Hamas ' military wing . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , which opposes the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , said the pro-government Shabiha militia tortured Ghanaja to death and "  set his house on fire to destroy the evidence of their heinous crime . " The killing comes amid tensions between Syria and Hamas and sectarian strife inside Syria . Ghanaja , also known as Nizar Abu Mujahid , was killed Wednesday by an "  unknown group of men , " Hamas said in a statement Thursday . It is investigating the killing and hopes to "  expose the perpetrators involved in this heinous crime . " Hamas official Ahmad Yousef said Israel could be behind the attack . "  Because of the political and security vacuum on the ground , it will be for Israel 's interest to take advantage and conduct something to that extent , " he said . "  The only party benefiting is Israel by the assassination of Hamas officials , " he said . But Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said , "  it is possible that not only Israel was on the lookout for him . " "  He was not one of the greatest saints of our generation , " he said . It is expected that Ghanaja will be buried in Jordan , Hamas sources said . "  The brother Abu Mujahid served his lifetime devoting himself for the path of God in the ranks of the Islamic Resistance Movement , Hamas , and in the service of the Palestinian cause and his people , " the group said . Hamas , which controls the territory of Gaza and opposes the existence of Israel , had long based its political wing in Damascus . But the movement 's senior officials decided to leave Syria as the 15-month-long uprising against the al-Assad regime intensified , leaving a "  security vacuum , " Hamas ' Yousef said . The Hamas offices remain open in Damascus , and lower-level officials -- some of whom have ties to Syria , such as family -- handle daily business , he said . Syrian government officials and supporters have resented the forging of closer ties between Hamas senior leaders and other regional rivals , such as Qatar , which is supporting the anti-al-Assad opposition , and Jordan , which has a peace treaty with Israel . Hamas leaders have discussed setting up its political wing in Jordan . Jordan 's King Abdullah II met with Hamas Politburo Chief Khaled Mashaal and his delegation on Thursday to discuss a range of issues , Jordan 's state-run news agency Petra said . The Local Coordination Committees said the Ghanaja "  assassination " is the latest example of Syrian-Palestinian sectarian violence fomented by the government . The pro-regime militia called Shabiha has been entering Palestinian refugee camps under the guise of "  safeguarding the camps " but they "  commit murder and engage in kidnapping , " the Local Coordination Committees said . It said the regime is recruiting "  drug dealers , drug users , and other criminals " into the militia . The group said the Syria 's "  rejectionist policies " toward Israel "  have only been attempts to enslave the people . " "  The Palestinian experiences in the past demonstrate that the Syrian regime views the Palestinian people as mere cards with which to gamble , regionally and internationally . A regime that kills its own people will not shy away from spilling Palestinian blood for the sake of its own survival , " the Local Coordination Committees said . Some estimates say as many as 15,000 people have died in Syria in more than 15 months . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Kareem Khadder and Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	Kamal Hosni Ghanaja was a former deputy of a top Hamas figure Hamas senior leaders have departed Syria because of the uprising there A Syrian opposition group says the Shabiha tortured Ghanaja Ehud Barak says it is "  possible that not only Israel " was on the lookout for Ghanaja
CNN  -- Five workers for Doctors Without Borders were abducted from a house the organization was using in northern Syria , the group said Friday . The five were abducted Thursday evening "  by a group allegedly for questioning , " said Guillermo Agar , a Doctors Without Borders representative . He passed along the group 's statement to CNN in an e-mail from his base in Madrid . Rebel forces and Islamic militants control much of Syria 's northern territories . "  We are in contact with all the relevant stakeholders and the families of our staff members , and are doing all we can to reestablish contact with our colleagues , " the statement said . He said that he does not know all the nationalities of the workers and would not release more information , citing safety concerns for the workers . Doctors Without Borders , or Medecins Sans Frontieres , operates six hospitals and four health centers in northern Syria and has been trying to help Syrian refugees who have fled the violence that has gripped the country since the war began in April 2011 .	Five Doctors Without Borders workers have been taken , the group says They were abducted in the northern part of Syria Rebel forces and Islamic militants control much of Syria 's northern territories
CNN  -- Jim Heston , an American guesthouse operator in Cambodia , has lived a life in denim and has the photos to prove it . There were the dungarees he wore as a little boy , the dark bell-bottoms he had on for a hike up Japan 's Mount Fuji , and the Levis straight-leg 501 jeans he 's stayed with for the past 36 years . At 54 , Heston does n't get embarrassed anymore , "  but if I had to share any of these blue jean moments a few years back , I would have been a little more reluctant , " he says . In particular , there was the snapshot of him on a Hawaii beach in a Daishiki and jeans his mother extended with red fabric because he was growing faster than his pants were wearing out . May 20 , 1873 , is considered the birthday of blue jeans . Readers shared their favorite and most cringe-inducing moments in denim  hello , acid wash  to mark the occasion . "  They 're the most unique piece of clothing everyone owns because they keep changing as you wear them , " said Angelika Corrente , who runs Denimhead , global trend forecaster WGSN 's denim division . A few facts about denim : 1 . Jacob Davis , a tailor in Reno , Nevada , came up with the idea of riveted pants in response to a customer whose pockets kept ripping . He feared someone might steal his idea and recruited Levi Strauss , owner of dry goods wholesaler Levi Strauss & Co. , as a business partner . They obtained a patent on May 20 , 1873 . 2 . Denim jeans -- or trousers , waist overalls or dungarees -- started out as work-wear for hard labor in mines , factories and fields . By the 1980s , as high fashion brands began to introduce the concept of designer jeans , the shape and fit began to slim down . 3 . Consumers in the United States buy approximately 450 million pairs of jeans every year . 4 . On average , U.S. consumers have seven pairs of jeans in their wardrobe , according to Cotton Incorporated . 5 . Environmental awareness has pushed denim laundries to improve techniques for bleaching and coating jeans to give them different looks , Corrente said . Where lots of water , aggressive washing and sandpaper was once the norm for creating that worn vintage look , lasers and and ozone gas cameras are now being used to minimize water waste and chemical runoff . 6 . This year 's trends are marked by a hybrid appreciation for fads of other eras . You 're as likely to see someone rocking the heavy raw denim popular among '60s bikers and rebellious youth , an '80s - inspired high-waisted , flower print , or the acid-washed , ripped-up grunge look of the '90s . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	Blue jeans were invented in May 1873 Every U.S. consumer owns seven pairs , according to Cotton Incorporated iReporters shared their favorite denim looks
Jury selection was minutes away for five ex-New Orleans police officers accused of shooting unarmed civilians after Hurricane Katrina when a commenter ripped into the defendants on a newspaper website . "  NONE of these guys should had have -LSB- sic -RSB- ever been given a badge , " the commenter , identified only as "  legacyusa , " wrote . "  We should research how they got on the police department , who trained them , who supervised them and why were they ever been promoted . You put crap in -- you get crap out !!! " "  Legacyusa " turned out to be one of the top federal prosecutors in New Orleans . His post was just one of many anonymous barbs that led a federal judge Tuesday to throw out the convictions of those ex-cops in the Danziger Bridge shootings , which left two people dead and four seriously wounded . In a 129-page ruling , District Judge Kurt D. Engelhardt cited long list of "  egregious and inflammatory " comments by at least three Justice Department officials using a variety of online identities . Those comments fueled a "  21st century carnival atmosphere " that tainted the 2011 trial and will require a new one , Engelhardt wrote . "  This case started as one featuring allegations of brazen abuse of authority , violation of the law and corruption of the criminal justice system ; unfortunately , though the focus has switched from the accused to the accusers , it has continued to be about those very issues , " the order states . "  After much reflection , the court can not journey as far as it has in this case only to ironically accept grotesque prosecutorial misconduct in the end . " In a statement issued Tuesday afternoon , the Justice Department said , "  We are disappointed with the court 's ruling . We are reviewing the decision and considering our options . " The five officers were charged with firing on an unarmed family at the New Orleans bridge and at others who were attempting to flee the scene , which unfolded six days after Katrina flooded most of the city . They were found guilty on a total of 25 counts of civil rights violations , and in 2012 , Engelhardt sentenced them to prison terms ranging from six to 65 years . Justice Department rules forbid prosecutors from making public comments that might influence the outcome of a case . But lawyers for the convicted officers accused prosecutors of mounting "  a secret public relations campaign " aimed at discrediting the defendants before trial . "  The government 's actions , and initial lack of candor and credibility thereafter , is like scar tissue that will long evidence infidelity to the principles of ethics , professionalism and basic fairness and common sense necessary to every criminal prosecutor , wherever it should occur in this country , " Engelhardt wrote in granting them a new trial . "  Given the time , effort and energy invested by the court in this matter from the beginning , this is indeed a bitter pill to swallow , " he added . Two top lieutenants of then-U.S. Attorney Jim Letten -- the office 's top trial lawyer , Sal Perricone , aka "  legacyusa " and other handles ; and Jan Mann , the first assistant U.S. attorney -- had already been identified as having posted disparaging comments anonymously . Justice Department , New Orleans Police Department agree on overhaul Perricone had been trash-talking the New Orleans Police Department from then-Superintendent Warren Riley on down since at least 2008 , Tuesday 's order states . Six months before the Danziger Bridge trials opened , with other officers on trial for their conduct in the post-Katrina chaos , Perricone called the NOPD "  a collection of self-centered , self-promoting , insular , arrogant , overweening , prevaricating , libidinous fools ... the entire agency should be re-engineered from the ground up . " The third official cited in the order was Karla Dobinski , a senior attorney in the Justice Department 's civil rights division . In the Danziger Bridge case , Dobinski had led the department 's "  taint team " -- the group charged with reviewing evidence to make sure no statements given under a grant of immunity get used against defendants . Though not part of the prosecution , she posted to the New Orleans Times-Picayune six times during the trial to praise pro-prosecution commenters , according to Engelhardt 's order . Dobinski told investigators she was trying to get information "  otherwise unavailable from the prosecution team , " the order states . But Engelhardt said it was "  difficult to accept " that explanation and said she "  fanned the flames " of those calling for a guilty verdict . Mann and Perricone have left since their involvement was revealed in 2012 , said Anna Christman , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . The Justice Department did not immediately respond to questions about Dobinski . Former officer Robert Faulcon got the longest sentence of the Danziger Bridge defendants , at 65 years . The lightest term went to former detective Sgt. Arthur Kaufman , who was sentenced to six years for attempting to cover up what the officers had done . Two former sergeants , Kenneth Bowen and Robert Gisevius , got 40-year terms for their roles . Ex-officer Robert Villavaso was sentenced to 38 years . Fed up , New Orleans looks to shake Murder City title	Ex-prosecutor trashed defendants as jury selection started , order states Justice official "  fanned the flames " during trial , judge says A federal judge tosses Danziger Bridge convictions over "  grotesque " misconduct "  This is indeed a bitter pill to swallow , " the judge wrote
CNN  -- Authorities in Tehran , Iran , have given the go-ahead to execute a woman who initially was sentenced to death by stoning , according to an activist working on her behalf . However , what method will be used to execute Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani is unclear , said Mina Ahadi , spokeswoman for the International Committee Against Stoning . The execution could happen as soon as Wednesday , she said , citing information received from a source in Tabriz , Iran , who is close to Ashtiani 's family . Ashtiani initially was sentenced to death by stoning for adultery . The Iranian government later said she was also convicted of murdering her husband , but her lawyer and family dispute that . A letter from Tehran was delivered to the prison in Tabriz where Ashtiani is being held three days ago , Ahadi said , giving the go-ahead for Ashtiani 's execution . Ashtiani , 43 and a mother of two , drew international attention when she was sentenced to death by stoning . She concedes that she was convicted of adultery , as initially reported , but says she was acquitted of murder . "  The man who actually killed my husband was identified and imprisoned , but he is not sentenced to death , " she said in August . The Iranian government 's claims that she was convicted of murder are a lie , she told the Guardian newspaper through an intermediary . "  They are embarrassed by the international attention on my case , and they are desperately trying to distract attention and confuse the media so that they can kill me in secret . " Ashtiani 's son and her attorney are still in jail after being arrested last month , Ahadi said . Also still detained are two German journalists . "  The International Committees against Stoning and Execution call on international bodies and the people of the world to come out in full force against the state-sponsored murder of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , " as well as the release of the others , Ahadi said in a statement . Before his arrest , Ashtiani 's son , Sajjad Ghaderzadeh , said court officials stole documents and files pertaining to the murder of his father in order to "  promote his mother as a murderer . " And Ahadi 's committee said the murder charges are "  fabricated " by the Iranian regime . In August , Ashtiani appeared on state TV confessing that she knew about a plot to kill her husband but felt she had been misled . Amnesty International condemned the interview . Ghaderzadeh and attorney Hootan Kian will not be issued an attorney , because the government claims they do not need one , according to Ahadi . Ashtiani 's other former lawyer , Mohammad Mostafaei , is being protected by European diplomats after he fled to Turkey from Iran . Mostafaei claims that Iranian authorities tried to arrest him without cause .	Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani could be executed as soon as Wednesday She was initially sentenced to death by stoning Family denies government 's claim that she was convicted of murder
Laying the blame for Veterans Administration failures at the feet of a man who pledged , six long years ago , to fix those problems is inviting . During his 2008 White House transition , president-in-waiting Barack Obama promised to "  make the VA a leader of national health care reform so that veterans get the best care possible . " In his own eyes at least , this President remains unstained by that failure . Shame remains unknown to this unnecessarily confident man . Now , Obama not only tells us he is shocked to find that the crisis he has ignored is still there , he also insists , "  I will not tolerate it . " If you ca n't fix the problem , of course , fix the politics . "  No-Drama Obama " often pretends to share our anger to defuse it . His performance art , however , has grown obvious and condescending . When he throws vacant words like candy to the masses , he only fuels our anger . Still , as satisfying as it might be , we should n't assign blame entirely to our commander in chief . For decades , Democrats , Republicans and even veterans -- including Gen. Eric Shinseki , a man of unquestionable commitment and proven leadership skills -- have tried to reform the VA 's endless bureaucracy . At best , some have transformed the terrible to the merely awful . At worst , they have all failed wretchedly . Perhaps the problem is neither a lack of will or brains , nor a shortage of effort or good intentions . Perhaps they have not reformed the VA because it can not be reformed . Even the most devoted instructor ca n't teach a hammerlike old bureaucracy to be anything but the dull , blunt instrument it is . When the modern VA arose , as veterans came home from World War II , health care was simpler . We were a decade from pacemakers , two from hip replacements and balloon catheters , three from the miracle of an MRI . Medicare had not been imagined , much less genomic testing , treatments for traumatic brain injuries and cures for half of all cancer patients . Since then , caring for human health , like everything else in our lives , has become infinitely more complex . Today , our health care needs are intimate , intricate and intensely personal . Imagine , however , that your health care was managed and delivered by a machine , an old factorylike mechanism composed , not of cogs and gears and smokestacks , but of bureaucrats , regulations and mountainous paper work . Today 's Veterans Administration , with 300,000 employees , is exactly such an industrial-age contraption . It 's the second largest bureaucracy in our federal government . The VA is a glorified assembly line that excels at enforcing standardization , not delivering compassion , innovation , or personalized service . It is built to dispense soul-crushing conformity . Confronted with providing services that require originality , adaptation and sensitivity , the VA is lost . On what form does a bureaucracy measure compassion , originality , or the respect a veteran has earned ? And the worse the VA bureaucracy performs , the angrier all of us become -- and we demand even more regulatory government action . The leviathan that is the VA grows larger as bloat is piled upon excess . In a wonderful new book , "  The Fourth Revolution : The Global Race to Reinvent the State , " authors John Micklethwait and Adrian Wooldridge note that enlarging the bureaucratic inadequacies of the modern industrial state are unlikely to improve it . Instead , they found that fixing our government 's bloated bureaucracy with even "  more state " inevitably leads to failure on an apocalyptic level : "  Ninety-four percent of federal IT projects over the past ten years have failed -- more than half were delayed or over budget and 41.4 percent failed completely . " They note that , "  The Pentagon spent over $ 3 billion on two health-care systems that never worked properly . " The VA is government-run health care , financed by government , and delivered through government-run hospitals . Liberal collectors of old social antiquities like Paul Krugman can not let go of it . Krugman confesses , "  Yes , this is ` socialized medicine . ' ... But it works , and suggests what it will take to solve the troubles of U.S. health care more broadly . " Document : VA audit report released Can the fix for the most outdated health care system in America really be more of the same ? The breach between what we fund and what veterans get from the VA is getting larger . The gap between our good intentions and the help those in need actually receive is growing broader . It is time for something fresh . Our old federal government 's inability to do what it promises is one reason it is less popular than King George III during the American Revolution and Congress , on a good day , has a favorability rating of approximately 9 % . Instead of blaming Obama , I 'd urge Republicans and Democrats to propose real change : Transform our old , closed bureaucratic VA system to an open health care system . It 's time veterans who do n't want to travel five hours or wait for months were allowed equal access to all the health care available to the rest of us . The most critical decisions about a veteran 's health should n't be made the old way : top-down , politically and artificially , by a pulseless bureaucracy that reports to Washington . Those decisions should be made naturally and bottom-up , closer to life , in the sacred space between doctors and those who have offered the highest possible sacrifice to our nation . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Alex Castellanos says the path to the VA crisis was paved with good intentions The VA is the second largest bureaucracy in our federal government He calls the VA "  a glorified assembly line that excels at enforcing standardization "
The longest-serving lawmaker in U.S. congressional history , a legendary Motown artist , and the matriarch of a renowned political family will be among this year 's recipients of the nation 's highest civilian honor , the White House announced Monday . Rep. John Dingell , Stevie Wonder and Ethel Kennedy are three of the nineteen Americans who Obama will bestow the Presidential Medal of Freedom upon later this month . Dingell has served nearly 60 years in Congress representing a district outside Detroit . He 'll retire at the end of this session . Wonder has won 25 Grammys and an Oscar for his fusion of soul , rhythm and blues and jazz . And Kennedy , who is the widow of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , became an activist for human rights and the environment after her husband 's death . Other honorees this year include Meryl Streep , the prolific actress known for holding the most Oscar nominations of any actor in history . She stars this winter in "  Into the Woods , " the musical composed by Stephen Sondheim , to whom Obama will also award the Medal of Freedom on November 24 . Tom Brokaw , the former "  NBC Nightly News " anchor , will be honored as well , alongside actress Marlo Thomas , golfer Charles Sifford and author Isabel Allende . The other medalists are scientist Mildred Dresselhaus ; Native American activist Suzan Harjo ; former Reps. Abner Mikva of Illinois and Patsy Takemoto Mink of Hawaii ; and economist Robert Solow . Five awards will be delivered posthumously : to "  Freedom Summer " civil rights activists James Chaney , Andrew Goodman , and Michael Schwerner ; to the well-known choreographer Alvin Ailey , who founded the namesake dance company ; and to Rep. Edward Roybal , the founder of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus .	The Presidential Medal of Freedom is the nation 's highest civilian honor The White House announced 19 recipients for this year 's awards on Monday Among them are big names like Meryl Streep and Stevie Wonder
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A bronze statue of Helen Keller was unveiled at the U.S. Capitol on Wednesday as lawmakers praised her as a trailblazer and an inspiration for those with disabilities . The Helen Keller statue depicts the moment when Anne Sullivan spelled "  W-A-T-E-R " into the child 's hand "  Some are still dismissed and cast aside for nothing more than being less than perfect , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said at the unveiling ceremony . "  The story of Helen Keller inspires us all . " The statue shows Keller -- who lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old -- standing at a water pump as a 7-year-old , a look of recognition on her face as water streams into her hand . It depicts the moment in 1887 when teacher Anne Sullivan spelled "  W-A-T-E-R " into one of the child 's hands as she held the other under the pump . It 's the moment when Keller realized meanings were hidden in the manual alphabet shapes Sullivan had taught her to make with her hands . "  W-A-T-E-R , " said Alabama Gov. Bob Riley . "  Five simple letters that helped rescue 7-year-old Helen Keller from a world of darkness and a world of silence . "  It is this defining moment that we celebrate today . And in time , this moment so vividly depicted by this statue helped the world to understand that all of us , regardless of any disability , have a mind that can be educated , a hand that can be trained , a life that will have meaning . " Keller learned to speak and earned a degree from Radcliffe College and the women 's branch of Harvard University . She traveled the world as an adult , wrote 12 books and championed causes including women 's suffrage and workers ' rights . Carl Augusto , president and CEO of the American Foundation for the Blind , told the crowd he thinks Keller , who worked for the foundation for the last 44 years of her life , "  would have loved this impressive statue of herself and the symbolism attached . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and others assisted Augusto as he ran his hands over the statue . The foundation , Augusto said , still considers Keller "  our guiding light . She embodies the American spirit of limitless possibility ... her biggest desire was to leave the world a better place than she found it , and ladies and gentlemen , that 's the legacy she leaves all of us . " More than 40 of Keller 's descendants attended the ceremony in the Capitol Rotunda . Students from the Alabama Institute for the Deaf and Blind sang a medley of patriotic songs . The statue , said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , will "  always remind us that people must be respected for what they can do rather than judged for what they can not . " The statue is also the Capitol 's first depicting a child , Riley 's office said . Since 1864 , each state has been allowed to place two statues in the Capitol . In 2002 , Congress changed the law to allow states to change their statues . Riley , then a U.S. representative , suggested the state place a statue of Keller , and the state Legislature passed a resolution asking Congress to accept a statue of Keller as a gift . A committee with Alabama first lady Patsy Riley serving as honorary chairwoman raised private donations and selected Utah bronze sculpture artist Edward Hlavka to create the piece . The 600-pound statue is made of bronze with a base of Alabama marble , Riley 's office said . In 1997 , a Franklin Delano Roosevelt memorial that opened near the National Mall drew complaints from disability advocates because the statue of the president , who suffered from polio , did not show him in a wheelchair . In 2001 , President Clinton unveiled an addition to the memorial including a new statue of the four-term president sitting in a wheelchair . "  By placing this statue in the Capitol , we appropriately honor this extraordinary American , and will inspire countless children who will come to understand that with faith and with courage , there truly are no limits on what can be accomplished , and there is no obstacle that ca n't be overcome , " Riley said . Keller 's statue will replace one depicting Jabez Curry . Curry , who has represented Alabama in the Capitol since 1908 , was a Georgia native who served as president of Howard College , which later became Samford University in Birmingham . The Curry statue is being sent back to Alabama for display at the university . The other statue representing Alabama is of Joseph "  Fightin ' Joe " Wheeler , a Confederate general during the Civil War who , three decades later , volunteered to serve in the Spanish-American War at age 62 and attained the same rank in the U.S. Army , the only one of 425 Confederate generals to do so , according to a biography of him posted on the Fort Sam Houston Museum 's Web site . His statue was donated by the state in 1925 , Riley 's office said .	Helen Keller lost her sight and hearing to illness when she was 19 months old Statue depicts when teacher Anne Sullivan spelled "  W-A-T-E-R " into the child 's hand She traveled the world , wrote books , championed women 's and workers ' rights
CNN  -- Child witchcraft allegations are increasing in parts of Africa , as thousands of children have been attacked , beaten or killed , according to a new report . The accused children are mostly boys , ages 8 to 14 -- with orphans , street children , albinos , and disabled as the most at risk , said the United Nations Children 's Fund in its report . The accused children often suffer from extreme physical or psychological violence as a result of being branded a "  child witch , " the report said . Exorcisms that include pouring petrol into children 's eyes or ears , and forcing them to swallow various substances have been reported by researchers as ways to "  cleanse " the accused . The agency cites urbanization , poverty , conflict and the growing economic burden of raising children as some of the factors that contribute to the recent increase in accusations against already vulnerable children . Countries with the highest prevalence of child witchcraft accusations are : Angola , Benin , Cameroon , Central African Republic  CAR  , Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  and Nigeria , the report said . The issue of child witches is a relatively recent phenomenon that dates back 10 to 20 years . Researchers say before this , women and the elderly were the ones most often accused .	Thousands of children have been beaten or killed , UNICEF says Orphans , albinos and the disabled are most at risk Some exorcisms have included pouring petrol into the children 's eyes Report cites urbanization and poverty among some factors
One of the most controversial rap acts of all time will soon have a movie that chronicles their rise to fame and infamy . Ice Cube premiered the trailer for the biopic "  Straight Outta Compton " about his group N.W.A. . The rapper/actor shared the trailer at a recent concert in Sydney , Australia , and some fans uploaded the footage to YouTube , according to Rap-Up . The film , which is directed by F. Gary Gray , stars Ice Cube 's son , O'Shea Jackson Jr. , who plays his father ; Jason Mitchell as the late rapper Eazy-E ; Paul Giamatti as N.W.A. 's manager Jerry Heller ; and Corey Hawkins as rapper and now famed producer Dr. Dre . The trailer shows scenes from the group members ' tumultuous lives and career . The West coast rap stars first burst onto the national scene in 1988 after the single "  F**k tha Police " from their album "  Straight Outta Compton " drew condemnation from law enforcement officials . Their controversial lyrics about women and life in the inner city led to them being banned from radio . "  Let me tell you what I see here , " Giamatti as Heller says in the trailer voiceover . "  A lot of raw talent , swagger , bravado . People are scared of you guys . They think you 're dangerous , but you have a unique voice . The world needs to hear it . " A casting call in July for female extras for the film caused an uproar as it reportedly sought "  A , " "  B , " "  C " and "  D " girls with the "  A " girls being described as "  the hottest of the hottest . Models " and the "  D " girls as "  African American girls . Poor , not in good shape . " "  Straight Outta Compton " is set to hit theaters in August 2015 .	Ice Cube debuted the trailer at a concert His son will star as the young Ice Cube A casting call stirred controversy
CNN  -- Peruvian President Alan Garcia left Singapore on the eve of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit after reports surfaced that an air force officer was accused of spying for the Chilean government , Peru 's foreign minister said Saturday . "  We do consider , from the information that have received , that we need an explanation and sanctions to those involved , " Foreign Minister Jose Antonio Garca Belaunde told CNN en Espanol Saturday . He added that he does "  not have all the elements of the story here in Singapore , " but confirmed that the suspect is "  under arrest and in the hands of the judicial power in Peru . " Garcia and his Chilean counterpart Michelle Bachelet had planned to attend a workshop Saturday with other world leaders , but the Peruvian leader canceled his agenda to return to Lima . However , there were no plans for a bilateral meeting between leaders from both countries , Belaunde said , dismissing reports that there had been such a session scheduled for Sunday . Belaunde said he has spoken to Chilean Foreign Minister Mariano Fernandez Amunategui about the case , but that his counterpart would not have information until he returns to Santiago . Meanwhile , a Chilean spokeswoman dismissed the espionage allegations . "  Chile does not spy , " Carolina Toha , spokeswoman for Chile 's Interior Ministry . "  Chile takes international relations as a serious matter . " APEC 's 21 member nations -- ranging from Thailand to United States , Chile to China -- represent more than half of the world 's economic output . The forum sees its goal as "  facilitating economic growth , cooperation , trade and investment in the Asia-Pacific region . " Chile and Peru have a history of animosity , having fought in the War of the Pacific from 1879 to 1883 . Hard feelings linger to this day . The two nations nearly came to war in 1975 when left-wing Peruvian leader Juan Velasco , who was backed by Cuba , wanted to invade Chile , which was led by right-wing Gen. Augusto Pinochet . The invasion was called off and Velasco was deposed in a coup a short while later . Tensions rose again when Peru discovered a Chilean spy mission , but war was averted . More recently , tensions between the two South American nations flared in December after the revelation that Peru 's top army general said at a party that Chileans in neighboring Peru would be sent back in coffins or body bags . At the time , Peruvian Defense Minister Antero Flores-Araoz said relations between the two nations will be repaired , calling the incident involving Peruvian Gen. Edwin Donayre "  a bump in the road . " Bachelet had made similar assertions . Also last year , the World Court agreed to look at an issue concerning Peruvian claims to a disputed maritime area .	President Alan Garcia left Singapore on the eve of the APEC summit Air force officer was accused of spying for Chile , Peru 's foreign minister said A suspect is "  in the hands of the judicial power in Peru , " foreign minister said Chilean spokeswoman dismissed espionage allegations : "  Chile does not spy "
