EW.com  -- Cheerios , rejoice ! Jane Lynch , who won an Emmy as sharp-tongued cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester on Fox 's "  Glee , " will make her Broadway debut this spring in the hit musical revival of "  Annie . " The role seems like a perfect fit for the star : Miss Hannigan , the drunken and scheming head of young Annie 's orphanage who melodically complains about being surrounded by "  little girls . " Lynch , an Illinois native who got her start in theater at Chicago 's Steppenwolf Theatre Company and Second City , will appear in the musical for eight weeks only , from May 16 through July 14 . Two-time Tony-winner Katie Finneran , who has played Miss Hannigan since the new revival opened last November , was recently cast as Michael J. Fox 's sister in an untitled new NBC sitcom that has a 22-episode commitment for this fall . She 's expected to leave "  Annie " sometime this spring to begin production on the single-camera series . Producers have yet to announce her final performance date , a decision that could impact her Tony chances in the Supporting Actress in a Musical category . Dorothy Loudon won a Tony playing Miss Hannigan  then considered a lead role  in the original 1977 production . Michael Moore helps detained filmmaker "  Some may say I know a thing or two about playing intimidating authority figures , " Lynch said in a statement . "  So I am excited and honored to be making my Broadway debut ... and joining the pantheon of women who have taken on the great and irresistible role of wicked Miss Hannigan . " Even without a Hollywood star , the "  Annie " revival has been a consistent box office performer , often topping $ 1 million in weekly grosses . For the week ending February 17 , it took in $ 954,565 , roughly 68 percent of its potential earnings for the Palace Theatre . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jane Lynch will make her Broadway debut this spring in the hit musical revival of "  Annie " She 'll play Miss Hannigan , the drunken head of young Annie 's orphanage She 'll appear in the musical for eight weeks only , from May 16 through July 14
Washington  CNN  -- Senior Democrat John Conyers of Michigan criticized Barack Obama Monday , hoping , Conyers said , to "  make him a better president . " Citing the troubled job market , rising energy costs , and turmoil in the Middle East , Conyers told reporters at the National Press Club : "  We keep getting a longer and longer list of things he wanted to do , wished he could do more about , and is of course having a big problem . " "  The only thing that saves him , of course , is that there does n't seem to be anybody to run against him next year , " Conyers said . After naming prospective challengers Sarah Palin and Newt Gingrich , among others , Conyers said he still supports Obama because "  the alternative is unthinkable . I just want to make him a better president . " American foreign policy was among the areas the Michigan congressman criticized for what he consider an emphasis on military might over other ways to achieve U.S. goals . Conyers said , "  It is kind of amazing to me that there is still adopted , even in this administration , the attitude that military prowess will settle things down . And they rarely , if ever , do . " He also responded to a question about the recent departure of a ranking State Department official who was critical of how the Pentagon is reportedly treating U.S. Army Pvt. Bradley Manning , a soldier suspected of a role in the WikiLeaks scandal . "  I was not in agreement again with the president saying that he 's told Manning 's been treated -- his confinement is okay , that he 's told everything is alright . I do n't think it 's all right . " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley resigned in recent days after remarks indicating he agreed with criticism over Manning 's conditions of confinement . Conyers Monday suggested Crowley 's concerns might have a basis . "  They may well be accurate , and probably are , but I think he was prepared for what happened . "	Conyers says lack of a strong rival is the "  only thing that saves " Obama Veteran congressman wants to "  make him a better president " The Michigan Democrat is critical of U.S. foreign policy
CNN  -- With the advent of smartphones we 've become used to being constantly connected , even when we 're on the road or on vacation . But now a growing number of hotels are adding "  digital detox " packages to their roster of offerings . Detox packages are nothing new . For decades , hotels and vacation retreats have enticed guests to "  clean out , " often with the help of a specialized diet plan and fitness regimens  with a massage thrown in for good measure  . These days , the concept is being pushed to help us disconnect from technology . The World Travel Market Global Trends Report even listed digital detox as one of the next big trends to hit the hospitality industry in the coming year . The push has come on the heels of increasing reports of travelers ' inability to "  unplug . " A recent Google survey found that in the United States , 80 % of smartphone users almost never leave their home without their device , while a TripAdvisor survey found nearly half of mobile owners use their phone to augment their vacation  e.g. taking travel photos , researching restaurants , and so on  . Read more : Airlines cash in as in-flight wi-fi takes off "  We 've witnessed the increased dependency people now have on their electronic devices , " notes Andrew Henning , the general manager at The Westin Dublin , in Ireland . In March , the hotel introduced a digital detox package to combat this gadget addiction  recently classified in the media as "  nomophobia "  . Guests that partake in the package stash their electronic devices in a safe , and in exchange get a detox survival kit , which includes a board game , a walking map , a tree-planting kit , and other reminders that life exists beyond the confines of an iPad . Via Yoga , a company that hosts yoga retreats in Mexico and Costa Rica , feels so strongly about the need for its guests to unplug that it decided to offer a 15 % discount as an incentive for anyone willing to give up their iPhone . "  In the last couple of years , people have started carrying their phones and tablets with them all the time , " notes Suzie Cavassa , the company founder . "  Our customers were even using them at dinner , or when hanging out by the pool , " she says . "  They were so preoccupied that they were missing out on the experiences they were paying for . " For guests that take the detox option  about 15 per season  , Cavassa will lock away their devices and give them an emergency number , so that if someone does really need to reach them , they 're not completely out of touch . "  If someone needs to get hold of you , they can . But you 're not working or checking Facebook ; you 're just experiencing the moment , checking out the sunset , or having a great conversation with someone you just met . " Cavassa admits that it takes a few days for most guests to stop feeling antsy as a result of the separation from their devices . Physical activities , like surfing and yoga , help make the transition easier , she notes . "  Surfing is the type of activity that forces you to be in the present , " she says . "  There 's no way you 're thinking about Facebook or what you have to do at work when a giant wave comes at you . " Via Yoga 's detox package is popular , but other venues offering similar packages admit that while there 's interest , they 're not flooded with bookings . The Hotel Monaco Chicago provides guests with a "  black-out " option , whereby they surrender their gadgets to reception upon checking in . "  We were constantly hearing from guests how they loved that the Monaco was an escape from the hustle and bustle of the city , " says Marco Scherer , the hotel 's general manager . "  We decided to allow our guests the option to experience the ultimate seclusion by voluntarily forfeiting all methods of electronic communication at check-in . " Though guests are intrigued by the package , Scherer says very few actually opt to give up their devices . "  Most guests prefer our free wi-fi , " he admits . Read more : Why are we still paying for hotel wi-fi ? Henning says the same is true at the Westin . While guests from as far afield as Belgium , France , Poland and South Korea have called and expressed interest in the package , none have yet booked it . He says : "  We have found that guests are intrigued by the idea of detoxing from their electronic devices , but are not quite willing to make the commitment to a full digital detox . "	Many find it hard to disconnect , even when on holiday Westin Dublin hotel lets users swap cell phones for "  detox survival kit " "  Digital detox " next big thing , according to travel industry report But many guests still prefer hotel wi-fi to ditching technology
EW.com  -- Many assumed that the weekend before the debut of "  Man of Steel " would be a calm one at the box office , but that was not the case . Universal 's thriller "  The Purge " surged into the top spot this weekend and shattered all expectations with a massive $ 36.4 million debut . The film , produced by "  Paranormal Activity " mastermind Jason Blum , cost only $ 3 million to make , and because its marketing campaign was predominantly digital  read : inexpensive  , the micro-budgeted film will become a hugely profitable release for the currently on-fire Universal . "  The Purge " had an intriguing premise : for one night every year , all crime  including murder  is legal . Universal 's marketing team effectively communicated that twisted plot in trailers and ads , and the premise helped pack theaters , though it did n't deliver on audiences ' high expectations . Crowds issued the film a discouraging "  C " CinemaScore grade , and the film sank 38 percent from Friday to Saturday -- a sign of poor word-of-mouth . "  The Purge " gave star Ethan Hawke his best opening weekend ever -- trouncing "  Training Day " 's $ 22.6 million debut in 2001 . Hawke also thrived on the indie circuit this weekend , as his film "  Before Midnight " scored $ 585,000 from just 52 locations for an early $ 1.5 million total . "  Before Midnight " 's robust $ 11,243 per theater average trailed only one other film in the Top 20 : "  The Purge , " which had a sizzling $ 14,353 average at its 2,536 locations . EW : The four emotional stages of watching ` The Purge ' Universal reports that audiences for "  The Purge " were quite diverse , with Hispanic moviegoers making up 33 percent of ticket buyers . Interestingly , the film also played predominantly to women , who accounted for 56 percent of the audience . Another Universal film held strong in second place . "  Fast & Furious 6 " decelerated by a healthy 44 percent to $ 19.8 million and has now earned $ 203 million total after three weekends . The $ 160 million sequel is just days away from surpassing "  Fast Five " 's $ 209 million domestic cume , and with $ 584.6 million globally , it will soon race past Five 's $ 626.1 million worldwide total . Notably , "  Fast & Furious 6 " gave star Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson his 16th straight week in the Top 10 . Last weekend 's surprise breakout "  Now You See Me " worked some more box-office magic in its second weekend . Summit 's $ 80 million thriller declined just 34 percent to $ 19.5 million , giving the magician thriller a $ 61.4 million total after 10 days . With a few more weeks of sturdy holds like this , "  Now You See Me " could become an impressive $ 100 million hit . EW : 20 scariest movies of all time Fox 's Vince Vaughn/Owen Wilson comedy "  The Internship " opened in fourth place with $ 18.1 million , a somewhat tepid result from the duo that helped "  Wedding Crashers " debut with $ 33.9 million back in 2005 . Google , which is featured throughout the film , is likely used to better launches . While "  The Internship " did exceed Fox 's modest expectations , its mild $ 5,377 per theater average and the looming competitor "  This is the End " may hurt its box office longevity . On the bright side , The $ 58 million comedy did earn a "  B + " CinemaScore grade from audiences , which were split 50/50 between males and females and were 61 percent above the age of 25 . Spending one final weekend in the Top 5 was Epic , which dipped only 27 percent  the smallest drop in the Top 10  to $ 12.1 million . After three weekends , the $ 100 million animated film has earned $ 84.2 million . 1 . The Purge -- $ 36.4 million 2 . Fast & Furious 6 -- $ 19.8 million 3 . Now You See Me -- $ 19.5 million 4 . The Internship -- $ 18.1 million 5 . Epic -- $ 12.1 million In milestone news , "  Star Trek Into Darkness " passed the $ 200 million mark . Thanks to the J.J. Abrams-directed film ' $ 11.7 million weekend , Darkness has now earned $ 200.1 million domestically , and it 's running a tad behind 2009 ′ s "  Star Trek , " which had earned $ 209.3 million at the same point in its run . In limited release , Joss Whedon 's Shakespeare adaptation "  Much Ado About Nothing " fared very well in five theaters , earning $ 183,000 -- enough for a $ 36,600 per theater average . The black-and-white film starring Nathan Fillion and Alexis Denisof will expand over the next few weeks . Check back next week for full box office coverage of "  Man of Steel " and "  This is the End . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Purge " surged into the top box office spot this weekend "  Fast & Furious 6 " held strong in second place "  Now You See Me " came in third , while "  The Internship " opened in fourth place
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- The honors were late but still well-received Wednesday for members of the first all-African-American , all-female unit to serve overseas in World War II . Mary Crawford Ragland said when they came home from service , there were no parades for them . During the war , nearly 1,000 women from the "  Six-Triple Eight " Central Postal Battalion moved mountains of mail for millions of American service members and civilians that clogged warehouses in England and France . Their service to their country had been overlooked for years , starting with when they returned to the United States from assignments overseas . "  There was no parade , " said Mary Crawford Ragland . "  We just came home . " The 82-year old was among those gathered Wednesday at the Women 's Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery , where a U.S. Army support group called the Freedom Team Salute presented them with certificates of appreciation , timed with Black History Month . Watch women receive their honors " The group also gives a letter of appreciation signed by the Army Chief of Staff and the Secretary of the Army , an Army lapel pin and an Army decal . For Alyce Dixon , 101 , it was worth the wait . "  They asked me because I 'm one of the oldest survivors , and I can still talk , " she said with a smile . Nearly 800 women that were part of the 6888th were first stationed in Birmingham , England , for three months , moved to Rouen , France , and finally settled in Paris , according to the Army 's Web site . They were responsible for redirecting mail to more than seven million people -- all U.S. armed forces in the European Theater of Operations , including Army , Navy , Marine Corps , civilians and Red Cross workers . As Army units quickly moved throughout Western Europe and into Germany , a massive mail snag occurred because of a manpower shortage . Soldiers continued to move , fighting battles across the continent , but were n't getting their mail . Morale began to drop . That 's when the Army turned to the "  Six-Triple-Eight " When Dixon and the other women arrived at a warehouse in early 1945 , they found the building had no heat . Inside the warehouse , the windows were painted black to keep the light from coming out at night against bombing raids . Because there was no heat , the women donned long johns and anything else they could layer on . But the temperature was nothing compared with the daunting challenge of sorting the mail . When they walked inside the warehouse , it was stacked to the ceiling with undelivered packages and letters . "  They had 90 billion pieces of mail , " Dixon told CNN , some of it from hometown friends and family addressed only to "  Junior , U.S. Army or Buster , U.S. Army , " she said . "  We had to figure it out , " she said . Even when there were complete names , it was n't easy . There were 7,500 soldiers named Robert Smith in the European Theater of Operations , according to the Museum of Black WWII History Web site , and the women had to keep them straight . Because all undeliverable mail passed through them , they were charged with keeping information cards on everyone in the European Theater of Operations , according to the Army site . Because frontline soldiers were often moved frequently , the women often had to update information several times a month . While it was an arduous task , the women knew the importance of their job . For soldiers in the field , letters from loved ones brought important personal connections that kept their morale going . So they kept on sorting . Eight hours at a time , three shifts per day , seven days a week , they kept on sorting . And because of them , 65,000 letters went out each shift to soldiers across Europe . On Wednesday , the favor was finally returned .	Women were enlisted to help with backlog of mail that was decreasing morale They worked in freezing conditions but sorted 65,000 letters a shift Women had to find who letters addressed to "  Buster " or "  Junior " were for Women responsible for mail for more than 7 million service members and civilians
CNN  -- Six Americans who were salvaging goods from the bottom of the sea off the coast of Honduras have sat in a jail there for over three weeks as officials have charged them with illegal weapons possession . On May 5 , after the ship pulled into port in Puerto Lempira , police came aboard , arrested the crew and confiscated the vessel , according to a Facebook statement from Aqua Quest , the Florida company the men work for . The ship 's captain said from jail that the weapons on board were for personal protection against pirates . "  It 's suicide not to carry them , " said one of the detained Americans , Robert Mayne , in a phone interview from the jail . Squalor and danger The men do not have access to good sanitation and are not being properly fed , said Michael McCabe , a crew member who was not detained . "  The inmates only ever eat beans and rice . I 'm told it 's one spoon of each , and that 's it , " he said after visiting them . McCabe has tried to purchase additional food for them , but some of it has been stolen , he said . The detainees ' squalor turned to terror , when gunfire erupted around them on Friday , according to Mayne 's account . "  Fighting breaks out every few days here , " he said . "  One prisoner beat another with a stick with a nail in it . " But this was the first time shots were fired their way . Legal allegations Aqua Quest alleges in its statement that authorities boarding and searching the ship circumvented proper legal procedures . The company said Honduran officials had the legal possibility of dealing with the weapons without imposing detentions . The official charge is illegal possession of firearms detrimental to the internal security of Honduras , according to a court document . The caliber of the weapons and the fact that one is semiautomatic also seems to bother authorities , who have termed them "  commercial . " Illegal arms regularly flow through Honduras , and drug traffickers transit cocaine from Colombia through the Central American . Mayne and Aqua Quest are adamant that their weapons were for personal use and not for resale on the black market . Diplomatic efforts State Department spokesman Noel Clay , who confirmed the detention , said Saturday that "  there is no greater priority for us than the welfare and safety of U.S. citizens abroad . " The U.S. Embassy in Tegucigalpa has been monitoring the case and providing consular assistance . Consular officials last visited the crew on May 19 . A lawyer in Honduras familiar with the case says the men could face up to 16 years in prison . U.S. Rep. Mike Fitzpatrick , R-Pennsylvania , has attempted to intervene on the men 's behalf . "  I have been working with American officials and other contacts to expedite the detainees ' release . I have formally written to the Honduran Ambassador to the United States requesting his personal engagement to swiftly resolve the situation , " he said in a statement . Crew 's business Aqua Quest International salvages precious cargo from sunken vessels underwater beds , according to its website . That can range from valuable ore to historic artifacts . The crew in Honduras was tasked with removing valuable mahogany logs from the nearby river bed in the impoverished eastern municipality of Ahuas . The goal was to clear the waterways to ease the way for boats in an area where there are few roads , the company said . The wood , remnants of decades of logging in that region , commands a high price on the open market , the company said . Profits from its sale was to be shared with locals for infrastructure and social programs . CNN 's Tara Kangarlou and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Detainee reports shots fired in direction of the Americans The men work for an undersea salvage company Police boarded their ship and arrested them A colleague fears that they are not being properly fed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Transportation investigators Wednesday discovered "  anomalies " in an essential control circuit of a track where a fatal crash between two Washington subway trains killed nine people . Investigators work Tuesday at the site of the Metro train crash in Washington . Each section of the transit system 's track contains a circuit that transmits and receives signals that generate speed commands for trains , said Debbie Hersman of the National Transportation Safety Board . She said the circuits are "  vital providing information to the operators and the train itself when on automatic . " Investigators found no problems in five of the six circuits on the stretch of track in the crash area . But they found "  anomalies " with the sixth circuit , Hersman said . She would not say what those anomalies were but said simulated crash tests would be conducted to try and determine what caused the deadly accident . The findings could mean that the striking train , which was on automatic , did not know to slow down because another train was stopped on the track ahead . Hersman said investigators walked the tracks Wednesday , finding markings on the track that indicated emergency braking had taken place . Investigators hoped Thursday to interview the operator of the struck train , who was released from a hospital Wednesday . The driver of the striking train was killed . The crash , the worst in the history of Washington 's transit system , known as the Metro , occurred along the congested Red Line just before 5 p.m. Monday on an above-ground track section near Takoma Park , Maryland . Both cars were on the same track , traveling in the same direction -- southward from Fort Totten Metrorail station to the Shady Grove station . The struck train had stopped behind another train undergoing service and was awaiting directions to move ahead . The striking train was pulling some of the oldest cars in the fleet of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority . On Wednesday , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said he plans to seek $ 3 billion for Metro transit capital improvements , some of which would likely be spent to replace some those old Series 1000 cars , purchased between 1974 and 1978 . Upon impact , the train pulling those Series 1000 cars jumped on top of the other train . All the fatalities were on the striking train , Train 112 , Metro transit spokeswoman Angela Gates told CNN on Wednesday . In the collision , the front car of the striking train was severely damaged , leaving minimal space for survivability , said Hersman . According to one report , 50 feet of the 75-foot length of that lead car were lost to the accident , leaving only one-third of the space after the crushing impact . Watch Hersman talk about previous warnings " The NTSB recommended in 2006 that Metro transit replace or retrofit all of its Series 1000 trains , to bring them up to current safety standards . Metro transit responded that because it was constrained by tax-advantage leases , it intended to keep the 1000 Series until the end of 2014 . "  Our recommendation was not addressed , so it -LSB- the case -RSB- has been closed in an unacceptable status , " Hersman said . The NTSB has no regulatory powers and ca n't force implementation . Watch Hersman talk about the computer systems " "  The safety of our citizens is our highest priority and we must take every precaution that this loss of life does not occur again , " said Hoyer , a Democratic congressman from Maryland . He said he would soon introduce a final measure to authorize dedicated federal and local funding for Metro . The Series 1000 cars comprise a quarter of Metro transit 's 1,126 cars , or nearly 300 cars , Gates said . At $ 3 million per car , the agency ca n't afford to replace them all at once , Gates said . Each car has a 40-year life and can last until fiscal year 2015 , she added . "  So we 've taken steps to keep them in good condition . " She said they have been phasing out the outdated cars as new cars are bought , she said . That plan has n't gone as quickly as anticipated , however , because of an increase in ridership , Gates added . The lead train in Monday 's crash contained newer 5000-Series and 3000-Series cars . These have data recorders , which will aid the investigation a great deal if they are n't damaged , Hersman said . The recorders provide information on such things as speed , braking and emergency applications . She said there were no recorders on the rear train . The rear train was being operated in automatic mode , which is the normal operating procedure during rush hour . Washington transit trains are being operated manually until the cause of the crash is determined , Hersman said . She said there is no indication that any of the brakes on the rear train failed before it rear-ended the other train . "  Our investigators on scene yesterday did find some evidence of emergency brake application . They found the emergency mushroom , which is a button that was depressed in the control cab , and they also examined the wheels and the brakes , and they found that the rotors showed some bluing , " Hersman said . "  That bluing is consistent with an emergency brake application , " she said . Bluing indicates the rotors have been subjected to extremely high temperatures , and this can be caused by hard stops .	House majority leader to push for $ 3 billion in Metro transit funding The transit authority wants to replace its aging Series 1000 cars A train of Series 1000 cars rear-ended another train Monday , killing nine Investigators question why computerized emergency system failed
CNN  -- Online classified service Craigslist 's decision to censor its adult services section could be a model for other websites , a leader in the fight against prostitution ads said Saturday . "  This step is very much in the right direction , " said Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , who spearheaded a letter from 17 attorneys general who recently banded together to urge Craigslist to discontinue its adult services section . The embattled website has been under fire for allegations that it promotes prostitution . "  These prostitution ads enable human trafficking and assaults on women , " said Blumenthal . "  They are flagrant and rampant . Craigslist has lacked the wherewithal or will to effectively screen them out . " The section that usually reads "  adult services " on Craigslist was replaced by the word "  censored . " It was not immediately clear whether Craigslist removed the adult services and replaced them with the "  censored " section , which had a link that was not active . But for users who accessed the account outside the U.S. , the erotic services link was still active . Craigslist representatives told CNN on Saturday that they will release a statement at a later time . "  The message here is put people over profits , " said Blumenthal , who is running for the U.S. Senate from Connecticut as a Democrat . He said officials will continue monitoring Craigslist and other websites for such content . "  The increasingly sharp public criticism of Craigslist 's Adult Services section reflects a growing recognition that ads for prostitution -- including ads trafficking children -- are rampant on it , " the attorneys general had said in an Aug. 24 letter to Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster and Founder Craig Newmark . A Craigslist spokeswoman said at the time that the site agreed with at least some of the letter . "  We strongly support the attorneys general desire to end trafficking in children and women , through the Internet or by any other means , " said Susan MacTavish Best , who handles press inquiries for Craigslist . "  We hope to work closely with them , as we are with experts at nonprofits and in law enforcement , to prevent misuse of our site in facilitation of trafficking , and to combat such crimes wherever they appear , online or offline . " In their letter , the attorneys general highlighted an open letter , which appeared as a Washington Post ad , in which two girls said they were sold for sex on Craigslist . When the ad came out , Buckmaster wrote a blog post in response that said , "  Craigslist is anxious to know that the perpetrators in these girls ' cases are behind bars . " The letter also highlighted a report in May by CNN 's Amber Lyon , who posted a fake ad for a girl 's services in the adult section . She received 15 calls soliciting sex in three hours . Earlier this month , Lyon interviewed a woman named "  Jessica " who sells sex on Craigslist . The woman said a Craigslist ad was "  the fastest , quickest way you 're for sure going to see somebody that day . " In a later blog post , Buckmaster said Craigslist implemented manual screening of adult services ads in May 2009 . "  Since that time , before being posted each individual ad is reviewed by an attorney , " the post said . He said the attorneys are trained to enforce Craigslist 's posting guidelines , "  which are stricter than those typically used by yellow pages , newspapers , or any other company that we are aware of . " Attorneys general from Arkansas , Connecticut , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Maryland , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , New Hampshire , Ohio , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas and Virginia made the request a week after accused "  Craigslist killer " Philip Markoff committed suicide in jail . Markoff was charged with the April 2009 killing of Julissa Brisman . Boston Police said that Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , and Markoff might have met her through the website . In 2008 , under pressure from state prosecutors , the website raised the fees for posting adult services ads . In 2009 , it started donating portions of the money generated by adult ads to charity . A CNN investigation of Craigslist 's adult services section , which replaced "  erotic services ads " two years ago , counted more than 7,000 ads in a single day . Many offered thinly veiled "  services " for anything from $ 50 for a half-hour to $ 400 an hour . CNN 's Deborah Doft and Nicky Robertson contributed to this report .	Connecticut attorney general praises action The word "  censored " replaces the section where adult services used to be The website has been accused of promoting prostitution in its adult services section Seventeen attorneys general urge Craigslist to replace the section
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan lawmakers Sunday offered a new proposal to end a political standoff with President Hamid Karzai over complaints from the losers of September 's parliamentary vote . Karzai is refusing to swear in the new parliament until an electoral court he established in December can review complaints from losing candidates . He has refused two previous calls by lawmakers to dissolve that body , which members of the National Assembly say is unconstitutional . The latest proposal , floated by lawmakers on Sunday , says criminal cases stemming from the election will be prosecuted based on Afghanistan 's constitution and election laws and that members of parliament would retain their immunity . It drops references to a "  special court , " however . No decision from Karzai 's office was expected until Monday , said one of the lawmakers , Nahid Ahmadi . Karzai 's office has not returned repeated calls from CNN for comment . Karzai 's office on Wednesday announced a one-month delay in inaugurating parliament , saying that the special court on election fraud needed more time to investigate complaints from losing candidates . The decision drew criticism from the U.N. mission in Afghanistan and concern from analysts that it could spark ethnic divisions and more violence . Afghanistan 's existing electoral bodies , the Independent Electoral Commission and Election Complaint Commission , have reviewed the results of last year 's election . In November , the Electoral Complaint Commission threw out more than 1 million ballots from around 3,000 polling stations because of suspected fraud . The decision resulted in losses for candidates from Karzai 's power base in the largely Pashtun south , where much of the fighting between Taliban guerrillas and NATO and Afghan troops is taking place . The losing candidates argue that their constituents were unable to vote because of violence and intimidation , and that Pashtuns will feel increasingly alienated from the government and turn back to the Taliban . "  The most important thing that is being ignored in these legalistic discussions and political maneuvers is the people of this country . Where do they fit in ? Where do they belong ? " said Daud Sultanzai , one of about 250 losing candidates who are scheduled to meet with Karzai this week . In Sultanzai 's home province of Ghazni , all 11 parliament seats went to the province 's Hazara minority . In one district , only 3 people out of 100,000 cast their ballots . He blamed forces outside the country for pushing ordinary Afghans "  into this corner . " "  We are the people of this country , " Sultanzai said . "  Everyone is interfering -- embassies , warlords , drug lords . They are all stepping on the people of this country . We want a voice in this country . " Karzai , whose own 2009 re-election was marred by allegations of widespread fraud , appeared to concede to lawmakers ' demands on Saturday and offered to convene parliament on Wednesday . But under his offer , the inauguration would take place only if lawmakers accept any decision made by the special court , lawmaker Baktash Siawash said Saturday . Lawmakers countered Karzai by asking him to dissolve the special court and have the nation 's Supreme Court investigate the cases . Karzai also rejected that proposal . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Mati Matiullah contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawmakers make new offer to end impasse with Karzai Karzai has proposed a 1-month delay in convening parliament Lawmakers say his plan to have a "  special court " review elections is unconstitutional
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Lt. Col. Greg Gadson is not a bionic man , but he does have a new set of powerful knees . Iraq war veteran Lt. Col. Greg Gadson shows off his new knees at Walter Reed Army Medical Center . Gadson , an Iraq War veteran , was wounded in 2007 by a roadside bomb and lost both legs above the knees . This week , he became the first person to receive the latest version of battery-powered prosthetic knees . Gadson demonstrated his new knees during a news conference Thursday at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington . It 's "  as if you were driving a school bus and then someone put you in a sports car -- you still know how to drive . There 's quite a different feeling , " he said . The Power Knee uses sensors  in contact with the thigh muscle , for example  to anticipate how the user will move , and then shifts itself into position . "  This is the second generation Power Knee , " says Tabi King , a spokesperson for Ossur Americas , the manufacturer . "  It uses the same type of technology , but it 's half the size , makes half the noise , is half the weight and is much more intelligent . " King says the knee is learning in real time to react to a patient so the patient does n't have to think about walking . "  There are sensors and artificial intelligence in the prosthetic that are watching what the body is doing . The biggest benefit is by doing so much work on its own , the amputee does n't have to think about movement . " Gadson , who had an older model of the powered knees , praised the latest ones . "  These knees are a lot lighter . They 're quieter and they have significantly longer battery life , " he said , adding that the batteries can last up to 16 hours . Gadson said he hopes his pioneering efforts will help others . "  If this proves to open a door for other people , that 's a tremendous feeling , a tremendous reward . I 'm not doing it for that , but I hope that this is a path for people to really expand their lives , " he said . Michael Corcoran , a prosthetist who has been working with Gadson , said he thinks prosthetics of the future will be more powerful . The first Power Knee appeared in 2006 . Corcoran expects the improved version to reach the general population in 2010 . "  It was n't designed for military use ; it was designed as a knee for everybody , " Corcoran said . "  We 're fortunate enough here to be able to put this technology to its test here at Walter Reed , but as a broader application . You know , a year would be great to see these legs on vascular amputees , because it does improve mobility . " The goal is to come up with technology that adapts to all situations , according to Col. Paul F. Pasquina , one of Gadson 's doctors . "  We try to challenge each one of our members into real-life situations where they have to use their prostheses not to just walk in straight directions , but to move in an environment that would be simulations of his home -- going up and down stairs , up and down curbs -- so we try to challenge the technology as much as possible . " Gadson is getting used to the new knees and wears them a few hours daily for now . But he has long-term goals for his new limbs . "  My expectations are that I can do whatever it is I used to do , maybe a little bit different . I have some other considerations , and if I can do those things , then I think that 's success . "	Iraq war veteran gets first set of battery-powered smart knees Sensors and artificial intelligence help knee anticipate motion and move into place Power Knee expected to hit general market in 2010 Lt. Col. Greg Gadson lost both of his legs to a roadside bomb in 2007
CNN  -- A grizzly bear attacked and killed a hunter Friday in a remote part of northwestern Montana before being gunned down itself , authorities said . The man who was killed had been part of a hunting party of three men , said Mike Weland , a spokesman for Boundary County , Idaho , which borders Canada and abuts the area where the attack took place . By the time the other two hunters -- one of whom witnessed the attack -- arrived on the site , the man was dead , Weland said . One of the victim 's hunting partners eventually shot and killed the grizzly , according to the sheriff 's office . Authorities received a cell phone call about 10 a.m. reporting the incident near Buckhorn Mountain , the sheriff 's office said . Officials from multiple government agencies were at the site by Friday evening , Weland added a short time later in an e-mail to reporters . At that point , authorities determined that the incident -- initially believed to have happened in northern Idaho -- actually occurred on the Montana side of Buckhorn Mountain , according to Weland . Boundary County sheriff deputies remain on site , but jurisdiction was being transferred to authorities from Lincoln County , Montana . Weland said earlier Friday that authorities were talking with the two survivors and could see the attack site from a distance as they climbed . The sheriff 's offices , the Idaho Fish and Game Department , and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service are investigating . The name of the victim , who was not from Boundary County , was not being released until authorities could notify his next of kin . The incident follows a series of bear attacks in recent months in the United States . Two men were killed this summer in Yellowstone National Park by grizzly bears , Park Superintendent Dan Wenk said . In August , a lone 50-year-old man was bit by a grizzly bear in Montana 's Glacier National Park but was able to continue hiking until he found help , the National Park Service said . And earlier this month , two young campers were injured when they were attacked by a black bear at Stokes State Forest in northwestern New Jersey , the state 's Department of Environmental Protection said . CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : The attack was on the Montana side of Buckhorn Mountain , an Idaho official says A man was hunting near the Canadian border when a bear attacked him , an official says By the time the two others in his hunting party arrived , the man was dead , they say One of those hunters shot and killed the grizzly bear , they say
The Frisky  -- We at The Frisky have always been on Team Coco . Sure , Jay Leno gives a decent monologue and David Letterman 's "  Late Show " is where celebrities go to unleash their inner crazy , but Conan O'Brien ? He relies on good writing and quick wit to pull hilariousness from his celebrity guests . Tonight , Conan returns to the late night game for the first time since being rudely booted from "  The Tonight Show . " His new series , "  Conan , " premieres on TBS at 11 p.m.  EST  . To celebrate this exciting event , we 've rounded up Conan 's 10 craziest celebrity interviews from over the years . The Frisky : 10 female stars who are OK with nudity 1 . Conan 's on-air concussion from chasing a hot babe During his brief stint at "  The Tonight Show , " Conan O'Brien had on avid runner Teri Hatcher as a guest . The two raced , and as Conan darted for the finish line he slipped , fell , and got a concussion . Oops . But do n't worry -- he was back to joke about it the next night . 2 . Martha Stewart partied hard on Conan One of my favorite Conan memories ever : when Martha Stewart visited the show and brought burritos from Taco Bell and Olde English 40-oz . beers . The Frisky : 12 reality TV stars who died unexpectedly 3 . Coco 's gaga for Gonzo American "  Beat Generation " novelist , essayist and spoken word performer Hunter S. Thompson and Conan O'Brien had a special bond . The famously reclusive author did several interviews with Conan before he passed away -- including one where he had Conan to his farm to drink whiskey and fire guns , in that order . Cursing and shooting stuffed gorilla bears : classic . 4 . Jennifer Garner was checked by Conan Jennifer Garner got a little snippy with Conan during an interview , scolding him that " ` Snuck ' is n't a word . You went to Harvard , you should know that . " So it was pretty funny when Conan pulled out a dictionary on the spot and turned out to be right . Burn . The Frisky : 12 stars posing using their hands as bras 5 . Tom Hanks shows his funny side Way back in 2000 , Tom Hanks visited Conan 's show before Christmas and Conan tried to get him into the holiday spirit by dumping a huge amount of snow on him . Then Conan gave Tom his very own special Christmas present : the skeleton of Tom 's former co-star -LSB- dog -RSB- Hooch ! When Conan took over "  The Tonight Show " in 2009 , Tom returned and made another memorable appearance where he talked about his love of meteor showers , and then Conan cued a giant meteor that knocked Tom out of his seat backwards and made his shoe fly off . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 6 . Sarah Palin faces off with William Shatner When William Shatner did a dramatic , beat-poetry reading of Sarah Palin 's resignation speech for Conan , the world was entranced . So Conan invited Shatner back to read excerpts of Sarah 's book , "  Going Rogue , " when it was released . Only at the end , Sarah herself appeared and did a dramatic reading from Shatner 's biography , "  Up Till Now . " 7 . Conan and guest get  almost  naked In 2002 , Conan interviewed the happiest man in the world , Roberto Benigni , who won the Oscar for his performance in "  Life Is Beautiful " but was on Conan to promote "  Pinocchio . " While their conversation was almost incomprehensible , during the interview , the Italian actor and Conan decided to trade pants -- with hilarious results that revealed whether Conan is a boxer or briefs man . The Frisky : 12 celebs who deny getting breast implants 8 . Halle Berry confesses she was seeing another man Halle Berry once went barefoot when she appeared on Conan 's guest chair . Why ? Because she left her shoes on set with Regis earlier in the day . Conan was sad to hear he was not her "  first " that day . 9 . The gruesome threesome Conan got into a mega-beef with Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart during the 2008 election over who had given the bigger boost to Republican and Fox News Channel talk show host Mike Huckabee . When the two Comedy Central TV hosts visited "  Late Night with Conan O'Brien " together the result was an extended on-air TV fight that included "  West Side Story " - style snapping , dance montages and mud - and gun-slinging . The Frisky : Snooki and 9 other celebs who battled and beat an eating disorder 10 . Funnyman Will Ferrell out-funnies Conan Last but not least , it was good times when Will Ferrell wished Conan a happy birthday on "  Late Night , " complete with a fake fart , green booty shorts and a Leprechaun dance ? Yep , that seems appropriate . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Halle Berry once went barefoot on the show because she left her shoes on set with Regis Will Ferrell wished Conan a happy birthday with booty shorts and a Leprechaun dance O'Brien 's new series , "  Conan , " premieres on TBS at 11 p.m.  EST  Monday
CNN  -- The argument that led to country singer Billy Currington 's indictment on terroristic threat charges involved a a charter boat captain who the performer thought sped too fast by his dock , the police report says . A grand jury in Savannah , Georgia , handed up a two-count indictment Wednesday accusing Currington , 39 , of threatening bodily harm against Charles Harvey Ferrelle last week . An elder abuse charge was included because Farrell is 70 years old . The police report , obtained by CNN affiliate WSAV , says Ferrelle filed a criminal complaint saying "  he feared for his life " after Currington screamed at him and followed him in a boat . Ferrelle , a charter boat captain , was giving a boat tour around Tybee Island , Georgia , when he passed by Currington 's property on April 15 , the report said . Currington yelled at the boat from shore and then jumped in his own boat and followed as Ferrelle went to his slip at a nearby dock , it said . Currington threatened that "  he was going to f -- k Mr. Ferrelle up , " the police report said . "  If I had n't gotten into my slip fast enough , I believe he would have run me over , " Ferrelle told an investigator . A Savannah judge issued a bench warrant for Currington 's arrest after the indictment was handed up by the Chatham County grand jury Wednesday , District Attorney Meg Heap said Wednesday . Currington and his representatives did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . But the singer posted a message to fans through his Twitter account : "  hey guys , I wanted to thank everyone for the huge amount of support that I have received already . Unfortunately , I ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter . It means a lot to me to have your support during this time . " While it is unclear if there is a connection , two days after the alleged incident Currington tweeted : "  harrassing artists often at their home by boat should be illegal . thas all i know . " Although Currington resides primarily in Nashville , he is a native of Rincon , Georgia , which is about 35 miles inland from Tybee Island . Currington 's hit country songs include "  Must Be Doin ' Somethin' Right , " "  Good Directions , " "  People Are Crazy , " "  That 's How Country Boys Roll , " "  Pretty Good at Drinkin ' Beer , " and "  Let Me Down Easy . " CNN 's Denise Quan and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	NEW : The 70-year-old boat captain told police he feared for his life after the incident Billy Currington allegedly threatened bodily harm against the man "  I ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter , " Currington tweets Currington 's country hits include "  People Are Crazy " and "  That 's How Country Boys Roll "
CNN  -- "  Grow old along with me ! / The best is yet to be , / The last of life for which the first was made . " Robert Browning , 1864 How quaint Browning 's celebratory ode to aging is these days . Americans seem gripped with dread about an aging society . The alarm "  we ca n't afford it " is ringing loudly all over the place , from congressional hearing rooms to corporate boardrooms to policy think tanks . The reason for the alarm is the federal government 's rising tide of red ink . Retirement looms for the roughly 76 million baby boomers born between 1946 and 1964 . The oldest members of the Woodstock generation could start collecting Social Security in 2008 and they 'll be eligible for Medicare next year . And the core of the federal government 's long-term debt-and-deficit problem is entitlement spending . Yet the widespread perception that Social Security , the oldest entitlement , is a basket case is deeply wrong .  In sharp contrast , health care spending is the driving force behind the scary budget projections .  There are looming financial concerns , but they 're manageable from an economic point of view . There is no crisis . For one thing , when it comes to Social Security , and all public and private pensions for that matter , what really matters is the health of the economy . For example , the future Social Security tab is easy to meet if the U.S economy continues its average annual per capita growth rate of around 2 percent , which it has for the past half-century or so . Read the opposite view on retirement age For another , the real Social Security concern lies with the consensus on how to shore up the system 's finances : Raising the age of retirement to , say , 70 . It 's the signature change that has gathered around it as close to a bipartisan consensus as is possible in today 's fractured politics . Average life expectancy , so goes the argument , is about 78 years . That 's way above the average expectancy of 61 years when Social Security became law in 1935 . We 're also healthier and better educated . Therefore , we 're told , it 's feasible for most Americans to work longer and the change will relieve some of the system 's long-term financial pressure . What 's not to like ? Everything . Mandating that folks retire later is a big step backward . Before the 1950s , retirement was for the rich . Most elderly Americans needed to earn an income and work was often hard to get . Yet with Social Security , and Medicare in 1965 , a majority of aging workers could look forward to a period of fulfillment at the end of their working lives . It was a major social and economic achievement of the 20th century . The richer a society becomes , the more people spend on health care , education , leisure and , yes , early retirement . That 's what wealthy societies do . This suggests that the public policy goal should be to lower the retirement age to , say , 50-something . Again , that 's an age of retirement only the rich can afford . Why not create a comparable option for everyone ? It sounds crazy , does n't it ? The idea is well outside the mainstream . But too much of the discussion about Social Security has taken a narrow bean-counter view of the system . The goal of reform should be to make the system better by enabling people to enjoy greater freedom of choice in the last third of life . Now , the choice may be work , full-time or part-time , paid or volunteer . It could mean learning more and heading off on various adventures . For many people it might involve nourishing their spiritual well-being and making a difference in their community . "  Today , ordinary people wish to use their liberated time to buy those amenities of life that only the rich could afford in abundance a century ago , " writes Nobel laureate and University of Chicago economist Robert Fogel in "  The Fourth Great Awakening and the Future of Egalitarianism . " "  These amenities broaden the mind , enrich the soul , and relieve the monotony of much earnwork . " Fogel offers up a possible blueprint for accomplishing the goal of an earlier retirement . The transition might take several generations . It would require that everyone save when they 're younger -- a universal mandatory savings requirement . Yet under very reasonable economic growth assumptions households that were required to set aside nearly 15 percent of their annual income into retirement savings would be financially free to pursue their passions in the mid-50s . For low-income people , he recommends boosting their savings with a tax of 2 or 3 percent "  applied progressively to the top half of the income distribution . " There are other ideas that would accomplish the same goal . Fogel 's is one possible blueprint . To be sure , in these times it 's hard to imagine that the economic resources are there to finance early retirement . But America remains the world 's wealthiest nation . Social Security reform should build on economic opportunity , not embrace penury . We can afford it and , yes , the best is yet to be . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Chris Farrell .	Chris Farrell : "  We ca n't afford early retirement " is alarmist ; there 's no Social Security crisis Farrell says public and private pensions depend on economy 's 2 percent steady growth Mandating older retirement is a step backward , he writes . Wealthy societies do n't do that The goal should be giving people freedom of choice in the last third of life , Farrell says
CNN  -- Israeli soldiers apprehended three suspects who tried to cross into Israel while patrolling their country 's border with Egypt , authorities said Thursday . A firefight between the soldiers and gunmen on the Egyptian side of the border ensued during the incident , injuring the suspects , according to a statement from the Israeli Defense Forces . A fourth suspect was found dead at the infiltration point , the IDF reported . Israel says the incident occurred after the suspects refused to comply with Israeli orders to stop . Egypt 's head of security in northern Sinai said the men were Bedouin tobacco smugglers "  who intended to deliver cigarettes to accomplices on the other side , " selling the stolen items for twice the normal price . "  They crossed over from South Rafah in northern Sinai , " said Gen. Saleh Al Masry . "  We have not been informed officially of the incident by the Israeli authorities . " Al Masry also rejected an Israeli statement that described last month 's apparent discovery of an explosive device along the border , while also scolding Israel for "  politicizing " the incident . The suspects were airlifted by helicopter to receive medical care at an Israeli hospital . No Israeli security personnel were injured . "  Smuggling and infiltration into Israel from its western border is used by terror organizations to execute terror attacks against Israeli civilians and IDF soldiers , " the Israeli military said in the statement . "  The IDF will continue to operate against anyone that poses a threat to the security of the State of Israel and its residents . " Israel has recently ramped up security activity along its western border in the wake of a reported increase in the number of illegal attempts to cross it . CNN 's Mohamed Fahmy in Cairo contributed to this report .	NEW : Sinai security official says suspects were Bedouin tobacco smugglers A firefight between the soldiers and gunmen on the Egyptian side of the border ensued Three suspects were apprehended ; one person was found dead Israel has recently increased activity along its western border
CNN  -- Barcelona took a big step towards setting up a semifinal showdown with Spanish rivals Real Madrid by beating Shakhtar Donetsk 5-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday . The Ukrainian champions are unbeaten at home in more than two years ahead of next week 's return leg , but the 2009 titleholders took control of the quarterfinal with a typically dominant display in the Catalan capital to match Real 's four-goal demolition of Tottenham on Tuesday . Andres Iniesta , playing further forward than his usual midfield role , settled any signs of nerves for the home fans inside two minutes when he pounced to score after Lionel Messi 's intended pass to strike partner David Villa was deflected into the 2010 World Cup match-winner 's path . The Spain star then set up Daniel Alves for the second goal in the 34th minute with a clever pass over the defense that the Brazilian fullback pushed wide of goalkeeper Andriy Pyatov and flicked into the net with the outside of his right foot . Real Madrid overpower 10-man Tottenham Alves turned provider eight minutes after halftime with a low corner that allowed central defender Gerard Pique to fire in a deflected shot after pulling back to lose his marker . It was Pique 's second goal in as many matches , having volleyed the winner from Alves ' flicked-on corner against Villarreal on Saturday that put Barca eight points clear of Real in the La Liga title race . Shakhtar reduced the deficit in the 59th minute when defender Yaroslav Rakitskiy stole in at the near post to put Darijo Srna 's freekick past goalkeeper Victor Valdes with his knee . But Pep Guardiola 's team responded within 60 seconds as top scorer Messi surged towards the penalty area and teed up Seydou Keita , who smashed a superb left-foot shot into the top corner of the net . Mourinho record falls -- but will it ever be beaten ? Brazilian striker Luiz Adriano almost made it 4-2 with nine minutes to play but his shot from a tight angle hit the post and bounced safely into the arms of a relieved Valdes . Messi had the ball in the net soon after , but his provider Pedro -- who made his return from injury as a 70th-minute replacement for Villa -- was ruled to be offside . However , the fifth goal came soon after when Alves made his way into the box and provided a perfect low cross for midfielder Xavi -- another player returning from injury -- to steal in unmarked and sidefoot into the net .	Barcelona crush Shakhtar Donetsk 5-1 in home leg of European quarterfinal Spanish champions in control of tie ahead of next week 's second leg in Ukraine Pep Guardiola 's team seeking to set up semifinal against rivals Real Madrid Brazil 's Daniel Alves scores one goal and sets up two at the Camp Nou
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho will leave Real Madrid at the end of the season , the nine-time European champion 's president Florentino Perez announced at a news conference on Monday . By his own admission Mourinho , who won one La Liga crown and a Copa del Rey with Real after taking charge in 2010 , has endured what he has called his "  worst season " in management . "  The club and manager agree that the timing is right to bring the relationship to an end , " said Perez . "  On behalf of the board of directors , I would like to thank Jose Mourinho for all his hard work over the last three years . " Mourinho will stay on for Real 's remaining league fixtures , with an away trip to Real Sociedad on May 26 and a final home game at the Bernabeu on June 1 against Osasuna . Real will finish second in La Liga this year , trailing champions Barcelona by 12 points after 36 rounds . The parting of ways comes three days after Mourinho was sent off as Real lost the Copa del Rey final 2-1 to Atletico Madrid , a first defeat by their neighbors in 14 years . Real president Perez explained that the decision was a "  mutual agreement " , so paving the way for Mourinho to make a return to England 's Premier League . "  I know in England I am loved , " said the Portuguese last month . "  I know I am loved by some clubs , especially one . " The 50-year-old has been heavily linked with a return to former club Chelsea , where he won two Premier League titles and one FA Cup between 2004 and 2007 . This year 's Europa League champions will be without a coach on June 1 , with the contract for interim manager Rafa Benitez expiring at the end of May . The decision to part ways via "  mutual agreement " means neither Real nor Mourinho will have to pay one another millions of dollars in compensation had either of them broken the terms of their contract . After winning La Liga last year , Mourinho had signed a new four-year deal with the Merengues . The compensation package was believed to be a potential obstacle to his return to Stamford Bridge , where Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich paid Mourinho and his coaching staff some $ 27 million after his contract ended early in 2007 . Paris Saint-Germain coach Carlo Ancelotti , who formerly led Chelsea himself , is rumored to be Mourinho 's replacement . On Monday , Perez denied that any deal has been agreed to replace the former Inter Milan and Porto manager . "  We have no pre-contract signed with any managerial candidate , " he said . "  It 's something we 'll have to look at in the coming days . " Ancelotti confirmed on Sunday that he had asked to leave the French champions , while the club 's Qatari owners suggested he already had an agreement in place with Real . Desperate to be crowned champions of Europe for a record tenth time , with their last success dating back to 2002 , Real Madrid turned to Mourinho just days after he lifted the Champions League with Inter Milan , ending a barren 35-year run for the Italians . Yet the Portuguese was beaten in the semifinals of the competition each year with Real , who were knocked out by Borussia Dortmund last month . Without a trophy in the two years prior to his arrival , Mourinho did at least return silverware to the club - winning the Copa del Rey in his first season in charge . In 2012 , he guided Real Madrid to their first league crown in four years and amassed a record tally of 100 points along the way , so eclipsing the previous best held by great rivals Barcelona . A new deal soon followed but matters soured this season as Mourinho clashed with several star players , notably goalkeeper Iker Casillas -- who was demoted from the first team in recent months -- Sergio Ramos and Pepe . During his 176 games in charge , Mourinho has led Madrid to 127 victories - losing just 22 games along the way .	Jose Mourinho to leave Real Madrid at end of season Madrid president Florentino Perez says ` timing is right ' to end relationship Real linked with Carlo Ancelotti while Mourinho is expected to take charge at Chelsea
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Police and soldiers killed at least 133 people during two days of riots between Muslims and Christians in Nigeria last year , Human Rights Watch alleged Monday . Anti-riot policemen patrol the streets in Jos , Nigeria , following riots between Christians and Muslims . Most of the victims of violence by security forces were young Muslim men , often unarmed , the group charged in testimony before a state commission examining the riots and in a separate report . More than 700 people died in the violence last November , the group said , citing local religious authorities on both sides of the divide . A 26-year-old mechanic described seeing anti-riot police known as MOPOLs hunting down people near where he worked . "  I saw them enter one house just across the street from us , " the unnamed witness said . "  We heard shots and later we saw five bodies there . Anyone they found hiding in the garage , they shot them . They combed the garage hunting for people . This went on for about 10 minutes or so . Then they returned to their truck and left . " Another witness described police units going from house to house , summarily executing unarmed men and boys . A third said he saw an unarmed shopkeeper plead for his life . Police ordered him to lie down on the ground , the witness said . "  He kept saying , ` Please God , allow me to live . ' ... One of them said , ` Today you go die , ' and then he shot him in the side . Then the same MOPOL shot him again . As he was going to shoot him a third time , the other MOPOL said ... ` Leave it , he 's already dead . ' " The shopkeeper managed to drag himself to a neighbor 's house , where the neighbor tried to stop the bleeding from wounds to the back and abdomen . Police then returned and shot tear gas into the neighbor 's house , he testified . The shopkeeper "  died a short time later , " the neighbor said . In the report , released Monday , Human Rights Watch says it "  documented 133 of these killings but believes that the actual number of arbitrary killings by security forces may be substantially higher than these figures . " James Manook , a spokesman for Plateau State where the violence occurred , said the Human Rights Watch claims are "  one of the issues that the commission has under inquiry , and given that - I do not want to comment while it 's under investigation . " However , he added , " I assure you that we remain respectful of the rule of law . " The clashes followed a dispute over an election that pitted a Christian candidate against a Muslim one in late November 2008 . Police and soldiers responded to the riots with deadly force , on the same day the governor of the state issued a "  shoot-on-sight " order , Human Rights Watch said . The group based its allegations on 151 interviews in the city of Jos in Nigeria 's Plateau State , it says in the report . It withheld the names of many of the people it interviewed over the course of 18 days in December 2008 and February 2009 . The report includes photographs of burned-out mosques , Christian boarding schools , and homes and businesses . The rights group said the state commission examining the riots should investigate and call for the prosecution of security forces involved . "  At least 130 men were killed by members of the very institutions charged with protecting them , " said Corinne Dufka , senior West Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  These investigative bodies owe it to the victims and their families to conduct a thorough and impartial investigation into these extremely serious allegations . " Eric Guttschuss , a Human Rights Watch researcher , testified before the commission Monday . There is a history of religious violence in central Nigeria , where majority-Muslim north Africa meets largely Christian sub-Saharan Africa . Human Rights Watch estimates that more than 1,000 people were killed in riots in 2001 . Local religious leaders in Jos have been trying to bridge the differences , including setting up a soccer league with teams on which Christians and Muslims play side-by-side . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Nigerian police , soldiers accused of killing 133 during riots in November 2008 U.S.-based Human Rights Watch says main victims were young Muslim men Witnesses say police units summarily executed unarmed men and boys HRW says death toll could be "  substantially higher " than documented cases suggest
CNN  -- Two bones and and a driver 's license with Steve Fossett 's name have been found near the site where Fossett 's plane crashed in eastern California , authorities said Thursday . Adventurer Steve Fossett , shown here in 2006 , disappeared after a solo flight in 2007 . The bones appear to be human , and DNA testing will determine whether they belong to the adventurer , Madera County Sheriff John Anderson said at a news conference . But Anderson said he believes "  our coroner 's investigation is over and the Fossett family will finally have closure . " "  We talked to the family and advised them that we possibly , most likely , found the remains of J. Stephen Fossett , " Anderson said . Searchers found "  two large bones , " the driver 's license , a pair of shoes and a $ 100 bill on Wednesday , Anderson said . The discovery site was a little more than a half-mile from where Fossett 's plane wreckage was found on October 1 in a remote area of the Sierra Nevadas at an altitude of 10,000 feet . Watch how the search yielded ` remains ' " The site of Wednesday 's discovery also is about a quarter-mile from where a hiker reported finding aviation identification cards with Fossett 's name and $ 1,000 in cash in late September , Anderson said . Fossett was last seen on the morning of September 3 , 2007 , when he took off from the Flying-M Ranch outside Minden , Nevada . He was scouting locations for an attempt to break the land speed record in a rocket-propelled car . Animal chew marks were found on the driver 's license and the shoes , Anderson said . He said the marks indicate that "  animals possibly -LSB- moved -RSB- the body . " Previous DNA tests on what were believed to be bone fragments at and near the crash site showed that the fragments were n't human remains , Anderson said . Before this week 's discovery , Anderson said , officials could not be certain that Fossett was dead . "  We could not categorically state that Steve Fossett perished in that crash because the only conclusive evidence our department had were those two aviation identification cards and $ 1,000 in cash , " the sheriff said in a written statement . The National Transportation Safety Board has been investigating the wreck . Fossett made his money in the financial services industry but became renowned for his daredevil exploits . Fossett was the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon , in 2002 , and the first to fly a plane around the world solo without refueling three years later . He also set world records in round-the-world sailing and cross-country skiing .	"  We possibly , most likely , found the remains of J. Stephen Fossett , " sheriff says Bones , license with Fossett 's name found near plane-crash site in eastern California DNA test to determine whether bones are Fossett 's , sheriff says Adventurer disappeared after 2007 solo flight
CNN  -- To Erdal Inci , GIFs are a form of visual music . "  When I started to look at the physics of music , I saw something that is unchanging . It 's like you have a unique moment , and it repeats endlessly in the form of musical notes . I realized that I could do the same thing in video . " The Turkish digital artist has made a name for himself -- both online and in the gallery circuit -- for his surreal , looping works . In keeping with the demands of the art form , Inci 's videos consist of short , one - to two-second clips looped in an endless run . Istanbul features prominently in the backdrop of his work , as does Inci himself . "  The city has really nice scenery and a beautiful light scene . I 've decided to use this beautiful scenery as a decoration of some show . I 've decided to use it as a set , " he says . Inci seems to favor theater terms . Though his audience tends to view his work from their living rooms , he still sees what he does as a public performance , albeit it one in which he plays all the roles . He is the cast . Though there may be only one of him , he is able to use cloning tools to make more . He is also the crew ; he is at once choreographer , director , editor and distributor . "  You ca n't put on a show in a public space without permission from the municipality . If you want a crowd scene , you need too many people . With this technique , I have a chance to show choreography to people in any possible place , like Taksim Square . And I just need one person . That 's why I use myself -- it 's the easiest way to do it . When you clone yourself , you can create an army that will move as you want . You do n't need any production or special cameras , " he says . His looping selfie army can be slightly comical , but it can also be eerie and haunting , which is precisely the effect he 's going for . "  Sometimes people tell me they find my work spooky or scary . To hear that the work makes people feel something is the best comment for me , " he says . Though his GIFs , once looped , contain a mere second or two of footage , it can take Inci as much as ten days to film and edit a single piece . To make sure he is alone with his city when filming , he usually sets up his camera on a fixed tripod between 3am and 5am . "  Some people are out that time of day , " he concedes . "  Sometimes they wo n't see the camera , because it 's far away , and they 'll just see me streaming nonsense , or running on a spiral path , like a crazy man . " Inci says he finds comfort in the patterns he 's able to create using just himself , a light source and the background . "  I create a human pattern . I can fill a space with those patterns . I have a chance to draw a line with people . The repetition makes me personally relaxed , " he says .	Turkish artist Erdil Inci clones himself on GIFs to make surreal patterns He stages public performances in Istanbul when no one is around He views his work at the video equivalent of music
CNN  A war with Ukraine would be "  apocalyptic " but will probably never happen , Russian President Vladimir Putin said . "  I believe such  an  apocalyptic scenario is unlikely , and hope that it will never get to that point , " he told Russian media Monday . Putin said he 's confident the crisis will stabilize if the Minsk Agreement is implemented . The accord , between Russia , Ukraine , France and Germany , includes a ceasefire between Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists and an agreement for both sides to pull back heavy weapons . Despite frequent violations of the ceasefire , Putin said there 's no need for immediate action beyond the Minsk Agreement , such as more international peace talks or the formal recognition of rebel separatist groups like the People 's Republic of Donetsk and the People 's Republic of Lugansk . "  I really hope  the Minsk Agreement  is implemented , and if it is -- it is the right way to normalization of situation in that Ukrainian region , " Putin said . But the chaos on the ground in eastern Ukraine suggests the truce is crumbling . In the past week , shelling has intensified in the city of Donetsk . And on Friday , Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council reported 300 violations of the ceasefire , which was less than a week old . Ukraine has said its forces wo n't back down until attacks from the rebels stop . Pro-Russian separatists have also accused Ukraine of instigating violence . In his interview , Putin also said there 's no chance Crimea -- which was annexed by Russia last year -- will go back in Ukraine . "  Regarding the return of any territories , such things are of revengeful nature , and it is not about return of some territories somewhere , " Putin said "  Crimea will remain Russian , Ukrainian , Tatar , Greek , and German -- it will be a home to all these nations . With regard to its nationality , Crimean people made their choice , which we must respect . " On the streets of Moscow , many Russian point their fingers at the United States for the Ukraine crisis . The latest polls show 81 % of Russians have a negative view of the U.S. -- the highest number since the collapse of the Soviet Union . State-run media reports the United States wants to encroach on Russia . And the Kremlin 's propaganda campaign seems to be paying off . "  My attitude to America is bad , " one woman said . "  The way I watch the news , I realize the Americans want to get a hold of half of Russia . " Russia has denied widespread claims that it is supporting the pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine and has sent its own troops to the border . The United Nations says more than 5,000 people have been killed since mid-April amid the fighting between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian troops . Many of those killed were civilians . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Elena Sandyrev contributed to this report .	Vladimir Putin says he hopes Russia and Ukraine wo n't go to war Polls show 81 % of Russians have a negative view toward the U.S.
CNN  -- A German citizen of Afghan descent was the source of much of the information on a potential "  Mumbai-style " terror plot in Europe , a German counterterrorism official said Wednesday . The man , Ahmed Sidiqi , was detained in Kabul in July and transferred to U.S. custody where he has "  revealed details about the terror plot , " said the official , who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to talk to the media . The man and several other Germans traveled from Hamburg to the Afghan-Pakistan border area in 2009 , where he joined the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , an extremist group allied with al Qaeda , German intelligence officials said . Sidiqi , once captured , "  started to talk a lot , " and detailed a "  Mumbai-style " attack in Europe , the German official said . Eiffel Tower evacuated after bomb threat Ten men launched a carefully planned attack on buildings in Mumbai , India , on November 26 , 2008 . The attack on such prominent sites -- such as the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower hotel , the Oberoi-Trident hotels , the historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center -- lasted three days and killed 164 people . Sidiqi is from Hamburg where he worked for a cleaning company at the Hamburg international airport , the German official said . He attended the Masjid Taiba mosque , formerly known as the Al-Quds mosque , in Hamburg , which became known as the meeting place of those behind the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . Among those who prayed there was Mohammad Atta , one of the hijackers who commandeered the first plane that crashed into New York 's World Trade Center . Sidiqi was part of Atta 's circle , the official said . Hamburg shut down the mosque this year , not long after Sidiqi 's capture . National Intelligence Director James Clapper would not talk about a plot Tuesday evening . "  We are not going to comment on specific intelligence , as doing so threatens to undermine intelligence operations that are critical to protecting the U.S. and our allies , " he said . "  As we have repeatedly said , we know al Qaeda wants to attack Europe and the United States . " Meanwhile , a federal law enforcement official in the United States , said "  the volume seems to be turned up " on the threat information coming out of Europe . The intelligence indicates there is interest in using people with Western passports in an attack , that official said . This source says the potential operatives may be a mix of Europeans and others possibly including North Africans , Pakistanis , Turks , Uzbeks , and Tajiks . There is concern about an "  active shooter " scenario that would create as many casualties and as much chaos as possible in a short period of time . The Mumbai attacks showed how effective this kind of an attack can be in drawing attention . According to this source , economic targets in Europe could be possible targets , including institutions such as banks and stock exchanges . A separate law enforcement source said "  the belief is " that Osama bin Laden signed off on a European attack plan , and that source confirmed the intelligence related to a Mumbai-style attack . The German government is increasingly concerned about the number of Germans becoming jihadists . According to a senior German counterterrorism source , some 200 individuals have traveled to train with Jihadist groups in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region since the 9/11 attacks . The potential plot against Europe was one factor contributing to the uptick this month in missile strikes by unmanned drones against terrorist targets in Pakistan , according to a U.S. official . "  We would be remiss not to try to take action to thwart what might be underway in Europe , " said the official . The official emphasized that the potential plot was not the sole factor . U.S. officials say they are taking advantage of what they call "  precise intelligence . " Most of the drone attacks this year have been focused on North Waziristan , a mountainous area bordering Afghanistan where Pakistani security forces have little control . That has continued to be the pattern this month . Based on information from Pakistani officials , CNN estimates there have been 20 drone attacks in the area in September alone , a higher number than in any previous month , and more than twice the monthly average . Acknowledging the spike , one U.S. official told CNN : "  Our operational tempo has been up for a while now , we have good information driving it , and given the stakes involved , we hope to keep the pressure on as long as we can . " According to the official , the mix of threats remains the same . It comes from groups like the Haqqani network , al Qaeda , the Afghan Taliban and the Pakistan Taliban . The threats they pose are "  all deadly , " said the official . Pakistani officials say many recent strikes have been aimed at compounds in or around the town of Miramshah , a stronghold of the Haqqani network . Western intelligence officials have long regarded the Haqqanis as one of the most dangerous terror groups and have linked them to several attacks in Kabul . Intelligence analysts point to other reasons for the escalated drone attacks . They include better information from sources in the border area and better surveillance technology -- including the growing use of spy balloons fitted with high-powered cameras . In addition , the rising number of drone strikes is designed to deprive the Afghan Taliban of "  strategic depth " as the Obama administration 's campaign to defeat the insurgency enters a crucial phase and tighten the noose on the senior al Qaeda leadership . Pakistani officials say one strike last weekend killed Sheikh Mohammad Fateh al Masri , described as the group 's senior operational commander . CNN 's Pam Benson , Paul Cruickshank , Tim Lister and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Man talks about a "  Mumbai-style " attack in Europe , official says He attended the same mosque in Hamburg as 9/11 hijacker Atta Europe plot is one factor in the increase in drone attacks in Pakistan U.S. officials say they are taking advantage of what they call "  precise intelligence "
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The Nigerian army has arrested a militant gang leader believed to be behind the kidnapping of 19 people , authorities said Saturday . Fifty-one of his followers were also arrested , said Lt Col Timothy Antigha , a spokesman for the military taskforce in the Niger Delta . Nigerian authorities on Wednesday freed the 19 hostages seized in the oil-rich Niger Delta region . They were 12 Nigerians , two Americans , two Frenchmen , one Canadian and two Indonesians . Nigeria has launched an offensive targeting Delta , Bayelsa and Rivers states , the largest military campaign in the Niger Delta region since the government offered an amnesty program in 2007 . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta is one of several militant groups in the region that has been battling the government for years over the distribution of the country 's oil wealth . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Fifty-one of his followers are also arrested Nigerian authorities freed the 19 hostages earlier this week Nigeria has launched a major offensive in the Niger Delta region
New York  CNN  -- Some athletes strive to conquer mountains , but Andrea De Mello started with a much more humble goal : a lamppost . She had suffered a stroke in 1980 at age 10 and spent the majority of the next few years in a hospital bed or wheelchair . She eventually moved from her native Brazil to New York for treatment , and a family friend urged her to get in touch with Dick Traum , who had started a running club for disabled athletes . When she met the group in Central Park one Saturday morning in 1986 , Traum urged her to take steps that would ultimately change her life . "  Dick said to walk one lamppost to another lamppost , " she recalled . "  I walked very slowly . ... It was very hard . " That day , De Mello walked the distance between six lampposts -- about 300 yards . The next week , she walked eight lampposts . Every week , she improved , and by the next year , she finished the New York City Marathon . "  I felt great because I did something to help myself , " said De Mello , 42 . "  I started my life again . " There are many stories like De Mello 's at Achilles International , the nonprofit Traum started almost 30 years ago . Today , the organization provides free athletic training , support and a sense of community to more than 10,000 disabled athletes in 70 countries worldwide . The idea is relatively simple . At weekly runs , able-bodied volunteers are matched with disabled runners who have a variety of physical and mental challenges . "  Amputees , strokes , autism , diabetes , multiple sclerosis , cerebral palsy -- you probably ca n't think of a disability that 's not represented , " Traum said . Running side by side , the athletes get in shape , build confidence and make friends . It 's an atmosphere that Traum , 71 , still loves . An above-the-knee amputee , he can still be found in Central Park every Saturday morning , making people laugh -- and groan -- with his notoriously bad jokes . "  Camaraderie is the most important part of what we do , " Traum said . "  We make it into a fun thing , so that it 's not only a matter of how fast or how far can I run , but it 's about sharing the run with the group . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Many of the disabled athletes are training to achieve specific goals , whether it 's a 5-kilometer race or the New York City Marathon . Traum believes that when they compete in mainstream races , they change opinions on two levels . "  When an able-bodied runner gets passed by someone on one leg , it changes their perception of what the disabled can do , " Traum said . "  It also changes the way disabled athletes perceive themselves . " It 's a circle of inspiration that 's been growing since Traum started his work . A lifelong New Yorker , Traum was always athletic , even wrestling at the college level . But as a 24-year-old doctoral student , he was in a car accident and eventually had one leg amputated . "  Somehow , I was n't upset , " he said . "  When you lose a leg , there 's no ambiguity . ... You get an artificial leg and keep going . " He went on to start a successful business , but the long hours spent at work took their toll . When a friend died of a heart attack in 1975 , he realized he needed to get in shape . He joined the local YMCA and started running . At first , he could run only a few hundred feet . But he slowly built up to a mile and then five miles . Running on his prosthetic leg , he was an unusual sight . "  I 'd ask my coach how I was doing compared to the other amputees , and he 'd say ` About the same , ' " Traum remembered . "  The joke was , there were no other amputee runners . "  I had more than a few kids ask me if I was a bionic man , " he said . In 1976 , Traum became the first amputee to run the New York City Marathon , finishing in seven hours and 24 minutes . To Traum 's knowledge , he is the first person to run such a distance on a prosthetic leg . Traum 's achievement inspired Terry Fox , a Canadian teenager who had lost a leg to cancer . Fox decided to run across Canada , averaging a marathon distance of 26 miles a day , to raise money for cancer research . He named his crusade the Marathon of Hope , and he ran more than 3,300 miles , raising millions of dollars and international awareness before cancer finally took his life in 1981 . Traum never met Fox . But it was after he went to Canada to compete in a race held in Fox 's honor that he got the idea to start Achilles International , which he named in honor of the Greek warrior who was perfect except for one vulnerability . The group , which gets its funding from corporate and foundation grants , has no membership fee , and it will often pay race entry fees for people who ca n't afford them . Traum has never wanted anything to prevent athletes from participating . "  Running that first marathon was probably the favorite day in my life , " Traum said . "  I 'm just trying to give that joy to others . " Opinion : Oscar Pistorius , an inspiration and a question Although running has always been the group 's primary focus , in recent years , Achilles has started offering hand-crank wheelchairs , tandem biking , triathlon training and kayaking . After knee replacement surgery a few years ago , Traum stopped running himself and switched to a hand-crank wheelchair , which is low , has three wheels and is moved by the user 's arms . Achilles has also developed a number of specialized programs like Achilles Kids , which works with more than 4,000 disabled children , and the Freedom Team of Wounded Veterans , which has helped more than 1,000 disabled veterans finish marathons across the country . Army Capt. David Rozelle had his foot amputated in 2003 after his Humvee hit a land mine in Iraq . He started training with Achilles at Walter Reed Hospital in Washington , and just 10 months after his injury , he ran the New York City Marathon . At his request , he was deemed fit for duty , and in 2005 , he rejoined his unit in Iraq , becoming the first amputee to return to war . Rozelle 's story makes Traum glow with pride . "  We are literally addicting people to achievement , " Traum said . "  They feel good about themselves , and their level of aspiration increases dramatically . " Since walking to that first lamppost , De Mello has gone on to compete in 20 New York City Marathons and five Paralympic Games , competing in swimming and wheelchair fencing . It 's a life that she says she could never have dreamed of without Traum . "  He  became  my friend , my family , my coach and my hero , " she said . "  Dick helped me realize that everything is possible in my life . " Traum 's influence can also be found every day in neighborhoods across the country . "  Now , you see  disabled athletes  running in the park all the time , " Traum said . "  It 's just like a seed that we 've successfully planted . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Achilles International website at www.achillesinternational.org and see how to help .	Dick Traum 's nonprofit is helping disabled athletes meet their potential , set new goals Free training has benefited more than 10,000 athletes in 70 countries Traum says "  camaraderie is the most important part of what we do " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The tiger is one of wildlife 's most endangered species , but there 's one big cat which refuses to be tamed . Meet Radamel Falcao -- or "  El Tigre " as his friends nicknamed him after watching him terrorize defenders on the streets of Colombia as a child . From making his professional debut at just 13 to running top-class defenders ragged , this is one Tiger who has n't changed his stripes since bursting onto the scene in Europe with Porto and Atletico Madrid . "  I think that every person specializes in what they know best and as a young kid , I liked scoring goals , " he told CNN . "  Later , I realized that 's what I was best at and I went perfecting that aspect to give the best of myself to my team in the position I played , which was striker . " Constantly on the prowl for goals , the 26-year-old is one of football 's most wanted transfer targets , with several top European clubs waiting to poach him from Atletico . He moved to Spain in a â ‚ ¬ 40 million  $ 53 million  deal from Porto in 2011 , and scored 36 goals in his debut season in La Liga including two in the Europa League final against Athletic Bilbao . His stunning hat-trick in the demolition of European champions Chelsea at the 2012 Super Cup Final underlined to those not au fait with Spanish football just how deadly he can be . Atletico thrash Chelsea in Super Cup Falcao then went on a streak which saw him score in 11 consecutive games for club and country between August and late October . With 18 goals in La Liga this season , the vultures are circling the Vicente Calderon once again , with Real Madrid , Chelsea and Manchester City all hovering . But Falcao insists he is happy with life at Atletico and says he has no thoughts of moving on -- at least not yet . "  I have three years left on my contract with the club and my reality is that this contract ties me down for a few more seasons , " Falcao said . "  Afterwards though , I do n't know what 's going to happen in the future as it 's in the hands of the people responsible for deciding the future of the players on Atletico . "  I simply give the best of myself for the team , for this really good season that we 're having . We have a lot of objectives/goals in our sight and I hope that we can achieve them . " Falcao has emerged as one of the world 's top goalscorers since making the move to Porto from Argentina 's River Plate in July 2009 . It was in Portugal that he came to prominence , scoring 34 goals including the winner in the final of the 2011 Europa League to help the club pull off a quadruple haul of trophies . His goalscoring feats in the continent 's second-tier competition , in which he scored a record 17 goals , earned him a move to Spain where he has led the line for Atletico with his predatory instincts causing havoc for defenses across Europe . Can Falcao help Atletico Madrid reign in Spain ? It is a skill which he honed as a youngster , spending many hours on the practice fields in a bid to perfect the art of one of football 's hardest arts -- scoring goals . Ever since he ran around the streets barefoot , covered with scratches and blood , Falcao 's desire has been to reach the very top . His father played club football in Colombia , and there was never a doubt in Falcao 's mind what he wanted to achieve in life . Incredibly , he made his professional debut for Deportivo Pereira at the age of just 13 , making him the youngest player to ever appear professionally in Colombian football . At the age of 14 he moved to Argentina to pursue his dream of becoming a professional footballer . It was there that he flourished , establishing himself as one of the most exciting players at River Plate . After overcoming a serious knee injury in 2006 , he returned to lead River Plate to the Clausura title and earn a move to Europe with Porto . It was the realization of a dream for a player which had begun life with one simple dream -- to become one of the best striker 's on the planet . Fantasy football : Pedro Pinto 's team of 2012 "  Thanks to lots of training and hard work , I was able to succeed and be able to shine above other players of my age , " Falcao said . "  This is work that took a long time , many years in terms of knowing the position , the development of my abilities and also the talent and potential that I was born with . "  Through lots of training , I went along perfecting it , along with knowing the team that I play with , both Atletico Madrid and my national team , which allowed my good development as a striker . " While league and cup success with Atletico remains his priority , the opportunity to lead Colombia into battle at the 2014 World Cup is high up on the agenda . Falcao on fire as Atletico Madrid win Europa League Colombia has not appeared at the World Cup finals since 1998 , but is third in the South American qualifying section . The top four of the nine competing nations will automatically qualify for Brazil , while the fifth-placed team goes into a playoff against an Asia confederation side . Falcao who has scored five goals in six qualifying games , wants the latest generation of Colombian talent to write their own records and emerge from the shadow of former great players such as Carlos Valderrama and Faustino Asprilla . "  We 're forming quite a strong team and hopefully we can manage to qualify for the World Cup and for the next few World Cups and bring lots of other triumphs and victories home , " he said . "  I do n't like comparisons too much -- we simply want to write our own history and hope that it 's important for our country . "	Radamel Falcao , known as "  El Tigre , " is one of the world 's most lethal strikers Colombian fired Spanish club Atletico Madrid to Europa League glory last season The 26-year-old , a pro since age 13 , is the son of a former professional footballer Falcao scored 36 goals last year and has 18 in La Liga so far this season
Lausanne , Switzerland  CNN  The bad news ? The deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran 's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal . The good news ? The sides are still talking . Whether your glass is half-full or half-empty , it does n't change the fact that it 's not easy to reach resolutions on complex issues involving nuclear physics and international relations . Nor does it change the fact that Tuesday 's self-imposed deadline did n't really matter anyway : The date that really counts is June 30 , when the parties must figure out a comprehensive deal -- with all the technical details and diplomatic impasses fully worked out -- or else everything falls apart . The whole point of what 's happening in Lausanne , Switzerland , is to get everyone on the same page about what kinds of things will be discussed as part of a potential conclusive agreement . For those hoping that will eventually happen , it 's good that Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and senior European Union diplomat Helga Schmid held talks early Thursday morning in Lausanne . But it does n't mean there will be a final deal . "  We have made significant progress over the last few days , but it has been slow going , " British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond told reporters Wednesday . "  I 'm optimistic that we will make further progress ... but it does mean the Iranians being willing to meet us where there are still issues to deal with . "  Fingers crossed , and we 'll hope to get there during the course of the day . " But by Thursday morning , there was still no deal . Zarif told reporters that Iran has shown "  its readiness to engage with dignity , and it 's time for our negotiating partners to seize the moment and use this opportunity , which may not be repeated . " "  I 've always said that an agreement and pressure do not go together . They are mutually exclusive , " the Iranian minister said . "  So our friends need to decide whether they want to be with Iran based on respect or whether they want to continue based on pressure . They have tested the other one . It is high time to test this one . " U.S. State Department official Marie Harf said on Twitter that talks between Kerry and Zarif ran deep into the early hours of Thursday morning . "  That was truly an all-nighter , " she tweeted around 6 a.m. local time  12 a.m. ET  , saying the negotiations had broken up and would resume again in a few hours . Another U.S. official had said earlier that "  some serious issues remain unresolved . " "  It is still totally unclear when this might happen , if it happens at all . " There 's one thing that most everyone does agree on : The sides have made progress in recent days . In fact , Zarif called it "  very good " progress that led to solutions on most issues , according to IRNA , the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . As long as "  the conversations continue to be productive , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest said , U.S. officials will keep on talking . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov -- whose country has been taking part in the talks , along with Germany , France , Britain and the European Union -- went so far as to say "  with a large degree of confidence " that "  framework agreements have been reached on all the key aspects of this issue at the ministerial level . " "  We hope that these agreements will be put on paper in the next few hours or a day at the most , " Lavrov said before leaving the talks along with his counterparts from China and France . "  The agreement stipulates a comprehensive approach to settling this issue , including IAEA verification of the exclusively peaceful nature of Iran 's nuclear program and detailed provisions on lifting the sanctions . " But it does n't matter if Russia or Germany is comfortable with the details ; the key is getting the United States and Iran on the same page , something that 's hard given the decades of contempt and distrust . According to an IRNA report , Zarif said only that he hopes a framework agreement will be drafted Wednesday . "  I think it 's a matter of political will . It 's not just about technical details anymore , " said Fawaz Gerges , a professor of Middle East studies at the London School of Economics . "  You 're talking here about an institutionalized relationship of hostility between the United States and Iran . " Even then , Gerges on Wednesday gave the sides a 60 % to 70 % chance of coming to some sort of preliminary agreement soon . His reasoning : "  I think there is a convergence of interests between Obama 's administration and the Iranian leadership , and that 's why both camps have a vested interest in signing an agreement , as opposed to walking away . " For Iran , which insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , a deal would mean relief from punishing economic sanctions . For the West , it would offer hope of improved relations with Tehran without the destabilizing threat of an Iranian nuclear bomb in the pipeline . The sides have oftentimes talked past each other for nine years . That 's why Iran is facing crippling sanctions in the first place : because many world powers felt they could not trust Tehran , given its dealings with nuclear inspectors and in talks . The tone changed with the 2013 election of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , a moderate who campaigned on a platform of reducing international tensions . And there has been some movement , including in recent days , out of Iran . Still , it 's too early to say that everyone will meet in the middle on everything . Mohammad Marandi , a professor of North American studies at Tehran University , told CNN that Iranian officials feel they 've already compromised a lot in the talks . "  They feel that they 've gone as far as they possibly can and that it 's for the Americans right now to make a move , " he said . 21 questions on Iranian nuclear talks The main sticking points at the moment are believed to be the pace at which U.N. sanctions on Iran will be lifted , how much nuclear research and development Iran will be able to maintain and whether Iran will ship its stockpile of enriched uranium out of the country for reprocessing into a safer form . Even if those points are resolved to the satisfaction of all sides , any agreement is expected to come under attack on multiple fronts . Obama is likely to face a stern challenge selling any deal to Congress , while hardliners in Iran will probably denounce it for being too harsh . The leader of Israel , a key U.S. ally that considers Iran to be an existential threat , on Tuesday said "  the agreement that is being formed in Lausanne is paving the road to that result . " And on Wednesday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu obliquely suggested that the United States could be threatened as well . "  The Middle East is plagued by anti-Western , anti-democratic and anti-American extremism . ... Despots lead their people in chants of ` Death to America ' while building intercontinental ballistic missiles to reach America . In this violent and unstable region , where states are exploding , " said Netanyahu , referring to some Iranian leaders and reports that Iran could develop intercontinental missiles . Iran 's power rises , with or without deal Obama administration officials say that any agreement would involve heavy monitoring of Iran 's nuclear activities . They insist no deal would be better than signing a bad deal . But if no agreement is reached and the talks fall apart , the potential consequences are deeply unsettling . Further sanctions on Iran would most likely follow . Israel argues that could eventually force Tehran back to the negotiating table to settle for a tougher deal . But Obama administration officials say they fear Iran will redouble efforts to advance its nuclear program without any meaningful international inspections . Iranian progress toward a nuclear weapon could spark an arms race in the Middle East and talk of military strikes from the United States or Israel . "  The military option will remain on the table , " U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told NBC 's "  Today " show on Tuesday . "  If there is a good agreement to have , obviously it 's worth waiting for and completing the negotiations . " CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Lausanne , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Jim Sciutto , Steve Almasy , Nimet Kirac and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Talks run until early Thursday morning ; expected to resume hours later Iranian minister : Other side must "  seize the moment , " not try to pressure Iran U.S. official : "  It is still totally unclear when this might happen , if it happens at all "
CNN  -- Jenson Button has emerged a surprise contender to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren in what would be an exciting partnership for the 2010 season . Jenson Button could join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren in an exciting partnership for the 2010 season . Button has not yet agreed a new contract with Brawn and McLaren are interested having struggled to land first choice Kimi Raikkonen . McLaren team principal , Martin Whitmarsh refused to rule out a move for Button and create and all-British pairing at the manufacturer . Asked by British newspaper Daily Mail whether there had been talks between McLaren and Button 's representatives Whitmarsh said : "  We 've talked to a number of drivers . It would n't be appropriate to say more than that . "  We 'll hire the two best drivers available to us as we always have . " The world champion 's manager Richard Goddard also refused to comment on whether he had held talks with McLaren to increase speculation . Button , meanwhile , made a return to Brawn UK headquarters in Brackley and paid tribute to the staff behind his title-winning success . "  I 'm really here to say a massive well done and thank you to everyone at the team . We 've worked so hard for these achievements for so many years , " Button told the Formula One official Web site . "  Some of us were here from the beginning back in 1998 and I arrived halfway through our journey in 2003 but everyone has put so much work in . "  I know that there have been a lot of very difficult times and over the winter there were times when we did n't think that we would be here at all . "  It 's very sad that not everyone can be here who worked on this fantastic car . But the team had to become smaller to continue and together we produced a car that has been exceptional this season . "  To be able to achieve the constructors ' and the drivers ' championships in our first year , especially after such a difficult winter , is an amazing achievement . It 's been a roller coaster of emotions . "  The first few races were magnificent . It looked like it was a walk in the park but it really was n't . Then we had some difficult races , especially myself but also as a team where we struggled . But we fought back hard and when we needed to improve the car , you guys did it . "	Jenson Button has emerged as a contender to join Lewis Hamilton at McLaren Button is out of contract with Brawn at has yet to sign a new deal with them Team principal Martin Whitmarsh refused to rule out a move for Button Button paid tribute to Brawn 's staff at their headquarters in the United Kingdom
CNN  -- For a minute , Courtney Love believed she 'd found a clue in the case of the disappearance of Malaysian flight 370 . The saga of the missing airplane has captured the public 's attention , and Hollywood is clearly not exempt from the intrigue . Love , best known as a musician , actress and wife of the late Nirvana front man Kurt Cobain , tweeted a picture of a body of water with the caption "  really ? look closer ? check it out @DR24 #MH370 and its like a mile away Pulau Perak , where they ` last ' tracked it . " The "  it " would be the Boeing 777-200 that has been missing , along with all aboard , for more than a week . The picture Love tweeted features drawn lines meant to point to what appears to be discolorations in the water and possible debris . Another tweet from Love says "  I 'm no expert but up close this does look like a plane and an oil slick . ... prayers go out to the families #MH370 " with a link to Tomnod.com , a crowdsourcing site that has enlisted participants to scour satellite imagery for clues . Love told New York Magazine 's Daily Intelligencer that "  Yeah I went to the satellite site and just uploaded tons and tons of pictures . I really doubt aliens took it . It 's got to be somewhere . I 'm a little obsessive . " The Daily Intelligencer , however , pointed out that Tomnod ruled out the theory before Love even offered it . "  Although it is still an interesting clue , it is looking much more like the other boats operating in the region , " they reported Tomnod as saying . "  Keep up the good work . "	Love is fascinated with MH370 case She tweeted what she thought was a clue It has since been discounted
CNN  -- Michael Petrina 's mother passed away from Alzheimer 's disease 15 years ago . That 's one of the reasons the 67-year-old retired attorney works his mind so hard . Petrina took first place in the AARP National Spelling Bee on Sunday , beating more than 50 contestants in 47 rounds . The winning word ? Rhizoctonia , a genus of imperfect fungi . "  R-H-I-Z ... , " Petrina started to spell before breaking into laughter as he spoke to CNN Monday . "  Is that right ? I hope . I 'll look it up while we 're talking . " The AARP started the spelling bee in 1996 as a way to motivate members to keep their minds sharp . While Alzheimer 's and other types of dementia are a big concern for seniors , even normal aging can slow the brain 's processes over time . As fetuses at six months , "  we actually have more brain cells than we will ever have in our lives , " Dr. Gregory Jicha says . " -LSB- After -RSB- six months in the womb , nerve cells start dying . " As an associate professor of neurology , Jicha works at the Sanders-Brown Center on Aging in Lexington , Kentucky . Since 1989 , the center has been studying the healthy brains of seniors in hopes of identifying exactly what keeps someone from developing a cognitive disorder . Researchers have some ideas , Jicha says , but there 's little definitive evidence . Part of the problem is the brain 's complexity ; each type of memory is affected differently as we age . The good news is that it 's not all bad news , says Dr. Suzanna Penningroth , a gerontologist from the University of Wyoming . Your brain 's processing speed -- how fast you can interpret and recall information -- slows as you age , according to Penningroth . Episodic memory , like what you ate for breakfast this morning , is also on the decline . But studies have shown seniors are much better at prospective memory , such as remembering to take a daily medication , and have larger knowledge bases than younger generations . Penningroth says that semantic memory stays strong as we age . The aging brain : Why getting older just might be awesome In other words , you might not remember where you parked this morning but you 'll always remember how to drive . Here are some tips to keep your thinking skills sharp , starting now : Engage the mind To prepare for the spelling bee , Petrina wrote out 20,000 words on flashcards and went over them again and again . He also enjoys crossword puzzles and reads often to keep his mind active . Fortunately for those who are n't bookworms , mind engagement can come in many forms . Learning a new dance or musical instrument counts , Jicha says . So does playing card games or adding up scores during a game of golf . Enrich your environment The amount of time we spend communicating often declines with age . Americans age 55 to 64 spend 13 % of their time socializing and communicating , compared to 8 % of those older than 75 , according to the 2010 Older Americans report . Studies have shown that lab animals in an empty cage form far fewer nerve cell connections than those who are given neighbors and toys . "  We can take that as a lesson , that we as human beings need to be in an enriched environment , " Jicha says . "  In the face of the fact that we 're losing nerve cells every day , we need to keep making these new connections . " Case in point -- the morning after the AARP competition , Petrina was packing for a trip to Turkey . Whether it 's for work or pleasure , Jicha says new experiences are an important part of keeping the mind healthy . Eat right The mind uses nutrients as building blocks to form new connections , Jicha explains . Since the brain is one of the fattiest organs , eating omega-3 fatty acids from fish , seeds and nuts can help rebuild damaged tissue . Brain suffers when fish oil falls short Also important is eating fresh vegetables and fruits . Their antioxidants help defend and repair our cells , Jicha says . "  Our brain , we 're only given one . If we 're going to live to 80 , we 've got 80 years of healthy nerve cell life we have to protect . " Exercise Petrina works out with a trainer twice a week . He knows exercise is important for keeping his brain fit . Exercise can stimulate cell growth , Jicha says . One area of the brain that can produce new cells is the hippocampus , which is responsible for memory . "  It 's nice to know that something as simple as physical exercise can actually lead to biological change , " he says . Exercise also keeps the cardiovascular system working efficiently , increasing blood flow to the brain and reducing the risk of vascular dementia . Strength-training key in preventing Alzheimer 's Encode better Even if you eat right , exercise frequently and stay engaged with your environment , your mind is going to fade , Penningroth says . "  You just have to know what your weaknesses are . If you understand these weaknesses you can easily compensate . " To boost memory , shut your eyes Paying attention is the first step to encoding new information , she says . Use repetition , like saying a new friend 's name several times to make sure it sticks . Then keep checklists or other aids to help you complete important tasks . If nothing else , try to remember that everyone is in the same sinking boat as you are . "  I always like to kid that I think my brain was at its best at 25 , " Jicha says . "  And it 's been downhill ever since . " 10 best cities for successful aging	The AARP National Spelling Bee started in 1996 to motivate members to keep minds sharp Each type of memory is affected differently as we age , experts say Eating right , exercising and engaging the mind can help slow the aging process
CNN  -- We are well into the fall season , so by now , you probably have had your fill of pumpkin and Oktoberfest beers , so now is the time to give a fresh hop beer a try . Fall is harvest time for the hop growers of the Pacific Northwest , where a majority of hops are grown in the U.S. . While most of the hops picked are dried and preserved , some hops are spared from the drying kiln and sent directly to brewers within 24-48 hours . These hops are referred to as "  wet hops . " Whole fresh hop cones provide a more grassy and juicy aroma and flavor to the beer by retaining precious lupulin oils from the hop flower . Wet hop beers are the ultimate example of farm-to-glass , and are designed to celebrate the agriculture of beer . Brewers in Oregon and Washington obviously have an advantage in getting the freshest picked hops , but more and more breweries outside of the hop growing regions are going to extreme lengths to get the freshest hops into the brew kettle . I gathered as many of these "  freshies " as I could get my hands on for a taste test , along with a group of fellow beer lovers , and have listed the cream of the crop . These harvest ales wo n't be available much longer , so you better hop to it and try some today . Please share your favorite wet hop beer in the comments below . Northern Hemisphere Harvest -- Sierra Nevada Sierra Nevada has been brewing up wet hop beers since 1996 , so they have got it down . They even produce a wet hop beer from hops grown on their estate in Chico , California . The fresh Centennial and Cascade hops give this balanced beer some citrus and herbal notes , but they 're not overpowering . Definite pine and grassy notes crop up at the end , but the sweetness from the malts calm things down a bit . Born Yesterday Fresh Hop -- Lagunitas Brewing Company This was the clear front-runner this year in the wet hop category . The freshness of this pale ale really shines through from beginning to end . Tropical fruits and pine hit you across the face right upon opening it up , and it should , considering the lengths that Lagunitas went through in order to get this beer in your hands as fresh as possible . The wet hops are truly the star of this pale ale . Harvest Ale -- Founders Brewing Company Who knew that one of the best wet hopped beers would be straight out of Grand Rapids , Michigan ? It 's a brilliantly juiced up IPA with intense pine and tropical fruit flavor . The fresh hops shine all the way through to the finish . According the brewery , fresh hops from both Washington and Michigan were used in this year 's batch of their delicious harvest ale . Chasin ' Freshies -- Deschutes Brewery This IPA features fresh cut Mosaic hops trucked in straight from the fields in nearby Yakima , Washington . Tropical notes are again showcased in this one , along with heavy pine and subtle bread-y sweetness . Super clean and crisp , and a very easy drinker for 7.2 % alcohol by volume . Deschutes also serves up a fresh hop pale ale called Hop Trip , which is worth a try as well . So Fresh & So Green , Green -- Terrapin Beer Company Each year Terrapin pays tribute to the hop by featuring a single wet hop that is flown down on a midnight plane to Georgia from Yakima . This year Terrapin features Simcoe , which is a heavily aromatic hop that gives lots of earthy pine and passionfruit characteristics . This brew tastes like a freshly mowed lawn of pine needles , with a fruity slightly bitter finish . It is a truly another one hop wonder from Terrapin . Sensi Harvest -- Sixpoint Brewery This is one juicy fresh hop beer , which is surprising given its very drinkable 4.7 % ABV . Brooklyn 's Sixpoint uses only seedless hop cones in this session IPA to deliver a citrus-y but not at all bitter brew . Vine to Victory Harvest Ale -- Victory Brewing Company A very ambitious undertaking by Victory to get a whopping six tons of fresh hops hauled in refrigerated trucks from Yakima Valley to their Downingtown , Pennsylvania , brewery for this fresh hop offering . Tons of grapefruit and a pungent hop aroma lead the way , alongside Victory 's signature malts , provide a bread-y sweetness . Fresh Hop -- Great Divide Another early adopter of the wet hop movement , Great Divide give us a pale ale with grassy hop flavor with heavy grapefruit and a little pine on the finish . Moderate bitterness and an all-around well balanced beer . Warrior IPA -- Left Hand Brewing Probably the only wet hop beer on the list not featuring Pacific Northwest hops . Warrior is made with fresh wet Cascade hops from the high altitudes of Colorado . Once harvested , the hops are loaded onto a small plane and flown about an hour to the Left Brewery in Longmont , Colorado . Heavy-Handed IPA -- Two Brothers Brewing Company Two Brothers from Chicago put out three separate versions of their Heavy Handed fresh hop IPA , with each one featuring a single hop . This year they have released them in Chinook , Centennial and Cascade . We were able to get our hands on the Cascade version of this beer . The Heavy Handed was probably sweeter than most of the fresh hop beers we tried , with a caramel flavors with a citrus twist .	Wet hop beers are made with hops that have n't been sent to a drying kiln Brewers make special brews with wet hops to celebrate the agricultural origins of beer Called "  freshies , " these beers tend to be made in limited batches in the fall Fresh hop cones provide a more grassy and juicy aroma and flavor to beer
Sunset  -- The first thing Laura Slipak says when I drag my stressed self into the chill lobby of the Mod Resort , her Austin Powers-chic hotel in Palm Desert : "  Oh , dear . " The mood is mod and the art is amazing . And you do n't even need a car to enjoy it . The second thing she says : "  I think someone needs a Mod-tini . " Yeah , baby . I 've just suffered through two-plus hours of Inland Empire gridlock so that I can unwind in the desert , and I plan to ditch my car for the weekend  if not , alas , forever  . Which is why I 've come to Palm Desert . Not only does it do the whole midcentury modern thing perfectly , but of all California 's desert resorts , it 's also probably the most pedestrian - and bike-friendly . Sunset.com : Top 10 dream towns The Mod is just a three-minute walk to the glittery shopping and dining street El Paseo , and a short bike ride away from everything else I 'm interested in checking out this weekend . That includes galleries , a recently unveiled collection of California landscape paintings at the Living Desert museum , and the new Eric Johnson Memorial Gardens  named after the "  desert landscape guru of the Coachella Valley , " who was also a former garden editor for Sunset  . Then again , if Laura offers me one more of her mood-altering apple martinis , I might just park myself beside the salt-water pool and spend the rest of the afternoon meditating on the cerulean water . Sculptures , cycles and cactus Not to worry . After a mind-clearing dip in the pool , it 's a sunset walk to downtown Palm Desert to scope out the town 's public art , beginning with freshly installed sculptures rising out of the El Paseo median against a backdrop of rust-colored mountains . The air is as dry as chalk , the fading desert light gallery-perfect for pondering a 25-foot-long piece pairing an iridescent hummingbird with a damselfly . In the morning , it 's a five-minute stroll to Funseekers to rent a bike . Okay , it would have taken five minutes if I had n't diverted up the block to take a look at the black-and-white midcentury modern house of William Boyd  better known as Hopalong Cassidy  and then dropped in at the Desert Art Collection & Sculpture Garden , a very cool gallery with a large courtyard set with sculptures amid palm trees , cactus and bougainvillea . At Funseekers , I 'm feeling conflicted . Not only does it have all sorts of bikes to rent , but it also offers Segways and mopeds . Still , I 've pledged to be fume-free this weekend , so I opt for a hybrid bicycle and power a mile and a half up a bike lane along Portola Avenue to the Living Desert , where I 'm just in time for the docent-led tour of paintings of woodlands , seascapes and deserts . My favorite : Granville Redmond 's "  Cloudy Day at Monterey , " from the early 1900s . Later , I ride the length of El Paseo to the Eric Johnson Memorial Gardens , an oasis of curving paths that take you past gurgling waterfalls , cactus-covered sand dunes and a shaded rock-wall canyon . If I could somehow get Laura to deliver one of her Mod-tinis here , I could just chill out all afternoon . No matter . After dropping my bike off , I hoof it to Pacifica Seafood Restaurant , known for its fresh fish and its vodka bar -- 130 kinds from 19 countries -- where vodka martinis are $ 6 all night long . Perfect . Even better , it 's a short walk back to the resort . 48 hours in Palm Desert Friday : Check into the Mod Resort  from $ 169  , owned by a fashion designer from Malibu . Enjoy a killer margarita on the patio at Armando 's Dakota Bar & Grill  average entrées $ 13 - $ 20 ; 73-260 El Paseo ; 760/346 -0744  . Saturday : Check out the Desert Art Collection & Sculpture Garden  free ; 45350 San Luis Rey Ave.  . Then rent a bike  from $ 25 per day  or a moped  from $ 62 per day  at Funseekers  73-865 State 111 ; 760/340 -3861  and ride down El Paseo , making a stop at Imago Galleries  45-450 State 74 ; 760/776 -9890  , which , with its blue-chip artists , is practically the MOMA of the desert . The nearby Palm Desert Visitor Center  72-567 State 111 ; 760/568 -1441  is a good place to pick up bike-trail maps and explore the surrounding Eric Johnson Memorial Gardens  free  , a multisensory setting of desert plantings . The Gardens on El Paseo  73-545 El Paseo  , an open-air shopping plaza , has a number of excellent dining spots , including Sullivan 's Steakhouse  average entrées over $ 31 ; 760/341 -3560  , for steaks and jazz , and Pacifica Seafood Restaurant  average entrées $ 21 - $ 30 ; 760/674 -8666  , for oysters on the half-shell and cheap martinis . Sunday : At the Living Desert  $ 13 ; 47900 Portola Ave. ; 760/346 -5694  , mornings are a good time to catch the young animals -- like Maliki , a giraffe calf born in May -- at their most active . But first check for the next docent-led tour  11 -- 3 ; no set times  of 50 California landscape paintings . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2008 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Palm Desert is a pedestrian - and biker-friendly town The Living Desert museum holds a collection of California landscape paintings Pacifica Seafood Restaurant is known for its fresh fish and its vodka bar
It is a parent 's worst nightmare : Your child goes to school , never to return home . Scores of Nigerians are living that horrific reality after 230 schoolgirls were abducted , allegedly by Boko Haram , under the cover of darkness on April 16 . Of the hundreds of girls herded into vehicles , only 43 have escaped . And as their parents wait and hope , the government is grappling with an Islamist terror group that has gotten more brazen . So has its abductions of women and girls in northern Nigeria , the region most affected by the insurgency . Why does Boko Haram kidnap girls ? The Islamist militants ' name translates to "  Western education is a sin " in the local language . The group especially opposes the education of women . Under its version of Sharia law , women should be at home raising children and looking after their husbands , not at school learning to read and write . It has repeatedly targeted places of learning in deadly attacks that have highlighted its fundamental philosophy against education . The spate of kidnappings began in May 2013 when Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau announced in a video that this was part of its latest bloody campaign . The kidnappings , he said , were retaliation for Nigerian security forces nabbing the wives and children of group members . Those kidnapped , he said , would begin a new life as a "  servant . " Has it kidnapped girls and women before ? Yes . In November , the militant group abducted dozens of Christian women , most of whom were later rescued by the military deep in a forest in Maiduguri . At the time of their rescue , some were pregnant or had children , and others had been forcibly converted to Islam and married off to their kidnappers . Rights groups have said Boko Haram has kidnapped girls as young as 12 . And the abductions are only getting worse . In the first two months of this year alone , it kidnapped at least 25 girls and women , according to Human Rights Watch . What does it do with the women ? The group is always on the move to escape an intensified crackdown by the government , and members leave their wives behind when they scamper into hideouts deep into the forests . Some girls and women are kidnapped to take the place of wives , and perform chores and sexual services , according to rights groups . Does it target any particular schools ? Those abducted are both Christian and Muslim students enrolled in secular schools . Not all cases involve kidnappings , however . Gun and bombing attacks on schools have killed hundreds of children in recent years . In February , the Nigerian military blamed Boko Haram for killing at least 29 students in an attack on a federal college in Buni Yadi in Yobe state . Another bloody example came last July , when 20 students and a teacher were fatally gunned down in the same state . What are the chances the girls kidnapped recently will be rescued ? It wo n't be easy . For one , the hundreds of girls seized most recently from the high school in Chibok were not in a central location where the government has a firm grip . The school is about 80 miles  130 kilometers  west of Maiduguri and some 600 miles from the capital of Abuja . Where exactly they went from there is unknown . The area where they are believed to be is remote and heavily forested . It 's also close to Cameroon , which means that the captives and captors could slip through the porous borders into nearby countries , including Chad or Niger . And the large number of hostages may limit Nigeria 's options . That means airstrikes employed in the past may not be possible , lest they kill captives in the process . A ground assault is n't a great option either -- not when it is done in unfamiliar terrain against entrenched , well-armed fighters . Who started Boko Haram ? Mohammed Yusuf , a charismatic young cleric , founded the group 12 years ago as part of his push for a pure Islamic state in Nigeria . He was killed in 2009 , but his group lived on . Boko Haram became more violent after his death as his supporters vowed to strike back . Human Rights Watch estimates that in the past five years , more than 3,000 people have been killed in the violence . Its targets include government buildings , police barracks , newspaper offices , village markets , churches and mosques . Is the group tied to al Qaeda ? The U.S. says the militant group has links to the al Qaeda affiliate in West Africa and to extremist groups in Mali . How closely related Boko Haram is to al Qaeda is hard to define . In one respect , at least , the groups are on par : As of November , they are part of the U.S. State Department 's list of terrorist organizations . Ansaru , an offshot of Boko Haram , is on the same list . What does Boko Haram want ? It says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . In recent years , its attacks have intensified in an apparent show of defiance amid the nation 's military onslaught . Its ambitions appear to have expanded to the destruction of the Nigerian government . The northeast , where Boko Haram has been most active , is economically depressed and among the least educated regions in Nigeria . Islamists view the most powerful people there as corrupt , and accuses them siphoning off Nigeria 's considerable natural resources and assets . Despite its vast supply of oil and natural gas , the World Bank says that about 54 % of Nigeria 's population can be considered "  extremely poor . " What is Nigeria doing to combat the group ? Last year , President Goodluck Jonathan declared a state of emergency in three northeastern states -- Borno , Yobe and Adamawa . This declaration gave the nation 's security forces wide latitude to go after suspected terrorists . But rights groups have accused Nigeria of going too far in using heavy-handed tactics such as illegal searches , torture and extrajudicial killings . The government 's stepped-up campaign may have emboldened Boko Haram to become even more violent . Amnesty estimates that at least 1,500 people -- more than half of them civilians -- died in the first three months of 2014 . "  The escalation of violence in northeastern Nigeria in 2014 has developed into a situation of non-international armed conflict in which all parties are violating international humanitarian law , " said Netsanet Belay , an official with that rights group . "  Civilians are paying a heavy price as the cycle of violations and reprisals gather momentum . " The campaign has heightened some Nigerians ' skepticism of their government . Some complain the wide array of criminal activity pinned on Boko Haram gives authorities liberties to make arrests or use deadly force with little oversight or consequences . In Nigeria , the mass abduction of schoolgirls is n't shocking Boko Haram victim : I cried for someone to help me , but no one would come	Officials : 187 schoolgirls who were kidnapped from a school in Nigeria remain captive The abduction is blamed on Boko Haram The group 's name means "  Western education is sin " Rights groups say that the Islamist group has kidnapped girls and women before
CNN  -- A group of architects gathered in Oxford , England last month with an unusual brief -- to design the ultimate dream home for bats . The winged mammals are valued from an ecological viewpoint for preying on insects , dispersing seeds and pollination . But their numbers have declined dramatically in North America , where a fungal disease called white nose syndrome is estimated to have killed more than 5.5 million . In the United Kingdom , the fungus has yet to appear , but habitat destruction remains a major threat . Policy-makers in the UK have stepped in to protect bat populations , criminalizing any interference with their roosts , even if no bats are currently present . "  If you have bats roosting in your building , you ca n't disturb them in any way without getting a special license , " says Kelly Gunnell , Built Environment Officer with the Bat Conservation Trust , a charitable organization in London , England . Those who interfere with a roost risk a fine of $ 7,800 per bat , and up to six months in prison -- although Gunnell says no one has been sent to prison yet . The new , three-hour course , offered by the Royal Institute of British Architects in conjunction with the Bat Conservation Trust , is intended to educate architects about bats , teaching participants the ideal size , access points , temperature , materials and location for bat roosts . "  They need to design these spaces which are biodiversity-friendly , but they 're not ecologists , " explains Gunnell . "  This gives them a basic introduction to their life cycle , when they breed , and their requirements for roosting . " Bats prefer to roost in natural features like trees and caves , but as development has made those environments scarcer , some species have adapted to urban areas . "  Only about half the bats here regularly use buildings as roosts , although nearly all of them will use them at some stage , " says Gunnell . "  Unfortunately , with a lot of people doing loft conversions and barn conversions , that 's had a huge impact . Bats only have one young a year , and they do n't have them every year , so if they were using your roof loft as their maternity roost and you knocked down the building or put in a loft extension , it would wipe out that whole population . " Research ship finds the world 's oceans are ` plasticized ' Bats present several logistical challenges for designers . English bats are tiny , with the smallest species , the pipistrelle , able to fit into a matchbox . "  They can squeeze into the smallest places , " says Gunnell . "  Literally , if you can put your finger into a gap , a bat can get in there . " They have varying space requirements . Some species prefer tight spaces like cavities under roof piles , others need more space , like that found in attics . All bats need darkness and warmth . A problem for both builders and bat conservationists is the widespread use in modern buildings of "  breathable roofing membranes " , a type of insulating textile which allows air vapor to escape . Roosting bats can get fatally entangled in the fibers , which degrades the roofing membranes , invalidating their guarantees . Solar panels present another issue . "  It 's very preliminary , but there seems to be evidence that when you put solar panels on your roof , it can increase the internal roof void temperature , which can be disturbing to bats , " says Gunnell . Charles Barclay , who has an architecture practice in South London , has built a bespoke bat barn that was shortlisted for a sustainability award by the British Architect 's Journal last year . Wine turbine creates water from thin air While demolishing a 100-year-old brick farmhouse in Suffolk , England , a maternity roost for brown long-eared bats was found in the attic . This meant Barclay had to provide a new roost , which took six weeks more than $ 70,000 to complete . His design incorporates a downward-angled port where bats can enter , leading to a 34mm-wide chute with roughened timber walls which they can crawl up to gain access to an attic 10.5 m long and 3m high at the apex . Once the barn was finished , the sleeping bats were put into a soft bag by an ecology consultant , and delivered to awaken in their new home . "  He also transferred their droppings , so they could smell a bat-friendly area , " Barclay says . Although the Suffolk bats appear to have taken up residence , Gunnell says there 's never any guarantee that such solutions will work . "  The problem we have is that , even if you take everything into account for the bats , they often just wo n't use the space you 've created , " says Gunnell . "  Or , if they do , it can take them up to five years . " She continued : "  A few years ago we had a bat house design competition . They got architects involved and built a bat house at the London Wetlands Centre . That 's quite a nicely designed bat house , but two years on , it 's never been used by bats . Sometimes you can do everything absolutely right , and it still wo n't be used . "	A new course aims to teach architects how to accommodate bats UK legislation protects bats and their roosts , with fines and jail time for offenders Bats can get tangled in some modern roofing insulation Some English bats are small enough to fit into a matchbox
New York  CNN  -- A smartphone or tablet feature high on your holiday list this year ? How about a robot instead ? Cynthia Breazeal , head of the Personal Robots Group at the MIT Media Lab , is launching a crowd funding campaign that will let you buy exactly that . What is being billed as the first family robot -- Jibo -- is on the way . At $ 499 for consumers and $ 599 for developers , the price is in line with a high-end smartphone . But Jibo is intended to be so much more . Breazeal , who has pioneered work in making robots more social and interactive , believes Jibo can be an organizer , an education tool , even assist elderly family members . "  Jibo is this helpful presence that helps support your family , your human network , to be more efficient and feel more connected , " says Breazeal . We got a chance to meet Jibo and see a demo of what he can do . It is a big leap from the likes of Siri , which most of us are used to . As a mom , I loved the fact it can snap pictures -- finally I will be in some ! The reminder functions would be great for my busy family and I also think kids will engage . I spent time with Breazeal in her lab this week and I was amazed to see the way small children respond to robot interaction , as opposed to a learning app which they can tire of quickly . There is , however , much Jibo ca n't do yet , so keep your expectations in check . Jibo does not think independently . He is not going to be your personal butler , or dinner date . If you order Jibo now you are getting a prototype , which by definition means not everything will work the way you hope . This rollout is intended for those who want to help refine Jibo . The software running the robot is an open developer platform and Breazeal and her team fully expect that community to come up with novel ideas that will help Jibo mature . I , for one , hope someone can make Jibo mobile . Right now , he spins but ca n't follow you around the house . But if you 're are ready to embrace the robot revolution and invite one into your family , Jibo says he wants to meet you too .	Jibo , a personal robot , has been launched by robotics pioneer Cynthia Breazeal The robot is designed to be an organizer , educator and assist family members CNN 's Maggie Lake met him and says she was impressed with his skills But the Jibo up for grabs is just a prototype -- so do n't expect too much
If you 're a business traveler in Europe , you 'll no doubt have complained at length about the regions ' airlines , be it the cost of a plane ticket , the quality of the food or the delays . It 's natural to feel hard done-by . If it 's any consolation , however , you 're not the only one grumbling at the unfairness of it all . According to the IATA  International Air Transport Association  2013 is expected to be another profitless year for the European airline industry . Tony Tyler , IATA 's director general and CEO , argues that the industry is "  balancing on a knife edge " with even the sturdiest and more established airlines feeling the pressure . You only have to look at the profits forecast for the year to see how behind we really are . According to the Association of European Airlines , the sector is expected to lose $ 1.5 billion this year . U.S. carriers however , are expected to fare better and post profits totalling $ 3.4 billion . Tyler argues this disparity is in part down to sluggish economic growth in Europe ; crucially , however , it can also be impacted by what he calls "  onerous " EU regulation and legislation . As an example , he cites delays : "  There can be delays absolutely outside the control of the airline , but the airline still has to not only compensate the passenger but also to meet a whole lot of costs of those delays for passengers . " The additional costs do n't end there either : air traffic control costs are roughly double in Europe than they are in the United States . The costs vary on land too . Europe 's economic crisis has meant some governments have increased airport operating charges . In an opinion piece in Spain 's El Pais , Tony Tyler argues that European airlines face "  significant hurdles to sustained profitability , starting with the cost of airport and airways infrastructure . " Spain 's Madrid and Barcelona airports are a case in point : there , Tyler says , airlines have seen a 50 % increase in charges . Despite cutting legacy costs through mergers , consolidation and restructuring , European carriers are still facing the heavy hand of regulation and government , adds Tyler . "  Just look at what 's happening now in Spain with Iberia for example ; very difficult to do the necessary restructuring in that environment " . Tyler is referring to battle between IAG  International Airlines Group  and the Spanish government . Whilst IAG 's Chief Executive , Willie Walsh , wants to cut jobs and restructure the loss-making airline , the Spanish government is wary of a shrinking brand Iberia , which it argues is closely associated with ` brand España ' . Speaking to me from Geneva , Tony Tyler called on governments to do more to help European carriers . He argues they can start by helping to control cost , by adding more runways , and repelling "  some of the excessively onerous consumer protection regulation . " In his words , to make Europe 's airlines more competitive , government needs "  to back off . " But in a time of great economic crisis in Europe , where each country is facing their own internal struggle , backing off may just be too painful for government .	Tyler called on governments to do more to help European carriers , writes Soares Tyler argues that European airlines face "  significant hurdles to sustained profitability " IATA CEO Tyler says , airlines have seen a 50 % increase in charges
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A suicide bomber dressed in a military uniform set off a blast that killed more than 100 soldiers Monday , authorities said , in what appears to be the deadliest attack ever on troops in Yemen . It left at least 101 dead and more than 220 injured , with some in critical condition , authorities said . "  The war on terror will continue until it is completely destroyed regardless of the sacrifices , " President Abdrabuh Mansur Hadi said in a statement carried by state news agency Saba . More than an hour after the attack , there were still bodies at the blood-spattered scene , and some ambulances responding to the blast took six or seven victims each , an official said . "  We heard a massive explosion . Minutes later , there were so many emergency vehicles , it seems as if hundreds were injured , " said resident Ali al-Husseini , who was near the attack . A Yemeni official in Washington said it was too early to know who was responsible but that suicide attacks are "  the hallmark of al Qaeda . " The partially lawless Middle Eastern country has become a central battleground in the fight against al Qaeda , with the terror network 's leader calling recently for an uprising against the new president . 21 dead in Yemen al Qaeda clashes The Yemeni branch of the group calls itself al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Monday 's blast targeted a military parade rehearsal in Sabeen Square in the capital Sanaa , said Mohammed Albasha , a spokesman the Yemeni Embassy in Washington . The attack took place about 200 meters  218 yards  from the presidential palace . No one immediately claimed responsibility . The country 's defense minister , Mohammed Nasser Ahmed , and military chief of staff Ahmed al-Ashwal were in the area but far from the site of the attack itself , and were unharmed , officials said . The president fired top security officials , including a nephew of the former president , after the attack . Official : Ex-Yemeni President Saleh hospitalized Gen. Ammar Saleh was sacked as director of the National Security Bureau , said a Yemeni official who is not authorized to speak to the media . He is being replaced by Maj. Gen. Mohammed Jameh al-Khadar . Saleh may keep a second and more important post as first deputy for national security . The head of central security , Abdul Malik al-Tayyeb , was fired by presidential decree after the attack . He is being replaced by Fadhl al-Qosi . The soldiers were preparing for Tuesday 's National Day of Unification ceremonies when they were attacked . The day celebrates the union of South Yemen and North Yemen on May 22 , 1990 , to form Yemen . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attack and called for the perpetrators to be held accountable . "  The secretary-general calls on all in Yemen to reject the use of violence in all its forms and manifestations , and expects them  to  play a full and constructive role in implementing Yemen 's political Transition Agreement , " a statement from his office said . Abdul Latif al-Zayani , secretary general of the Gulf Cooperation Council , called Hadi to express condolences , Saba reported . "  Al-Zayani stressed that the GCC States will spare no effort to back Yemen in order to achieve the desired stability and development , " Saba said . Monday 's attack came a day after three American contractors working with Yemen 's coast guard were wounded in a shooting in the port city of Hodeida , two local security officials said . One person has been arrested in the attack , the sources said . Last week , al Qaeda 's leader called for the Yemeni people to rise up against the country 's new president , portraying him as the stooge of the unpopular former president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , and the United States . "  So , Ali Abdallah Saleh is gone , and his successor Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi has taken over , " al Qaeda 's chief commander Ayman al-Zawahiri said in a video posted on jihadist forums . Saleh , who led Yemen for 30 years , relinquished power last year after an extended popular uprising in a transition agreement that was supported by the United States . Hadi was Saleh 's vice president , and al Qaeda has exploited the connection to stir resentment against the new government . Last year , Ansaar al-Sharia , an offshoot of al Qaeda , took over the majority of districts in the southern Abyan province , benefiting from the political turmoil in the country . Numerous military bases were evacuated , making it easier for the militant groups to grow in power and territory . On Sunday , fierce clashes between government troops and al Qaeda fighters left 21 people dead , two local security officials said . The officials said the violence erupted when hundreds of troops attempted to sweep through areas around the district of Jaar , the main stronghold for al Qaeda in Abyan province . Al Qaeda fighters fought back , kicking off clashes that continued for nine hours , the officials said . Fourteen militants and seven troops were killed in the fighting , they said . Government forces have been battling fighters loyal to the local branch of al Qaeda for more than a year , but not made lasting headway . The United States has carried out dozens of drone strikes against militants in Yemen , including the radical American-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who was killed in September . U.S. officials said last month they had foiled a plot to bring down a U.S.-bound aircraft with a device that originated in Yemen . The plot was brought to authorities ' attention by a mole who infiltrated al Qaeda , a source in the region told CNN . The mole works for Saudi intelligence , which has cooperated with the CIA for years , the source said . Information from the mole also led to a drone strike this month that killed Fahd al Quso , 37 , whom the U.S. considered a senior operative of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemns the attack A blast Monday killed more than 100 , wounded more than 200 , offiicials said The president fires top security officials , including a nephew of the former president Yemen is a central battleground in the fight against al Qaeda
New York  CNN  -- The United States and China could play a crucial role in helping finally to resolve the conflict that plagues the Korean Peninsula , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . In one of the most violent incidents in decades , North Korea shelled a South Korean island Tuesday , killing four people . North Korea accused the South of provoking the shelling of Yeonpyeong Island by holding a military exercise in the Yellow Sea . And South Korea responded by charging that the North 's actions were a "  definite military provocation . " In an interview with CNN , Zakaria said a long-term solution to the Korean conflict would require high-level secret talks aimed at assuring the government of China that if the two Koreas were reunified , it would not be faced with a nuclear-armed U.S. ally on its border . He said China "  has the power to make the North Koreans pay a very , very high price were they not to listen to the Chinese , because the Chinese provide the vital food and fuel that keeps the country alive . Remember , this is a country with almost no indigenous economic activity , and so it would be very difficult for them to meet their most vital supply needs . " "  The Chinese have a lot of influence . They have so far been very careful to apply some pressure , but they have almost never cut off food or fuel -- except for a day or two when they have really wanted to send a strong signal , and , by the way when they have done that , it 's worked , it gets the North Koreans ' attention . " The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Tuesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : What 's the significance of North Korea 's actions ? Fareed Zakaria : I think it 's very worrying , very troubling . Combined with the sinking of that South Korean ship , it is the most provocative thing the North Koreans have done in years in terms of instigating hostilities . The regime is unpredictable but ruthless , and we know that the South Koreans are feeling some substantial pressure to respond in some way , and then you have all the other great powers in the region watching anxiously . The whole thing has the potential to spiral out of control . CNN : Do you think it 's connected to the succession process in North Korea ? Zakaria : I think that 's probably the most plausible theory that I 've heard . They 're clearly going through a succession process . It appears to be one that is fairly complex -- there are different factions that are being accommodated or tussled with . Sometimes it feels like something out of a Shakespearean play where the aging king is appointing his dauphin as the successor , but there will be a regent who will actually administer , and by the way his sister has just been made a four-star general in the army . But outside that kind of theatrics what it suggests is that the family is trying to consolidate power , that there is perhaps some opposition in some quarters , perhaps in the military , perhaps in other quarters . And by creating an external diversion , the regime is trying to consolidate power and unify the various parts of the government . But one has to admit , this is just a theory . The regime is a black box ; we have so little contact that nobody really knows . CNN : There 's been a suggestion by some that North Korea is really hoping to force the issue about getting direct talks with the United States rather than be part of a six-nation diplomatic process . Zakaria : I do n't buy the idea that people send you these signals by killing soldiers , sinking warships , sinking ships . If the North Koreans want to talk to the Americans , they can ask to talk to the Americans , and they could ask to do it within the six-party talks ; they could ask outside the framework ; they could bring that up -- the issue of bilateral talks with the Americans in the six-party talks . Do they really have to kill the South Koreans to make that point ? I think this idea of brutal violence as some kind of sophisticated signaling device strikes me as highly unlikely . Far more likely is that this is a pretty thuggish regime that is consolidating power by creating external threats and enemies , but we probably should be open to any signs that they do want to have negotiation . I myself doubt that this is the moment that they want to do anything . They know that that door is open ; the president has a very capable emissary , Stephen Bosworth , who is his envoy on this topic , very well-versed in this issue , former ambassador to South Korea , and my sense is that the North Koreans have not reached out to him . CNN : Bosworth made a statement that he talked to the Chinese about this , but it did n't seem like there was any special progress on that front . Zakaria : The Chinese have been pretty helpful on managing the situation , making sure that it does n't spiral out of control , but we have n't been able to get to the next level with the Chinese , which is to say that the Chinese sustain this regime . The Chinese provide about 90 percent of their energy and about 40 percent of their food aid . It 's pretty reasonable to say that without Chinese support their regime would collapse , but the Chinese have legitimate concerns about what the future of the Korean Peninsula would look like if there were a North Korean implosion . There is in their minds the kind of scenario in which Korea unifies on the South 's terms and becomes a unified much larger nation sitting on China 's border with American troops in the unified Korea , with an American security alliance , and by the way with nuclear weapons . They would view it as a kind of threatening or destabilizing presence . And so I think that is what makes the Chinese very reluctant to do anything that would cause the regime to implode or cause the regime to start a downward spiral . I think what needs to happen at some point , is that the United States and Beijing need to engage in a very high-level and very secret conversation about the future of the Korean Peninsula -- a conversation in which the United States should make certain informal or perhaps even formal guarantees regarding the role of nuclear weapons on the peninsula and the nature of American troop deployments . ... We should make clear that we would denuclearize Korea or we would encourage the South Koreans to denuclearize Korea , and then we would not move the troops that we have north of the North/South border . CNN : This is all in the event of a unification ? Zakaria : Right , so we make clear that in the event of a unification we understand the Chinese concern , and we would try to respond to it , without obviously in any way jeopardizing the historical relationship with South Korea . Unless we have some kind of long-term strategic conversation with the Chinese about what the future of the Korean Peninsula would look like , they do n't have an incentive to in any way push the North Koreans . So we 've got to get into a conversation with them to say , "  We understand your problem . We should talk about those concerns now , and would you be willing to get tough on North Korean nukes and North Korean behavior ? " CNN : Here 's a different view , which some have raised -- what is the United States doing in Korea decades and decades after the end of the hostilities , and should the U.S. stay indefinitely ? Zakaria : Well , I think that 's very shortsighted . Look , I am in general someone who believes the United States is overcommitted around the world . I believe we have to draw down and pare back many of our commitments , but I think maintaining a stabilizing role in Korea is absolutely crucial . The center of power is shifting to Asia , and Korea is probably the single place in Asia where there 's the greatest potential for a war between the great powers -- Russia , China , South Korea , North Korea , Japan , all get involved in this . So for the United States to be able to play a constructive role will be absolutely vital to its ability to be a Pacific power , to be in what is now the new geo-economic cockpit of the world . I think there is a perfectly reasonable case to be made to have us draw down in places like Germany , where the threat to American security is nonexistent , to draw down from Iraq and the Middle East to where we have an overly large military presence , but Korea is a vital national interest of the United States , and I think that the major players in the region , particularly South Korea , strongly want an American presence there .	Fareed Zakaria : China has tremendous influence over North Korea He says China supplies much of the North 's vital supplies and can play a positive role Zakaria says U.S. needs to work secretly with China to bring an end to conflict He says U.S. assurances could go long way toward gaining Chinese OK for reunification
CNN  -- On Friday , the Sayreville High School football team was supposed to host a rival team in a homecoming game . But instead of taking the field , seven Sayreville , New Jersey , players were taken into custody , arrested and charged in flagrant sexual assaults on younger players . Many have referred to the incident as pervasive locker room "  hazing . " What allegedly happened is n't just hazing , it 's rape . "  It would start with a howling noise from a senior football player at Sayreville War Memorial High School , and then the locker room lights were abruptly shut off , " NJ Advance Media reported  citing information from the parent of one victim  . "  In the darkness , a freshman football player would be pinned to the locker-room floor , his arms and feet held down by multiple upperclassmen . Then , the victim would be lifted to his feet " and sexually abused . If that 's not enough to make you sick to your stomach , consider that these attacks allegedly happened several times -- between September 19 and September 29 -- and to four separate victims . Consider that there were dozens of players in these locker rooms who allegedly witnessed the rapes and hazing and did nothing to stop , report or thwart them . One bright spot in this horrific story is Dr. Richard Labbe , the superintendent who acted swiftly and definitively . On October 2 , when a parent and student first reported the alleged assaults , the superintendent immediately canceled and forfeited that evening 's football game because of a "  serious and unforeseen circumstances . " Over the next couple of days , more information came to light , prompting Labbe to cancel the entire season because of "  incidences of harassment , intimidation and bullying as constituted by the definition within the anti-bullying statute that took place on a pervasive level . " His decision was unanimously upheld by the board of education . The only thing more disgusting than these allegations are the reactions of the parents in Sayreville who showed up at the board of education meeting to protest . You only need to read the comments of the mom of one football captain who was questioned by police to understand just how whacked some people are . As she sees it : "  No one was hurt . No one died . I do n't understand why they 're being punished . I think that the forfeited game was punishment enough . " Seems the denial among some parents is just as pervasive as the crimes going on in the locker rooms . To the parents complaining about lost scholarship opportunities , the fact is that if these charges are true , your son does n't deserve a scholarship ; he deserves jail time . Among the litany of charges , three of the players are charged with aggravated sexual assault , which carries a five-year sentence if convicted in juvenile court . However , the prosecutor could charge all or some of the players as adults , which would mean substantially more prison time , leave them with criminal records and require their registration as sexual offenders . So far , Labbe has handled this crisis flawlessly . So what should he do next ? 1 . Fire the entire football coaching staff . Many parents are standing by head coach George Najjar , who has brought home multiple championships and run the football program for 20 years . He may win on the field , but he is a loser as a leader . Either he and his staff are grossly negligent for not knowing what was happening , or they knew and did nothing . Either way , it 's appalling . What was allegedly going on in their locker rooms is what you 'd expect from a street gang or a prison yard , not a high school football team . The coach and his staff are responsible for the safety and well-being of their players and by allowing 60 to 70 high school boys to be repeatedly unsupervised in a locker room , the coaching staff put these freshman players in harm 's way . 2 . Cancel next season , too . Culture takes a long time to change , unless it 's forced to change . There was a pervasive abusive culture in that Sayreville locker room , and my hunch is it 's been happening for years . You need to send a message to the players , the parents , the victims and the entire community that this will not be tolerated . And for those players who were n't "  involved , " guess what : If you knew about the hazing and did nothing , you were "  involved " and should feel the sting of punishment , too . Sports commentator Shannon Sharpe said something very powerful about the hazing incident involving former Miami Dolphins player Richie Incognito , who was suspended after allegations of pervasive racial harassment of Jonathan Martin . Referring to the players who witnessed the alleged hazing , Sharpe said : "  If you allow Richie Incognito to walk around  the locker room  and use a racial epithet , that all black Americans know the stigma and hate and vitriol that comes with that word -- if you allow him to do that , you 're encouraging him to do that . " To change culture , the message must be clear : Abuse , bullying and hazing will not be tolerated at Sayreville , and neither will indifference . 3 . Find the truth , the whole truth . The truth will come out . Prosecutors will be calling every player in individually for questioning . Players will be asked under oath about the howling , turning off the lights , holding victims down , who did what , how often , whether there were videos or photos . We are at the beginning of this story , because I am certain it did n't start with this season . A locker room does not go from towel snapping to anal rape overnight . I can only wonder what was done to the seven boys who were arrested when they were freshmen in that locker room . It does n't excuse their alleged actions if they were victims of similar crimes , but it does help explain why it happened -- perhaps they were taught to do it . If that 's the case , they were once victims , too , and it should be part of the facts considered when the courts determine their fate . And to the heroes in this story , the student victims who came forward : Our hearts go out to you , and we are all moved by your courage . It 's extremely difficult to stand up to abuse , and there 's no doubt you saved future students from the same horrible fate . Your parents must be so very proud of you for having the guts to ask for help . I hope you are also proud of yourselves . Strength of character is a much more valuable asset in life than winning a football game will ever be .	Sayreville football players are accused of sexual assault against freshmen Mel Robbins : School superintendent was right to cancel the football season Coaches must be held accountable , even if they did n't know what was happening , she says Robbins : Practices like this happen over years , so attackers may have been victims themselves
CNN  Eight crew members are missing after a cargo vessel overturned off the coast of Scotland , the Royal National Lifeboat Institution said late Saturday . The search for the crew was suspended Sunday night with no sign of them , the Maritime & Coastguard Agency said . A search operation that included a helicopter , coast guard rescue teams and a fixed-wing aircraft was unsuccessful , the agency said . The coast guard in Shetland was notified at 2:30 p.m. that the hull of the Cemfjord was found 11 miles east of Pentland Skerries , the RNLI said . Photographs showed the vessel in a vertical position , one end jutting from the water . Meanwhile , 25 crew members were airlifted from a boat that ran aground off the coast of southern England , below Southampton , the Maritime & Coastguard Agency reported . Helicopters lifted the crew from the car carrier , which listed dramatically to one side . The ship ran aground on Bramble Bank near the Isle of Wight .	Search suspended for 8 missing crew members of a ship 25 crew members airlifted after car carrier runs aground off southern England 's coast
CNN  -- It was an exciting day for Laura Dominguez and her 11-year-old daughter Paulina . They were summoned to their parish , the Saint Cosme and Damian Church in Mexico City to pick up the equivalent of a jackpot for Mexican Catholics : tickets to attend a mass presided by the pope in Gunajuato , about four hours from Mexico City . Dominguez , a 40-year-old Mexican Red Cross paramedic was elated . "  It 's very exciting . It 's incredible . I never imagined I was going to get the opportunity to attend , " Dominguez said . Pope Benedict XVI will travel to Mexico for the first time Friday . This is also his first visit to Spanish-speaking Latin America in his seven-year pontificate . Mexico boasts the second-largest population of Catholics in the world after Brazil , a country the pope visited in 2007  Brazil 's predominant language is Portuguese  . He also visited the United States in 2008 . But Benedict 's trip will likely be overshadowed by his deceased predecessor , Pope John Paul II . Barely a week before Benedict 's arrival , an exhibit to honor John Paul opened in Mexico City . The exhibit , entitled "  John Paul II in Private , " is at Mexico City 's Palacio de los Deportes  Sports Palace  . It includes 200 personal items used by John Paul throughout his life and papacy . Exhibit organizer Karla Betanzo de la Rosa says they 're expecting as many as 300,000 visitors in the three months the exhibit will last . It ends June 15 . Betanzo is also an admirer of the late pontiff , who first visited Mexico in 1979 . "  It was such a magnetic energy that you could feel whenever he was around really . It would just transform the people when he visited , " Betanzo said . John Paul 's shoes , which are also part of the exhibit , are indeed big shoes to fill . Mexico was the first country he visited in 1979 , shortly after becoming pope . He would visit four more times in 1990 , 1993 , 1999 and 2002 , traveling to 12 of Mexico 's 31 states . Mexican Catholics called the Polish pontiff "  Mexico 's pope . " John Paul was an energetic 58-year-old when he first arrived in Mexico in 1979 . The Rev. JosÃ © de JesÃºs Aguilar , spokesman with the Mexico City Archdiocese , says it 's just a matter of time before Mexican Catholics learn to love Benedict . "  When John Paul came to Mexico for the first time nobody knew him . It was only after getting to know him that people started loving him . Therefore , we should n't jump to conclusions . Let us welcome Benedict to this land and show him that Mexicans are good hosts , " Aguilar says . A survey conducted by Demotecnia , a national polling firm , found that more than three-quarters of Mexican Catholics are not excited by the visit or less excited than they were when the previous pope visited . One place the pope will not visit is Mexico City . Benedict is 85 and the city 's high altitude poses a risk to the pope 's health , say Vatican officials . Dominguez still treasures the previous pope 's visits , including to her native Mexico City , but adds , "  There 's no comparison between them ; they 're very different . " "  Pope John Paul loved being close to the people . " Of his decision not to visit Mexico City , Dominguez says , "  I know there 's a lot of conflict right now , but we do n't like the fact that he 's not coming to Mexico City . But I 'm sure he 's a generous man as well . " There 's hope for a renewal of affection in the new generation . Dominguez 's daughter Paulina says she 's really looking forward to the pope 's mass . "  It 's like watching my favorite person , a superhero . " CNN producer Nick Parker in Mexico City contributed to this story .	Pope Benedict XVI will travel to Mexico for the first time Friday First visit to Spanish-speaking Latin America in his seven-year pontificate Barely a week before visit , a Mexican exhibit opens to honor Pope John Paul II
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Rights groups and others have called on Thai authorities and anti-government protesters to respect human rights and avoid violence during mass demonstrations in Thailand 's capital , Bangkok . The People 's Democratic Reform Committee protest group -- which hopes to force Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office -- launched its "  Bangkok shutdown , " intended to last a month , Monday . The protesters plan to achieve their aim by closing seven main intersections in the large and hectic city . They will also surround the houses of Yingluck and some ministers , and they intend to cut off electricity and water supplies at these locations and some government offices . Authorities say eight people have died and 470 have been injured since the protests began in November . Amnesty International warned in a news release Friday that violence could erupt again . "  The situation in Thailand is tense , volatile and unpredictable . There is a real risk of loss of life and injury unless human rights are fully respected , " said Isabelle Arradon , the rights group 's Asia-Pacific deputy director . "  Security forces should ensure that the right to peaceful protest is upheld -- however , they also have a duty to protect the safety of the public . When carrying out their work , law enforcement officials should apply nonviolent means before resorting to the use of force , and always exercise restraint in its use . " Amnesty International also urged protest leaders to "  call on their followers not to commit human rights abuses . " The Thai government has deployed some 15,000 military and police to the capital ahead of the planned shutdown , the rights group said . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said Friday in New York that he had spoken by telephone with Shinawatra and opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiv over the past three days "  in an effort to help them bridge their differences . " Ban said he was "  very concerned that the situation could escalate in the days ahead , " and particularly on Monday . "  I urge all involved to show restraint , avoid provocative acts and settle their differences peacefully , through dialogue , " he said . Vejjajiv has denied being a member of the PDRC protest group , but has appeared on stage and among the crowds at some of their demonstrations . Travel warnings In a bid to cool tensions , Yingluck dissolved the nation 's parliament in December and called for new elections to be held February 2 . Updated info for tourists But the move has done little to appease protesters . They have called on the Prime Minister to step down from her caretaker position and be replaced by an unelected "  people 's council , " which would see through electoral and political reforms . The national Election Commission has urged the government to postpone elections amid the continuing unrest . Dozens of countries have issued travel advisories amid fears the tensions could erupt into violence . The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok has urged U.S. citizens to avoid large gatherings in the city and to ensure they have a stock of cash and essential items in case the situation deteriorates . "  While protests have been generally peaceful over the last two months , some have resulted in injury and death , " its online warning said . "  Even demonstrations that are meant to be peaceful can turn confrontational , and can escalate into violence without warning . " The protest group said that on Monday it would still allow ambulances to pass along the roads it intends to block , and that it would not block access to airports and public transportation . Ambitious goal Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck Shinawatra . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where every election since 2001 has been won by parties affiliated with Thaksin Shinawatra , a billionaire who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland . Thaksin Shinawatra was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The recent protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck Shinawatra 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse her of being nothing more than her brother 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . Opposition to Thaksin and Yingluck Shinawatra is strongest among the urban elites and middle class , particularly in Bangkok . Thaksin Shinawatra 's traditional support comes from the populous rural areas of north and northeast Thailand . His supporters , known as "  red shirts , " plan to hold demonstrations in various places in Thailand , but not the capital or south of the country , on Sunday . They support the holding of elections on February 2 . CNN 's Kocha Alarn reported from Bangkok and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Anna-Maja Rappard contributed to this report .	Amnesty International urges Thai authorities to respect human rights during protest Anti-government protesters have said they will shut down Bangkok , starting Monday U.N. Secretary General urges all sides to "  show restraint , avoid provocative acts " Authorities say eight people have died and 470 have been injured since protests began
Educators and Parents : This Educator and Parent Guide is provided for teachers and parents to use as a catalyst for discussion and learning , if they choose to watch this program with their students . CNN provides Educator and Parent Guides for all of its "  In America " programming . CNN Student News  -- Watch or record "  Battle for Blair Mountain : Working in America " when it airs on CNN on Sunday , Aug. 14 at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT . By recording the documentary , you agree that you will use the program for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only . No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted , including , without limitation , any rights to sell , publish , distribute , post online or distribute in any other medium or forum , or use for any commercial or promotional purpose . Program Description : Sharples , West Virginia -- population around 100 people -- is ground zero in the fight over an issue of importance to every American who has ever plugged in a computer , watched a television or taken a hot shower : How should the U.S. mine coal ? About 50 % of U.S. power still comes from burning coal . In West Virginia , over the past few decades , there has been a push for Mountaintop Removal Mining , a destructive yet highly effective form of strip mining that literally blows the tops off of mountains to reach the rich coal seams buried inside . Miners say mountaintop removal projects provide much-needed jobs . Their opponents say the cost of those jobs -- to the environment , the people and the future -- is just too high . There is an intense , enormous struggle going on in tiny Sharples . Soledad O'Brien is there to cover it from all sides in her documentary , "  Battle for Blair Mountain : Working in America . " Recommended grades : 9-12 Subject Areas : Civics/Government , Contemporary Issues , Economics , Environmental Sciences , Health Before-viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to promote discussion before viewing the program . 1 . What do you know about coal mining ? What role do you think that coal mining plays in the U.S. and state economies ? Why do you think that some people might support or oppose using coal as a fuel source ? 2 . What do you think might be the working conditions for a coal miner ? What do you think might be the potential benefits and risks of being a coal miner in America ? 3 . What are some sources of energy other than coal ? In your opinion , what might be the advantages and disadvantages of obtaining and using each of these energy sources ? Post-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to facilitate discussion and critical thinking after watching "  Battle for Blair Mountain : Working in America . " 1 . According to the documentary : What role does coal mining play in the economy and history of southern West Virginia ? How has the coal mining industry shaped the economy of the town of Sharples ? 2 . According to the documentary , approximately what percent of America 's power comes from coal ? What arguments are made in the documentary that either support or oppose the mining of coal ? 3 . What is mountaintop removal mining ? What comparisons are made in the video between mountaintop removal and underground coal mining ? 4 . What is reclamation ? How have coal mining companies used reclamation ? What evidence is shown in the documentary that reclamation does or does not work ? What do you think might be the differences , if any , for the environment between a reclaimed mountaintop and one that has not been disturbed by mining ? 5 . According to the program : What is the significance of the proposed Spruce One project ? What impact might this project have on the local economy and on the environment ? How have people who live near Blair Mountain reacted to the Spruce One proposal ? Why do you think that some residents are in favor of this project , while others are not ? 6 . How did the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency rule in the Spruce One case ? What factors do you think that the EPA weighed in making its decision ? What did EPA administrator Lisa Jackson say in the program about this decision ? What is your reaction to this decision and Jackson 's statement ? 7 . What is the focus of West Virginia University professor Michael Hendryx 's research ? What has Hendryx concluded from his research ? What do the coal mining industry officials say in response to his findings ? 8 . What was the outcome of a march on Blair Mountain that took place in 1921 ? Why did Chuck Keeney and other West Virginia residents march on Blair Mountain recently ? What connections does Keeney make between these two events ? How does Linda Dial react to the recent march ? Do you think that Keeney and Dial can find any common ground with regard to the issues surrounding coal mining ? Explain . 9 . In your opinion : Does a corporation have a responsibility to repair any damage that is done to the environment by its actions ? If so , why ? If not , who , if anyone , should be responsible for repairing this damage ? 10 . Summarize each of the different perspectives presented in this documentary . Are there any individuals whose stories resonate with you ? Explain . In your opinion , how should the situation at Blair Mountain be resolved ? Media Literacy Question How might the various stakeholders seen in this documentary use different forms of media to influence public opinion ? Learning Activity The Economy , the Environment and Public Health Ask students to consider how businesses in communities might impact local economies , the environment and public health . Direct small groups of students to conduct research to learn more about businesses and their impact -- both positive and negative -- on the communities in which they are located . Have each group choose one of these businesses and present a case study on the business and its impact on the region . Groups may want to include information , for example , about jobs generated and community and infrastructure development , as well as any resulting pollution , habitat destruction and/or alleged ties to health hazards . Groups will also want to share any evidence of balance among the business , environment and public health . After the presentations , generate a class discussion to help students draw conclusions about what they have learned . Ask : • What benefits might a business operation bring to a region 's economy ? • How might a business operation negatively impact a region 's quality of life ? • Do you think that it is possible to promote economic development while protecting the environment and human health ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? After discussion around the last question , challenge students to write emails to their local elected officials expressing their opinions on economic development and quality of life . They might choose to offer their suggestions for promoting economic development while protecting the environment and public health in their community , or advocate positions that prioritize one or more of these factors . Curriculum Connections Science CONTENT STANDARD F : SCIENCE IN PERSONAL AND SOCIAL PERSPECTIVES As a result of activities in grades 9-12 , all students should develop understanding of • Personal and community health • Natural resources • Environmental quality • Natural and human-induced hazards The National Science Education Standards  http://books.nap.edu/html/nses/pdf/index.html  are published by the National Academies Press  http://www.nap.edu  . Social Studies National Curriculum Standards for Social Studies : The Themes of Social Studies 3 . PEOPLE , PLACES , AND ENVIRONMENTS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of people , places , and environments . 5 . INDIVIDUALS , GROUPS , AND INSTITUTIONS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . 6 . POWER , AUTHORITY , AND GOVERNANCE Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of how people create , interact with , and change structures of power , authority , and governance . The National Curriculum Standards for the Social Studies are produced by the National Council for the Social Studies .	"  Battle for Blair Mountain : Working in America " examines the issue of mountaintop removal , which literally blows the tops off of mountains to reach the rich coal seams buried inside West Virginia coal miners say mountaintop removal projects provide much-needed jobs . Their opponents say the cost of those jobs -- to the environment , the people and the future -- is just too high Use this educator 's and parent 's guide to examine all sides of this issue The guide includes before-viewing and post-viewing questions and a learning activity
CNN  -- If Sony is to continue its sales dominance in the new gaming and entertainment console market , it may be one of its most popular exclusive titles for the PlayStation 4 that does the trick . "  inFamous : Second Son " continues the franchise 's story of enhanced humans who are able to use special powers for good or for evil . This episode benefits in many ways , though , because the developer , Sucker Punch , start working with Sony early into the development cycle of the PS4 and really get a sense of how the new console would work . A new protagonist and a new city let the animators really explore areas of expression that they could n't do with the older generation consoles . Animation director Billy Harper said the result is a real city -- Seattle -- that feels more natural than those in previous "  inFamous " titles . "  We took the familiarity of the ` inFamous ' universe . We know what makes people happy . We know what makes us grin , " Harper told CNN . "  We decided to essentially rework everything else , because the PlayStation 4 let us . " Seattle , where Sucker Punch is based , is rendered in fine detail -- from the familiar spire of the Space Needle to shops along Puget Sound . Cut scenes and in-game dynamics work together to show how the player has already interacted with buildings or other people , and create deeper player immersion . "  We 're able to get all the subtleties in the characters themselves and all the nuances of actors , " Harper said . "  We 're capturing every single thing we get on stage , which is totally insane . We avoid the ` Uncanny Valley '  digital characters that appear too lifelike  effect you usually see in most games . " John Koller , vice president of marketing for Sony Computer Entertainment America , said it was important to bring in the crew from Sucker Punch before the PS4 was launched to give console builders a better idea how developers were going to use the new device . "  The PS4 was done hand in hand with development and ` inFamous ' was one of those titles brought in early , " Koller said . The result was not only an open-world game with plenty of action , but a wide-ranging story that explores the moral quandaries ingrained within the franchise 's story . Do you choose the path of the hero , or flip the coin and become the villain ? "  How ruthless can you be ? How heroic can you be ? How true can you stay to that  path  to earn the biggest reward ? " says Jennifer Dean , public relations manager for SCEA . While Koller wo n't call "  Second Son " the PS4 's killer app , chatter on social media and forum have shown many people are using the game as their "  excuse " to buy the new console . However , expectations from fans and critics alike are very high . " ` inFamous ' has always been my favorite Sony-exclusive franchise , and the first ` inFamous ' was actually the reason I bought a PlayStation 3 a few years into its lifecycle . Everything I saw at PAX Prime 2013 made me say that I would own a PlayStation 4 prior to the launch of ` inFamous : Second Son ' , just because the title wowed me that much , " explained Brian Shea , editor-in-chief of Video Game Writers . "  I expect it to deliver the same open-world superhero experience the first two retail entries brought us , but in a way that harnesses the power of the PlayStation 4 . " Koller said this is just the beginning for what he calls blockbuster titles for the PS4 , and explains there is a strategy to it all . With "  Destiny , " "  Watch_Dogs , " "  The Order : 1886 , " and "  Uncharted 4 " on the horizon , he thinks "  inFamous : Second Son " has the initial lasting power to potentially sell more hardware . "  You buy a platform and you 're actually looking not only at the game you 're buying today , but the content that 's coming ... because that promise is really important when you are putting down $ 399 for hardware , " Koller said . Harper pointed out it was a huge benefit for Sucker Punch to hold off releasing the new title until they could do something to show off the new console 's power . "  A lot of what we wanted to do was provide justification for purchasing the hardware , " Harper said . "  In the process , it gave us so much  flexibility  to actually let people justify buying another ` inFamous ' title . It is as close as you can get to buying a new IP  intellectual property  utilizing the same universe . " However , a five-month delay for a blockbuster title could have spelled potential doom as it has for other new console starts  i.e. : Nintendo 's Wii U  . Nintendo sales of their new console struggled in its fledgling months , mostly due to the lack of gaming titles that appealed to their audience . Shea does n't think Sony is in any danger , and actually will benefit from the release time . "  Sony has a much better relationship with third-party developers than Nintendo does , and right now Sony just has more credibility with core gamers , " Shea said . "  The success or failure of ` inFamous : Second Son ' wo n't change any of those facts . That said , if ` inFamous ' does click with gamers , the PlayStation 4 will be a hard console to compete with . " "  inFamous : Second Son " is a PlayStation 4 exclusive and was released worldwide on March 21 . It is rated T for Teen due to blood , drug reference , language , sexual themes , and violence .	` inFamous : Second Son ' is an exclusive PlayStation 4 title Designers had access to the new console before it was released For some , it 's been the "  excuse " to buy a PS4 The game features enhanced humans who may choose good or evil
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors in New York on Friday charged a one-eyed veteran Islamist fighter with crimes related to a brazen attack on a gas facility in Algeria earlier this year that left 37 hostages dead , including three Americans . Mokhtar Belmokhtar was charged on various conspiracy counts including hostage-taking , kidnapping , providing material support to al Qaeda , and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern district of New York . He is currently at large . While there was no elaboration from federal prosecutors on why the charges against a non-U.S. citizen , stemming from an attack in Alergia , were filed in New York , the attack resulted in deaths of Americans . "  Mokhtar Belmokhtar unleashed a reign of terror years ago , in furtherance of his self-proclaimed goal of waging bloody jihad against the West , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a release from the Justice Department . "  His efforts culminated in a five-day siege that left dozens dead , including three Americans , and hundreds of others fearing for their lives . " Belmokhtar is the founder of the Signed-in-Blood Battalion , also known as the al-Mulathamun Battalion . The group claimed responsibility for the January attack . "  The charges against Mokhtar Belmokhtar describe a fanatical jihadist leading an extremist vanguard of an extremist ideology , " FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge George Venizelos said in the Justice Department statement . "  As alleged , he kidnapped diplomats , formed his own terrorist organization that pledged fealty to al-Qaeda , and masterminded the murderous siege of a civilian plant in Algeria that resulted in the deaths of dozens of hostages . " In the Algerian siege , heavily-armed militants in pickup trucks struck a sprawling state-owned natural gas complex near In Amenas , gathered the Westerners who worked there into a group and tied them up , according to Algerian Prime Minister Prime Minister Abdul Malek Sallal . After taking control of the facility , the militants planted explosives throughout the complex . The military tried to negotiate with the militants , but their demands to release militants held prisoner in Algeria were deemed unreasonable , leading to intervention by special forces troops backed by the Algerian Air Force , according to Sallal . The gas facility operated in cooperation with foreign energy firms such as Norway 's Statoil and Britain 's BP -- and as such , employed workers from several Western countries . Belmokhtar said the attack was in retaliation for Algeria allowing France to use its airspace to battle Islamist militants in Mali . Belmokhtar was designated as a foreign terrorist by the United States Department of Treasury in 2003 and is considered a key figure in al Qaeda 's efforts in North Africa . The State Department has a $ 5 million dollar reward out for information on his whereabouts .	3 Americans died in a brazen attack on a gas facility earlier this year Federal prosecutors charge an Algerian Islamist fighter with crimes related to the attack The man , Mokhtar Belmokhtar , is founder of the group that claimed responsibility for the attack Belmokhtar is being sought internationally
CNN  -- A Texas woman has been arrested as a suspect in an alleged kidnapping of a boy eight years ago , the San Augustine County Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday . The woman , Krystle Tanner of San Augustine , was the godmother of Miguel Antonio Morin , who was 8 months old when he and Tanner went missing , the boy 's mother , Auboni Champion-Morin , told CNN Wednesday . Tanner , also a neighbor , had been babysitting the boy in her Houston home , she said . San Augustine is about 165 miles northeast of Houston . The boy , now 8 , was in good physical condition Monday and was in the custody of Texas Child Protective Services , said sheriff 's Chief Deputy Gary Cunningham . The mother filed a police report in 2004 , but Houston police closed the case two years later after prosecutors asked for clarification of the date the boy disappeared and Houston police were "  unable to clarify that information , " Cunningham said . Tanner was arrested Monday in connection with the boy 's kidnapping after Child Protective Services began investigating her in August on allegations of negligently supervising her children and an unknown 8-year-old child who had been physically abused , Cunningham said . In an interview Wednesday , Champion-Morin expressed joy and disbelief that Miguel , the youngest of her five children at the time of his disappearance , had been finally found . Authorities did not give details about who was taking care of the boy when he was found . When Champion-Morin received a phone call Monday from the child welfare agency , "  I kind of had to look at the phone -- was this real ? " said the mother , who had a sixth child after her son 's disappearance . She wondered if authorities ' call was a cruel joke , she said . She was asked about the disappearance of her son and his connection to Tanner , she said . "  At first , it kind of scared me , " she said . She was thinking about her son in recent days because his birthday was March 1 . The child protection agency told Champion-Morin that Tanner had been arrested in east Texas , but that her son was not with Tanner at the time , the mother said . Champion-Morin will undergo a blood test possibly this week to prove she is the biological mother , she said . On the night that her son and Tanner disappeared , Champion-Morin said she had asked Tanner to watch her son overnight . At the time , the mother had five children , all under age 4 , and Miguel was the youngest . "  I was having hardship at the time , " the mother said . "  I asked her to watch him overnight , and when I came back ... they were gone . " Tanner and the mother lived in the same apartment building , and Tanner wanted the boy to stay in her apartment and the other kids to stay at another friend 's apartment , the mother said . Tanner was a high school student at the time and had to attend classes the next morning , but when Champion-Morin went to pick up her son that morning , he and Tanner were gone , Champion-Morin said . Tanner 's mother said the two had left the state , Champion-Morin said . She called police , she said . The mother knew Tanner and her family well , and they spent a lot of time together , she said . "  At that time , I trusted her , I knew her , " Champion-Morin said . Police asked her to take a polygraph and she agreed , but because she was pregnant at the time police told her she could not take it then , Champion-Morin said . She never knew police had closed the case back in 2006 , and she assumed all along they were still working on it , she said . She called Houston Police several times to check on the case over the years and was always told she had a new police contact and the case had been assigned to someone else , the mother said . She found the experience frustrating and had not called back in a while , she said . Still , she thought often of her son , she said . "  I always wondered every night . I dreamed and prayed on it , " she said . She explained Miguel 's disappearance to his siblings "  the best I could , " she said . "  They still somewhat do n't understand the situation , why  someone  would do that , " Champion-Morin said . Her children now "  are trying to make sure I stay calm " and are "  praying with me , " the mom said . Miguel could be returned to her "  by the end of the week , " she said . "  I 'm going to let him know I love him with all my heart ... and any questions he has , I will answer them , " Champion-Morin said . "  It will be hard . " "  We will probably have to go to a psychiatrist together , " she said , adding it will also be opportunity to work out their relationship and get to know one another . When asked how she felt about how Houston police handled the case , she said , "  It took years to get some sort of progress . This took years ... a lot of running around and nobody helping me . " The boy was reported missing in November 2004 , and after an investigation , Houston police presented the case to the Harris County district attorney 's office for review in February 2005 , Cunningham said . The prosecutor accepted the case , but a warrant was never issued because the prosecutor 's office apparently asked for clarification of the precise date when the boy was taken , Cunningham said . Houston police was unable to clarify that information , and the case was closed in 2006 , Cunningham said . An Amber Alert was never issued for the boy because the Houston Regional Amber Alert Plan was never notified , said coordinator Beth Alberts . Houston Police Department investigators are now looking into the case , including why an Amber Alert was never requested , spokesman Kese Smith said Wednesday . In August 2011 , the state child welfare agency received a report against Tanner about alleged negligence of her children , Cunningham said . An 8-year-old boy was reportedly "  hit on , " Cunningham said . The report did n't suggest the alleged negligence was egregious , but the child welfare authority initiated an investigation and attempted to identify the 8-year-old child in the report , Cunningham said . Tanner allegedly gave the child welfare agency 's investigators contradictory information about the 8-year-old boy , saying the child was hers and then was n't hers , that the child belonged to her brother or someone else , Cunningham said . The state agency then called the sheriff 's office , which eventually opened a criminal investigation in January after authorities could n't find the child , Cunningham said . Tanner again allegedly provided misleading information to the sheriff 's investigators , Cunningham said . The child welfare agency then provided sheriff 's investigators with a possible identity of the missing child , and San Augustine County prosecutors secured a warrant for Tanner , Cunningham said . "  We interviewed her again  Wednesday  and she provided additional information , " Cunningham said . "  She admitted that she provided misleading information , which certainly supports our belief that she kidnapped the child . "	NEW : Houston police are looking at why an Amber Alert was never issued in 2004 case Krystle Tanner of San Augustine , Texas , is in custody in the alleged kidnapping She was the boy 's godmother , the mother tells CNN The boy , now 8 , was 8 months old when he and Tanner went missing in 2004 , mom says
San Diego , California  CNN  -- The Obama administration calls its policy on illegal immigrants "  prosecutorial discretion . " In reality , we 're finding out , it amounts to business as usual , deporting huge numbers of hard-working immigrants . The objective of the new "  policy " announced last year was to fool immigration reform advocates into thinking that the administration had grown a conscience and stopped running up its deportation figures by deporting people who represent no threat to public safety . If you 're an illegal immigrant with no criminal record , longstanding ties to the community , or U.S.-born children , or if you 're a young person who would have been eligible for a pathway to legal status under the Dream Act , you are supposed to get a break so that the administration can focus its limited resources on going after criminal aliens . When the policy was announced last year , the media should have asked President Barack Obama , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton or Domestic Policy Council Director Cecilia Munoz this question : "  If resources are indeed so limited , and since it is more labor intensive to pursue criminals than college students , why should n't we expect you to continue to take the easy road and remove noncriminals no matter what you 're promising ? " That is pretty much what happened . By all accounts , hardly anything has changed at Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Since November 2011 , Department of Homeland Security officials have reviewed more than 400,000 cases ; according to a recent report , less than 2 percent of those cases were closed . This revelation has to be a little embarrassing for those right-wing commentators who , when the policy was announced , got carried away and called it a "  backdoor amnesty . " Really ? It turns out the door is still shut . And , even in those cases where the individuals were removed from deportation proceedings , they were n't given a pathway to earned legal status or a work visa , perhaps in the hope that , with limited options to make a living and provide for their families , they would , as presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney likes to say , "  self-deport . " Which reminds me , what 's the difference between the two major presidential candidates when it comes to immigration ? There is n't much of one . In fact , I 've interviewed immigration lawyers who say that the ICE agents they deal with at the local level openly refer to the promise of prosecutorial discretion as a "  joke . " Immigration reform advocates are n't laughing . Neither are Latinos , many of whom take the immigration issue personally because many of them know people who have been deported and because they feel affected by the racism driving the debate . Both groups are upset that the administration 's much-hyped policy of applying "  prosecutorial discretion " to hundreds of thousands of deportation cases still in the pipeline has turned out to be little more than smoke and mirrors . It is no wonder that President Obama has so much trouble telling the truth about his immigration record . He ca n't very well acknowledge to immigration reform advocates that it was political expediency that led him to aggressively deport more than 1.2 million illegal immigrants in his first three years in office . And he does n't want to admit that he misled supporters by telling them that most of those being deported were criminals as opposed to what he described in a May 2011 speech in El Paso , Texas , as "  folks who are looking to scrape together an income . " Rather than be straight with supporters on the left and risk disillusioning parts of the base in an election year , administration officials chose to deceive them into thinking that the administration had developed a conscience and was focused on going after what Obama called the "  worst of the worst . " This shell game never smelled right to me . In October 2011 , I wrote a column for CNN expressing skepticism that the administration was on the level . Obama had already put in so much effort to show that he was tough on illegal immigration , just like all Democratic presidents or presidential candidates have to do because they 're perceived by some voters as soft on border security in the same way that in the 1970s they were seen as soft on national security . While he was in office , Bill Clinton launched Operation Gatekeeper to militarize the U.S.-Mexico border south of San Diego and signed legislation to make it easier to deport people and harder for those slated for deportation to contest their removal . Obama went further . By relying on the controversial program Secure Communities , which requires local police to submit to federal officials the fingerprints of anyone they arrest who they suspect is in the country illegally , his administration roped local police into the enforcement of federal immigration law over the objections of prominent Democrats such as Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . Having gone to all that trouble , it did n't make sense that Obama would relinquish those "  gains . " It was much more likely that he would keep the deportation machine humming along , while hoodwinking supporters into believing otherwise . In politics , you do n't have to fool all the people all the time , just some of the people some of the time . It 's sad and depressing . If President Obama and his administration put half as much time , effort and thought into actually fixing a problem as they do in trying to pretend they 're fixing it , the country would be much better off . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Last year , Obama administration announced a relaxed policy on deporting illegal immigrants Ruben Navarrette says a recent report showed the change has affected only 2 % of cases He says administration gave impression more people would be allowed to stay Navarrette : Focus was supposed to be on deporting aliens who are involved in crime
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghanistan has been thrown into political turmoil after a months-long dispute between two presidential candidates prevented a successor to outgoing President Hamid Karzai being named . The country 's presidential election was held on April 5 , and was followed by a runoff vote in June after the first result was inconclusive . The two contenders , Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani , have accused each other of fraud and manipulation . Despite pleas from Karzai and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon to come to a resolution , the two opponents remain at an impasse , sparking concerns of bloodshed and instability in the fragile , war-torn country . It has significantly delayed what was to be Afghanistan 's first democratic transfer of power . This comes at a time as the Taliban have carried out deadly attacks on high-profile targets and fought heavily for control of the Helmand province . As the U.S.-led war effort against the Taliban winds down , most NATO troops are due to withdraw from Afghanistan by the end of this year . Afghanistan "  urgently needs a new government , " and the two runoff candidates must form a unity government , Karzai said earlier this week . "  We want a new government and that can be brought to us by Dr. Abdullah Abdullah and Dr. Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai . " A crumbling agreement ? In July , Abdullah and Ghani came to an agreement , brokered by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , to accept the result of a nationwide audit and form a unity government . The Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan conducted the audit , under the supervision of UN specialists and international observers . It completed the audit of about 8 million votes on September 4 , but the results have not been released . "  The audit work is completed , " said Noor Mohammad Noor , a spokesman for the election commission on Wednesday . "  Only some physical work is yet to be done and we are hoping to be able to announce it in the next few days . " Meanwhile , both candidates appear they are backing off their July commitment with statements reported in the media that Abdullah would reject the official results and Ghani indicated he may not be open to power sharing . In a statement this week , Ban urged the candidates to fulfill their end of the agreement "  on a government of national unity in accordance with the commitments they reached on 12 July , " according to his spokesman . "  The Secretary-General emphasizes that this is a pivotal moment for Afghanistan , and that genuine partnership will be required in tackling Afghanistan 's many challenges . Both parties share a real responsibility to guide Afghanistan to a peaceful and more prosperous future . Given the scale of the challenges , this can only be done jointly . " The impasse has also vexed Karzai , whose last day in office was supposed to be three months ago . After 13 years in power , Karzai had said that he hoped to leave office by September 2 , but was asked by the UN Special Representative to stay as the vote audit was underway . Abdullah and Ghani at odds There are concerns that the political deadlock can spiral into a bloody dispute between supporters for the two candidates . On Tuesday , Abdullah 's supporters took to the streets to commemorate the 13th anniversary of the death of Ahmad Shah Massoud , who is regarded as a national hero . At the scene , a boy died when members of the crowd fired their guns into the air . In the general election on April 5 , Abdullah secured 45 % of the vote , while Ghani got 31.6 % . Abdullah was a vocal critic of the Taliban during their years in power . Although he was once an ally of Karzai , serving in his government as foreign minister , he become an opponent in recent years and even challenged him in the 2009 election . Abdullah dropped out after that election after the first round to protest what he said was large-scale voting fraud . In the June vote , Ghani appeared to pull off a comeback , gaining more votes over Abdullah . Ghani is a former academic and U.S. citizen who gave up his passport to run for the Afghan presidency in 2009 . He worked as an adviser to Karzai and as finance minister in his Cabinet . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Afghanistan and Madison Park wrote from Hong Kong .	Afghanistan 's government is at an impasse as awaiting election audit results Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani accuse each other of fraud and manipulation in June election Dispute has stymied what was to be Afghanistan 's first democratic transfer of power UN 's Ban Ki-moon and Hamid Karzai call for unity government
Attorneys for Texas teen Ethan Couch claimed that his "  affluenza " meant he was blameless for driving drunk and causing a crash that left four people dead in June . Simply put , Couch , 16 , claims that his condition stemmed from having wealthy , privileged parents who never set limits for him . Judge Jean Boyd sentenced him Tuesday to 10 years of probation but no jail time , saying she would work to find him a long-term treatment facility . But Eric Boyles , who lost his wife and daughter in the crash , said on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 , " "  There are absolutely no consequences for what occurred that day . The primary message has to absolutely be that money and privilege ca n't buy justice in this country . " Is "  affluenza " real ? Or is it a way for coddled children and adolescents to evade consequences for their actions ? Not surprisingly , "  affluenza " does not appear in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , or DSM , the "  psychiatric Bible . " Video : Callan : Poverty in prison cures affluenza But the term highlights the issue of parents , particularly upper-middle-class ones , who not only refuse to discipline their children but may protest the efforts of others -- school officials , law enforcement and the courts -- who attempt to do so , said Suniya Luthar , a professor of psychology at Arizona State University . "  There are families where very , very few limits are set at a time when they should be , " she said . By age 16 , she noted , it 's too late : "  The horse is out of the barn . " The diagnosis for youths in such situations would be impulse control problems , said Atlanta psychologist Mary Gresham -- and impulse control problems are seen across all socioeconomic levels in families where limits are n't set . "  We do n't know if the rates of poor limit-setting are higher in affluent families or not , " Gresham said , noting that there has not been a lot of research . Luthar says she has studied wealthier families , however , and "  we 've found the level of serious adjustment problems ranging from depression , anxiety , delinquency , substance abuse higher among kids of upper-middle-class families . " She says in one of her studies , her team gave youths several different scenarios , ranging from minor to serious infractions -- such as being caught for the third time with vodka at school or plagiarizing on a test -- and asked them how likely their parents would be to protest any punishment for them . "  There was definitely a subgroup of kids that said , ` My parents would object  to punishment from school officials  , ' " she said . However , she points out that this is not the norm . "  It 's a small group  of parents  but very vocal , aggressive , entitled . ... There is definitely a small subgroup that is powerful and way off the charts . " "  I would n't say there 's worse parenting in affluent families and fewer limits set , " Gresham said . "  That 's not true . " But in wealthy families , Gresham said , "  kids without limits have a lot more resources to use for their impulsive behavior . They have a lot more money and a lot more access to powerful cars that are fast ; to drugs and alcohol , because those things cost money . So the extra resources that you have to live out your impulse control problems really create a problem . " Both she and Luthar pointed out that affluent families also have the means to afford things like quality defense attorneys and treatment for their children . And , says Gresham , children in affluent families may not have jobs and may have more free time . Blame it on ` affluenza , ' rich kid syndrome The day of the crash , Boyles ' wife , Hollie , and daughter Shelby had left their home to help Breanna Mitchell , whose SUV had a flat tire . Youth pastor Brian Jennings also stopped to help . All four died when Couch 's pickup plowed into them . The vehicle also struck a parked car , which slid into another vehicle coming the opposite way . Two people riding in the bed of Couch 's pickup sustained severe injuries . Earlier that day , Couch and some friends had stolen beer from a local Walmart . Three hours after the crash , Couch 's blood alcohol level was 0.24 , three times the legal limit for someone of legal drinking age , according to prosecutors . "  There are ways in a society that we collectively shape the behavior of our kids , " meaning parents , school officials and law enforcement , Luthar says . "  If you find the parents are not imposing limits themselves but fighting consequences ... then obviously , the child is going to continue whatever , " she said . "  You keep upping the ante . " And unless a child faces consequences , their actions are "  likely to mushroom . " "  It really speaks to the importance of attending to our children 's behavior early on , " she said . "  In all cases , it is the duty of us ... to step in and do the right thing . It 's not just loving our kids but putting the appropriate limits " on their behavior . Gresham says she understands why Couch 's sentencing left some outraged but agrees with the judge that he should be in treatment . "  I can understand how people would be angry , if 16-year-olds from less affluent families are sentenced to juvenile detention and not treatment , " she said . "  All teenagers who act out should actually have access to therapeutic resources , " although not all of them do . Luthar says she does n't like to blame children for their actions . But on "  affluenza , " she notes : "  If you have a child who grew up in the inner city , and the parents abused crack , and  the child  was abused all along and grew up at the age of 16 and ran over four people , how likely is it the public or culture would say , ` You must understand , what the child did was a result of his upbringing ' ? "  It is hard to justify such vastly different approaches taken toward inner-city children versus those in affluence . "	A Texas teen claims "  affluenza " rendered him blameless in a fatal DUI crash Some parents refuse to set limits , a psychologist says Those parents may resist efforts of others to discipline their child Without appropriate limits , a child 's behavior will "  mushroom , " she says
CNN  -- Divers have found what they believe are human remains on the wrecked Costa Concordia cruise ship , the Italian Civil Protection agency announced Tuesday . The bodies of two people from the 2012 wreck have never been found : Russel Rebello of India and Maria Grazia Trecarichi of Sicily have been missing but presumed dead . Their bodies have long been believed to be either trapped beneath or inside the ship . Italian authorities also said two weeks ago that divers found what they thought were human remains on the ship 's Deck 4 . But they later determined that the remains were animal . The cruise liner capsized after it struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in the Tyrrhenian Sea in January 2012 , killing 32 of 4,200 people on board . The toll includes Rebello and Trecarichi . Rebello , 33 , was a cruise waiter who was last seen helping passengers off the ship . Trecarichi was on the cruise to celebrate her 50th birthday with her 17-year-old daughter , who survived . The new discovery of remains comes about three weeks after engineers managed to rotate the ship back to vertical . Before that , the ship rested 20 months on its side , hindering a full examination . Costa Concordia righted Authorities say the ship struck the rocks off Giglio Island after the captain , Francesco Schettino , ordered the liner to veer more than four miles off course to salute a former sea captain who had retired on Giglio . Schettino faces charges of manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board . His trial , which began with preliminary hearings in March , resumed last month . The trial is expected to last through the fall with a string of witnesses , including passengers , crew members and islanders , who say they saw the captain on shore looking for dry socks before all the passengers had been safely evacuated . Schettino argues that he is a hero who saved the lives of more than 4,000 people , not a villain whose negligence led to the deaths of 32 . His defense is trying to prove , among other things , that the ship 's watertight doors did not function properly , and that is the reason the ship sank , leading to all 32 deaths during evacuation . Schettino also has told the court that the ship would not have crashed had his helmsman turned it in the direction that Schettino told him to 13 seconds before impact . The helmsman , Jacob Rusli Bin , and four others were convicted in a plea deal in July for their role in the disaster . A Florence court is considering the validity of those plea bargain agreements . CNN 's Hada Messia , Jason Hanna and Barbie Latza Nadeau contributed to this report .	Of 32 declared dead in the Costa Concordia accident , two bodies have yet to be recovered The cruise ship struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in January 2012 Engineers rotated the ship back to vertical last month
CNN  A meteorite crashed down in Managua , Nicaragua , late Saturday night , causing a loud explosion and leaving a crater 39 feet  12 meters  across , government officials said , according to The Associated Press . No damage or injuries were reported . AP quoted government spokeswoman Rosario Murillo as saying they 've determined it was a "  relatively small " meteorite that "  appears to have come off an asteroid that was passing close to Earth . " NASA has n't confirmed a link between the meteorite and the asteroid . The newly discovered asteroid , called 2014 RC , was expected to pass safely above the Earth on Sunday , NASA said , at a distance of about 25,000 miles  40,000 kilometers  -- just one-tenth the distance from the center of Earth to the moon . It was estimated to be 60 feet  18 meters  long . Local media reported that scientists are trying to find remains of the meteorite , and Nicaragua is asking the United States to help investigate the event . "  All the evidence that we 've confirmed on-site corresponds exactly with a meteorite , " Jose Millan with the Nicaraguan Institute of Earth Studies was quoted as saying on the Today Nicaragua website . But NASA 's Bill Cooke is skeptical . "  It has been suggested that a meteorite may have caused this crater ; however , the lack of fireball reports from the surrounding populated area seems to suggest some other cause , " Cooke wrote in a NASA blog post . "  The skies were partially clear , and an object capable of producing a crater this large would have also generated a very bright fireball  brighter than the Full Moon  that should have been seen over a wide area . " The Today Nicaragua site reported the crater was found after a loud blast about 11:05 p.m. on Saturday . The Nicaragua Dispatch said the hole is in the woods near Managua 's Sandino International Airport and about 1,000 feet  300 meters  from the Camino Real Hotel . NASA 's Near Earth Object Program estimates there are thousands of asteroids that could threaten Earth , but experts say none of the ones being tracked is expected to hit the planet anytime soon . Sometimes , though , space rocks sneak by the scientists and amateur astronomers who track them . On February 15 , 2013 , a nearly 60-foot-wide meteor plunged into Earth 's atmosphere and exploded over the Russian city of Chelyabinsk with the force of about 30 nuclear bombs . The blast injured about 1,500 people . The Chelyabinsk meteor was undetected before it was spotted by local residents as it streaked across the sky . It exploded on the same day that Asteroid 2012 DA14 , one that was being carefully tracked by NASA , safely passed by Earth . NASA is trying to speed up the way it tracks potentially hazardous asteroids and to learn how to deflect rocks that threaten Earth . Its Asteroid Initiative includes a plan to capture an asteroid and tug it into orbit around the moon in the 2020s . If it works , astronauts will land on the asteroid , take samples and bring them back to Earth .	NASA blogger : The lack of fireball reports suggests a meteorite was not the cause The Nicaraguan government says a meteorite crashed in woods near the capital The crater is 39 feet  12 meters  across The hunt is on for the remains of a meteorite
CNN  -- A political group of gay conservatives will begin airing ads against a handful of Democratic candidates on Monday , including a spot against openly gay congressman Barney Frank of Massachusetts . In a statement , GOProud declares that this is "  the first time ever a national gay organization is airing a television advertising campaign going after Democrats . " "  Barney Frank is an absolute embarrassment , " said Christopher R. Barron , Chairman of GOProud 's Board of Directors . "  He represents the worst kind of Washington politician . " In addition to Frank , the $ 50,000 purchase of airtime by GOProud will pay for ads against House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Sen. Barbara Boxer  D-Calif .  , two progressives who pride themselves as champions of gay rights . The group will also run commercials in support of Rep. Charles Djou  R-Hawaii  , a freshman who was one of five House Republicans who voted to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " All of the ads will air on the Lifetime and Bravo channels , whose demographics have a large share of women and members of the LGTB  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  community . Citing "  out of control debt , runaway spending , and the loss of millions of jobs , " GOProud Executive Director Jimmy LaSavia says the advertising campaign "  will show the American people what the real Democrats of Washington , D.C. are all about and make it clear , that under Democrats , reality bites . "	GOProud cites the campaign as a first The group will air ads against Frank , Pelosi and Boxer The ads will air on Bravo and Lifetime cable channels
It 's a slice of life you do n't often hear about . Shortly after a manager at a Pizza Hut franchise in Elkhart , Indiana , announced that he was fired for refusing to open on Thanksgiving Day , the company is offering him his job back . Tony Rohr , 28 , had worked for the chain for more than 10 years . When he refused to open on Thanksgiving Day this year and force his employees to work , he says , he was told to write a letter of resignation . Instead , he wrote one explaining why the store should remain closed . "  I said , ` Why ca n't we be the company that stands up and says we care about your employees and you can have the day off ? ' " Rohr told CNN affiliate WSBT Wednesday . "  Thanksgiving and Christmas are the only two days that they 're closed in the whole year . And they 're the only two days that those people are guaranteed to have off to spend with their families . " Who wants to work on Thanksgiving ? Rohr told the affiliate he refused to quit and detailed his frustration in the letter . "  I accept that the refusal to comply with this greedy , immoral request means the end of my tenure with this company , " he says he wrote . "  I hope you realize that it is the people at the bottom of the totem pole that make your life possible . " He was fired shortly after , he says . The local franchise told the affiliate that Rohr was not fired , but quit . Now , Pizza Hut 's corporate office says the franchise "  made a serious error in judgment , one which we hope to help remedy . " It sent CNN a statement that said the store has agreed to hire him back . "  We fully respect an employee 's right to not work on a holiday , which is why the vast majority of Pizza Huts in America are closed on Thanksgiving , " the corporate office said in a statement . "  As a result , we strongly recommended that the local franchisee reinstate the store manager and they have agreed . We look forward to them welcoming Tony back to the team . " But Rohr , who was managing some 15 people when he departed , said Thursday that he was not sure he wanted to return to the team . "  That 's something I ca n't decide right away , " he told CNN in a telephone interview as he prepared to celebrate Thanksgiving with his family -- and without pizza . "  I 'll start looking into stuff tomorrow . " He said publicity about the story has spread . "  All my friends are telling me how cool it is and how proud they are -- ` You 're my hero ' and stuff you do n't expect to hear , " Rohr said . "  No , I 'm just some guy who told his boss ` No ' and got burned . There are people who save lives . "	"  I 'm just some guy who told his boss ` No ' and got burned , " says Tony Rohr He says he refused to open on Thanksgiving Day , and was told to write a letter of resignation The local franchise says he was not fired -- he quit Pizza Hut 's corporate office says the franchisee "  made a serious error in judgment "
CNN  -- The death of longtime Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi is shaking the Arab world . And nations like Egypt , which next month holds its first parliamentary elections since the fall of President Hosni Mubarak in February , are watching . Egypt , like Tunisia -- which holds elections this weekend -- needs a great many positive influences to consolidate its nascent democratic government . If Libya 's National Transitional Council should turn in a militant Islamist direction and become hostile to the European Union or the United States , it could jeopardize democratic progress in Tunis and Cairo alike . Egypt 's position is precarious enough as it is . Two weeks ago in Cairo , for example , Coptic Christian protesters clashed with security forces , leaving 25 dead and more than 300 injured . The violence stems from the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ' refusal to share key decision-making powers with civilians and tests its ability to manage the country 's fragile political transition . Today in Egypt , no political faction is strong enough to monopolize power and none is weak enough to be ground out of existence . As a result , the army 's failure to build a solid political consensus creates a recipe for ongoing confrontation . As long as Egyptians believe they stand to gain more through violence than peaceful political negotiations , the situation in Cairo will worsen . Three decades ago , after the Islamic Revolution in Iran , the Ayatollah Khomeini wasted no time in enacting a brutal purge of the country 's secular military elites , whom he feared would endanger his rule . In refusing to establish a new order that Egypt 's most powerful political constituencies can all get behind , the Egyptian army may now be leading itself in the same direction . The army 's stubbornness in refusing to craft a new constitution before holding elections at the end of November is ill-considered and dangerous . The coming parliament will be charged with choosing 100 experts to draft the new constitution . But Christians and secularists fear that an Islamist-dominated parliament will produce a constitution that discriminates against them . Having had little more than six months of freedom , most Egyptian political parties are still in their infancy , and the older secular parties are not yet ready for elections . Islamist parties are the best prepared , as they have been well funded , are known across the country and have enjoyed most of the coverage in the state-owned media since the fall of Mubarak . Yet secularists -- who constitute 70 % or perhaps 80 % of Egypt 's political parties -- asked for more time to prepare for elections and for the military to facilitate an agreement on a bill of rights that sets down guiding principles for the new constitution . Islamists oppose such a move , as they fear it would create rules the secularists could use to oppress them . As a provisional government , the army must create a new political framework that guarantees majority rule while protecting the rights of religious , ethnic and political minorities . Yet in spite of a worsening domestic situation , the military shows no such desire . After Mubarak 's fall , Egyptians hoped the army would be the guarantor of a democratic transition ; that it would do this transparently , sharing power with civilian political groups , and presiding over a convention culminating in a modern , democratic constitution that protects every Egyptian individual and political group that rejects violence . In late July , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces sent a worrisome signal when it celebrated National Day , the anniversary of the 1952 coup d'etat in which the military took power . This coup smothered Egypt 's nascent democratic process in its cradle and ushered in an era of military rule lasting almost six decades . After the coup , military men in civilian attire rigged every election , abused human rights and monopolized the political system . In years past , National Day was nothing out of the ordinary -- the country had celebrated it every year for almost six decades -- but this year , it signaled the military 's intention to backpedal on political reforms and maintain an undemocratic status quo . The 1952 regime has hidden behind many different ideologies and adopted a range of different national and international alliances to suit its needs . It began as a capitalist government , allied with the West , turned to Moscow and became socialist in the 1960s , then adopted a mixture of socialism and capitalism in the late '70s , and allied itself with Washington . Yet in no incarnation was the military-backed regime ever democratic . Until Egypt 's rulers reject the order established in the 1952 military coup , the country will never move forward toward genuine democracy . Ongoing protests and rising violence are not a coincidence . They are the fruits of 60 years of failed policies . If Egyptians could be confident in their political futures -- that they would be subject to the rule of law rather than the rule of man -- they would be less frustrated . If they could be sure that the country 's new political order would respect their individual rights and liberties , they would no longer be in the streets . If a new constitution ensured that Islamists , Christians , secularists , men and women alike all enjoyed equal rights , then maybe violence and protests would not be the way to be heard . If the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces respected its mandate to establish the rules of the game , and then shared power with political parties , Egyptians would be confident that it sought only to preserve rule of law and public order , not to perpetuate its own rule . Egyptian military elites can take comfort that they will not meet the same end as Gadhafi , nor that of the Iranian military after the fall of the shah . But they should take the latest violence very seriously , as they are in a far more delicate position than they may realize . They can not continue to manage the country 's transition the way that they have . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Khairi Abaza .	Khairi Abaza : Gadhafi 's death has resonated in Arab Spring countries like Egypt , Tunisia He says Egypt 's transition to democracy has been rough ; how Libya proceeds matters He says Egypt 's military rulers are n't managing factions in transition ; this is n't encouraging Abaza : Army must make political framework that ensures majority rule , backs minorities ' rights
Atlanta  CNN  -- If you earn your living driving at speeds upward of 200 mph , chances are you do n't slow down even when you 're on vacation . That 's certainly the case for NASCAR driver Brian Vickers . When not behind the wheel of the No. 83 car in the Sprint Cup Series , Vickers is known as a bit of a daredevil : an avid skydiver , spear fisherman and scuba diver , to name a few of his extracurricular actives . In fact , CNN caught up with Vickers on a recent trip to Atlanta to promote Atlanta Motor Speedway . But he did n't just hold a press conference ; instead , he invited the media to watch him scuba dive in the Ocean Voyager exhibit at the Georgia Aquarium . The four whale sharks that live in this exhibit were a new sight for the seasoned diver , and it was clear he was enjoying the experience . He also took notice of several of the groupers that seemed to be paying special attention to him . "  I had a couple of groupers sneak up on me more than once . Those are sneaky little guys . I guess it 's their mating season , so they were a little fired up . There 's a couple of guys on the track that will sneak up on you , " Vickers said . After the dive , he took a moment to reflect on the top five destinations that satisfy his need for high-octane adventure . First on the list : Jackson Hole , Wyoming . "  Jackson Hole , Wyoming , I 'm a huge fan of . It 's just so beautiful out there . In the summer and the winter . ... The summer is incredible just because of the beauty and the nature , the mountains and the hiking and the rafting and fishing . So many great outdoor activities , and I really love to be outdoors . " Second on Vickers ' list is the Exumas in the Bahamas , where he enjoys the natural beauty as well . "  The water 's incredible . There 's a lot of great diving and snorkeling and swimming and spear fishing . " Vickers also looks forward to eating well when vacationing here . "  There 's some good restaurants . More hole in the wall , island type places . It 's a very small community down there , " he said . Destination number three is Aspen , Colorado . "  I really enjoy Aspen . Very similar to Jackson Hole but unique in its own way . A little bit bigger town ... a little bit more vibrant night life , " Vickers said . No. 4 on Vickers ' list strays a little from the other favorites , but it feeds into two more of his passions : food and history . "  I always really liked Rome because I absolutely am a history buff , and you can find something from almost every century in Rome . And obviously the food . It 's just to die for . Italian food is my favorite food , so that 's another reason I like it there . " And the final destination in Vickers ' top five takes him back to the islands . "  St. Barts is another favorite ... similar but different from the Caribbean , the Exumas . A lot more mountainous where the Exumas are very , very flat . " Vickers also enjoys swimming , diving and hiking here . He continued with his comparison between his two favorite island spots : "  Similar to comparing Jackson  Hole  to Aspen , I kinda compare the Exumas to St. Barts . One is very raw and natural and great in its own way , and the other has that , but is more modern and  has  better night life . " This is Vickers ' top five list , but he 's quick to point out that it 's only five locations , and he loves exploring new places , cultures , experiences and of course , thrills . He is by no means ready to slow down on or off the track . "  You know when you start to look at a globe , you start to realize even if you 've been a lot of places , you 've been nowhere . There 's just so much out there to explore , see and do . So I 'm anxious and excited to go do that . "	NASCAR driver Brian Vickers enjoys skydiving , spear fishing and scuba diving Vickers considers Jackson Hole , Wyoming , a "  high-octane adventure " He loves exploring new places , cultures , experiences and , of course , thrills
CNN  -- At Camp 3 of Mount Everest at an altitude of 7,200 meters , an American woman , 50-year-old Cleonice Pacheco Weidlich , sits in a solitary tent . Outside , fierce winds of more than 50 knots are raging . She waits . Soon blizzard-bearing monsoon clouds will gather around Everest and bring an end to the climbing season on the high Himalayas . It will also draw a shroud over one of the single deadliest tragedies the world 's highest mountain has ever witnessed . Before she can make begin her ascent , Weidlich must not only find a gap in the weather and a way over the avalanche , but also face down the growing controversies that erupted around continued activity on Everest in the wake of the disaster . More than 300 international climbers abandoned their goal of reaching the mountain 's summit after an April 18 avalanche in the mountain 's treacherous Khumbu Icefall killed 16 Nepalese Sherpa mountaineers . The immediate aftermath of the disaster brought confusion and anger to the mountain as arguments raged over whether climbing should continue , the money paid to Sherpas and compensation for the sacrifices made . After avalanche , Nepal opens up unclimbed peaks Domino effect Some Sherpas called an unofficial moratorium on further climbs , with one group even reportedly sabotaging equipment . With safety in doubt , many international climbing companies decided to pull the plug , leading to a domino effect that also swept up the independent climbers who rely on shared resources . "  If 30 % of your workforce walks away , it compromises your operational capabilities , given the difficulties of finding new porters , cooks , and guides in short time in the Khumbu , " said one guide from a leading operator . Many were resigned to the sudden end to the season . "  I feel very sad about the Sherpas , " said Ake Lindstrom , an adventure operator from Tanzania . "  Everybody knows each other ; it is a small community and their loss is very tangible . It takes a small amount of empathy to let go of one 's frustration . " Weidlich , however , stayed . Later she was joined by Wang Jing , a 41-year-old Chinese woman also determined to press ahead with an attempt on the summit . Despite their determination in the face of calls for a halt to climbing , many Sherpas CNN Travel spoke to were not unhappy with their plans . Instead , they voiced other concerns , including the disparity they perceive between local and international guide salaries , overcrowding on the mountain , a lack of respect to their mountain god and those who died . There was also anger towards the Nepalese government over its response to the tragedy . Among the Everest climbing community questions were raised about the safety prior to the deaths . Some Sherpas said there had been too many on the mountain on the day of the disaster , with long lines forming as people traversed the ladders over crevasses . Mourning in an Everest Sherpa village ` One mistake and you are done ' "  It was so packed that for some , there was no place to hide when the ice started to fall , " one said . "  We never saw so many people on the icefall on one day . " One expert expressed strong concerns about renewed climbing . "  The mountains are in constant movement , which is what makes the icefall dangerous , " said Gian Piero Verza , of the Pyramid high-altitude research center , located at 5,050 meters on Everest . "  You have to consider that in two months of expeditions , some Sherpas spend an average of three hours daily on the icefall to carry their load . For some that is 200 hours in a very dangerous place . " Veteran expedition leader Jamie McGuinness , however , said he was surprised that more did not defy the exodus to take advantage of conditions similar to those when Edmund Hillary and Sherpa Tenzing Norgay first summited in 1953 . "  Hard-core mountaineers would jump at the chance to have Everest and Lhotse all for themselves during the best climbing season , " he says . "  But being there without backup is like being back in epic Hillary 's time : one mistake and you are done . " Back at Camp 3 , in her gale-battered tent , Weidlich is convinced she is doing the right thing by continuing with her plan to summit Lhotse , a peak connected to Everest 's South Col. She says she knows the family of one of the victims and when she visited them after the disaster was not met with hostility and was invited to stay for the funeral . "  I asked them if they felt it would be disrespectful if I continued with my climbing plan , " she says . "  They were concerned about my safety , but they never brought up the issue of respect . " Weidlich , who is on a personal mission to climb all 14 of the world 's mountains over 8,000 meters , says the problem lies with assisted climbing . "  High mountains are dangerous , and climbing is all about the experience . You have to evaluate the risks . But Everest has become a completely different place : it is a showtime place . People come here to make silly records . American climber recounts how Sherpa saved his life Climbing in isolation "  This is not real mountaineering . To me , if you can not free climb a mountain and you need someone else to help you up or down , you do n't belong on it . " Weidlich hits out at claims that Sherpas had forced people to abandon the mountain saying they had treated her well . She also speaks of the excitement of climbing in isolation . "  I am very much looking forward to experiencing the mountain for what it is , without the crowds . It will be rewarding to be in contact with nature -- to hear the cracking of the ice and not the generators . " When at last the gales ease , it is finally time for Weidlich to face the mountain , but she is ultimately unable to reach her goal . Because of the dangers on the Icefall , both Weidlich and Wang bypass it using helicopters -- a highly controversial move that could invalidate any claim to a successful climb . Wang reaches the summit of Everest on May 23 along with five Sherpas . Weidlich , however , decides to abandon her attempt on Lhotse because "  that would be like claiming a whole mountain when I would only have climbed half of it . " Shortly afterward , the monsoon closes in for good , leaving Everest to brood alone over another season of triumphs for some and tragedies for others . Andrea Oschetti is a Hong Kong-based freelance travel writer currently traveling through Bhutan and Nepal .	Cleonice Pacheco Weidlich refuses to abandon her Everest climb after 16 killed in mountain tragedy Disaster prompted concerns over conditions on mountain and calls for an early end to climbing season Some Sherpas complained over pay and a lack of respect for their traditions and towards those who died Weidlich says her solo attempt on Lhotse peak had the backing of Sherpas who she says treated her well
Geneva , Switzerland  CNN  -- Western diplomats and Iran appear to be inching toward a breakthrough agreement that could slow the nation 's suspected progress toward a nuclear bomb while easing some sanctions that have hobbled its economy . Top diplomats from the United States , France , Great Britain and Germany rushed to Geneva on Friday to see whether they could close the deal , which has emerged suddenly after years of frustrating stalemates and Western suspicions of Iranian cat-and-mouse games with international weapons inspectors . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov may join them on Saturday , Russia 's state-run Ria Novosti news service reported . China 's foreign minister is also headed to Geneva , according to Press TV . The planned arrivals Saturday of those officials suggested negotiations did not reach a deal Friday night , as the chief Iranian negotiator -- Foreign Minister Javad Zarif -- had earlier predicted . Negotiations on Saturday will include a meeting of U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and Zarif . "  The negotiations have reached  a  critical , very sensitive situation , and it needs decisions at higher levels , " Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi told reporters in Geneva . The emerging deal would ease some sanctions on Iran if it stops enriching uranium to 20 % purity -- a key step on the path to a nuclear weapon -- destroys its existing stockpile and takes other steps , according two senior U.S. administration officials . For years , international leaders have suspected Iran of working toward nuclear weapons , fearful of the instability such a scenario could bring to the already tense Middle East . Those fears include the possibility of a pre-emptive Israeli strike that could spark a broader conflict . In the past , Iran has threatened Israel with military attack . Iran has denied working toward a nuclear weapon , and has said it will not submit to any plan that would totally eliminate its nuclear program . Despite those issues , Zarif said a deal is within reach . "  We are at a very sensitive stage of negotiations , and it is best if these negotiations are done at the negotiating table rather than on live television , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  But I can tell you that we are prepared to address some of the most immediate concerns that have been raised , and we expect reciprocally our concerns to be met by the P5 +1 . " He had earlier predicted the talks could produce a deal by Friday night . U.S. official : We think Iran wants a nuclear deal -- and fast Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is not involved in the talks , warned that the proposed agreement is "  the deal of a century for Iran " but a "  very dangerous and bad deal for peace . " "  It 's a very bad deal , " he said . "  Iran is not required to take apart even one centrifuge . But the international community is relieving sanctions on Iran for the first time after many years . Iran gets everything that it wanted at this stage and pays nothing . " British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted Friday that he had discussed the talks with French President Francois Hollande and they agreed the talks "  offer an opportunity to make real progress . " Separately , the International Atomic Energy Agency , the United Nations ' atomic watchdog agency , announced its director will travel to Iran on Monday to meet senior Iranian leaders . The agency 's nuclear experts will meet the same day with their Iranian counterparts in Tehran , the agency said . Despite the progress , officials said much work remains to be done . Kerry said "  some important gaps " remain in the negotiations , echoing earlier comments from his French counterpart , Laurent Fabius . U.S. officials outline possible deal Two senior U.S. administration officials said that , under the potential deal , Iran would agree : -- to stop enriching nuclear fuel to 20 % purity ; -- to render unusable most of its existing stockpile of such fuel ; -- to agree not to use advanced IR-2 centrifuges , which can enrich nuclear fuel five times faster than older centrifuges ; -- not to activate a plutonium reactor at Arak . In turn , the P5 +1 would agree : -- to unfreeze some Iranian assets held in banks overseas ; -- to consider easing sanctions banning trade in gold , precious metals and petrochemicals . Other sweeteners were also under consideration , they said . One of the officials said the deal is designed to "  stop Iran 's progress by stopping the shortening of time by which they could build a nuclear weapon " while also providing temporary , reversible sanctions relief to Iran . That official cautioned the deal is not done , but said it could happen if the Iranians agree to the P5 +1 's demands . Most sanctions to stay in place Speaking to NBC on Thursday , Obama said the United States would retain its "  core sanctions " in place against Iran while granting "  very modest relief " from economic sanctions . "  So that if it turned out during the course of the six months when we 're trying to resolve some of these bigger issues that they 're backing out of the deal , they 're not following through on it , or they 're not willing to go forward and finish the job of giving us assurances that they 're not developing a nuclear weapon , " Obama told NBC , "  we can crank that dial back up . " Broader implications The strategy of pursuing a phased deal "  is a sensible way for the administration to proceed , " said Nicholas Burns , former U.S. ambassador to NATO . And if it works , reaching a deal with Iran would be "  stunning , " said Jane Harman , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center and a former member of the House Intelligence Committee . "  This is way beyond the initial deal that people speculated about , " she said on CNN 's "  New Day " on Friday . "  If this can work , if they can get to this agreement today , I see all kinds of advantages for other issues pending in the Middle East , like Syria , " she said . Iran 's cooperation could be key to ending the civil war there , she said . ` Getting to the root of the problem ' The details were hashed out during a bilateral U.S.-Iran meeting -- part of an apparent effort on each side to mend fences -- which lasted about an hour on the sidelines of broader talks under way in Geneva . The U.S. delegation was led by Under Secretary of State Wendy Sherman . The Iranian delegation was led by Deputy Foreign Minister Araqchi . Iran talks : Do we want a deal or a war ? "  The main issue is getting to the root of the problem , which is the enrichment issue and all things that lead from that , " Michael Mann , spokesman for Ashton , said on the sidelines of negotiations . Moments later , the Iranian state-run Fars News Agency tweeted a quote from Araqchi : "  Enrichment is our red line , and its suspension is unacceptable . " Iran 's supreme leader ` not optimistic ' about nuclear talks When CNN asked Araqchi about the issue of uranium enrichment , he declined to answer . "  The talks are extremely complex and are now going into a serious phase , " Mann said . "  We want to focus on substance and hope there will be concrete progress over the next couple of days . " Zarif said Iran 's nuclear program would continue in some form . "  There wo n't be a suspension of our enrichment program in its entirety , " he said . "  But we can deal with various issues . Various issues are on the table . " History of the issue The sudden progress in meetings between Iran and the group of nations known as the P5 +1 or EU3 +3 -- United States , France , Britain , Russia , China and Germany -- comes after years of stalemate between Western nations and Iran over its nuclear program . It also follows a slight thaw in relations between Iran and the West under newly elected president Hassan Rouhani . Iran has always maintained its nuclear program is for purely peaceful purposes , despite repeated findings by U.N. weapons inspectors that the country appeared to be conducting nuclear weapons research . In August , the International Atomic Energy Agency -- the U.N. nuclear watchdog -- estimated that since declaring its nuclear program , Iran has processed 10 metric tons of uranium to 5 % purity , the level used for nuclear power plants . The International Atomic Energy Agency estimates that Iran has a stockpile of 410 pounds  185 kilograms  of uranium at 20 % purity . Weapons experts warn that this uranium could be further refined for use in a nuclear warhead . Although experts suggest that amount would not be enough for a single warhead , the IAEA has warned that it believes Iran 's nuclear program could have "  possible military dimensions . " Iran has been under crippling U.N. sanctions related to its nuclear program since 2006 . The United States first sanctioned Iran over its nuclear program in 2000 . Resolutions and sanctions passed by the United Nations in 2006 called on Iran to halt all enrichment activities and clarify that its nuclear facilities were being used for peaceful purposes only . CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Geneva . CNN 's Elise Labott reported from Washington . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Andrew Carey and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Iranian negotiator says "  decisions  are needed  at higher levels " Russian and Chinese foreign ministers are n't expected until Saturday Top Western diplomats rushed to Geneva earlier Friday amid rising hopes for deal "  Some important gaps " remain , Secretary of State John Kerry says
CNN  -- Singer Carrie Underwood has gotten engaged to hockey player beau Mike Fisher , her spokesperson confirmed to CNN . "  I 'm happy to confirm that Carrie Underwood is engaged to Mike Fisher , and the couple could n't be happier , " said Jessie Schmidt . "  No wedding date has been set at this time . " Fisher plays for the Ottawa Senators hockey team in Canada . During an appearance on Ellen Degeneres ' talk show in November , Underwood joked with the host that the relationship -- then almost a year long -- was the longest she had ever had . "  I joke and say my dogs are the longest relationship ever , " Underwood said . The couple have been enjoying a long distance relationship and Underwood demurred at the idea of living together . "  No , call me old-fashioned , " Underwood said during her interview with Ellen . "  He 's there . I 'm here . We 're both doing our thing and it 's good . The next guy I move in with will be my hubby . " Underwood , who has risen from being a former winner of "  American Idol " to a country music superstar , has been linked in the past with Dallas Cowboys football player Tony Romo and "  Gossip Girl " actor Chace Crawford .	Country singer Carrie Underwood engaged to hockey player Mike Fisher The pair have been enjoying a long distance relationship as he lives in Canada In November , Underwood said the almost yearlong relationship was her longest to date
CNN  -- Authorities evacuated thousands from a Chicago-area hotel Sunday after guests complained that a noxious odor was spreading . Now detectives are investigating , and police say it appears that "  an intentional act " was behind high levels of chlorine gas that forced the evacuation at the Hyatt Regency O'Hare in Rosemont , Illinois , early Sunday morning . The hotel was hosting the Midwest FurFest , a convention where many attendees don animal costumes and "  celebrate furry fandom , that is , art , literature and performance based around anthropomorphic animals , " according to the event 's website . Video from CNN affiliate WGN shows guests dressed as foxes , tigers and bears spilling onto the streets as fire trucks and hazmat crews arrive . Nineteen people who suffered from nausea and dizziness were treated and transported to area hospitals , officials said . "  This incident is being treated as a criminal matter , " the Rosemont Public Safety Department said in a statement . On Twitter , organizers of the annual conference said they were looking for tips about what happened . Investigators detected a high level of chlorine gas in the air when they arrived at the hotel around 1 a.m. , officials said . Hazmat teams found the source of the smell in a stairwell on the hotel 's ninth floor : a "  substance , consistent in odor and appearance to powdered chlorine , " the public safety department said . In a statement Sunday , convention organizers said guests were allowed to return to their rooms several hours after the evacuation . "  In the course of investigating the scene , the Rosemont Police Department determined that this was a criminal act and began investigating it as such . This delayed allowing our guests back into the hotel , " the statement said , describing the situation as an "  unfortunate incident . " Refunds will not be offered , organizers said , "  because this was an unforeseen possibly criminal act . " CNN 's Kara Devlin , Teri Genova and Lauren Leslie contributed to this report .	Chlorine gas forces the evacuation of a hotel hosting the Midwest FurFest Guests dressed in animal costumes spill onto the streets 19 people are treated and transported to area hospitals Hazmat teams found the source in a stairwell ; authorities say it 's a "  criminal matter "
GITARAMA , Rwanda  CNN  -- What does Macy 's have to do with healing from genocide ? Nothing and everything . Iphigenia Mukantabana sits with Jean-Bosco Bizimana , her family 's killer , at her home after church . Fourteen years after Hutu extremists killed between 800,000 and 1 million people -- mostly Tutsis -- in a devastating slaughter , Rwandan women are weaving peace baskets for sale at Macy 's in the United States . Not only does the work bring them a regular salary , the business is also fostering reconciliation between victim and perpetrator . Iphigenia Mukantabana , a master weaver , sits in front of her house in Gitarama -- an hour from the capital , Kigali -- making beautiful baskets with her friend Epiphania Mukanyndwi . In 1994 , Mukantabana 's husband and five of her children were hacked and clubbed to death by marauding Hutu militias . Among her family 's killers was Jean-Bosco Bizimana , Mukanyndwi 's husband . "  In my heart , the dead are dead , and they can not come back again , " Mukantabana said of those she lost . "  So I have to get on with the others and forget what has happened . " Forgetting and forgiving everything she lost , everything she witnessed . "  Women and girls were raped , and I saw it all , " she told CNN . "  The men and boys were beaten and then slaughtered . They told others to dig a hole , get in , then they piled earth on top of them , while they were still alive . " Watch Mukantabana say how she survived " Yet today , Mukantabana shares her future and her family meals with Bizimana , the killer she knew , and his wife , her friend Mukanyndwi . Bizimana did spend seven years in jail . He then went before a tribal gathering , part of a return to traditional ways by the new government in 2002 with Rwanda 's justice system unable to cope and process hundreds of thousands of imprisoned perpetrators . The government decided that the master planners and worst perpetrators would face formal justice . But lower-level killers were allowed to publicly confess and apologize to the families of their victims at gacaca courts , where elders would hear grievances and decide on the punishments . "  In the gacaca court , I told them how we killed our fellow men , and I asked for forgiveness in front of the court , and the whole district was there , " Bizimana said . "  The people who died in this very area -- I knew all of them because they were our neighbors . " Watch Bizimana describe how he killed Tutsis " He places blame squarely on the extremist Hutu government at the time and on vile radio broadcasts that urged on the killers during the 100-day slaughter . "  They were giving instructions all the time that was from the government , and so we thought it as the right thing because we were getting this instruction from the government , " Bizimana said . He showed where he and a Hutu mob had killed 25 people , including members of Mukantabana 's family , a few yards from where he had just shared lunch with her . "  We used machetes , hoes and wooden clubs , " he told CNN . Mukantabana admits that it was difficult to forgive . She said she did not speak to Bizimana or his wife for four years after the killings . What put her on the road to healing , she said , was the gacaca process . "  It has not just helped me , it has helped all Rwandans because someone comes and accepts what he did and he asks for forgiveness from the whole community , from all Rwandans , " she said . Bizimana said he did just that . "  You go in front of the people like we are standing here and ask for forgiveness , " he said . But despite his confession and apology , Mukantabana said , reconciliation would not have happened unless she had decided to open her heart and accept his pleas . "  I am a Christian , and I pray a lot , " she said , the pain etched in the lines on her face and around her sad eyes . But the basket business also played a key role in forging forgiveness and reconciliation after the horror . "  We knew how to weave baskets , " Mukantabana explained . "  It helped unite Rwandans in this area because they accepted me as the master weaver , and I could not say , ' I am not taking your basket ' or ' I am not helping you because you did something bad to me . ' " See photos of the women who have learned to forgive " Macy 's sold the first "  peace baskets " in 2005 , and officials say the deal generates between $ 300,000 and $ 400,000 a year . A Rwandan weaver can earn about $ 14 per week -- a king 's ransom in a country where so many live on less than $ 1 per week . The international project is a far cry from 1994 , when the United States , Europe , the United Nations and the rest of the world turned away while the genocide went unchecked in Rwanda . "  They did n't care ; they were totally indifferent , " Rwandan President Paul Kagame told CNN in his office in Kigali . He said the world thought Rwanda "  was just another bloody African situation where people just kill each other and that 's it . " Watch Kagame explain why he sought reconciliation " Today , Rwanda is an African success story . It has one of the fastest economic growth rates in the region , one of the lowest crime rates and the lowest rate of HIV-AIDS . About one-third of Rwanda 's cabinet are female ministers , and 48 percent of parliamentarians are women -- the highest anywhere in the world , according to the United Nations . The country looks squeaky clean thanks to many local and national programs , including a mandatory policy that sees even government ministers participate in clean-up once a month . Plastic bags are banned . The international business community praises Rwanda 's good governance and the absence of official corruption or graft . Kagame is credited not just with turning Rwanda around , but with being the driving force behind rejecting revenge . "  We were in danger of having another genocide , " he said . "  People were so badly aggrieved they could easily have turned on those they thought were responsible for this and actually killed them in another wave of killings . But that did not happen , " he said . "  We said building a nation is the most important thing . " Now no one talks about Hutus or Tutsis , he explained . "  There is Rwanda , there are Rwandans , and the common interest we have for a better future for this country is more important than any other interest . " In Gitarama , Bizimana said , "  It hurts my heart to see that I did something wrong to friends of my family , to people who we even shared meals with , " he said . "  I am still asking for forgiveness from the people I hurt . " Amazingly , many seem to have forgiven .	Basket weaver 's husband , five children were hacked and clubbed to death One of killers was neighbor , caught up in hatred of Rwanda 's genocide But now , victim and perpetrator share lunch , forgiveness and a future President Paul Kagame says Rwanda is healing , moving beyond 1994 genocide
CNN  -- The home of a Syrian musician 's family was ransacked this week , an act viewed as further intimidation by security forces angry at his views about the government . Malek Jandali , a renowned composer and pianist in Syria , told CNN Saturday that he learned from close sources that two armed security officers broke into his family 's Homs residence and looted and destroyed furniture . The house was empty because his parents had fled to the United States . Jandali , an American citizen living in Atlanta , says he believes security forces targeted his family because of his pro-opposition performances . He said he hoped his music would promote harmony , peace and understanding , but he believes a July performance in Washington prompted thugs to assault his parents . He says the Thursday night break-in was retaliation for the publication of his parents ' photos after the beating . Images posted on Facebook showed evidence of a brutal beating . Jandali thinks the forces did n't know his parents had fled their home . "  When they could n't find anybody , they looted the house , " he said . A security camera in the house recorded their movements , Jandali said . The Syrian government crackdown against protesters began in mid-March , with death tolls estimated to be high as 3,000 . The government 's stance has been widely deplored over the world . The office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said Friday that "  prominent human rights defenders , inside and outside the country " and "  families and sympathizers of the protesters " are reported to have been targeted by security forces . Malek Jandali says his parents -- Dr. Mamoun Jandali , 73 , and Linah Droubi 66 -- have been among such family members targeted . The July attack unfolded as Mamoun Jandali was carrying groceries from his car to his home in Homs . A man grabbed him from behind and asked him to help care for someone who had been injured . When the surgeon , agreed to do so , the man spoke into his cell phone and said to bring the patient . Moments later , two other men showed up unaccompanied by any patient . They handcuffed the doctor , covered his mouth and nose with duct tape , then took him upstairs . Linah was in bed at the time . The three men beat the father and pummeled the mother brutally , causing severe injuries to her face . They locked them both in their bathroom , and ransacked the house . They were bleeding and stuck in the dark during the ransacking , Mamoun held onto his cell phone during the ordeal . After the attackers left , Linah grabbed the cell phone and called relatives . They in turn called political security forces , the only ones who could unlock the handcuffs . They decided to leave Syria after they were assaulted last summer . They moved from one house to the next for a while to stay safe . With the help of the U.S. State Department , they were able to obtain visas to get to the United States . Mamoun arrived in Atlanta a few days ago . Linah arrived in Detroit a few weeks ago where she is staying with another son , Rami Jandali , a prosthodontist . She is getting medical treatment and she will eventually go to Atlanta to reunite with her husband . Mamoun Jandali told CNN the assault was "  unexpected . " "  I thank God that they did n't kill us , " he said . "  They referred to my son Malek " and said "  this is a lesson to teach you how to raise your son Malek . " Asked about life in Syria , the doctor described a country in turmoil . Citing reports of wounded demonstrators seized by security forces , Jandali said he has been asked to treat people in their homes because they are afraid to go to the hospitals . He said he "  ca n't imagine " there would be people who would force doctors to stop anesthesia and end operations and then take away the wounded . A recent Human Rights Watch report has accounts of security force hospital raids . "  People are angry because there is no human rights , " he said . "  The regime is very brutal in its behavior with the demonstrators . " He thinks the problems there can be solved if the ruling Baath Party 's power becomes limited and President Bashar al-Assad resigns . "  Personally , I think this regime will not respond to any advice , to any statement telling him to step down , " he said . "  They think they have this land as a heritage . " He said the economy is worsening and soldiers are leaving the army . He ponders the specter of more instability . "  If it does go in this way , we will have civil war or some countries from outside will come and help one group against the other , " he said . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report	The Jandali family home is in Homs The U.N. cites the targeting of families and sympathizers Malek Jandali 's parents are now in the United States
CNN  -- I was stunned . We were deep into the fall semester at the University of North Carolina journalism school , where I taught feature writing . I was showing the students an example of a travel article , one I had written for The New York Times about Plymouth , Massachusetts . I read a few paragraphs from the opening scene , with U.S. 44 winding through cranberry bogs , a billboard coming into view with images of Gov. William Bradford and Elder Brewster , the greeting in boldface letters : Welcome to Plymouth -- America 's Hometown , and a black Pilgrim hat that conjured up memories of all those Thanksgiving pageants in grade school when Priscilla said : "  Speak for yourself , John . " A student in the second row said , "  Who 's John ? And ... this Priscilla ? " A student in front of her said , "  I 've never heard of these people . " That 's when a young woman in the front row said , "  Yeah , I kept wondering , who are these dudes ? " I felt sheer incredulity now . "  Capt. Myles Standish ?! " The no was in the silence . A silence that morphed into sympathy . They had n't meant to make me feel so bad . A student at the other end of the second row squinted in deep thought , admitting that Myles Standish sort of rang a bell . "  Was n't he the captain of the ship ? " I did n't know you could get through grade school without those Thanksgiving pageants and the Priscilla-John Alden-Myles Standish triangle immortalized by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Nor did I think you could get through the American history courses that follow or become a student at one of the top public universities in the land without encountering those names . Or Gov. William Bradford . Or Elder Brewster . Publishers of textbooks have pretty much dropped the Pilgrims . Maybe they are sensitive to separation of church and state , or do n't want to jeopardize their sales to schools and school boards . It 's true , too , that lots of more recent history has had to be added to textbooks , for World War II and the Cold War , not to mention Vietnam , the space race , the civil rights movement and the too many assassinations and assassination attempts . That leaves little or no room for the Pilgrims and what they did . But I say no more . Opinion : Some uncomfortable truths about Thanksgiving No more forgetting , casting Priscilla and John Alden , Capt. Myles Standish , Bradford and Elder Brewster aside -- left in the ditch of history . Let 's hear it for the Pilgrims ! I say this not for personal reasons -- I am a member of the General Society of Mayflower Descendants -- but because their story is an important part of this country 's history . When they boarded the Mayflower in Plymouth , England , in 1620 , it was not because they did n't have anything better to do . They did not sail across the Atlantic , still a great unknown , simply to see what was on the other side . They came aboard the ship -- a very small ship for such a big ocean , all the more evident if you have stepped aboard the replica Mayflower II -- and sailed west because they had a deep and abiding desire to worship their God as they saw fit . There were 102 of them . The Pilgrims did not occupy passenger cabins , however small those cabins might have been back then . They were considered the cargo for the voyage , and so crossed in the cargo space , the deck -- a dark deck -- below the crew 's quarters . Halfway across , the ship was damaged by a bad storm . In another storm , John Howland was swept off the deck of the ship into the ocean ; he managed to grab a rope and was pulled back on deck . Oceanus Hopkins was born at sea . Peregrine White was born after they reached Cape Cod . The Mayflower dropped anchor in Provincetown Harbor on November 22 , 1620 .  Some historians give the date as November 11 . Later that day 41 men gathered in a cabin to draw up the rules of governance for their colony -- a document that has come to be known as the Mayflower Compact . Those 41 men then affixed their signatures to one of the great liberty documents of history . It would become the keystone for the U.S. Constitution . It took almost a month for the search party to find a suitable place for their settlement , but they finally found it : an abandoned Wampanoag village with a plentiful water supply , good harbor , cleared fields and a hill on which to build a fort for protection . The Mayflower pulled up anchor in Provincetown Harbor and dropped anchor in Plymouth Harbor December 21 . The dead of winter . No Holiday Inn . Just cold , bleak shoreline , with only the trees and hills to offer shelter . The first passengers went ashore December 21 -- whether on Plymouth Rock is subject to debate . Richard Pickering , deputy executive director of Plimoth Plantation , points out that , as the naval historian Samuel Eliot Morison has noted , men in boats tend to avoid big rocks . Whatever the truth of the landing , the captain of the Mayflower did not simply put the Pilgrims ashore and return to England . Capt. Christopher Jones -- not Standish -- kept the ship in the harbor so the men could go ashore each day to build homes -- simple , one-room cottages the size of suburban garden sheds today -- then return to the safety of the ship . For future safety , a large gun was mounted on a platform atop the hill that overlooked the harbor . But the enemy that first winter was the "  general sickness , " the near plague of colds , coughs and fevers . "  Because only five to seven men were well enough to tend the sick and bury the dead , " Pickering said , "  a common burial was used . " In mid-March 1621 , as the sickness was abating , Massasoit , chief of the Wampanoag tribe , appeared and befriended them . Squanto , who had been captured by English sailors and lived briefly in London , showed them how to plant corn . Come spring , when Jones prepared to set sail for the return voyage -- a voyage delayed by the loss of members of his crew to the "  general sickness " that had claimed so many of his passengers -- he invited any of the Pilgrims who wished to do so , to return . Half of them had died . Yet not one single one went . "  By the standards of that day or by the amphibious doctrine of any day , " historian Morison wrote , "  the leaders of Plymouth Colony took incommensurate risks , yet they came through marvelously well . They attributed that success to Almighty God ... . But the Lord helps those who help themselves , and these people were valiant in the face of danger , resourceful in difficulties , and possessed of an innate common sense , not only in dealing with the fools and rascals among themselves but with the enemy on our coasts , the American Indian . " The following autumn , to give thanks for the bounty of their crops and well-being , the Pilgrims -- 16 men , four women , 23 children and nine hired seamen or servants -- held a harvest festival . The record shows that the bounty included wild fowl , codfish , bass and "  a great store of wild turkeys . " Massasoit , the chief , arrived with 90 of his men to be "  entertained and feasted " in a three-day celebration of the harvest . "  During the course of the event , " Pickering said , "  they went out and killed five deer , which they presented ceremonially to the men they perceived as the important men in the colony -- an honorific gift . " Our Thanksgiving has its roots in that gathering , though -- the wish to give thanks and the gathering to eat . As does Thanksgiving dinner . Cranberries , a native berry the Indians introduced them to , apparently got their name from the Pilgrims . The stem so resembled a crane they called them "  crane-berries , " shortened over the years to cranberries . And pumpkins were such a staple the Pilgrims had a verse : We have pumpkins at morning , and pumpkins at noon If it were not for pumpkins , we should soon be undone . Thanksgiving by the numbers So , welcome your family -- or make the trip "  to grandmother 's house " -- enjoy the Thanksgiving football games , carve the turkey , add the dollop of cranberry sauce , save room for the pumpkin pie ... and remember the Pilgrims . As I hope the students in my class do too , now , with their families and possibly their children .	Val Lauder : Many people do n't know roots of Thanksgiving , story of Pilgrims in 1620 She says 102 people sailed from England to New World seeking religious freedom They landed , drew up Mayflower Compact , built colony at barren , wintry Plymouth Harbor Lauder : To celebrate harvest next fall , they had Thanksgiving meal with Native Americans
London , England  CNN  -- Heads hacked off , a bite from a lion , tiger or bear , massive muscles on massive men -- all clues that an ancient cemetery uncovered in northern England is the final resting place of gladiators , scientists have announced after seven years of investigations . The archeological dig has found "  what may be the world 's only well-preserved Roman gladiator cemetery , " the York Archaeological Trust said . Scientists have found 80 skeletons in the "  unique " cemetery under the city of York , northern England , since 2003 . They announced their discoveries on Sunday , ahead of a documentary about the site due to air in Britain on June 14 . This was one of two big archaeological developments , with Israeli scientists announcing the discovery of a huge cache of ancient religious objects . They first thought the graveyard might contain the remains of criminals or political purges . But that does n't explain the teeth mark . "  One of the most significant items of evidence is a large carnivore bite mark - probably inflicted by a lion , tiger or bear -- an injury which must have been sustained in an arena context , " said Kurt Hunter-Mann , the lead archeologist on the dig . "  Nothing like them has ever been identified before on a Roman skeleton , " said Michael Wysocki , who examined the remains in the forensic anthropology laboratory at the University of Central Lancashire . He said the bite marks suggest the remains were of someone who fought as a gladiator . "  It would seem highly unlikely that this individual was attacked by a tiger as he was walking home from the pub in York 2,000 years ago , " he said . One arm was bigger than the other in many remains , the scientists found -- a suggestion that the men were gladiators who trained from a young age with a weapon in one hand . Other clues include healed and unhealed weapon injuries , possible hammer blows to the head , and burial with "  grave goods " such joints of meat or pottery -- a sign of respect . It 's not certain that the men were gladiators , Hunter-Mann cautioned . "  The research is continuing and we must , therefore , keep an open mind , " the archeologist said . But "  almost all the individuals are male , very robust and mostly above average height -- features which would also be consistent with a gladiator interpretation . Many also have muscle attachment marks on their arm bones suggesting severe muscle stress , " he said . They also appear to come from all over the Roman empire , which straddled the Mediterranean for hundreds of years , starting more than 2,000 years ago . "  These are internationally important discoveries . We do n't have any other potential gladiator cemeteries with this level of preservation anywhere else in the world , " Wysocki said . The skeletons are between 1,600 and 1,900 years old . The most impressive grave was that of a tall man aged between 18 and 23 , buried , probably in a coffin , in a large oval grave about 1,700 years ago . He had been decapitated by several sword blows to the neck , the scientists said . Buried with him were what appear to have been the remains of substantial joints of meat from at least four horses -- that left behind 424 horse bones -- possibly consumed at the funeral , plus some cow and pig remains . Other graves also had joints of horse , sheep or chicken , possibly remains of funeral feasts , the archeologists speculated . The site was first discovered when archeologists probed an area scheduled for a housing development in 2003 . Also on Monday , Israeli archeologists announced the discovery of a huge cache of religious objects about 3,500 years old -- older than the Bible itself , and nearly twice the age of the Roman skeletons . "  It would appear that the vessels were used in a pagan cult that worshipped idols . During this period it was customary that each city had a temple of its own where special cultic vessels were used , " said archaeologists Uzi Ad and Edwin van den Brink . They include a vessel that was used for burning incense , a sculpted face of a woman that was part of a cultic cup used in dedicating a libation to a god , goblets and bowls with high bases and tableware that was intended for eating and drinking , the Israel Antiquities Authority said . Scientists called the discovery "  extremely rare " -- both because it is so old and because the objects are so well preserved . Some of them had been brought from Mycenae in Greece , including a storage vessel for precious oils -- evidence of the ancient trade relations that existed with Greece , they said .	Archeological dig finds bodies showing teeth marks , injuries from weapons Experts say clues point to gladiators buried in cemetery ` Highly unlikely that this individual was attacked by a tiger as he was walking home from the pub ' Israeli archeologists announced the discovery of a huge cache of religious objects about 3,500 years old
London , England  CNN  -- Estelle : Back To Love Estelle is one prime example of how UK talent is taking the world by storm . When I met her at the 2004 MOBO Awards , where she won the Best Newcomer award , I felt she was going to become an international sensation . Now a three-time MOBO award winner , she seems to get better and better each time she releases new material . She recently created a free mixtape called "  AOM : The Prequel , " which could have easily been another record , but the song that I just love is "  Back To Love . " The track 's message can come across a bit upsetting since it 's about her ex-boyfriend moving on . But Estelle makes you think of the bigger picture and does n't dwell on the past but looks to the future . It is the perfect message to convey . KOF : Be Like You KOF is an artist who shows it 's not just the artists from London who have a big future ahead of them . We rate the young man from Liverpool so highly that we made sure MOBO TV shot an acoustic session with him and one of the songs we were lucky enough to hear live was "  Be Like You . " The singer/songwriter 's second single is getting huge support from the UK radio stations like 1Xtra and Choice FM , and rightly so . He is re-injecting true soul music back in the public eye and I can only support this as soul music is the first genre of music I fell in love with . It was one of the reasons why I started up the MOBO Awards in 1996 . Apart from , of course , Adele , there are not enough musicians out there who can really touch your innerself like the greats , such as Aretha Franklin , could many years ago . Obviously , these artists are plying their trade in the UK , but KOF , however , is getting the recognition he deserves quicker than most . Mary J Blige : 25/8 One of my favorite all-time artists Mary J Blige returned this year . I was so happy to see the release of her new album "  My Life II ... The Journey Continues Act 1 " as she seems to be back to her best . One of R&B 's most important and critically-acclaimed artists , she has had many problems in her personal life , but with pain comes acceptance , then joy , and Mary is able to put them all behind her to create some of the best R&B songs to come out of America in the past 20 years . "  25/8 " is a track that meets all of the criteria of what Mary J Blige is all about . It 's soul meets hip hop with her rough vocals complementing the track . It 's safe to say nobody in the world could cover a Mary J Blige song and get the same raw and powerful emotion . A true great among us and like a fine wine , only gets better with age . Labrinth ft Tinie Tempah : Earthquake Probably the nicest man in the music business , Labrinth has become a big name in the music business without even releasing records , but producing some of the UK scene 's most successful tracks in the past couple of years . He was the mastermind behind Tinie Tempah 's hits "  Pass Out , " "  Frisky " and "  Wonderman , " as well as putting his mark on Ms Dynamite 's comeback single "  Neva Soft " and Yasmin 's hit "  Finish Line . " After giving us a little taste of what Labrinth the artist is about last year with "  Let The Sunshine , " the man from Hackney brought the year to a standstill with his new track "  Earthquake . " Featuring the amazing Tinie Tempah , the whole song from start to finish displays a new level of excitement and constantly surprises you since it works on so many levels . When the song goes to a standstill and you hear a dark version of the chorus before the beat kicks in is a stroke of genius that only Labrinth could come up with . Not to mention , the video is surreal ! 2012 will be a big year for Labrinth . Kimbra : Settle Down Kimbra is a surprise choice of mine as about a month ago , I did n't know she existed . But our new website editor brought her to my attention as he listens to a wide range of genres and played a song by Gotye in the office called "  Somebody I Used To Know , " which features Kimbra . Apparently she experiments with jazz and soul music so I gave her a listen and now I ca n't get enough of her track "  Settle Down . " The young New Zealander reminds me of a young Nina Simone with a voice that does n't suit her at all since it seems like her vocal chords have aged beyond her current time . I believe in finding new artists as you ca n't just live in the past when it comes to music . Music styles will change and it 's important for us to keep up to date with the new sounds . I predict Kimbra is going to be around for a long time . The opinions in this piece are solely those of Kanya King .	Kanya King launched the Music of Black Origin awards in 1996 King chooses her five favorite current artists and one of their recent tracks Choices include Mary J. Blige and Estelle
CNN  -- Cloud cover and higher humidity slowed the growth of a wildfire burning in central Idaho this weekend , but officials warned they 're not out of the woods yet . The Beaver Creek Fire has burned some 100,916 acres , up from nearly 93,000 on Saturday and 64,000 acres on Friday . It is 9 % contained . "  It 's pretty tough all the way around , " said Stephen Dane , a fire spokesman . "  But we have some veteran firefighters who know what they are doing and they are fighting their hearts out . They are doing an amazing job , working night and day . They are not giving this fire any slack . " Approximately 1,200 firefighters are working the blaze , with the help of helicopters , bulldozers and conventional engines , Dane said . The fire , located northwest of Hailey and some six miles south of Ketchum , has forced nearby residents to flee . Mandatory evacuation orders had grown from 1,600 homes to more than 2,200 homes by late Saturday afternoon . "  I remember how fast those flames can move . I just got out of there , " David Seidler , a Ketchum resident , told CNN affiliate KTVB . "  This is real serious , I was prepared to leave anyway . And it was only as I was going out , I saw the police there . They said , ` It 's mandatory . ' I said , ` It 's mandatory for me right now anyway . ' " According to Dane , the fire has scorched eight structures so far , including a commercial building . No one has been injured . He said that he 'd heard that Sun Valley -- home to a well-known ski resort -- was using snow blowers and sprinklers to shoot water on the mountainside . "  There 's still a bit of distance before the fire would get to Bald Mountain , the ski resort area , but they are protecting the area just in case , " he said . The Beaver Creek Fire was ignited by lightning on August 7 . It 's not the only fire burning in the state . At least nine large fires have scorched 407,883 acres across Idaho , which is experiencing the most wildland fire activity of any state , according to the Boise-based National Interagency Fire Center . "  As some of the other large fires in Idaho such as the Elk Fire have ramped down , we have been able to transfer a lot of resources from there to the Beaver Creek Fire , " said Jennifer Mislivy , a fire spokeswoman . "  Also , if conditions do not get worse , we will be able to lift some mandatory evacuations about 9 tomorrow morning , possibly allowing residents of about 200 homes to return , " she said . CNN 's Paul Vercammen and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Beaver Creek Fire has scorched more than 100,000 acres It is 9 % contained ; 1,200 firefighters are working the blaze "  They are not giving this fire any slack , " a spokesman says
CNN  -- A Taiwanese fishing vessel that was seized by pirates and anchored off the Somali coast for nearly 10 months was released Thursday night , the European Union Naval Force Somalia reported . The Win Far 161 was held off the coast of Harardheere until the pirates left the ship and allowed its commander to retake control , the naval force said . The vessel was hijacked April in the Somali Basin , about 184 miles north of the Seychelles islands . The vessel reported that all 28 crew members were safe . The boat was operating outside the EU NAVFOR area of operation and was therefore not registered with the Maritime Security Centre for the Horn of Africa , authorities said . The coordination center helps protect merchant ships from pirate attacks in the Gulf of Aden , Somali Basin and off the Horn of Africa . The ship 's owner reported that the crew was released with food , fuel and water . The ship headed out to sea , where it was being monitored by EU NAVFOR . EU NAVFOR escorts Somalia vessels carrying humanitarian aid from the World Food Program to protect them in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean and to deter and disrupt piracy .	Taiwanese fishing vessel was held for 10 months off coast Vessel reports that all 28 crew members are safe Ship headed out to sea , being monitored by European naval forces
CNN  -- Mitt Romney heads in to Illinois 's presidential primary this week with a handy win in Puerto Rico , pocketing the territory 's 20 GOP delegates in a bruising race that has become a numbers game for the Republican nomination . With about 83 % of total ballots accounted for early Monday in Puerto Rico , Romney had garnered more than 98,000 votes -- or 83 % of the total -- based on unofficial results obtained from local party and election officials . Rick Santorum was a distant second , at 8 % with slightly more than 9,500 votes . The other two candidates , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Texas Rep. Ron Paul , were barely registered in the race with 2,431 votes , or 2 % of the vote , and 1,452 votes , or 1 % , respectively . Even as the vote was being counted in Puerto Rico , Romney , Santorum and the other candidates were already on the mainland vying for delegates in Illinois and Louisiana . Illinois holds its primary on Tuesday and Louisiana on Saturday . CNN 's latest delegate estimates show Romney with 518 delegates to Santorum 's 239 . Gingrich has 139 delegates , and Paul , the libertarian champion , has 69 delegates . To secure the nomination , 1,144 delegates are needed . Santorum , the former Pennsylvania senator , was in Louisiana late Sunday , where he is expected to win the primary . Romney was in Illinois where polls indicate he holds a small lead over Santorum , with Gingrich and Paul well behind . Romney framed his win in Puerto Rico as the territory 's desire for a candidate that "  most represents their feelings " -- and especially their desire to nominate some who can bring about a stronger economy and a smaller government . He also said his party can appeal to Latinos , and win the presidency , with a low-tax , pro-business message . "  Those people who do n't think that Latinos will vote for a Republican need to take a look in Puerto Rico , " said the former Massachusetts governor , noting that the territory 's governor and its legislative leaders are conservative . "  Hispanic voters are going to vote for Republicans if we stand for something -- conservative principles that bring growth and good jobs and rising home values . That 's how we 're going to win , and we 're going to get Latino voters to help us out . " Romney had entered the contest in Puerto Rico as the favorite . He was largely backed by the island government 's political establishment , including Gov. Luis Fortuno , who campaigned with Romney last week . Santorum , the former Pennsylvania senator , created a small political firestorm on the island in the days leading up to the primary when he said English should be the principal language in Puerto Rico before it could gain statehood . Puerto Rico will vote on a statehood referendum in November . After arriving in Puerto Rico on Friday , Romney said he would have "  no preconditions " on language for Puerto Rico to gain statehood , though during a CNN debate in January he said English should be the nation 's official language . Santorum immediately hit back , accusing Romney of flip-flopping . Romney fired back that English has been the official language of the government in Puerto Rico for more than 100 years . The heated , see-saw allegations between the two candidates have marked much of the race for the GOP nomination , which Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , called "  the nastiest I 've ever seen " during an appearance Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet The Press . " Puerto Rico 's primary came two days before the showdown in Illinois , where 54 delegates will be awarded proportionally and polls show a tight race between Romney and Santorum . Asked over the weekend while campaigning in Missouri about whether a win in Illinois would mean he 'd win the nomination , Santorum said : "  We feel very , very good about it . Let 's put it that way . Really good about it . " Santorum also challenged Romney 's assertion that his business experience is one of his strongest credentials , telling CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union " on Sunday that , "  If Gov. Romney thinks that he is the CEO of America and can run and manage the economy , he does n't understand what conservatives believe in . " Romney 's campaign released an ad in Illinois on Friday , attacking Santorum for having "  never run a business or a state . " Santorum on Sunday said he had experience in the private sector as a lawyer , but argued that executive experience at a company is not necessary to be commander-in-chief . "  Running a business is not the same as being president of the United States , " he said . Santorum also gave no indication that he has plans to drop out of the race should his campaign reach a point where the delegate math does n't add up in his favor . "  What I 'm hearing is that we want a conservative nominee , that the establishment is trying to push a moderate like they did in 1976 against Ronald Reagan , like they did in 1996 with Bob Dole and what they did with John McCain , " Santorum said . "  I think conservatives would like an opportunity to nominate a conservative , and that 's an opportunity . " Both Santorum and Romney also focused their rhetoric at President Barack Obama , particularly with regard to rising gas prices . Romney said Obama needed to fire Secretary of Energy Steven Chu and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar for their role in driving up gas prices . "  Given the fact that  Obama has  changed his policies , wants lower gas prices , he needs to fire them and return to the energy policies we need , " Romney said during a town hall meeting in Collinsville , Illinois . Santorum told a crowd in Effingham , Illinois , to remember Obama at the gas pumps . "  When you see that zero come up , when it gets to the $ 100 range , when you see the zero , think of ` O ' for Obama because that 's why you are paying that extra amount of money , " Santorum said . CNN 's Jim Acosta , John Helton , Ashley Killough , Rachel Streitfeld and Shannon Travis contributed to this report . Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET . For the latest from State of the Union click here .	NEW : With 83 % of the vote in , Romney has 83 % of the primary vote in Puerto Rico NEW : Romney and Santorum are locked in a tight race in Illinois Romney now has 518 delegates , more than twice anyone else , CNN estimates Romney campaigned in Illinois , while Santorum is in Louisiana
CNN  -- Thandi Zulu was single , pregnant and staying at a women 's shelter in Houston , Texas , when she received a mysterious letter one day . Single mom Thandi Zulu says she was duped by a work-at-home scam . A company told Zulu that she could make big money working at home in a data-entry job . No résumé or experience was needed . All she had to do was pay a $ 200 fee . You probably know what happened next . Zulu called the company , gave them her checking account number and then tried to stop herself because she realized that she was doing something stupid . "  The moment I did it , I said ` Damn , this is a scam , ' " Zulu said of her 2001 nightmare . "  I put them on hold , and then I tried to call them back , but nobody was home . " Financial guru Bernard Madoff is grabbing headlines because he is accused of swindling wealthy clients out of $ 50 billion in a massive Ponzi scheme . But work-at-home scammers are also plundering the paltry savings of ordinary people like Zulu every day . Work-at-home-scams are on the rise , consumer watchdog groups say . Scammers are busier than ever because tough economic times are making people more desperate to make money , says Christine Durst , CEO of Staffcentrix , a company specializing in home-based careers that sifts through home-based job leads every day . iReport.com : Do you have a business at home ? Tell us Durst says people are searching more for home-based jobs to save money on gas , clothing and child care . Seniors are also looking to supplement their dwindling retirement income . Durst says Staffcentrix researchers screen about 5,000 home jobs leads every week , and there is a "  54-to-1 scam ratio . " "  This means that for every 55 -LSB- work-at-home -RSB- leads we investigate , only one passes our legitimacy standards , " she said . Work-at-home scammers have traditionally used letters , television commercials and magazine advertisements . But the Internet is becoming their favorite hunting ground , says Karen Hobbs , an attorney with the Federal Trade Commission , the federal agency responsible for consumer protection . "  The Internet is a boon for this industry , because it 's a very cheap method for reaching consumers across the U.S. and the world , " Hobbs said . Catching work-at-home scammers is difficult because they use online facades and fake identities , and they constantly change names and mailing addresses , Hobbs says . Those who are caught , though , can face serious time . One work-at-home scammer was sentenced to 22 months in federal prison last year and ordered to pay $ 293,619 in restitution , Hobbs says . But many scammers often act as if they 're too clever to get caught , Durst says . "  We have over the years engaged in e-mails with them , and frankly , they 're quite cocky , " Durst said . "  It 's a craft for them . They really pride themselves on understanding the human psyche . " Be wary of "  palm trees , beaches and bikinis " A consumer 's best defense against these clever predators is to develop their own guile , Durst says . First , they should learn how to spot the warning signs of a work-at-home scammer . Any advertisement that contains the phrase "  work at home " is immediately suspect , because working at home is not a job title , Durst says . Scammers use that phrase to bait their victims . Other warning signs : You 're required to pay a fee for additional information , promises of "  unbelievable pay ! " and claims that no experience is necessary or résumé is needed . Durst also says to watch out for "  palm trees , mansions , beaches and bikinis . " "  If the ad you 're looking at features palm trees , a mansion and a Ferrari , it 's probably a scam . Successful scammers often bag their prey by dangling enticing things in front of them , much like kidnappers do : ` If you get into my car , I 'll give you this candy bar , ' " Durst said . There are other rules people should follow as well : Never forward any money to an "  employer , " never give personal information like a Social Security or bank account number over the Internet and never agree to cash checks for a percentage under any circumstances , consumer watchdog experts say . Those who think they 've been scammed can still get help . They can contact the FTC  http://www.ftc.gov/  , the Better Business Bureau or the attorney general 's office in their state . Why do people still fall for them ? Despite the publicity generated by work-at-home scammers , why do so many people still fall for the scams ? Some consumer watchdog groups say it 's too simplistic to say that people are gullible . For example , many of the people who say they lost money in Madoff 's alleged Ponzi scheme were celebrity actors , writers , wealthy people -- people with abundant smarts . See some of the celebrities " Hobbs , from the FTC , says work-at-home scams appeal to that can-do spirit in Americans . "  Americans have an entrepreneurial sprit , " she said . "  Many people will want to work independently , and they 're looking for those opportunities , especially in hard times . " Durst , the CEO of Staffcentrix , cites another reason . "  It 's desperation , " she said . "  It 's the same reason people play the lottery : They think today could be their lucky day . " Zulu , the single mom , subscribes to Durst 's theory . "  I did n't pay attention , " she said . "  When you 're desperate and you 're looking for something , you just go ahead . I was pregnant , and I did n't have a job . I wanted to work at home . " Zulu says she finally found a legitimate job . She moved to Laurel , Mississippi , and now sells medical and dental plans through a company called Ameriplan USA . She even calls people and tells them that they can sell Ameriplan from their own homes . But sometimes she runs into an unexpected problem . "  They do n't believe me , " she said . "  People think we 're scammers . "	Single mom Thandi Zulu says she lost $ 200 in a work-at-home scam Feds : Internet is favorite place for scammers targeting at-home workers Work-at-home scams are on the rise , consumer watchdog groups say Expert : Watch out for "  palm trees , mansions , beaches and bikinis "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- His life has never been easy . Born into poverty and war , his ears and tail were chopped off when he was just a few months old in preparation for dog-fighting . He escaped to find a better life , only to be trapped in lonely , sterile quarantine for six months . Bear plays for the first time out of quarantine after coming to Britain from Afghanistan . But all that changed Monday when Bear the dog stepped out of British quarantine and through the doors of a London animal shelter . "  He 's absolutely a loving dog , " said former British Royal Marine Paul "  Penny " Farthing , who helped bring Bear to England . "  He just loves people . It 's a good thing he was brought back to the U.K. when he was quite young , so he 's never gone through having to fend for himself in the street and be made to dogfight . " An unknown soldier in Afghanistan first found Bear last year and brought him to a local Afghan animal shelter . The shelter was n't able to care for Bear , so it contacted Farthing , who now runs a charity for stray and abandoned animals , primarily dogs from Afghanistan . Farthing 's Nowzad Dogs is named for the Afghan town where he was based for a few months in 2006 . He asked Mayhew International , an arm of London 's Mayhew Animal Home , to help find Bear a new home . Mayhew International says Bear is one of the few dogs it has brought back to Britain . Usually it tries to find animals new homes within their own countries . "  Although Mayhew International does not encourage people to bring dogs to the U.K. from abroad as a general policy , we made an exception in this case as it was the perfect opportunity to highlight the plight of thousands of stray animals in Afghanistan , " the organization said in a statement . Bear 's story may be unique , but he is certainly not alone . Mayhew International , which works around the world to educate people about animal welfare , says there are countless dogs in Afghanistan that are homeless or trapped in a life of dogfighting -- an increasingly popular pastime in Afghanistan . "  Animal welfare is not looked so highly upon in Afghanistan , " said Christopher Sainsbury , Mayhew 's international projects officer . "  In war-torn areas , people tend to forget the animal welfare side of things . -LSB- We want to -RSB- make people aware that this is a key side of things that needs to be assessed , needs to be worked on . " Bear is a Koochi dog , a large breed common in Afghanistan , according to Dr. Mohammadzai Abduljalil , a Mayhew veterinarian from Afghanistan . While no one knows Bear 's exact age , Abduljalil said they believe he is just about a year old . You would n't know it by Bear 's size . He 's already a large dog nearly 3 feet high with large paws to match . Stepping into the Mayhew play area Monday for the first time , Bear made sure to sniff every corner of the room and mark his territory a few times before settling in to play . He had a puppy 's curiosity and quickly started playing fetch and tug-of-war with Farthing , wagging enthusiastically the small part of his tail which is left . Bear is lucky . He escaped a violent and uncertain future in Afghanistan . Not so for many other dogs left behind . It is those dogs that Farthing hopes to help with his charity . "  They need someone to look after them , so why not me ? " Farthing said . It began when the Royal Marines arrived in the war-torn town of Now Zad , in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , in October 2006 . They found stray dogs wandering the streets , scavenging for food , dodging bullets and seeking shelter from the hot days and cold nights . Many were also being used for dogfighting , with their ears and tails docked to make the fights last longer and give their opponents less to bite . Farthing and other Marines began to feed and care for a few dogs that wandered into their camp . At first they had three dogs , but other strays soon figured out the camp was a source of food and shelter , and before long the Marines found themselves caring for seven dogs and 14 puppies . Time was running out , however . The Marines were due to leave Now Zad in February 2007 and knew they could n't take the dogs with them . They looked for some way to make sure the dogs would be taken care of after they left . That 's when Farthing first contacted Mayhew International . They put him in touch with a small shelter in northern Afghanistan that Mayhew had assisted since its inception , providing advice and veterinary support . The shelter offered to take the dogs on one condition : The Marines had to arrange for the dogs ' transfer to Kabul , a difficult and dangerous three days ' drive away . Finding a taxi willing to accept dogs was the first hurdle ; the second was that the drivers refused to allow the dogs to be transported in Western-style cages , which would give away to the Taliban that the car was carrying foreigners . Instead , the dogs had to be tied with ropes , the Afghan way , and the puppies had to be stashed in small crates -- in this case , a bird cage . "  A lot was done on trust , " Farthing told CNN . "  The Afghans did it as a favor to us . We paid for some of their fuel and their costs , but it was fantastic . It was them helping us out . They did n't have to do it . It shows that the people of Afghanistan and us , we can work together . " In the end , most of the dogs made it to Kabul , but not without casualties . Two were left behind for lack of room in the taxi , and two more escaped along the way when a car door was accidentally left open . Three of the largest puppies were stolen , probably for dog fighting . Three dogs and eleven puppies finally made it to the shelter , but nine of the puppies later died due to an outbreak of disease and shortage of vaccines . Sainsbury , of Mayhew International , says the story of the Now Zad dogs and of Bear shows their efforts can help animals , even if it 's just one at a time . Mayhew International works with organizations already established in developing countries to plan mass sterilization drives that reduce the number of unwanted animals . They also train veterinary surgeons in modern neutering techniques that are quick and humane . "  The way that war makes looking after animal welfare harder is quite clear , " Sainsbury said . "  Animal welfare gets forgotten and it becomes a back-burner because organizations ... that were working in those war-torn countries will probably be unable to operate any longer . They 'll be unable to aid the populations of stray and community animals which would rely on their help originally . " Mayhew CEO Caroline Yates said staff have no idea how long it will take for Bear to find a new home . They hope the publicity surrounding his arrival in Britain will encourage people to think about adopting him . Yates said they hope to have him adopted within a month . Said Farthing , "  To be able to help just one -LSB- dog -RSB- is a reward in itself and a huge step to highlighting the undocumented suffering that animals in all war zones are subjected to . "	Bear the dog was born into poverty , had ears and tail chopped off for dogfighting Unknown soldier in Afghanistan first found Bear last year Royal Marines made preparations with company and locals to transport dogs Marine : "  It shows that the people of Afghanistan and us , we can work together "
CNN  -- As 10 wildfires raged across California , authorities accused one man Thursday of having deliberately set one of the larger fires that was burning nearly uncontrollably over 111 square miles , officials said . Wayne Allen Huntsman , 37 , faces one felony count of arson with a special allegation of a firefighter , peace officer or other emergency personnel having suffered great bodily injury in the so-called King Fire in northern California , according to the criminal complaint . Huntsman is being held on $ 10 million bail in El Dorado County Jail , said Sheriff John D'Agostini . The King Fire in Eldorado National Forest east of Sacramento exploded over a 24-hour period and nearly quadrupled to 73,184 acres Thursday from 18,544 acres a day earlier , authorities said . Evacuations were in effect for 2,819 people as the fire was only 10 % contained , officials said . More than 12,000 residences are being threatened by the fire . Residents reported gargantuan flames . "  Anytime the wind could change . It 's very unnerving to see this huge thing above where your home is , and so we are just down here to keep a close eye on things , " Tara Rosas of the Pollock Pines community told CNN affiliate KCRA . Flames approach rangers The fire even threatened a forest-ranger station near Pollock Pines , prompting rangers to turn their attention to defending their own quarters , said one off-duty firefighter who spoke with the foresters . The smoke lay so thick in the Sierra Nevada mountains that visibility was reduced to 200 feets , said Mike Forster of Oakland , an off-duty firefighter who was doing freelance photography . "  There is nothing but fuel and wilderness in front of it , " Forster said of the fire . "  If you look at it on a map , it 's heading toward Lake Tahoe , which could stop it , but there 's nothing but fuel before it gets there , " said Forster , who posted photos of the fire on his CNN iReport page . Lake Tahoe is about 50 miles away from the area to which Forster was referring . $ 5 million a day In all , 6,600 firefighters were battling the state 's 10 wildfires , and 150 arson investigators also were working , said Cal Fire Director Ken Pimlott . Fueling the fires is California 's ongoing historic drought . On Thursday , Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state emergency in El Dorado and Siskiyou counties , where the King Fire and another wildfire burned wide swaths of land and destroyed homes . The King Fire was proving costly to fight , officials said . Exacerbating conditions were steep terrain , changing winds and the fire 's speed , which made a run of more than 10 miles between Wednesday afternoon and Thursday 's dawn . "  We are continuing to spend $ 5 million a day , and there is no estimate for containment for this fire , " said Laurence Crabtree , Eldorado National Forest supervisor . "  This thing is just out of control at this point , " said CNN international meteorologist Ivan Cabrera . The Boles Fire Farther north , in Siskiyou County , near the border with Oregon , a smaller fire has already caused severe damage to property . The Boles Fire tore into the town of Weed this week , razing libraries , businesses and entire neighborhood blocks , according to CNN affiliate KDRV . The governor cited the damage by the Boles Fire in his emergency proclamation for the two counties . The blaze has destroyed at least 150 structures , according to Cal Fire , and crews are still assessing the scale of the damage . About 1,000 homes remain threatened , officials said . Images from the scene showed charred vehicles and patches of rubble where houses once stood . ` Devastating loss ' That fire , which covers 375 acres , is now 65 % contained , but evacuation orders remain in effect for some areas , Cal Fire said . Authorities say they want to allow people to return to their properties as soon as they can , but only when it 's safe to do so . "  At some point we 're going to have to remove this debris , " local fire official Koby Johns told KDRV . "  And before that , we need to , one , make sure there 's nobody here . And two , make sure there 's nothing that 's going to fall and injure a firefighter . " Announcing a state of emergency in El Dorado and Siskiyou , California Gov. Jerry Brown said , "  The wildfires in Northern California serve as a reminder that dry conditions can be the precursor to devastating loss . " Authorities have said California 's ongoing historic drought has helped fuel fires that have plagued areas across the state . The causes of the King and Boles fires are still under investigation . Here 's a summary of other wildfires , as of Friday : -- The Happy Camp Complex in Siskiyou County 's Klamath National Forest burned 130,139 acres and was 72 % contained . -- The July Complex fire in Siskiyou County 's Klamath National Forest and surrounding area charred 50,042 acres and was 98 % contained . -- The Meadow Fire in Mariposa County 's Yosemite National Park devastated 4,772 acres and was 90 % contained . -- The Boles Fire in Siskiyou County 's city of Weed burned 479 acres and was 95 % contained . -- The Courtney Fire in Madera County burned 320 acres and was 90 % contained , with 56 structures damaged or destroyed . -- The Irene Fire in Alpine County 's El Dorado National Forest and Mokelumne Wilderness area burned 94 acres and was 45 % contained . -- The June Fire in Mono County 's Inyo National Forest scorched 65 acres and was 65 % contained . -- The Silverado Fire in Orange County 's Cleveland National Forest and Silverado Canyon area burned 968 acres and was 98 % contained . CNN 's Dan Simon and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Residents , off-duty firefighter tell of flames near homes and ranger station Wayne Allen Huntsman , 37 , is accused of one felony count of arson The King Fire is costing $ 5 million a day to fight , official says Gov. Brown declares a state of emergency in El Dorado and Siskiyou counties
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Hundreds of runners braved their luck Wednesday on the first day of the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona -- but just two men , an Australian and a Spaniard , were taken to hospital afterward with injuries , the Navarra regional government said . It was considered a thrilling but safe start to the annual tradition in Pamplona , which has tallied 14 deaths since record-keeping began in 1924 , including the fatal goring of a Spanish man last year , and thousands of injuries . The run in Pamplona started 400 years ago and became popular worldwide after author Ernest Hemingway wrote about it in the 1920s in his book "  The Sun Also Rises , " also published under the title "  Fiesta . " It is now broadcast live across Spain by state television TVE , which estimated there were more than a thousand runners . An 18-year-old Australian man from Melbourne was taken to hospital with various injuries sustained on the narrow street that descends into the bullring . And a Spanish man , 20 , from Zaragoza also went to hospital with an eye injury sustained on a street almost halfway through the run , the Navarra regional government said on its website . Both were initially listed in stable condition but under close observation , the website said . It took the six bulls and a pack of tame steers , which help guide the bulls , a full 17 seconds to emerge from the corrals after the opening rocket was fired to signal the start of the run . But the pack then moved swiftly through the cobblestone streets of old Pamplona along the 825-meter  902-yard  course to the bullring , where the bulls will die later in the day in a bullfight . The run lasted just 2 minutes and 23 seconds and the bull and steer pack stayed mainly together , which long-time observers say usually means a safer run -- unlike when a bull or bulls get separated , frightened and may charge directly into the runners . Television images showed mostly men dressed in the traditional white outfits with red handkerchiefs , but also a small number of women , and even one man with a football helmet , which is prohibited but was apparently not noticed by the hundreds of police officers who eject , before the run , people carrying cameras or who are drunk . The aim is safety , so that runners can focus on the run . Television images showed numerous runners making hard falls to the pavement , tripping over other runners or colliding with the bulls . The daily run continues for eight days , through July 14 , at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  , and is the highlight of the San Fermin festival in Pamplona that attracts hundreds of thousands to the non-stop fiesta .	1 Austrialian , 1 Spaniard taken to hospital Run lasts 2 minutes 23 seconds TV images show many runners making hard falls Daily run continues until July 14
Lille , France  CNN  -- Roger Federer and Stan Wawrinka each faced questions heading into Switzerland 's Davis Cup final in France . For Federer , how would his tender back hold up ? For Wawrinka , would he recover after a tough -- and contentious -- loss to his higher-profile Swiss at the World Tour Finals in London last week ? We got our answers Friday at the Stade Pierre Mauroy on a record setting day in Lille -- but for once Federer was n't the one rewriting the history books . In front of the largest ever tennis crowd for a pro match -- at 27,432 it eclipsed the 27,200 that turned up to watch Spain beat the U.S. in a converted Seville bullring in the 2004 Davis Cup final -- Federer not only fell to Gael Monfils but could n't put up much of a fight . The 6-1 6-4 6-3 result against Monfils -- who piped down his histrionics -- marked his most lopsided defeat in 45 singles matches in the competition . "  You accept the fact that you 're playing the way you feel , " Federer told reporters . "  But it was n't all negative . I started to feel better as the match went on . That 's very encouraging , I must say . " Also encouraging for Federer and the Swiss , Wawrinka thumped a listless Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-1 3-6 6-3 6-2 to begin the day . Federer 's performance , coupled with France 's apparent advantage in Saturday 's doubles , means it 's the home team who 'll be happier come the end of play . One of the two major titles to elude Federer in his glittering career is a Davis Cup crown and how disappointed he must have been that on his debut in a Davis Cup final he was at less than full strength . Monfils , however , remains one of the most athletic players in the game and owned a pair of wins over Federer . With French captain Arnaud Clement able to rein him in during changeovers , he played focused tennis . "  Definitely one of the top three matches in my life , " said Monfils , who squandered two match points against Federer at the U.S. Open . Monfils broke early in the first and facing an immediate break point , struck a courageous second-serve ace that delighted his many fans . Clay can be classified as the least forgiving of surfaces when it comes to unforced errors , which made Monfils ' tally of 44 winners and 18 unforced errors extremely impressive . In truth at times he was quick to pounce on short Federer balls . He earned the key break at 2-2 in the third in breath-taking fashion , slamming a forehand down the line and later in the game sliding into his backhand prior to sending it past Federer and down the line . And what a way to end it : Monfils produced another shot down the line , a backhand from a difficult angle . Wawrinka , meanwhile , sparkled against French No. 1 Tsonga , displaying some of the artillery that won him the Australian Open in January for a maiden grand slam title . His stats were even better than Monfils ' -- 61 winners and 29 unforced errors . "  I know how to play those matches , " Wawrinka said . "  I did so many big matches , so many important matches this year . "  Today it 's important to show them that I 'm there . They  were  maybe too focused  on  Roger and maybe they forgot about me . " He showed no after effects of the loss to Federer , when he blew four match points and was reportedly taunted by Federer 's wife , Mirka . For large parts of the affair he targeted Tsonga 's backhand with his own sublime one-handed backhand , easily getting the better of the 2008 Australian Open finalist . At one stage , even the crowd -- most of course were rooting for Les Bleus -- admired Wawrinka 's laser-like backhand in reply to a slack Tsonga forehand volley . Wawrinka stormed to the first set and when he held a break point to begin the second , it appeared as if the Swiss No. 2 's better form would see him cruise in three . But Tsonga hung on , altered the momentum and for a brief spell in the third set was in the ascendancy . The loudest the crowd got in the opener was in that third set , when an agitated Tsonga implored them off their feet when he saved a set point with an ace at 2-5 . The outstretched arms of Clement at precisely the same time suggested an expression of , ` It 's about time , ' and the Swiss cow bells were temporarily silenced . There 's no doubt that Wawrinka was slightly rattled . Tsonga smelled blood when Wawrinka trailed 0-30 on serve , but the latter rallied to close out the set -- and the match , realistically -- despite double faulting on one of his set points . Tsonga was annoyed with his performance but also with the French fans , who he felt were n't vocal enough . "  When the teams were introduced , they applauded Stan more than us , Roger more than us , " he said . "  We hear the Swiss spectators more than we hear the French ones . "  Stan , for example , announced that the ball was out , and it was in . "  I just went to check the mark , and I was booed in my own country -- maybe not by the French spectators but by the Swiss spectators . It 's annoying . " With Monfils ' victory over Federer , it guaranteed so-called ` live ' action Sunday and Clement would surprise a few if he stuck with the out-of-sorts Tsonga to begin the reverse singles . For the time being , Federer is n't ruling himself out of Saturday 's doubles . "  Now I 'm coming out of the match without any pain , which is good , too , " said Federer . "  It was not a five-setter  that left  me totally exhausted . So if I have to find something positive about it , I 'll say that . "  But it is clear that I want to play better . If I play the doubles and the singles , it needs to be a lot better than today . Now I have the information and I know exactly what I have to do . " Wawrinka and Federer both are n't scheduled to play doubles but they can be called upon Saturday .	Switzerland and France are tied after the opening day of the Davis Cup final in Lille Stan Wawrinka crushes Jo-Wilfried Tsonga to give Switzerland a 1-0 advantage But then Gael Monfils defeats a potentially ailing Roger Federer in the second singles More than 27,400 turned up on the day , the largest tennis crowd for a pro match
CNN  -- The holiday season is always a win for video gamers , as software makers jockey to one-up each other with slicker graphics , deeper play and more expansive 3-D worlds . But the larger and more complex modern-day epics like "  Fable III " and "  Fallout : New Vegas " become , the more it often pays to keep things simple . Classics such as "  Tetris " and "  Pac-Man " clearly illustrate this principle . As engaging today as they were when first launched decades back , it 's these titles ' sheer approachability and user-friendliness that make them timeless . Even the most sprawling modern-day gaming experiences , such as "  World of Warcraft " and "  Call of Duty : Black Ops , " still bow to the classic game design principle of keeping play easy to learn but hard to master . The successful games observe two vital rules : 1  Find clever ways to spin the same basic concept  swapping tiles , stomping enemy heads , etc.  multiple times 2  Tip learning curves in the players ' favor by slowly introducing added depth at a comfortable pace There 's a reason why social games , including "  FarmVille " and "  Mafia Wars , " and iPhone apps such as "  Angry Birds " and "  Pocket God " continue to rack up millions of plays . It 's not that these titles are revolutionary in design . It 's that although the games are easy to start playing and enjoying , they increase in depth and complexity as the player gains more skill . This makes it less intimidating for players of all levels to try these games , which slowly entice us into their web .  Admittedly , the games ' low price points , on-demand access and ample personality do n't hurt either . Make no mistake : Hardcore gaming enthusiasts do demand more value and substance from their titles than casual gamers . So designers are creating more robust virtual realms and expanding titles ' value and scope through downloadable updates . Games in role-playing , simulation and strategy genres also thrive by adding greater intricacy , not less . In short , we 'd weep for a world without the latest "  Civilization " or "  Gran Turismo . " Instead of piling on pointless game variants or needlessly complicated controls , the most popular mass-appeal games often focus on executing a few simple features well -- and presenting them in endlessly novel contexts . What is "  Torchlight " if not a smartly-placed series of mouse clicks , "  Bejeweled " a simple slider puzzle or "  Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock " a more high-tech version of Simon ? No player likes to feel as if their favorite titles have been dumbed down . No designer appreciates admitting that behind all the fancy mission types , play modes and monsters , their basic play concept amounts to "  checkers with a twist , " or simply tapping the right keys on cue . Still , why overcomplicate matters ? Freeform missions , jaw-dropping graphics and extensive online multiplayer support make excellent window dressing . But even in the era of sprawling odysseys like "  Alan Wake " and "  Red Dead Redemption , " they remain secondary to a fun , engaging and approachable core game experience .	Simple games , including such classics as "  Tetris , " are less intimidating to newcomers The most popular games often focus on executing a few simple features well Hardcore gamers still love complex challenges , and no one likes to feel their favorite titles have been dumbed down
CareerBuilder.com  -- We all have our childhood icons . Some never seem to leave the spotlight and continue their careers in the public eye for decades , but others seem to disappear . Here are 10 examples of the latter , and how they 've been making a living , post-stardom . 1 . Dominique Moceanu Famous for : Her Olympic gold medal as part of the 1996 "  Magnificent Seven " U.S. gymnastics team . What 's she doing now ? Moceanu , 28 , has maintained her involvement with the sport that made her famous . According to her website , Moceanu teaches various gymnastics camps and is writing a series of children 's books on the sport . Moceanu graduated from John Carroll University in Ohio in 2009 with a bachelor 's degree in business administration . 2 . Brittany Daniel Famous for : Starring as one-half of the Wakefield twins on the television series "  Sweet Valley High . " What 's she doing now ? Daniel , 34 , has maintained a relatively low-profile acting career since her days as Jessica Wakefield , making appearances in the film "  Joe Dirt " and the TV series "  That 70s Show . " Currently , she is an executive producer on the Style Network 's popular reality series "  Ruby , " which chronicles the weight-loss struggles of a Georgia woman . Daniel is a close friend of the show 's star , Ruby Gettinger , and was a driving force behind the show 's creation . 3 . Sean Duffy Famous for : His role on MTV 's "  Real World : Boston " in 1997 . What 's he doing now ? Duffy , 38 , is running for U.S. Congress as a representative from Wisconsin 's 7th Congressional District . The lawyer and district attorney for Ashland County , Wisconsin , also has six children with fellow Real World alum , San Francisco cast member Rachel Campos . 4 . Justin Guarini Famous for : His second-place finish on the first season of "  American Idol . " What 's he doing now ? Guarini , 31 , was signed to RCA Records , but was dropped in 2003 after disappointing sales of his debut album , "  Justin Guarini . " Since then , he has released two follow-up albums through his production company , Justice Entertainment . Guarini has been involved with various specials for "  American Idol " and had a long-term stint hosting TV Guide Channel 's "  Idol Tonight . " 5 . Willie Aames Famous for : His roles in '70s and '80s sitcoms such as "  Eight is Enough " and "  Charles in Charge . " What 's he doing now ? In the mid-90s , Aames , 49 , found religion in a 12-step program and became a Christian minister . He spent the next eight years producing "  Bibleman , " a faith-based video series . After filing for bankruptcy in 2008 , Aames became a certified financial adviser in 2009 and began working at a Kansas City money-management fund in January 2010 . His career as a CFA did n't last long . Aames reportedly took a job as part of Oceania Cruiseline 's entertainment staff in March 2010 . 6 . Evan Marriott Famous for : Pretending to be a millionaire on the Fox network 's 2003 dating series "  Joe Millionaire . " What 's he doing now ? Marriott , 35 , unsuccessfully attempted to stretch his 15 minutes of fame with a variety of low-budget film roles and appearances on TV shows such as "  Hollywood Squares " and "  Battle of The Network Reality Stars . " After withdrawing from the spotlight , Marriott returned to his real-life role as a construction worker . 7 . Rider Strong Famous for : Playing Shawn Hunter in the '90s sitcom "  Boy Meets World . " What 's he doing now ? After his role ended in 2000 , Strong , 30 , entered academia . In 2004 , he graduated magna cum laude from Columbia University with a degree in English , and in 2009 he received a master of fine arts degree from Bennington College in Vermont . He is currently pursuing a directing career with older brother Shiloh . In 2008 , their short film "  Irish Twins " appeared at film festivals including TriBeCa , Radiance , Los Angeles International and St. Louis and won various awards . 8 . Vincent Angelo LaRusso Famous for : His role as hockey player Adam Banks in "  The Mighty Ducks " trilogy . What 's he doing now ? LaRusso , 31 , graduated with a business degree from Boston University 's school of management in 2000 . Since then , he 's had minor roles in independent films and is reported to have been seen working as a waiter and bartender in both Boston and Los Angeles . 9 . Kellie Martin Famous for : Starring as Becca on the television series "  Life Goes On . " What 's she doing now ? Martin , 34 , had a stint on "  ER " from 1998-2000 , but left to finish her studies at Yale University . In 2001 , Martin graduated from Yale with a degree in art history . Since then , she has appeared in various Lifetime network and made-for-TV movies . In 2009 , she made a guest appearance on "  Grey 's Anatomy " and recently had a cameo appearance on ABC 's "  Private Practice . " 10 . Jonathan Knight Famous for : His part in the singing group New Kids on The Block What 's he doing now ? Knight , 36 , was never one for the spotlight , and after New Kids on The Block broke up , he left the entertainment industry to pursue a real-estate career in Massachusetts . Although he initially resisted , in 2008 Knight joined the rest of his former band-mates to announce a reunion . They have since released a comeback album and have national tour dates scheduled throughout the summer , though Knight continues to work in real-estate . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	How some childhood icons are now making a living Brittany Daniel of "  Sweet Valley High " TV show is producing "  Ruby " -- about woman 's weight loss New Kids on the Block 's Jonathan Knight still sings , but also sells real-estate Joe Millionaire 's Evan Marriott has left TV and returned to job in construction
CNN  -- Former college and pro football star Charles Aaron "  Bubba " Smith , who went on to an acting career after his retirement from sports , was found dead at his home , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office said Wednesday . He was 66 . Police and fire officials were called to Smith 's home after "  he was found unresponsive " and pronounced him dead , said Ed Winter , assistant chief of operations and investigation for the coroner . An autopsy will be performed to determine cause of death , Winter said . However , asked if there was any reason to believe the death was due to anything other than natural causes , he replied , "  Not at this time . " An imposing 6 foot 8 and 260 pounds , Smith was considered one of the most fearsome pass rushers of his day . The No. 1 overall pick in the 1967 National Football League draft , he played nine seasons in the NFL -- for the Baltimore Colts , Oakland Raiders and Houston Oilers . Sports Illustrated gallery : The NFL goes Hollywood He played for the Colts in two Super Bowls and was also a two-time Pro Bowl pick . Smith was one of the anchors of an overwhelming defense that was heavily favored to win Super Bowl III . Nonetheless , the New York Jets , led by Joe Namath , defeated the Colts in the 1969 championship of pro football , widely considered one of the biggest upsets in U.S. sports history . The Colts atoned for that embarrassment -- somewhat -- two years later in a 16-13 victory over the Dallas Cowboys in Super Bowl V , but Smith reportedly said he was so dismayed by the game 's sloppiness that he never wore his Super Bowl ring . Smith was sidelined by a severe knee injury during an exhibition game in 1972 , and the next season joined the Raiders . He told Sports Illustrated in 1973 that "  not playing was terrible . I did n't want to show my face in public . I do n't know if it was that we were losing or what , but it almost drove me crazy . " After retiring from pro football in 1975 , Smith landed small roles on TV series such as "  Good Times , " "  Charlie 's Angels " and "  Semi-Tough , " according to IMDb , before landing his signature role as Lt. Moses Hightower in the first "  Police Academy " movie in 1984 . He reprised the role in all six movies in the popular comedy franchise . Smith was a two-time All-America defensive end at Michigan State University . He played in what the national media dubbed "  the game of the century " between Michigan State and Notre Dame in 1966 , a 10-10 tie that resulted in the two teams ' splitting the vote for that year 's national championship . Smith was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1988 , an event he called "  the jewel in my crown , for my collegiate days were very special to me . " Smith was born on February 28 , 1945 , in Beaumont Texas . His father was a high school football coach and his mother had earned two college degrees . According to his member biography on the College Football Hall of Fame website , he said he took his parents with him when he went to speak to youth groups "  to demonstrate my respect for them . "	Charles Aaron "  Bubba " Smith , 66 , was found dead in his L.A. home Smith was a two-time All-America defensive end at Michigan State He played in two Super Bowls for the Baltimore Colts , and two Pro Bowls He went into acting , landed a starring role in the "  Police Academy " movies
CNN  -- In today 's world of catchy buzzwords , a current favorite is "  Africa is rising . " Africa 's tech scene is a soaring firebird and all the techies on the continent will tell you something game-changing is coming and Africans will build it . In case you have n't heard , apparently the next Facebook , Google or Microsoft will come from Africa . That 's what the young mavericks are working towards . In Africa , we worship at the altar of innovation Innovation is the fountain from which most African entrepreneurs drink -- their raison d'etre . This is hardly surprising on a continent that leapfrogged the tech scene , producing insanely useful mobile solutions . It seems it is only logical that the continent will build the next big thing . But innovation has become quite formulaic for the quick-talking 20-somethings just itching to change the world . Just like any formula , it has strict rules : find a problem , build an app to solve it , develop for smartphone and add social integration . Read more : Why tech innovators are Africa 's future The tech ecosystem is desperate to set itself up as the next Silicon Valley -- a playground for mavericks , dropouts and wheeler-dealers who want to turn an industry on its head . The current atmosphere is electrifying with possibilities for a continent primed as an innovation and entrepreneurial destination . But businesses are so desperate to innovate that solid business models seem to be missing in their plans to take over the world . Good , solid businesses are become boring , and making money is an afterthought . Right now there is nothing sexier than Africa 's trendy and attention-grabbing tech scene . It 's like the hero of a great tale : down and out , talented , with nothing to lose . Innovation is the watchword . Investors make no secret that they prefer companies that are innovative , mentors recommend it and journalists dedicate headlines to the most innovative companies . Like a ferocious monster , its appetite is insatiable and most startups are victims of it . At this stage we might have to rename Africa "  the place where good companies die of too much innovation . " Read more : "  Africa 's tallest building " set for $ 10 billion tech city I recently attended an event where a group of startups in an incubator pitched their companies after eight weeks in the program . One of the companies that was profitable in the beginning with a solid business model  but which could be considered run of the mill  had pivoted so it could do something more innovative . Truth is , chances of the new business making money are very unlikely . In an environment where all the other companies around it seemed to be innovating in an interesting way with new technology , the pressure to innovate killed a good business . Solve a real problem , damn it Interestingly , Africa 's key drivers in terms of innovation came from very simple products that wanted to solve real problems . The continent that brought Ushahidi , M-Pesa and EC2 cloud found a real gap in the market and developed solutions for it . Africa 's pool of talented developers and entrepreneurs want to prove that they can compete on the same stage with more mature markets . They can , but the rules are different . Africa has n't solved some of the basic problems that mature markets have solved . Building bandwidth-heavy apps is not a good idea because the majority of the continent just is n't ready . As much as almost everyone in Africa uses a mobile device , the data problem is still a key thought . So perhaps , for one unimaginable moment , we should forget about building the next Facebook , Google or Apple . Think about using your vast technical skills ; solve the simplest problem Africa faces -- service delivery . Think of the innovation that would come with that , think how very big that would be . Hipsters do n't build boring companies In Africa 's tech entrepreneurship scene everyone walks around like mavericks , but it is all a show . There is a fundamental lack of passion . In a bid to be different there is sameness . Being a tech entrepreneur seems to be more about joining the sexy cool kids in the ongoing exclusive party where the tech scene is glamorized , workaholism is something to boast about and arrogance slowly becomes familiar . How to run a real business seems to be of very little consequence . More entrepreneurs need to consider bootstrapping their companies with the many free services out there until they are profitable enough to invest in more infrastructure . A crazy idea like that might work and even attract the much sought-after foreign investment that entrepreneurs covet . Read more : Africa hungry for homegrown online content Before I get charged with treason , I 'd like to point out that there is nothing wrong with innovation . However , not all businesses are meant to be crazy innovators . Some of the more successful businesses work on an old-fashioned business model that comes with a twist . Bells and whistles or fancy technology are n't always cool , but a good , sensible way of doing business that provides jobs is . It 's easy to get caught up in Africa 's tech scene , to feed its appetite for innovation , to hype up the novelty while encouraging the wannabe mavericks . But first , perhaps , it is time for tech entrepreneurs to ask what Africa needs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Atagana .	African entrepreneurs place too much importance on innovation , says Michelle Atagana Startups are forgoing solid business models in favor of trendy concepts , she says Tech wizards should first tackle the problem of service delivery
CNN  -- The first step is always the hardest -- but the second is just as challenging . Once the dust has settled , the well wishers have moved on and the interviews have ceased , there 's the realization that there is a world out there -- waiting to be confronted . "  For 25 years , you 've lived a certain way and with distance , " U.S. footballer Robbie Rogers , who now plays for Los Angeles Galaxy , said in an interview for CNN 's "  World Sport Presents : Journey of a Gay Athlete " documentary . "  You 're afraid to tell people and be open with stuff and so it 's hard to just change . A lot of gay men and women who are n't out and do n't really accept that they 're gay , live with a bit of self-hate . "  So I hate to be so blunt about it , but hating yourself is very damaging . " Rogers ' escapism came through writing -- notably his blog , on which he announced his revelation -- and therapy . "  To live for 25 years or for some people , 40 or 50 years , that does n't go away quickly , " said Rogers , who has also written a book "  Coming Out to Play , " which is released later this year . "  It takes a long time . It takes a lot of writing and a lot of friends to speak with and therapy . "  It 's serious stuff and sometimes people forget . They 'll say ` Oh , you 're out , everything 's probably great . You seem so happy . "  It 's like , ` Well , you knew me before I came out and you thought I was happy , so you do n't know . ' "  It takes time but it 's definitely progress , and positive progress . " Rogers was 25 when he broke the news that he was gay on his blog , having just left English second division club Leeds . It 's a piece of writing which still brings out fierce emotion in man who had decided that he would longer be able to reconcile his love of football with a yearning to be free . He promptly retired from football -- only to return in May after being offered a deal to play in the U.S. with LA Galaxy . Having played football throughout his childhood and then at college , he nevertheless struggled emotionally in the fiercely masculine arena where words like "  homo , " "  fag " or "  gay " were commonplace . "  I always heard homophobic things in locker rooms , on soccer fields , you know , before training , after training , " said Rogers , who was more or less convinced he was gay by the age of 13 or 14 . "  Whether it was joking or whether it was malicious , I just heard so many different things that scarred me and made me think that there 's no chance I 'm ever going to come out -- ever -- to anyone . "  So that 's probably why , again , I kept it in for so long . That 's why I did n't tell anyone until I was 25 . " Since he came out in February , Rogers has spent time speaking with college students and fellow members of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender  LGBT  community . His message , wherever he goes and whoever he speaks to , is simple . Talk to somebody . "  I regret it , " Rogers said after contemplating whether he should have sought advice on his quandary earlier . "  I wish at a young age I 'd have spoken with someone -- someone who did n't know my family or was n't a friend or anything . "  I wanted a mentor or a therapist , somebody I could speak to and share my thoughts with , because to live so long without telling anyone is just very harmful . "  People ask me , ` Well , what would you tell yourself as a young kid ? ' "  Well , I would n't change any of my experiences , because I am who I am and because of all of those things , and because of my struggles , "  I would n't change that . But , to speak with someone would have been , that would have changed a lot for me . " Rogers grew up as part of a devout Catholic family in California . He felt the pressure of his religion and allied to the prying eyes of his testosterone fueled soccer teammates , he kept himself to himself . "  The biggest obstacle is fear . The fear of rejection from their teammates , from fans , probably their families , fear of the owners of the team might not want a gay athlete . "  I think people want to support themselves and they support themselves with their sport , so they if they lose their sport then how are they supposed to take care of themselves and all the other people they take care of ? "  So , I mean fear is the number one factor . It 's just people ... there 's just so many things that play into that . " Thomas Hitzlsperger , who won 52 caps for Germany and played in England , Italy and Germany , is the most high-profile former player to announce he is gay . Like Rogers , the former Germany international struggled with the concept of coming out while playing professional football . "  There is a difference between silence and lying , " said Hitzlsperger . "  I 've never been ashamed of being gay ... but I have asked myself the typical questions that gay people ask themselves : What would my friends say ? How will my family react ? But I 've never been ashamed . " Rogers is now one of the most recognizable faces in the fight against homophobia . Where in the past he would deliver crosses for a striker , now he delivers speeches on equality . Where before he may have penned the odd autograph , he now signs thousands and writes articles for highbrow publications on Russia 's homosexuality laws . He has received letters from those who are contemplating suicide , living a life of solitude , gripped by a fear which they can not seem to shake off . If Rogers is all too aware of that fear , he has been buoyed by the sight of a younger generation who are embracing their sexuality . "  I went to an event in Portland to speak with a bunch of kids at Nike and I saw about 500 kids , " he recalled . "  They shared their story and I just talked about mine and answered questions . And , they were asking questions like , ` Alright , we 're going to go home tomorrow , what should we do ? ' "  These are all the kids that are LGBT leaders of their groups in high school and I was like , ` Oh , gosh , these kids are so brave . They 're all out in high school , some of them are freshmen and they 're just trying to change the world and just trying to be happy . ' "  It made me really mad at the people that could n't understand that and accept them , but also mad at myself where , ` OK , I have this proper platform where I can really try to help people with it . "  Kind of a global platform , and any of these kids would die or that , to have a platform in any way . ' " Hiztlsperger is also keen to promote the issue of gay rights -- particularly ahead of the 2014 Winter Olympics at Sochi , Russia . Russian law bars the public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear it -- and has been condemned by rights groups both at home and abroad as discriminatory . "  I 'm coming out about my homosexuality because I want to move the discussion about homosexuality among professional sportspeople forwards , " Hiztlsperger told German newspaper , Die Ziet . It is hoped that the Games in Sochi , where protestors have been afforded designated areas to air their views , will help fight the prejudice which is still so prevalent within sport and society . "  I just hope that people will just forget any of those labels and stereotypes that are slapped on different people , " said Rogers . "  Whether it 's race , sex or sexual orientation , I just want that to go away . "  I know that probably wo n't happen in the near future , but hopefully in the near future , if athletes decide they want to come out , they 're not pressured anymore . "  It took me so long , I do n't want to be a hypocrite that way , but it would be nice if some could come out and start to move things forward . "  And , until there 's same-sex marriage in every state , we 're still going to have to talk about that . "  There are lots of issues which people get annoyed by because it does n't affect them , but we 're going to continue to talk about it until it 's over with . "	Footballer Robbie Rogers is one of the most high-profile voices in battle for gay rights Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder came out in February 2013 Former Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger revealed he is gay earlier this week Hitzlsperger says he wanted to come out ahead of Sochi Games
CNN  -- The Hong Kong Sevens rugby tournament is universally acclaimed as the premier event of its kind and if you 've been lucky enough to attend , you 'll know why . Arguably the biggest event on the Hong Kong sports and social calendar , the tournament is renowned for the standard of rugby and also for the vibrant , carefree ambiance in the stands . Hong Kong Stadium hosts the event every spring and the 40,000 seats are always sold out . It was founded by the Hong Kong Football Club in 1976 and for the first six years the event was played at a more modest venue , tucked inside the racehorse track at Happy Valley . The tournament 's pioneers were way ahead of their time . Back in the '70s , rugby was an amateur sport but this was one of the first tournaments to attract major sponsorship . It was an international , cosmopolitan , rugby competition , played more than a decade before the sport 's first World Cup . These days , the football club 's main involvement with the sevens weekend is to provide hundreds of fans who 'll drink up the action But on the eve of the tournament , their home ground at Happy Valley plays host to a more sombre occasion , one borne from the tragedy of Hong Kong rugby 's darkest hour . PT McGee used to be a prop forward for the club and he now proudly serves as a committee member . "  Usually the worst thing that happens on a tour is an arrest or maybe a broken bone , " he told CNN , "  but something happened to this club that has n't happened to any other rugby club in the history of the sport . " In 2002 , HKFC 's touring side "  The Vandals " was playing in a social tournament in Indonesia , the Bali 10s . Having competed in the opening day of the tournament , the team -- and many other players -- headed to the popular nightspot of Kuta for refreshment . It was October 12 , exactly one year , one month and one day after the 9/11 attacks in the United States . Unbeknown to the rugby players , a violent Islamic group -- Jemaah Islamiyah -- had targeted the tourist district for another major atrocity . Anson Bailey had also traveled from Hong Kong for the 10s . He was playing for "  The Pot Bellied Pigs , " an invitational touring team made up of players from various sides including Kowloon rugby club . He was walking towards the Sari Club when he heard a bang . "  Within a minute there was another explosion , a really painful blast that stopped you in your tracks , " he said . Bailey will never forget what he then experienced . "  The sound wave came up the street , smashing the shop windows and buckling shutters . Up ahead was a huge orange mushroom cloud , hysterical people were running towards us . " Anson ran away too , but he soon realized that he needed to help , not least because he knew that many of his friends would have already been at the scene of the blast . When he returned , he found the blackened figure of Andy Douglas , a player that Bailey knew from the Singapore Cricket Club . "  He was black from head-to-toe , his clothes were burnt , his skin was peeling , his ears were bleeding . " Douglas thinks he was knocked unconscious by the first blast in Paddy 's Bar and was wondering why all his friends had left him when the second fireball erupted outside . He later learned that eight teammates had died . "  My first thought was that I had to get out of here , everything 's on fire . I have to get to the beach because I know that ca n't burn down . " Carnage Douglas was fortunate to run into Bailey , who vowed to care for him on that fateful night . Together , they toured the island 's medical facilities in a taxi , trying to find help . Bailey vividly recalls the driver apologizing profusely for the carnage . They waded through pools of blood on white tiled floors , they found friends with horrific shrapnel wounds , everywhere they witnessed death . Douglas has made a remarkable recovery since then and is eternally grateful . "  I will forever be indebted to Anson for saving my life , he gave me the courage to pull through in the first 24 hours . We 'll always have a special bond . He 's a great man . " They were the lucky ones . In all , 202 people were killed by the bombs and in some cases their remains were unidentifiable . Four different rugby teams were in the path of the carnage , clubs from Taiwan , Indonesia , Singapore and Hong Kong were devastated , losing 27 players and supporters between them . The HKFC spent the next few weeks mourning 11 of their own . Twelve years later , those clubs are very different . Many of the players involved at the time of Bali have finished playing or moved on to other cities . But the tragedy will never be forgotten . McGee estimates that only 20 % of the players remain from 2002 , but the tragedy is embedded in the club 's DNA . "  For every new member , it is instilled upon them that Bali is a part of our legacy . We deal with it and honor it every year , at the time of the anniversary and throughout the season as well . " It was n't just the HKFC that was scarred by Bali . Two other teams from Hong Kong , who narrowly avoided the carnage , spent the days afterward assisting with the search for survivors and ultimately the grim task of identifying the dead ; players from rival teams but friends from the tight-knit rugby community . On the eve of the sevens in Hong Kong , these sides commemorate the tragedy with a memorial game . Last Friday , Bailey and Douglas lined up alongside each other in the bright colors of Bailey 's team , "  The Pot Bellied Pigs . " It has become an annual occasion . Bali proved to be a life-changing experience for Bailey . "  I 'd like to think that I 'm a better person because I had a second chance and I was damn sure that I was going to make the most of it . " Since the attack , he 's spent some of his time organizing the annual "  Fatboy 10s " tournament in the Philippines , a benevolent event which has been well supported by some of the biggest names in the rugby community . The HKFC also tours annually with an altruistic purpose , previously visiting Nepal and Kolkata and this month , Laos . Sean Purdie -- a teammate of those lost in Bali -- is the driving force behind it . "  We certainly wanted to keep the name of ` The Vandals ' going , " he said . "  It was the name of the team which represented the football club in Bali . We continued touring , but we thought about doing a bit more . " Purdie is credited by others at his club for lifting some of the gloom in the wake of the disaster and the annual tours have become one of the most popular events in the calendar . It may only be for a brief amount of time , but the tours have a big impact on everyone involved . Senseless act Fundraising activities benefit the under-privileged communities being visited , fatherless children are exposed to positive male role models and for some of the players , it is an enlightening experience . Purdie said some of the players return home as changed men , vowing to do more to improve the world around them . Rugby players have always believed their game can make a difference , but for those touched by the tragedy of Bali , it has now become very clear . "  If they -LSB- the terrorists -RSB- had embraced the spirit of the game , they would never have committed such a senseless act , " said Douglas . "  It 's a game of togetherness in which you embrace your opponent as much as your teammate at the end of the game . " As Bailey put it : "  There 's a lot of compassion , there 's a lot of heart . We all try to do the right thing . "	The Bali bombings of October 12 , 2002 claimed the lives of 202 people "  The Vandals " rugby team from Hong Kong was on the island playing in a tournament Four separate rugby teams from Taiwan , Indonesia , Singapore and Hong Kong lost 27 players The Vandals hold an annual memorial to honor the players who died that day
CNN  Rafael Nadal lifted his first trophy since last year 's French Open and closed in on a long-standing ATP Tour record Sunday by claiming the Argentina Open crown . Argentina legend Guillermo Vilas leads the way with 49 wins in clay-court tournaments , but today 's "  King of Clay " drew nearer to the leading mark by winning his 46th title in Buenos Aires . He also claimed his 65th title from 93 tour-level finals , breaking out of a tie with legends Pete Sampras and Bjorn Borg for fifth place in the all-time list . Nadal has been hampered by injury and illness since his Roland Garros triumph last June and lost out to Fabio Fognini in the semifinals of the Rio Open last week . It was a dispiriting defeat -- his first in a clay-court semifinal for 12 years -- but , moving from Brazil to Argentina , the Spaniard was largely untroubled in reaching the final and duly swept aside home player Juan Monaco 6-4 6-1 in the Estadio Billoch Caride . Nadal was playing in the first event for the first time in 10 years and his victory is a morale-booster after going out early in Qatar and exiting the Australian Open ahead of his clay-court swing in South America . The 28-year-old from Mallorca took his career record against Monaco , who was playing his 20th career final , to 6-1 and was never seriously troubled in the title match . The only thing to delay him was multiple rain delays which had the players scurrying on and off the court . A single break of service gave him the opener but he pulled clear immediately in the second and three further breaks saw him wrap up victory in just short of an hour and a half of action . Nadal is the seventh successive Spanish winner of the ATP 250 event , and it is a boost for his preparations for his challenge for a remarkable 10th French Open title in May .	Rafael Nadal wins ATP tournament in Buenos Aires Beats home player Juan Monaco 6-4 6-1 in final Closes in on Guillermo Vilas ' all-time record of 49 tournament titles on clay Nadal bidding for 10th French Open crown later this year
CNN  -- A 15-year-old Massachusetts boy accused of raping and killing his high school math teacher admitted to the crime , according to a search warrant affidavit released Monday . Philip Chism was indicted Friday on an additional count of aggravated rape in connection with the death of Colleen Ritzer , 24 , on October 22 in the girls ' bathroom of Danvers High School . He will be arraigned on the new count on Thursday . Chism pleaded not guilty in December to murder , aggravated rape and robbery charges stemming from the killing of the popular teacher . Police said a box cutter Chism had taken to school was the murder weapon . The affidavit , released Monday , said that after being booked in connection with the crime , Chism "  admitted to murdering " his teacher . Chism , in the presence of his mother , Diana Chism , waived his Miranda rights . The affidavit also said Chism may have sought to "  memorialize " the crime by photographing or videotaping parts of it with his cell phone , which was later destroyed in what investigators said was an attempt to hide incriminating evidence . The Essex County district attorney 's office said Friday that it presented a grand jury with additional evidence . The new youthful offender indictment alleges that Chism forcibly had sexual intercourse with the victim . "  Aggravated rape is charged when there is serious bodily harm and/or when the rape was committed during the commission of another felonious and assaultive crime , " the district attorney 's office said in a statement . Denise Regan , Chism 's public defender , could not be reached for comment . Chism , who is being held without bail , is set to appear January 30 in Salem Superior Court for a pre-trial conference . According to a police affidavit , a ninth-grade student told investigators that Chism became visibly upset when Ritzer spoke after class on the day of the crime about his home state of Tennessee . When Ritzer noticed that Chism was upset , she changed the subject , said the unidentified student , who described Chism as "  talking to himself . " The affidavit includes testimony from witnesses as well as a school video surveillance timeline showing Chism and Ritzer in the same area of the school during the teacher 's final moments . In the video , Ritzer appears to enter a second-floor girls ' restroom -- apparently , a faculty restroom was occupied -- and Chism , wearing gloves and red sweatshirt with the hood pulled over his head , appears to enter the restroom about a minute later , according to the affidavit . Shortly after , a female student enters the bathroom and then quickly walks out , according to the court papers . She told investigators she saw the back of a person who appeared to be changing clothes ; the person 's rear was exposed , with clothes piled on the floor . The video shows Chism leaving the restroom , returning later with a recycling barrel , and again leaving the restroom pulling the barrel -- this time with a black mask on his forehead , the court papers say . He pulls the barrel outside the building and toward the student parking lot . Investigators said the video shows what appear to be blood stains near the bathroom and on Chism 's pants . Court papers detail horrifying final moments of teacher 's life After Chism 's mother reported him missing on the evening of October 22 , police had his cell company "  ping " the location of his phone . The phone was found to be in the vicinity of the Hollywood Hits Theater , where investigators learned the teen had purchased a movie ticket and then left . The affidavit said that , when Chism was spotted by a police officer the next day , he was carrying a knife ; a search of his backpack turned up a bloodstained box cutter . Asked where the blood came from , Chism allegedly responded , "  The girl . " He was also allegedly carrying credit cards and driver 's licenses belonging to Ritzer , as well as a pair of woman 's underwear . Friends , relatives bewildered by arrest of ` storybook kid ' in teacher slaying The armed robbery indictment alleges that Chism robbed Ritzer of credit cards , an iPhone and her underwear . Police discovered Ritzer 's body in a wooded area near the school , covered with leaves and debris in an apparent attempt to conceal it , the court papers said . Her throat was slit . Dressed in pink , hundreds mourn Colleen Ritzer	Philip Chism , 15 , is charged with murder in the death of a teacher The body of algebra teacher Colleen Ritzer was found near the school in October Chism pleaded not guilty in December
CNN  -- It 's all out civil war at the top of world football . On the day FIFA , the sport 's global governing body cleared Qatar and Russia of alleged corruption in bidding for the World Cup , the man who led the investigation has hit back . Michael Garcia , the man who spent 18 months scrutinizing the bids to host the 2018 and 2022 tournaments , has labeled FIFA 's findings on his report "  incomplete and erroneous . " German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert , chairman of the adjudicatory chamber of FIFA 's independent ethics committee published a 42-page summary of Garcia 's findings which had stretched to 350 pages by its conclusion . And this comes on the day that the FBI stepped up up the pace of a corruption investigation into senior leaders of FIFA , according to U.S. law enforcement officials . Eckert 's summary , published on Thursday , found that both Qatar and Russia were not guilty of any alleged corruption . Photos : Soccer-crazy Qatar ramping up for World Cup But Garcia , the American lawyer , released a statement claiming he will appeal to the FIFA appeal committee . "  Today 's decision by the Chairman of the Adjudicatory Chamber contains numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations of the facts and conclusions detailed in the Investigatory Chamber 's report , " he said in a statement . "  I intend to appeal this decision to the FIFA Appeal Committee . " The report , which examined the behavior of nations bidding for the next two editions of the tournament , has cleared 2022 host Qatar and 2018 host Russia of any wrongdoing . "  The various incidents which might have occurred are not suited to compromise the integrity of the FIFA World Cup 2018/2022 bidding process as a whole , " said the report . The report also confirms that there are no plans to reopen the bidding process for the tournaments . "  In particular , the effects of these occurrences on the bidding process as a whole were far from reaching any threshold that would require returning to the bidding process , let alone reopening it , " stated Eckert . FIFA responded to the report by welcoming the "  degree of closure " which has been reached . "  FIFA looks forward to continuing the preparations for Russia 2018 and Qatar 2022 , which are already well underway , " read the statement . "  For the sake of further closure , FIFA supports the independent Ethics Committee with respect to their preparedness to potentially open future cases against officials based on the information obtained during this investigation . " Qatar was criticized in the report for sponsoring the 2010 CAF congress in Angola for approximately $ 1.8 m while it was also noted that there were "  certain indications of potentially problematic conduct of specific individuals " . A statement from the the Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar welcomed the verdict . "  We have just received the Statement of the Chairman of the Adjudicatory Chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee and intend to consider it thoroughly before commenting , " read the statement . "  As we have noted in the past , we cooperated fully with the Ethics Committee 's investigation and continue to believe that a fair and appropriate review will demonstrate the integrity and quality of our bid . " Russia cleared The report also examined the successful Russian bid , despite revealing only a limited amount of documents being made available to investigators . The reason for this , according to the report , was because the "  computers used at the time by the Russia Bid Committee had been leased and then returned to their owner after the bidding process . " According to the report , the owner of the computers confirmed that the machines had since been destroyed . "  We passed on all we could to the investigation , " Alexei Sorokin , Director General of Russia 2018 organizing Committee , is quoted as saying by Russia 's R-Sport news agency . "  You must understand that it 's taken been four years , and some information simply gets forgotten about . "  We are confident that our application was transparent . We did n't allow any violations . We were always confident that nothing illegal would be found . This is something that FIFA decided they had to do and they did it . "  The nomination committee rented computers , and then , as they had to do , returned them . There was no point buying the equipment at that time because it was a short-term project . We even rented furniture . We cooperated fully with the investigation . They asked us questions , and we answered them . We did n't delete any emails , we rented the computers and then returned them , and then they were used by other people . " England accused Meanwhile , the English Football Association has been accused of acting improperly during the bidding process . The FA has been accused of attempting to "  curry favor " with former FIFA vice-president Jack Warner , who left his role in 2011 following allegations of bribery . The report claims that the England bidding team sponsored a $ 55,000 gala dinner for the Caribbean Football Union , allowed the Trinidad and Tobago under-20 squad to hold a training camp in the United Kingdom in 2009 and attempted to help a "  person of interest " to Warner find a job in the country . A spokesman for the FA refuted the claims in a statement on the organization 's website . "  We note the FIFA Ethics Committee has today published a 42 - page report in relation to the bidding processes for the FIFA World Cups in 2018 and 2022 . "  We were not given any prior notice of the report before publication . We do not accept any criticism regarding the integrity of England 's bid or any of the individuals involved . "  We conducted a transparent bid and , as the report demonstrates with its reference to the England bid team 's ` full and valuable cooperation ' , willingly complied with the investigation . We maintain that transparency and cooperation around this entire process from all involved is crucial to its credibility . "  We also note that after a lengthy investigatory process and assessment , the report has concluded that the ` potentially problematic facts and circumstances identified by the report regarding the England 2018 bid were , all in all , not suited to compromise the integrity of the FIFA World Cup 2018/22 bidding process as a whole ' . " Simon Johnson , who was part of the England 2018 bid , told CNN that the report was a "  politically motivated whitewash " . "  Even before it was published , I had no confidence in the report , " he said . "  Now Garcia has come out and told us there are inaccuracies why should anyone believe anything ? "  Mr Garcia had limited powers and could n't investigate everybody he wanted to . "  He did n't speak to a number of members form the executive committee . "	Qatar and Russia cleared of corruption allegations by FIFA FBI pursuing corruption probe Michael Garcia to appeal to FIFA Probe into bidding process now closed
CNN  -- Russia risks economic isolation from the West with its intervention into the Crimean peninsular , but trade relationships complicate matters . And , as CNN reveals , it 's not just trade in which Russian interests are strongly represented -- it 's in some of the most lavish and expensive assets around the world . Below are a selection . Sports Professional sports team ownership is perhaps the ultimate status symbol for Russia 's wealthiest . Mikhail Prokhorov , who made his billions in the precious metals sector , owns the NBA Brooklyn Nets while the Marussia Formula One team is now owned by Moscow-based company . Oligarchs can also be found backing some of the world 's biggest football clubs . Uzbeki-born Russian business magnate Alisher Usmanov is one of the major shareholders in England 's Arsenal FC , oligarch Roman Abramovich controls Chelsea and Dmitry Rybolovlev is behind the Monaco FC . Property The wealthiest Russians have long been investing into luxurious properties around the world . Rybolovlev 's daughter made headlines as the buyer of Manhattan 's most expensive apartment , while Roustam Tariko , billionaire owner of Russian Standard Bank and Russian Standard Vodka , owns one of the most expensive homes in Miami Beach -- a $ 25.5 million estate on Star Island . Space A big chunk of the International Space Station belongs to Russia , and is called the Russian Orbital Segment . Since the American space shuttle program was retired , NASA astronauts can not get to and from the ISS without their Russian counterparts , who now operate the only space shuttles . Tech Russian millionaires own stakes in some of the most successful tech companies , inculding DST 's stakes in Facebook and Twitter . Anti-virus company Kaspersky Lab , co-founded by Eugene Kaspersky and Natalia Kaspersky , is considered to be one of the world 's most innovative companies and operates in almost 200 countries . Art When billionaire art collector Alexander Ivanov opened his Faberge Museum in German Baden-Baden , it was the first Russian privately owned museum outside Russia . An Arab sheikh reportedly offered Ivanov $ 2 billion for his jewelery collection , but it was declined . The collection includes impressionist paintings , old masters , vintage cars and even dinosaur fossils . Read more : Why the U.S. and Europe are not quite in step on sanctions Read more : Five myths about the Ukraine crisis	Russian oligarchs own some of the most lavish assets around the world These include professional sports teams , exclusive jewelery and artworks Some of the most expensive properties belong to Russian millionaires
CNN  -- The level of odorous chemical in West Virginians ' water dropped Friday , but not enough for authorities to lift a warning to avoid drinking , cooking or bathing with it or to give a clear idea as to when things will change . Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin described the situation in nine counties Friday night as "  pretty bad , " both for residents being told the only thing they should do with their running water is flush their toilets and schools , restaurants , hotels and other businesses forced to close . One bit of good news is tests on the affected water supply , which are being conducted on an hourly basis , show "  the chemical level is declining . " "  But we 're just not sure exactly how long it 's going to take before it 's acceptable to lift the do-not-drink ban , " the governor told CNN . Much of the anger centers around the coal-industry company from which the chemical leak occurred . And there 's also frustration among some -- including Danny Jones , the mayor of West Virginia 's most populated city and capital , Charleston -- that the water company trying to deal with the resulting mess still does n't have a timeline for when things will return to normal . "  It 's caused us more problems than you could ever imagine , " Jones said Friday night , pointing out people ca n't do things like wash their hands after going to bathroom or wash their clothes . " ... It 's a prison from which we would like to be released . " Utility official on water : ' I ca n't say it is safe ' The crisis began Thursday , when residents of Kanawha County reported a foul odor -- similar to licorice -- in the air . The Kanawha County Fire Department and the state Department of Environmental Protection that day traced that smell to a leak from a 35,000-gallon storage tank along the Elk River . The chemical had overflowed a containment area around the tank run by Freedom Industries , then migrated over land and through the soil into the river . The leak happened about a mile upriver from the impacted West Virginia American Water Co. plant . After concluding the tap water was contaminated late Thursday afternoon , a stop-use warning went out to customers in Boone , Cabell , Clay , Jackson , Kanawha , Lincoln , Logan , Putnam and Roane counties . West Virginia American Water 's president Jeff McIntyre said Friday he did n't believe the substance -- 4-methylcyclohexane methanol -- was still flowing . But that does n't mean the situation will be resolved soon . What is 4-methylcyclohexane methanol ? "  It is not intended to be in the water  or  distribution system , " McIntyre said . " ... Once it 's in there , there 's no more treatment for it . " While there have n't been reported widespread sicknesses , the ordeal is having a big impact . Kanawha County Commission president Kent Carper told reporters Friday more than 300,000 people have been affected . Tomblin gave a lower estimate -- saying it was "  way over 100,000  but  we do n't have an exact number yet of people ... without water . " Businesses -- including 15 McDonald 's in the area , according to their ownership group -- have shut down . Hospitals have taken emergency measures to conserve water . And residents have been scrambling , as evidenced by empty shelves and worries at home . "  It 's all very hectic , " said Patricia Pearl of Charleston . "  You do n't even want to go to the grocery store . I think everyone is in a panic . " Emergency rooms busy , businesses closed The emergency 's ripple effects included the closure Friday of the state Supreme Court of Appeals in Charleston , courts in Boone and Lincoln counties , and the cancellation of classes at West Virginia State University . In addition to shuttering her shop Flowers & More on Friday -- usually her busiest day -- Pearl noted other ripple effects , like how her 60-year-old husband 's physical therapy session tied to a recent knee surgery was canceled . "  The problem is that no one seems to know when we 'll have the water restored , " she said . First responders and hospitals saw a rush of activity after the alert went out . Carper said more than 1,000 calls were placed in four or five hours to the 911 center , 24 of them for emergency medical services -- five of which led to people being taken to hospitals . Water company spokeswoman Laura Jordan urged people to get medical attention "  if they are feeling something ... is n't right . " Many -- perhaps too many -- did just that . "  Our emergency rooms have been very busy with individuals unnecessarily concerned and presenting no symptoms , " said Charleston Area Medical Center . The restrictions affected the hospital in other ways , too . It put into place linen conservation and alternative cleaning methods and turned away all but emergency patients . Daniel Stewart sued the water utility and Freedom Industries , saying his kidney transplant surgery was canceled because of the ordeal "  forcing  him  to undergo dialysis , pain and suffering and continued illness due to his renal failure and other medical damages . " West Virginia American Water "  failed to maintain an appropriate emergency response plan , " Stewart claimed , while Freedom "  failed to properly maintain and store its chemicals . " A lawsuit was filed Friday by a man whose scheduled kidney transplant was canceled due to the water issue , said attorney Jesse Forbes said . CNN reached out to the water company about the lawsuit . "  West Virginia American Water is not focused on litigation at this time . Our focus is on our customers and providing safe adequate water supplies , " the company said in a statement . Leaked chemical used to wash coal Freedom Industries is feeling the heat from others as well . President Gary Southern tried several times to walk away from a press conference Friday evening , saying "  it has been an extremely long day , " only to be called back by insistent reporters -- including one who noted how long a day it has been for all the West Virginians now without drinkable water or a full explanation as to why . "  This incident is extremely unfortunate and unanticipated , " Southern said . " ... This has been a very , very taxing process . " Freedom 's crippled steel tank is about a mile upriver from the West Virginia American Water plant , according to McIntyre . According to Carper , the county official , it 's part of a former Pennzoil refinery dating back to the 1930s or 1940s . Jones , Charleston 's mayor , said he believes "  the chemicals went through  holes in a retaining  wall . " Southern said two Freedom employees noticed material leaking from a storage tank into a dyke around 10:30 a.m. Thursday . They contacted authorities and began the cleanup process -- including hauling away the chemical still in the tank and vacuuming up some in the nearby ground . "  We have mitigated the risk , we believe , in terms of further material leaving this facility , " said the head of Freedom , which supplies products for the coal-mining industry . Southern said he could n't say how much of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol -- which United Mine Workers spokesman Phil Smith explained is used to wash coal before it goes to market -- leaked , only that it was under 35,000 gallons . Tomblin said a maximum of 5,000 gallons of the chemical seeped out . The Freedom Industries president downplayed the chemical 's health effects , saying it has "  very , very low toxicity " and opining it poses no danger to the public . West Virginia American Water and government officials have a different take , as evidenced by the stop-use warning . As McIntrye said , "  We do n't know that the water is not safe , but I ca n't say it is safe . " The federal Environmental Protection Agency -- which does n't yet have an "  official role " in the response -- has taken no enforcement actions against Freedom Industries during the past five years , agency spokeswoman Alisha Johnson said . West Virginia 's Department of Environmental Protection ordered Freedom to take everything out of its 11 remaining above-ground storage tanks . This came hours after the department issued a "  cease operations order " for the company , saying it could not receive any additional material until it addresses the effects of the leak and proves its structures are sound . ' I do not know how long this will last ' The rush now is on to fully assess and address the problem , and perhaps press criminal charges because of it . Having declared a state of emergency affecting the nine involved counties , Tomblin urged West Virginians to look out for one another -- especially small children and the elderly . To that point , he announced a "  call to action drive " through Friday evening at the State Capitol to collect items such as bottled water , sanitizer , liquid baby formula , paper and plastic plates and utensils for those in need . This is in addition to water stations set up in malls , churches , high schools , recreation centers and fire departments . The federal government has gotten involved as well , with President Barack Obama signed an emergency declaration authorizing the Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate disaster relief efforts . FEMA said Friday that it was sending 75 trucks -- each carrying about 4,900 gallons of water -- to the area . Tomblin said this federal help -- for now , mostly in the form of cases of bottled water -- is helpful , as are the contributions from many donating businesses . U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin said he and other federal authorities is looking into what happened , telling CNN Friday that "  even a negligent release of this kind could be a criminal violation . " "  It 's really too early to tell whether criminal charges could be brought " against Freedom , he said Friday . " ... We 're going to want to figure out just exactly what occurred and when ... But right now , obviously , what we 're trying to do is get people 's water back on . " Meanwhile , West Virginia American Water is working intently as well , including teaming with DuPont and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to determine the contamination level . Jordan said the system would be flushed and may be returned to service in zones , but she would not speculate when that might occur . The water company also has provided 12 tanker trucks filled with water , and bought four tractor-trailer loads of bottled water for distribution to those in need , McIntyre said . Tomblin noted that "  there is no shortage of bottled water , " but urged people to see a doctor immediately if they come down with nausea , dizziness , or eye or skin irritation . And he did n't make any promises as to when this emergency would end . "  I do not know how long this will last , " the governor said . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Mike Ahlers , Paul Caron , Ashley Fantz , Ed Payne , Marlena Baldacci , Kevin Conlon , Susan Candiotti and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : The state orders the company behind the leak must remove all chemicals from tanks The leak led authorities to urge people not to use tap water to drink , bathe in , and more Charleston 's mayor calls the situation a "  prison , " says his patience is running thin
After spending hours on Pinterest , combing through scores of gorgeous decor photos , do you ever look at your kitchen and hear the "  Wah , wah , waaaaaaah " of a sad trombone ? Kitchens do n't work like other rooms , say decorators , and it 's not always obvious how to decorate them . Instead of four blank walls to adorn , there are cabinet doors , appliances and counter tops , which can leave you feeling a little boxed in . "  When we purchased our home we were stuck with a lot of light maple cabinets . Good storage , yes , but all I saw were square lines , " said Holly Modica , the decorating blogger behind "  House by Holly . " One way to deal with a grid of cabinet doors is a rigorous renovation , but not everyone has the budget for knocking down walls or installing custom cabinetry . Modica took a minimizing approach to her kitchen . "  The focus became how to soften the cabinets and add texture , " she said . She collected soup tureens , baskets and weathered furniture from tag sales , made burlap shades for her chandelier and replaced only the backsplash . "  Now I barely notice the cabinets I once loathed , " she said , because now the kitchen is stocked with decorative items she enjoys seeing every day . "  You have to look at decorating your kitchen in a different way , " said "  Chic on a Shoestring " decorator Kate Connor . "  It 's not harder , just different . The color of your cabinets , the hardware of the cabinets , your backsplash and countertops all make up the decor in your kitchen , whether you like them or not . " "  People do n't think of these things as decor , but they set the tone of the whole room . If they are outdated it can be difficult to decorate around them , " she said . Simple paint created Layla Palmer 's favorite kitchen feature , two-toned cabinets . She applied mourning dove gray paint to the bottom cabinets of the kitchen in her last home , and alabaster white to the top . She also employed chalkboard paint and a painted beadboard backsplash to create the cottage look she loves . "  We made inexpensive cosmetic changes and all of them are easy to change if the new homeowner ever decides to do so , " she said , like adding pine boards and crown molding to make their off-the-shelf cabinets look taller . And who 's to say you have to keep the cabinet doors as is ? "  Sometimes people hesitate using glass doors on cabinets because they want to hide all their mess or they do n't know how to beautifully style them with just simple stemware , " said decorator Rina Norwood of Cornelius , North Carolina . Modica , too , uses open cabinets as part of her decor scheme . "  I like to display my pretty things , but keep my countertops clear , " she said . The builder-basic kitchens found in many homes can be a source of design frustration . The solution , say decorators , is to think "  timeless " when approaching the most noticeable aspects of the kitchen . "  I chose to stay within a very neutral zone , colorwise , to keep it from becoming outdated . Keeping the cabinets white with a black counter top gives our kitchen a very classic , timeless look , " said Carmel Phillips of Lexington , Kentucky . Updating the hardware , too , can be an inexpensive and effective update to plain old cabinets . "  There is something so timeless , classic , bright and elegant about a white kitchen , " said "  Cuckoo 4 Design " blogger Julia Konya . But you do n't necessarily have to erase the dated features of the room . Sometimes , as in Sandra Kent 's case , they can end up lending a very specific feeling to a kitchen . "  Cabinets say a lot of the time period , " said Kent , from Dallas . "  My mother has adorable maple cabinets built in the '50s and I think they make the kitchen . Our home has solid oak from the '80s and I think it represents a period of stability . " However , when it comes to investing in the kitchen , the practical and decorative choice is countertops . "  The decor feature that stands out the most in our kitchen , and I would have to say in most kitchens , are the countertops . They are a splurge that was well worth it and they make a huge difference , " said Konya . "  I first wanted to go with Carrara marble , but we are a very active family and I wanted something more durable . That 's why I decided on highly durable and strong quartz . " Kitchens take a beating , and countertops , floors and appliances need to be strong enough to stand the test of countless dinners and holiday feasts . At the same time , there 's got to be a cozy , comfortable feel in the room , because it 's the place where family and guests are bound to congregate , said Connor . Aside from plenty of comfortable seating , she thinks lighting is key . "  People are afraid to use lamps in a kitchen , but they really can amp up the coziness of the room . A small lamp near the sink or under the cabinets adds a nice warmth to a room that you ca n't get from overhead , " Connor said . She finds the lamps she put on the buffet table in her kitchen were an easy decorating opportunity that ratcheted up the comfort level . Are you obsessed with decorating your house ? Show us your skills at CNN 's Open House and your photo could be featured in next week 's story . Our next focus , in honor of Prince George : Nurseries .	Creating a beautiful kitchen with the original cabinets is n't impossible Countertops , seating and lighting are key -- accent colors can go a long way Share your nursery decor in the next CNN Open House iReport assignment
CNN  -- Tim Tebow wants to be an inspiration . As the Denver Broncos quarterback approaches the second round of the NFL playoffs , a documentary offers a detailed look at his quest to convince the teams that he could bring his college success to the pro level . With typical humility , he says he just hopes the film inspires young people . "  I hope it 's a positive message for kids who  are  trying to accomplish their dreams , " he told ESPN 's Bill Williamson . "  I want to show them that there are adversity and obstacles for everyone , but you can make it . I am honestly living my dream , but I had adversity and obstacles . I want kids to get hope from this . " Yeah , some of you are rolling your eyes . But Tebow genuinely believes that . And that 's one of the messages of the film , says Chase Heavener , who directed "  Tim Tebow : Everything in Between . " Tim Tebow is exactly what he appears to be : a hard-working , squeaky-clean , all-American guy . "  It 's really cool to see that it 's true . He is who he says he is , " Heavener said . Heavener is something of an expert on this subject . He 's not just a filmmaker who followed the man who is now arguably the most famous quarterback in America . He 's also a friend . Heavener 's dad and Tebow 's dad were college roommates and have stayed buddies . That friendship uniquely positioned the younger Heavener to ask the Heisman Trophy winner and two-time national champion to be filmed constantly through winter 2010 . Heavener and his team at Fiction , a video production company , ended up with more than 1,000 hours of film , which were edited to 50 minutes when ESPN picked up the television rights to the project . It was shot in the months between Tebow 's last collegiate game and the night he was drafted by the Broncos . The film debuted in January 2011 with "  very impressive " ratings , ESPN publicist Jennifer Cingari said , and "  it has done well in re-airs , too . " The documentary will get three more airings before Saturday night 's Divisional Round game pitting the Broncos at the heavily favored New England Patriots . The cameras follow Tebow and his supporters through the process of preparing for the NFL draft . He hires an agent ; plays in an all-star game for NFL prospects ; moves to Nashville , Tennessee , to train ; and eventually waits in his parents ' home to see which team will choose him . Sports Illustrated : Tim Tebow news , photos and covers More air time is spent on football than personal life , but Heavener says viewers see what makes Tebow a special person and athlete . People who start out ambivalent about the quarterback or even in the anti-Tebow camp tell him that , by the end , they 're cheering when the Broncos call on him . "  You get to see that none of things he 's gotten in his life are handed to him ; they 're all a byproduct of how hard he works for it , " Heavener said . "  I 've never seen someone who is so driven and so focused . " In 2010 , Tebow prepared for the draft as experts debated endlessly where he should go . The difference in contract for a top pick and a mid-round pick is millions of dollars . But it also sends a statement to the rest of the players about where the team is going . In one scene , as Tebow autographs merchandise with a television within earshot , ESPN analyst Todd McShay tells the TV audience that he thinks Tebow has third-round talent . Tebow does n't say a word , does n't even lift his head to acknowledge the comment , while others in the room make sympathetic do n't - listen-to-that-guy remarks . "  It makes him work harder , " Heavener said . "  Instead of taking it in a negative way , he makes it into something positive . " The filmmaker says that 's something he 's seen from Tebow his whole life , even in high school . Tebow 's much-publicized religion is a subtle part of the film . He visits a young gunshot victim in the hospital and leads a prayer with the family . He speaks at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington . He and his mother make a commercial for the conservative religious group , Focus on the Family . "  I approached this as a documentary , so however Tim chose to present his faith that is how we presented it in the piece , " Heavener said . What you see is "  how Tim lives his life . " The recently released DVD has some important extra material , Heavener says . He feels that the TV version of the documentary really does n't leave anything out , but he added some draft night material after getting feedback from fans . The TV version goes to black just as NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell is about to announce Tebow 's name at the draft . Heavener said he was intrigued by the fact that it seemed women disliked , even hated , cutting it there , while men were cool with the choice . There are 10 more minutes of the announcement and ensuing celebration on the DVD . He also put some outtakes in which Tebow 's sense of humor is more visible . "  He likes to rib you a little bit , " he says . He even uses humor during the most tense moment of the film , when Tebow 's anxiously deciding with his agent whether to take the risk of going to the NFL 's draft festivities  where he 'd be embarrassed if he goes undrafted on the first night  . "  You have to have a little fun in life , " Tebow tells him , an easy smile stretching across his face . He ended up as the 25th overall pick . Since the draft , the focus on Tebow has become steadily more intense . Heavener , now just a friend instead of a documentarian , says he has gone to almost every Denver Broncos game this year . And Tebow remains the same , he says , thanks in part to the people he surrounds himself with . They help bring perspective . One of the things Tebow does to stay grounded is to host a child from the Make-a-Wish foundation every week . He meets with his guest before each game and take him or her on the field . After the contest -- win or lose -- they hang out , talk and cut up . You know , to give the kid some hope .	Chase Heavener spent four months chronicling quarterback 's NFL dreams Heavener was friends with Tim Tebow , who gave him unfettered access to his training Documentary follows Tebow from last game in college to night he gets drafted Heavener says Tebow is the real deal , what you see is how he really is
Good  -- A few months ago , the Joseph Rowntree Foundation , a UK-based nonprofit that does amazing work in the field of poverty and social exclusion , issued a surprising report that deserves a much wider readership . The study evaluated the success of a radical new way of working with the long-term homeless . Instead of soup kitchens , shelters , and mobile health clinics , the charity Broadway simply selected 15 homeless people that their outreach workers had found the hardest to reach  one had been on the streets for an astonishing 45 years  , asked them what it was they needed to change their lives -- and then bought it for them . One asked for sneakers and a prepaid cell phone , one needed cash to pay off a loan , one wanted a TV and a comfy chair  to make the move into hostel accommodation more attractive  , and one requested a camper van . Each of them received the money to purchase exactly what they asked for , with the condition that they also had to choose a personal "  broker " who would help them write a budget . Good : "  Cultural Tourist Agency " teaches Angelenos how to walk in the city Two refused to engage with the pilot project altogether , but of the 13 who agreed to take part , 11 are now off the streets . Several have entered treatment for addiction and mental health issues , some have reconnected with their families , and all are exhibiting an enhanced ability to function independently in society  i.e. paying bills , signing up for welfare , and turning up for training courses , etc.  . The participants ' own comments give a clue as to why the intervention worked so well : I 've got a 32-inch telly and a DVD . I 've come a long way from the street ! The option of going to homeless organizations -LSB- for support -RSB- did n't enter my mind . I know I 'm an entirely different creature from most homeless people . I did n't just go for the most expensive , I did it as if it was my money . I 'm getting into thinking more -LSB- about how the money is spent -RSB- . I 've got to be honest here , it was n't just the individual budget , it was the fact there was -LSB- co-ordinator -RSB- there as well ... We was meeting -LSB- regularly -RSB- to discuss it , and I 'd actually gone from the stage of wanting nothing to do with these people , to actually looking forward to seeing them . Good : The 10 most wildly racist things from this anti-Muslim protest This was only a small-scale pilot project , but its results are compelling and make a lot of sense . Broadway 's outreach workers , some of whom confessed that they were initially afraid that the homeless people would "  milk " the system or spend the money on drugs , testified to the power of treating each person as an individual , respecting their autonomy , and helping them to build a relationship of trust and accountability with an "  establishment " figure . The upfront expense of a budget and the cost of providing personalized one-on-one "  broker " support are easily outweighed by the amount the taxpayer will spend over time on police , prison , and medical bills  at least in the UK , where the study was carried out and where social services are more generous  . This month , the pilot is being expanded to become a central part of Broadway 's regular outreach efforts in the City of London ; it will be fascinating to see whether these kinds of successes can be replicated on a larger scale . © 2010 Good . All rights reserved .	Of the 13 homeless people who agreed to take part , 11 are now off the streets The 13 are exhibiting an enhanced ability to function independently in society The pilot is being expanded this month to become a central part of Broadway 's outreach efforts
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. envoy will meet with North Korean officials next week to test that nation 's willingness to abandon its nuclear program , the State Department said Monday . Special Representative for North Korea Policy Glyn Davies will meet with his counterpart , North Korean First Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan , in Beijing on February 23 , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters . Davies just returned from Russia , where he discussed continuing efforts to get North Korea to disarm . The talks will mark the first high-level contact since the death of North Korea 's longtime leader , Kim Jong Il , in December and the subsequent transition of power to his youngest son , Kim Jong Un . Washington hopes the talks signal the new regime 's desire to negotiate with the United States and address international concerns over its nuclear program . Kim 's death last month threw into flux U.S. plans for renewed diplomacy with North Korea , including formal talks on ending Pyongyang 's nuclear program and possible resumption of U.S. food assistance . The North Korea government was expected to suspend its uranium enrichment in exchange for food assistance as part of a deal that was to be announced around the time of Kim 's death .	U.S. envoy Glyn Davies is scheduled to meet with a North Korean official in Beijing They will discuss North Korea 's willingness to suspend its nuclear program The death of Kim Jong Il disrupted a deal for a suspension in return for food aid
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Pixar has nothing on nature when she 's hungry . For proof , head to Congress Bridge in Austin , Texas where hundreds of thousands of bats gather between March and October . At sunset they whoosh into the sky like someone spiked a pipeline of black dots . Then , the flapping plume streaks into the city to chow down on thousands of pounds of insects . It 's a sight to behold . People watch from the bridge itself or observe from behind the safety of a drink umbrella at one of the few restaurants with a view . Midsummer , when the mama bats start having baby bats , their population swells to a million and a half , making it the biggest urban bat colony in North America . For maximum enjoyment , visitors just need to show up and stand still . To minimize fistfights , avoid mentioning aloud that the bats are Mexican and crossing the border to have babies . Something else descends on Austin in March ... nerds , media types , tastemakers , people who use words like "  tastemakers , " boys and girls in groups of three and four who carry instruments and occasionally know how to play them . They are all here for the South by Southwest , a black hole of a conference that has absorbed every industry that involves liberal arts graduates with a creative streak . At the center of the chaos stands The Driskill -- a grand dame of a hotel built in 1886 , but recently updated and restored . It 's a big , handsome place , certainly up to its job of sheltering dignitaries and celebrities who visit Texas ' capital city . The Romanesque building has a terrace that overlooks the street and a large rotunda that caps the activity of a bustling lobby bar and the comings and goings from two different restaurants . The Driskill has been the backdrop for all sorts of Texas history -- from the Texas Rangers plotting their ambush of Bonnie and Clyde to Lyndon Johnson taking in the returns of his presidential run , but its most famous visitors are ghosts . Stories abound , but the most common is that of a little girl , allegedly the daughter of a senator , who died in the hotel chasing a ball . It 's said that occasionally you can still hear peals of childish laughter and the thump , thump of the toy she lost hold of . But stopping by the Driskill each evening for a nightcap , the only ghosts I saw were those of children past who 've grown up to be tipsy and tarted up young adults raring to take on Austin 's abundant nightlife . NYC : Cheap thrills with an old flame The stream of revelers in the Driskill 's lobby is a byproduct of the hotel 's address on Sixth Street , Austin 's honky tonk strip and the basis of its claim to the title "  Live Music Capital of the World . " At its best Sixth is a people-watching paradise with a smorgasbord of music to choose from ; at its worst it can feel like Bourbon Street at a keg party . During March in Austin , there is live music and then some . Like a gangster buying turkeys for his neighborhood on Thanksgiving , at SXSW , big business throws concerts and gives away booze to the culture it co-opts and profits from . Austin is a natural place for artists and companies to play patty cake . It 's home to four Fortune 500 companies , including Whole Foods -- one of the first companies to let profit motive wear a tie dye to work . And it 's home to a gold mine of musicians and artists , including one Willie Nelson , who despite playing outlaw country , flying his freak flag and professing a fondness for funny cigarettes has made a bundle in the mainstream .  The fact that he forgot to pay taxes on part of that bundle , only reinforces the point . The bohemian ethos that exists in Austin has always accommodated commercial interests . Even the oft - heard local phrase "  Keep Austin Weird " is not an endorsement of the town 's many hippies and hipsters , but instead a slogan of the Austin Independent Business Alliance to promote small businesses . After three days and 21 bands , I found myself in line at a CVS buying earplugs and iodine tablets for my girlfriend back home in Los Angeles .  Note : You ca n't buy them in Austin and you do n't need them anyway . Note to girlfriend : I tried .  A friend suggested we leave the chaos of the conference and go stand in front of trees for a while instead of stacks of amplifiers . So we hit the Barton Creek Green Belt , a seven-mile stretch of land where you can get lost within city limits . On previous trips I 'd cooled off in it 's various swimming holes , but this time we just strolled along the trails , scrambled around the dry creek bed and admired the limestone cliffs . This is the healthy side of Austin . The part that pushes it to the top of "  livable " city lists . Lance Armstrong 's Austin . And although it was a dry 80 degrees you could feel traces of the oppressive heat that will consume the city in a few months . Seattle has its rain to thank for keeping the city from being completely overrun by transplants ; Austin has its summers . When the din in our ears finally stopped and we 'd sweated out the past few nights of excess , we decided to ease back into town via Lalas -- a local dive bar where it 's Christmas every day . From the looks of the lights , decorations and secondhand smoke , time stopped here sometime in the '70s . The bar is usually tended by Lala herself  it 's rumored that the Christmas decorations are permanently on display because she lost her husband during the holidays and left the bar just as it was when he passed  , but that day it was her nephew who brought us our drinks . How delightfully decadent to sit in a cool dark bar on a hot sunny day . We left just as the sun began to set . If you go : Austin essentials	Austin 's tremendous temporary bat population puts on a great evening show South by Southwest festival mixes the city 's bohemian and big business sensibilities Austin has a reputation both for live music and natural attractions
CNN  -- Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid will go head-to-head later this month to decide which football club is the finest in Europe but , when it comes to the bottom line , there is only one winner . The city rivals will battle it out in the Champions League final on May 24 in Lisbon , but Atletico look to have their work cut out given the financial disparity between the two clubs . Nine-time champions of Europe Real top a Forbes list of the world 's most valuable football teams , with Los Blancos reportedly worth $ 3.44 billion . The Santiago Bernabeu stadium team , which boasts the talents of FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo , posted a revenue of $ 675 million for 2012-13 , with an operating income of $ 172m . In contrast , Atletico is way down the the financial pecking order , with Forbes ranking Atletico 17th , valuing Los Rojiblancos at $ 328m . Even so Atletico are punching above their weight in the Spanish league title and with two matches two go , Diego Simeone 's Atletico team is top of the table -- three points ahead of second-placed Barcelona and four points clear of Real in third . Atletico have surprised many with an impressive run to the final of Europe 's premier club competition -- the first time the club has reached this stage of the competition in 40 years . Barcelona are ranked second by Forbes , valued at $ 3.28 billion , with Manchester United worth an estimated $ 2.81 billion in third spot . Current European and German champions Bayern Munich are next on the lists with a valuation of $ 1.85 billion , with London club Arsenal  $ 1.33 billion  completing the top five . Forbes Most Valuable Football Teams 2014 : 1 . Real Madrid  $ 3.44 billion 2 . Barcelona  $ 3.2 bn 3 . Manchester United  $ 2.81 bn 4 . Bayern Munich  $ 1.85 bn 5 . Arsenal  $ 1.33 bn 6 . Chelsea  $ 868 million 7 . Manchester City  $ 863m 8 . AC Milan  $ 856m 9 . Juventus  $ 850m 10 . Liverpool  $ 691m	Forbes names Real Madrid the world 's most valuable football team Real valued at $ 3.44 billion , with Barcelona second on the list on $ 3.2 billion European Champions League finalists Atletico Madrid rated 17th Manchester United  $ 2.81 billion  ranked third , ahead of Bayern Munich  $ 1.85 billion
Washington  CNN  -- If you listen carefully , you can hear something important being debated in this election , in fact one of the most important questions of them all : What hope is there for the average American worker ? Once upon a time -- in the far-off days after World War II -- the average worker could look forward to a steadily rising standard of living . You did n't have to be anyone special or do anything special . Just keep doing your job , and over the three decades from the mid-1940s through the mid-1970s you could expect your wages to double . And that 's after inflation . That was a long time ago . Even before the Great Recession , wages tended to stagnate or decline , except for the most skilled workers in the most robust industries : technology , finance , and so on . The middle stayed put ; the top pulled away . There 's little reason to expect that situation to change after recovery arrives . Opinion : Republicans risk being the party of mean We live in a world of global competition now , where even white-collar jobs can be outsourced to India . If the jobs ca n't be exported , then the workers are imported , via legal or illegal immigration . Outside the government sector , unions wield little clout -- where they exist at all . For those reasons and others , the wage share of the economy had already sunk to record lows as of 2007 . What -- if anything -- should be done ? Barack Obama and Mitt Romney each have answers , although you have to listen carefully to reconstruct them . Here  as I read it  is President Obama 's answer .  These are my words , except for the speech quote . Purely free markets wo n't be generating wage increases any time soon . There 's just too much low-wage competition out there . But we can do two things . As I outlined in my November 2011 speech in Osawatomie , Kansas , we can put more people to work in jobs funded by government contracts , where government can ensure high wages and benefits . That 's what I meant when I said , " -LSB- M -RSB- anufacturers and other companies are setting up shop in the places with the best infrastructure to ship their products , move their workers , communicate with the rest of the world . And that 's why the over 1 million construction workers who lost their jobs when the housing market collapsed , they should n't be sitting at home with nothing to do . They should be rebuilding our roads and our bridges , laying down faster railroads and broadband , modernizing our schools -- all the things other countries are already doing to attract good jobs and businesses to their shores . "  Yes , business , and not government , will always be the primary generator of good jobs with incomes that lift people into the middle class and keep them there . But as a nation , we 've always come together , through our government , to help create the conditions where both workers and businesses can succeed . " Government contractors ca n't employ everybody , however . So we 'll plump up the low wages of those in the purely private economy with a growing array of wage supplements . We top up low pay with the Earned Income Tax Credit . We 've added 14.6 million food stamp beneficiaries . After 2014 , we 'll be enrolling as many as 17 million additional low-wage workers in the country in Medicaid . We 've increased subsidies for college tuition , and we subsidize heating fuel costs as well . Vote for me , and government benefits and government employment will compensate for the wage increases the private job market does not deliver . Mitt Romney has called the president 's vision a "  government-centric " one - and that seems exactly right . Here 's the Romney alternative  again these are my words , not his  : I probably ca n't deliver rising wages for the typical worker any better than the president can . That 's why I hardly talk about wages at all -- they 're barely mentioned in my most important economic policy statement , the 57-point plan I released last year . My concern is less with the typical worker and more with the most ambitious and most talented . I want to protect the "  right to rise , " as my supporters in the conservative media often phrase it . Under the president 's approach , that right will be crushed by the weight of debt and taxes -- and what 's debt , but future taxes ? Instead of greater subsidies for those content to stay where they are , I offer lower taxes to those who want to better their condition . Their hard work and innovation will yield benefits for everyone . OK , maybe money wages have n't risen much since 1973 for the typical worker . But today that worker has a safer car , a bigger house , and smarter appliances . He or she enjoys products and services unimagined in 1973 : personal computers , cellphones , video on demand . Food , furniture , and vacations are all cheaper and better . You can choose Coke with zero calories , and you do n't have to line up at the DMV to renew your license plates . All these improvements were brought to you by people who got rich along the way -- and so will the next wave of improvements after that . The president 's call for higher taxes on the rich will only stifle and slow consumer progress . The president is offering higher taxes to support more benefits . I 'm offering lower taxes to drive more improvements in the private economy and better products and services for you . Vote for me . Do n't expect the candidates ever to speak that frankly -- too risky . But if you pay attention , you can discover the inner message behind the warm fog of campaign rhetoric . So there 's your choice , America : because while we may have put 100 new cereal varieties on the shelves , at the voting booth it 's still just Red or Blue . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : American workers have been losing ground for decades He says President Obama 's answer is to make up for wage declines with government aid Romney 's view is that government ca n't prop up wages but should enable innovators , Frum said Frum : The candidates wo n't fully own up to their visions , but you can read between the lines
Las Vegas  CNN  -- One minute , he 's checking a cat 's mouth for gingivitis . The next , he 's carefully bandaging a dog 's bloody , broken nail . This could be any hard-working veterinarian tending to ailing animals . But the embroidered name on his crisp white medical coat bears a familiar name : Dr. John Ensign . He 's better known as former Nevada Sen. John Ensign , who abruptly announced his resignation 10 months ago amid a high-profile sex scandal . "  I built this , " Ensign told CNN in an exclusive interview inside West Flamingo Animal Hospital , where he now works . "  It was the first 24-hour animal hospital in Las Vegas , and Dr. Yak -LSB- the current owner -RSB- bought this from me , and now I 'm working for him , " he mused , calling it humbling , yet also "  a very healthy thing to have happen in life . " Ensign was the only veterinarian in Congress . He had n't practiced since becoming a U.S. senator more than a decade ago . Ensign took CNN on an exclusive tour of the animal hospital , just a few blocks west of the Bellagio hotel and famous Las Vegas Strip . Stopping to look at a large dog getting a digital X-ray , he points to the image . "  You can tell he 's had a crushed pelvis there , " he said . "  You see our X-ray equipment ? It 's all digital now . " He said he works hard to get up to speed on the changes in technology and techniques since he was elected to the Senate . "  Literally , I 'm studying , you know , till 10 , 11 o'clock every night and just trying to make sure that I get back up to a very high level in veterinary medicine , " Ensign said . "  There 's been a steep learning curve , and I 've gone to continuing-ed -LSB- education -RSB- conferences . I 've spent time with specialty practices , both in California and here , " he said . He insists veterinary medicine is where his heart is . "  I loved being in the Senate . That was a wonderful experience . But I 'm putting as much passion into this as I did that , and so I 'm really enjoying it . And the other nice thing is being home every night , you know , seeing my wife and kids every day , " Ensign said . Ensign is still with his wife , Darlene , and says they 're doing "  great " -- healing after his extramarital affair with Cynthia Hampton , a longtime friend and employee , led to his political downfall . Last spring , the Senate Ethics Committee issued a lengthy , stinging report with a torrid narrative of the affair , accusing Ensign of violating the law by trying to help Hampton 's aggrieved husband -- a former staffer -- find lobbying jobs . Ensign , an evangelical Christian , resigned three weeks before the report came out . When asked if he left Congress to avoid testifying before the Senate Ethics Committee , he said , "  My family had been through enough . I did n't want to put them through more . " Ensign and his wife have three children , two boys and a girl -- one in college , one in high school and one in junior high . The committee report recommended that the Justice Department investigate Ensign for violating the law , but he told us he has no indication that is happening . "  I have n't heard anything since I left . I really do n't think about it until somebody like you asks me about it , " he said . But he did offer that he did n't think the ethics report was fair , saying it published the report without incorporating what Ensign submitted . "  They did not even consider our side in it , " Ensign said . He is introspective about his fall from grace , warning those still in politics not to let power get the best of them , as it did him . "  Do everything that you possibly can to keep yourself grounded . And a big part of that is keep people surrounded , keep people around who basically will slap you upside the head and tell you when you 're doing wrong , " he advised . Did n't he have that ? "  I thought I did , but after a while , you develop invisible barriers and to where they 're actually intimidated to do that , even though I would say it all the time , " he said . "  Even when you really value people , you can still develop a little bit of an arrogance that you do n't even see in yourself . " Ensign 's political star was once so bright , the former member of the Republican leadership in the Senate had pondered a presidential run . Does he have pangs now , watching GOP contenders like Mitt Romney and his old friend Rick Santorum go at it ? Ensign shakes his head . "  The chances for me would have been so slim anyway , but you know you ca n't go back , you ca n't look back . I 'm looking forward to veterinarian medicine , I 'm having a ball . " When he 's not at West Flamingo Animal Hospital , Ensign spends his time at an animal shelter neutering dogs and cats -- and the shelter sometimes does hundreds in one day . He recently had to put a dog to sleep for the first time since returning to veterinarian medicine . "  It was an older dog , and you know I held the lady , I hugged her . She wanted to be there when the animal was put to sleep . It was her husband 's dog , and he died four years ago , and so at the same time , you look at that as an incredible responsibility to be there for people , " Ensign said . It 's those moments that make Ensign call veterinarian medicine his life 's passion . And what about the politics ? The profession he was forced to leave ? Ensign tries to keep a sense of humor about it all . "  You know the bark is worse than the bite in D.C. , " he said , tongue firmly in his cheek , adding , "  I was vaccinated for rabies . " CNN Senior Congressional Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	EXCLUSIVE : John Ensign is now working at a veterinarian hospital he once owned Former Nevada senator left Washington amid a sex scandal Once the only vet in Congress , he is now taking classes to brush up on his skills He is introspective , warning those still in politics not to let power get the best of them
CNN  -- More than 200,000 children were spanked or paddled in U.S. schools during the past school year , human rights groups reported Wednesday . Schools in 21 states can use corporal punishment . "  Every public school needs effective methods of discipline , but beating kids teaches violence , and it does n't stop bad behavior , " wrote Alice Farmer , the author of a joint report from Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union . "  Corporal punishment discourages learning , fails to deter future misbehavior and at times even provokes it . " Corporal punishment in schools remains legal in 21 U.S. states and is used frequently in 13 : Missouri , Kentucky , Texas , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina , Tennessee and Florida , according to data received from the Office for Civil Rights at the U.S. Department of Education and cited in the report . The highest percentage of students receiving corporal punishment was in Mississippi , with 7.5 percent of students . The highest number was in Texas , with 48,197 students . "  When you talk to local school officials , they point to the fact that it 's quick and it 's effective -- and that 's true , " Farmer said . "  It does n't take much time to administer corporal punishment , and you do n't have to hire someone to run a detention or an after-school program . " But she said , "  We need forms of discipline that makes children understand why what they did was wrong . " In addition , corporal punishment can be linked to poverty and lack of resources . For instance , the report said , "  Teachers may have overcrowded classrooms and lack resources such as counselors to assist with particularly disruptive students or classroom dynamics . " Overall , 223,190 students received corporal punishment in 2006-07 , according to the Department of Education statistics . That number is down from 342,038 students in 2000-01 as more and more districts abolished corporal punishment . Watch how one Texas family feels about corporal punishment " The punishment is disproportionately applied to black students , according to the organizations . During the 2006-07 school year , for instance , black students made up 17.1 percent of the nationwide student population but 35.6 percent of those paddled at schools . Black girls were paddled at twice the rate of their white counterparts in the 13 states using corporal punishment most frequently . And although boys are punished more often than girls , the report found that African-American students in general are 1.4 times more likely to receive corporal punishment . In addition , special education students with mental or physical disabilities were more likely to receive corporal punishment , according to the ACLU and Human Rights Watch . Evangelical leader James Dobson 's influential Focus on the Family group is among those stopping short of calling for a full ban on paddling in schools . "  Corporal punishment is not effective at the junior and senior high school levels , and I do not recommend its application , " Dobson said on the organization 's Web site . "  It can be useful for elementary students , especially with amateur clowns  as opposed to hard-core troublemakers  . For this reason , I am opposed to abolishing spanking in elementary schools because we have systematically eliminated the tools with which teachers have traditionally backed up their word . We 're now down to a precious few . Let 's not go any further in that direction . " Andrea Cancellare said her then-13-year-old son was paddled -- or "  swatted " -- three years ago for flicking rubber bands in class , despite the fact she had written a letter directing school officials in Alpine , Texas , not to use corporal punishment against him . School officials told her they could not find the letter when she complained . When she approached the principal and superintendent , Cancellare said , they told her that "  most parents like this because it takes care of the punishment . It gets the kids back in class . It does n't disrupt instruction . It 's like the quick and dirty way of dealing with discipline problems . " Alpine Independent School District Superintendent Jose Cervantes said that both the principal and superintendent have taken other jobs , but for the past several years , the district has had a clear policy allowing parents to sign a waiver form and opt out of corporal punishment . "  It works on some , and it does n't work on others , " Cervantes said . "  If you 're one of the individuals that it does work on , yes , it will become a deterrent . " Cancellare disagrees . "  I do n't think it 's the school 's place to make decisions like that , " she said . "  I 'm not necessarily in favor of that kind of punishment in the house either , but I feel like if somebody makes that decision , it should be the parent . " Most states typically leave it up to individual districts whether to use corporal punishment , and some of the nation 's largest school districts -- among them Houston and Dallas , Texas ; Memphis , Tennessee ; Atlanta , Georgia ; and Mobile County , Alabama -- have banned the practice , according to the report . See where corporal punishment is legal " CNN 's Tracy Sabo and Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	Human Rights Watch , ACLU say spanking "  discourages learning " Corporal punishment is used frequently in schools in 13 states ; it 's legal in 21 Rights groups say such punishments are often disproportionately applied Evangelical leader 's group says spanking "  can be useful " in elementary schools
In broad daylight , with no fear of being seen , a group of Honduran girls -- some as young as 14 -- cross illegally into the United States . "  Because I want to see my parents in Austin , " one tells CNN . Moments later , another group of Hondurans admits crossing the Rio Grande to get here , McAllen station , a border crossing into the United States . "  Thank God nothing happened , " they say of the perilous journey . This group quickly grows to 22 . Most are children who traveled without any adults . Unlike other stories of illegal immigration across a porous border , these immigrants are n't sneaking in . They 're showing up and announcing themselves . "  We are seeing hundreds turning themselves in daily . And I mean hundreds at a time , " said Chris Cabrera , a leader of the local chapter of the National Border Patrol Council , a labor union representing U.S. Border Patrol agents . Many of the immigrants use rafts to cross the Rio Grande , equipped with instructions to follow the river until reaching the Border Patrol site to surrender . "  They know that once they get to the station , we are going to give them paperwork and we are going to set them free into the United States , " Cabrera says . U.S. law prohibits the Department of Homeland Security from immediately deporting the children if they are not from Canada or Mexico . Instead , the children are turned over to Department Health and Human Services supervision "  within 72 hours of DHS taking them into custody , " an official said . "  Most of the time , they 're getting released to relatives in the U.S. , " Cabrera said . "  There 's nowhere to put them , so they 're released on their own recognizance and have a pending court date . I 'd say between 95 and 97 % of adults or youths do n't show up for court . " The numbers are staggering . He estimates that more than 60,000 unaccompanied juveniles will cross in 2014 and that the numbers will rise from there . "  You 're talking kids from 17 years old , on down to some that are 5 or 6 years old , traveling by themselves , " Cabrera says . More on CNN iReport : Your immigration stories Last year , roughly 10 % of people caught by Border Patrol agents were minors , according to a Border Patrol official . Texas has been so overwhelmed that federal officials are transporting busloads of immigrants , including minors , to Arizona . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer slammed the move . "  Not only does the federal government have no plan to stop this disgraceful policy , it also has no plan to deal with the endless waves of illegal aliens once they are released here , " she said in a statement . Official : Obama administration will enforce its priorities , not Arizona 's As of late last week , Immigration and Customs Enforcement was no longer releasing "  large family groups " at bus stops in Arizona , a Department of Homeland Security spokesman said , but children under age 17 are continuing to be transferred to the state . "  The situation with the kids are they came by themselves , they have no relatives here , and the consulates ca n't keep up . They 're in limbo . There 's no one  back home  to deport them to , " a DHS spokesman told CNN . Obama : ` Urgent humanitarian situation ' President Barack Obama declared the crossings "  an urgent humanitarian situation requiring a unified and coordinated federal response . " Earlier this month , in a memo to the heads of executive departments and agencies , he announced an "  interagency Unified Coordination Group to ensure unity of effort across the executive branch in responding to the humanitarian aspects of this situation . " The group will oversee coordination with state , local and other agencies . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson is establishing the group . In a statement , he said that "  addressing the rising flow of unaccompanied children crossing our southwest border is an important priority of this administration and the Department of Homeland Security . " Border facilities do n't have enough food , beds or sanitary facilities to provide for the children . Johnson vowed that DHS and other agencies will coordinate to ensure a "  rapid government-wide response in the short-term and to undertake broader , longer-term reforms to address the root cause behind these recent migration trends . " Senior administration officials said they had prepared for a greater influx of children across the Southwest border , but the numbers were much larger than anticipated in past weeks . Administration officials would not offer specifics on the number of children in custody , most of whom are being processed for possible repatriation to their home countries . Why now ? Numerous factors have come together to create this unprecedented surge . Many children are looking to escape violence and worsening economic conditions in their Central American countries . Some want to reunite with their parents who left them behind with relatives and plan to return for them when they can . Better weather is also cited as a factor leading some immigrants to decide to make the trek now . Cabrera says these crossings began to spike two years ago after the Obama administration announced it would stop deporting young illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children if they met certain requirements . Political battle Rep. Bob Goodlatte , the Republican chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , calls the situation "  an administration-made disaster . " "  Word has gotten out around the world about President Obama 's lax immigration enforcement policies and it has encouraged more individuals to come to the United States illegally , " he said in a statement . Columnist Linda Valdez , who writes about the issue for CNN affiliate azcentral.com , blames both sides . Goodlatte is "  a card-carrying member of the Republican majority that has blocked immigration reform , " she says . And "  Obama is n't off the hook . He 's been quietly managing disaster instead of yelling ` fire ' in this burning building . " The children flocking across the border in search of the American dream "  should n't come , " she says . But they "  would n't come if their undocumented parents did n't find it so easy to work in a country that loves cheap labor -- but treats cheap laborers like a disposable commodity . " States work around Obamacare to help undocumented immigrants New federal guidelines ban schools from conducting immigration checks on kids Border showdown : Families demand U.S. entry to reunite with relatives	"  I want to see my parents , " Honduran teen tells CNN 60,000 unaccompanied juveniles expected to cross in 2014 , Border Patrol official says "  Consulates ca n't keep up , " and they 're "  in limbo , " Department of Homeland Security official says Obama calls it an "  urgent humanitarian situation "
CNN  -- It may seem like a stretch to use sensitive crooner Josh Groban and "  rock " in the same sentence , but with his new album "  All That Echoes "  out this week  , there might be more of a connection than one would think . In an interview last month with Billboard , Groban revealed his influences this time around included Fleetwood Mac , Jethro Tull and Led Zeppelin . And indeed , he does seem to be slanting that way , at least in terms of producers . On 2010 's "  Illuminations , " he worked with the rap/hard rock producer Rick Rubin and on "  All That Echoes , " he teamed up with veteran rock producer Rob Cavallo , whose credits include Green Day and Kid Rock . CNN recently spoke with Groban from his home in Los Angeles about his rock 'n' roll habits past and present , why he sneaks into the crowd before he performs and his upcoming role on "  CSI : NY . " CNN : Growing up , who were some of the rock bands that you loved ? Josh Groban : Growing up in a city like L.A. , you have everything from the Roxy to the Hollywood Bowl to see music , so I was really lucky that my parents were open-minded at a young age . They took me to see everything from Elton John to the Blue Man Group . I was lucky to be in middle-school during the grunge-rock era , which is one of the best decades for rock music . So I grew up listening to Guns N ' Roses , Metallica , Nirvana , Pearl Jam , Stone Temple Pilots , that kind of thing . There was some epicness to that music . I also loved classic rock . I loved Queen . I loved listening to groups like Blood , Sweat & Tears . I do n't know if it 's considered "  rock , " but one of the albums that changed my life was Paul Simon 's "  Graceland . " It blew my mind . I think that was the record that really showed me that that kind of experimentation and cross-pollination of sounds can be a brilliant thing . CNN : Looking back , did you go through any embarrassing music phases ? Groban : I think we all go through questionable moments . But you know , they 're back on tour , so I can actually say it : My very first concert , in the third grade , was New Kids on the Block Christmas Concert at the Great Western Forum . If you were a third-grader at that time , there was nothing bigger than New Kids on the Block . It was huge . CNN : On your last record , you worked with Rick Rubin , and this record you worked with Rob Cavallo , who worked with artists like Green Day , Kid Rock and the Goo Goo Dolls . Do they bring an edge to your recordings ? Groban : I think they do . Any time you work with a producer , there 's a sonic marriage that happens , where you 're going to provide everything from your world and they 're going to provide a real stamp of a sound that they tap into instinctively . Whenever I said to him , "  I 'm not sure I can get away with that , " he was the one to say to me , "  no , this is naturally in you . We 'll know when we go too far . " CNN : Is it crazy to think that knowing your way around a loud guitar could mimic what you do with your vocals ? Groban : Not crazy at all . I make comparisons between rock singers and classical singers . ... I do n't think there 's any different intent when Freddie Mercury sings "  We are the Champions " and Pavarotti sings in "  Nessun Dorma . " Emotionally and cerebrally , you can be in the exact same headspace . That 's what 's interesting to me about quote-unquote crossover music . CNN : For the long-term Groban fan , what are they going to notice about this album ? Groban : This album , in my own humble opinion , is in equal parts a return to a certain style of form that I felt was a real sweet spot for me four or five years ago , but at the same time , there 's more of a willingness to explore new avenues than I ever have before . Easier said than done . As I sit back and listen to the album again , I say to myself , "  I think we really captured what we wanted to do : To not dumb down or compromise what I do vocally , but at the same time , I really pushed a lot of my boundaries . " CNN : On tour these days , do you have any rock star indulgences ? Groban :  Laughs  I will tell you , many of the real rockers I know on tour , have the most zen , meditative , dare I say boring existence back stage . Nowadays , I think the rock and roll thing is to not lose your voice on stage and to make sure your fans are happy . But my rock and roll indulgences are basically apple juice , lots of Fiji water and sometimes I 'll put on a hat , hoodie and sunglasses and I 'll go out and feel what they crowd feels like . CNN : Really ? Groban : Just during the opening act . My thing is , I like to feel the energy of the room before I go out there . Kind of plan my attack . For me , it 's not just about when the lights go down , it 's about the whole process . What does the room feel like ? What does the stage look like ? What was the ticket price ? You want everything to be an experience that makes them happy . If can feel whether there 's a buzz or a slight agitation . CNN : What 's interesting is that as record sales of rock music have declined , yours have been massive . Is operatic pop the last frontier for successful musicians ? Groban :  Laughs  It 's something I 've been scratching my head over . It 's sad for me to see so many record stores going under . I do n't think things are entirely digital . There 's a huge gap in how people buy their music . Digital is certainly the most convenient . Part of it has to do whether or not you draw a line in the sand on whether you 're going to be a "  single " artist or an "  album " artist . I ca n't get away with releasing an album unless it 's the kind of album my fans want to listen to from beginning to end . I think the digital world has gotten people used to picking and choosing what they deem to be the hit and disposing of the rest . And I think that can be really dangerous . CNN : Last year , we saw you cast on "  The Office " as Andy Bernard 's brother . Will you reprise that role as the series winding down ? Groban : I have n't been on set . I have n't been asked . I think it may have run its course . That happened so on a whim . I got a Twitter message from Mindy Kaling and she said "  Hey , I got a crazy idea , it would be really funny if you could stop by . " I just happened to be playing Staples Center the night before , so I went off stage , went home , got as much sleep as I could and showed up set the next morning at 5 a.m. I think it turned into something more than I expected it to . CNN : You 're also slated to appear in an upcoming comedy called "  Coffee Town , " alongside "  It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia 's " Glenn Howerton . What 's your character like ? Groban : Kind of a slacker , a failed rock band guy who 's a barista at a coffee shop who has an ongoing feud with Glenn , Ben Schwartz  "  House of Lies "  and Steve Little  "  Eastbound & Down "  . They basically come in there every day as their "  Clerks " style , hang and steal my free Wi-Fi by taking one sip every 20 minutes . It was fun to play that tattooed , d -- e-baggy type . CNN : Do you have any other acting gigs lined up ? Groban : There 's a really fun cameo I 'm about to make in a film that I wish I could tell you about , but they 've sworn me to secrecy . I 'm doing a cameo in "  CSI : NY , " as myself . I 'm just going to play "  Happy in My Heartache " from the new album in their Valentine 's episode . Not going to be a corpse , thankfully .	Josh Groban talks about some of his musical influences His first concert in the third grade was a New Kids on the Block Christmas show Groban is slated to appear in an upcoming comedy , "  Coffee Town "
CNN  -- A new smartphone operating system is joining the fray . Mozilla released a phone running its new Firefox OS in Spain on Monday , joining leading mobile operating systems Android and iOS , as well as smaller players Windows Phone and Blackberry . The ZTE Open and Alcatel OneTouch Fire are very basic phones with 3.5-inch screens , entry-level specs and appealingly low price tags . Telefonica will sell the ZTE Open in Spain starting July 2 for 69 euros , or about $ 90 . Nonprofit company Mozilla is trying to shake up the typical closed app ecosystems with the Firefox OS . Built using open Web standards , it will appeal to the estimated 8 million Web developers who can jump right in and start creating HTML 5 apps for the phones . There is no timeline for when the phone will come to the United States . For now , Mozilla is focusing on emerging markets such as Spain , Poland , Colombia , Venezuela and eventually Brazil , where an iPhone is prohibitively expensive for most people . "  For many of the users , this will be the first smartphone they would purchase , " said Chris Lee , who heads the product team for Firefox OS . Firefox OS is rolling out in locations where significant portions of the population are still using feature phones . Multiyear service contracts that can cut the cost of a smartphone are n't as common , and expensive high-end handsets such as the iPhone or Galaxy S-series are out of reach . Cheap Android devices are available , but at an event in San Francisco announcing the release , Mozilla CTO Brendan Eich pointed out that most of those are running Gingerbread , an old version of the Android OS . Eich also said the company was realistic about its goals . "  We are not aiming high and crashing into fortress Apple and fortress Google , " said Eich . Design-wise , the Firefox OS keeps it incredibly simple and intuitive to appeal to new smartphone users . The current home screen is most similar to the iPhone , with a four-by-four grid of icons and a dock for the most-used apps along the bottom of the screen . Lee says this version is just a starting point . The company hopes developers will create custom interfaces for the devices that mimic what people love about Android or Windows Phone or even entirely new takes on the usual smartphone screens . Firefox OS already has a few of the most popular apps , including Twitter and Facebook , as well as a maps app powered by Nokia Here . The usual built-in phone features are included for making phone calls , texting and browsing the Web . New HTML 5 apps will be available in the Mozilla Marketplace after they 're screened for security , though Mozilla wo n't be kicking apps out for content . The first Firefox OS phones are practical , not flashy , but the company hopes the combination of low price and open ecosystem will make it a moderate hit . "  Consumers do n't really know or care too much about what 's under the hood , " said Eich . "  They want something that has a brand they trust ... a good price and something that satisfies them about the apps . That 's a pretty short checklist . "	Mozilla 's new Firefox mobile operating system rolls out in Europe The phones are built on open Web standards and run HTML 5 apps There are no immediate plans to bring the phones to the U.S.
CNN  -- There 's nothing like a romantic kiss . It is the climax of every great love story and an experience that has motivated poets and musicians for thousands of years . It 's also a wonderful example of a behavior that is both nature and nurture . Humans have an instinctive drive to connect through kissing , but the style and expression is shaped by our culture and personal experiences . Beneath the surface , a kiss serves as the ultimate litmus test for a relationship . It can urge us to pursue a deeper connection with someone special or act as a warning to back off when something just does n't feel right . Science is finally beginning to unravel the mystery of how this happens . While we do n't often think of them in this way , human lips are the body 's most exposed erogenous zone . Packed with sensitive nerve endings , even a light brush sends a cascade of information to our brains helping us to decide whether we want to continue and what might happen next . Lip contact involves five of our 12 cranial nerves as we engage all of our senses to learn more about a partner . Electric impulses bounce between the brain , lips , tongue and skin , which can lead to the feeling of being on a natural "  high " because of a potent cocktail of chemical messengers involved . Opinion : Why I hate Valentine 's Day A passionate kiss acts like a drug , causing us to crave the other person thanks to a neurotransmitter called dopamine . This is the same substance involved in taking illegal substances such as cocaine , which is why the novelty of a new romance can feel so addictive . Dopamine is involved in sensations of reward , making us feel intense desire that can lead to feelings of euphoria , insomnia , and loss of appetite , and it is only one actor in the great chemical ballet happening in our bodies . And then there are physical changes . A kiss can cause our blood vessels to dilate , our pulse to quicken and cheeks to flush . Our pupils grow wide , which is likely one reason that so many of us are apt to close our eyes . In other words , the body 's response mirrors many of the same symptoms frequently associated with falling in love . Photos : ` French Kiss ' -- Romance in Paris But let 's be honest ; not every kiss leaves us wanting more . Evolutionary psychologists at The State University of New York at Albany recently reported that 59 % of men and 66 % of women say that they have ended a budding relationship because of a bad kiss . How is it that such a seemingly simple exchange has the power to influence attraction dramatically ? We can readily describe sensations of butterflies in the stomach or feeling weak in the knees when things go well , but we are less aware of the ways that kissing helps us to make a reliable assessment of another person . An often-overlooked organ that 's intimately involved in the experience is the nose . Beyond obvious mood spoilers such as poor hygiene and bad breath , we each have a distinct natural scent that appears to guide us toward choosing a partner with compatible DNA . Scientists have found that women prefer the scents of men with a complementary set of genes that code for the immune system . The benefit may be that if children come along down the line , they would be well-equipped to ward off disease . Of course , some people worry about the way that a kiss also puts us in very close proximity to another person 's germs . But in reality , we 're more likely to get sick by shaking hands throughout the day than by kissing . It 's necessary to include one important caveat : There seems to be a rise in the number of young people biting each other to express affection . This may be due , in part , to vampires in Hollywood making the exchange look extremely good on the big screen . However , biting your loved ones is the least appropriate way to show you care because injecting potentially dangerous viruses and bacteria directly into someone 's blood stream can be deadly . Blood-sucking aside , kissing allows us to cross normal social boundaries and get close enough for a reliable sample of scent , taste and possibly pheromones providing insight into long-term compatibility . In other words , there 's more to a kiss than meets the lips . We may not be actively aware of all of the significant ways our bodies respond , but kisses are powerful clues to evaluate when to pursue a relationship and when to move on . Fortunately , understanding the real chemistry involved does n't take any of the magic out of the moment , but it might boost the odds of leaving a lasting impression . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheril Kirshenbaum .	Sheril Kirshenbaum : A kiss can tell us to pursue a deeper connection with someone or to back off She says science is unraveling the mystery of how this happens A passionate kiss acts as a drug , causing chemical changes in the body , she says
Moscow  CNN  -- Divers have completed their search of a Russian cruise ship that sank last weekend with the loss of many lives , the Emergency Situations Ministry told CNN Friday . The official death toll has reached 114 -- including 66 women , 28 children and 20 men , the ministry said . The bodies of 15 people are still missing . There were 208 people on the "  Bulgaria " at the time of the accident Sunday , of whom 79 were rescued . Divers have checked all the boat 's compartments , the ministry said , and are now looking for more bodies around the boat as well downstream on the Volga River , where they could have been carried by the current . The area where search efforts continue has been enlarged to 200 kilometers  125 miles  from the scene , Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin said at a briefing Friday . Preparations are under way for the cruise ship to be raised from the river bottom in the coming days . Two large boat cranes , one from Moscow and another one from Volgograd , which will be used for the lifting , are on the way to the accident site . "  We have asked the Emergency Situations Ministry to keep 23 divers at the scene to continue the search for bodies even during the lifting operation , " Levitin said . Specialist military divers were brought in mid-week to aid in the search efforts . Four people face criminal charges over the sinking of the ship , which Russian media have called the most devastating river accident in the country 's history . All agencies and organizations involved in tourism must be held accountable , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said at a special government meeting Friday devoted to the accident . "  This means that not only people who rubber-stamp documents , not only scapegoats , but also organizers of cruises must answer , " he said , in comments broadcast by Russian state TV . "  The measure of punishment to be chosen must make it clear to each executive , irrespective of rank , that he or she will be held responsible for each cruise not only administratively , but also criminally . Criminal liability must be sufficiently serious . " Medvedev said it would be too expensive and complicated for Russia immediately to replace the fleets of ageing ships in use on rivers and at sea . But , he said , that did not mean those carrying out inspections should not be thorough . "  It is our task to find out the causes of the accident -- they are more or less clear now -- and also to prevent disasters , " he said . ArgoRechTour , the company that sub-leased the "  Bulgaria " , had illegally organized five cruises on the ship in the summer of 2011 prior to the accident , the Russian Prosecutor General 's Office said in a report published on its website Friday . The vessel did not have a license to transport passengers , was overloaded , and was last repaired more than 30 years ago , the prosecutors said earlier this week . They had also established that the left engine of the ship was damaged , the prosecutors said on their website . The vessel was built in 1955 in Czechoslovakia , according to Russian law enforcement officials . The double-deck cruise ship went down near the village of Syukeyevo in Tatarstan , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  south of the city of Kazan . Kazan is about 724 kilometers  450 miles  east of Moscow .	NEW : The search for bodies has been extended to 125 miles from the scene , the transport minister says NEW : President Medvedev says those involved in cruises should be held accountable Divers have searched all the compartments of the "  Bulgaria , " officials say The cruise ship is due to be raised from the bottom of the Volga River this weekend
LonelyPlanet.com  -- Have you ever visited a building that gave you the creeps ? These 10 buildings around the world are guaranteed to send a shiver down your spine . 1 . Wat Rong Khun , Chang Rai , Thailand Still under construction , Chiang Rai 's controversial modern temple is part traditional Buddhist temple , part white-frosted wedding cake , and part avant-garde art with a disturbing penchant for pointiness . Visitors must cross a bridge to the temple over a field of fangs and hundreds of pleading white arms and suffering faces of statues reaching up from hell . While stark whiteness predominates , the inside and other parts of the temple compound  including the toilets  are sparkling gold . Wat Rong Khun is open daily ; the White Temple is a short drive from Chiang Rai . 2 . Sedlec Ossuary , Kutná Hora , Czech Republic By the mid-1800s , the crypt at the Sedlec monastery had been a popular burial site for centuries , with plague outbreaks and Hussite Wars contributing thousands of remains . In the 1870s a local woodcarver was hired to make creative use of the bones that had been piling up in the crypt . This was no minor task : the ossuary contains the remains of over 40,000 people , many of which were used to decorate the chapel . The effect is as beautiful as it is macabre : elaborate light fixtures , arrays of bells , furnishings , splashy wall treatments and coats of arms are all loving recreated from skulls and bones of all sizes . Is that chandelier staring back at you ? To reach the monastery , drag your bones 800m south from Kutná Hora 's main train station . More gory details at www.kostnice.cz . Lonely Planet : How to travel like a kid 3 . Ryugyong Hotel , Pyongyang , North Korea Under construction since 1987 , the massive and still unfinished 105-story Ryugyong Hotel in Pyongyang looks like a luxury hotel designed for Mordor . Nicknamed the ` Hotel of Doom ' and described as ` the worst building in the history of mankind ' by Esquire , construction halted due to lack of funding , and the partially completed building stood windowless and looming ominously over the city for 16 years before work resumed in 2008 . Strikingly modern when first designed , time has not been kind to the building , which now looks simultaneously menacing , dated , and unconscionably extravagant relative to the impoverished populace . Once granted a visa , visitors to North Korea have little choice in where they are allowed to visit or photograph , but at 105 stories , the Ryugyong Hotel is hard to miss from anywhere in the capital . 4 . Dongyue Temple , Běijīng , China Běijīng 's most morbid shrine , the operating Taoist shrine of Dongyue Temple is an unsettling but fascinating place to visit . Stepping through the entrance you find yourself in Taoist Hades , where tormented spirits reflect on their wrongdoings . The ` Life and Death Department ' is a spiritual place to ponder your eventual demise , the ` Department for Wandering Ghosts ' and the ` Department for Implementing 15 Kinds of Violent Death ' have slightly less inviting names , while the ill might seek out the ` Deep-Rooted Disease Department ' . Other halls are less morbid , but no less interesting . Visit during the Chinese New Year or the Mid-Autumn Festival to see the temple at its most vibrant . Paying the extra Yuan for a guide can be helpful for interpreting the aspects of the temple that might otherwise defy explanation . 5 . Lemp Mansion , St Louis , USA Reputed to be one of the USA 's most haunted houses  if there are degrees of hauntedness  , St Louis ' Lemp Mansion has a long history of odd occurrences . Charles Lemp committed suicide in the house in 1949 and , ever since , strange things have taken place at the house , including doors that swing open spontaneously , glasses that leap off tables and break , and a tragically short-lived reality TV show . Today , the mansion operates as a restaurant and inn that capitalizes on the morbid fame through murder mystery dinner theatre , Halloween parties and weekly tours by a noted ` paranormal investigator ' . Stay the night if you dare . The mansion can be found just off I-55 , south of the Anheuser-Busch Brewery . Find more information on spooky events and reservations at www.lempmansion.com . 6 . Scott Monument , Edinburgh , Scotland A spiky Gothic fantasy with more than a passing resemblance to a Thai temple , the monument to Sir Walter Scott is a beloved fixture of the Edinburgh skyline . Just 61m high , the climb to the top does n't sound daunting until you find yourself wedged into the preposterously tiny spiral staircase . The final curve is so notoriously tight that squeezing yourself out the final doorway requires the flexibility of a spelunker . Edinburgh mystery writer Ian Rankin once set the scene of the crime at the top of the Scott Monument , with much of the story focusing on the physics of getting a stiff cadaver down the twisty staircase . Not a claustrophobe ? This might make you think otherwise . For history and seasonal visiting hours , see www.edinburghmuseums.org.uk . Lonely Planet : Hotels where famous people have died 7 . Catacombe dei Cappuccini , Palermo , Italy All of the inhabitants of the catacombs below Palermo 's Capuchin Monastery are decked out in their Sunday best . Unfortunately , that Sunday was several hundred years ago , and the outfits have fared significantly better that the wearers . The mummified bodies and skeletons of some 8000 Palermitans from the 1600s through to the 1800s are kept in the catacombs for all to see , some so well preserved that they look eerily lifelike . Men and women occupy separate corridors , and within the women 's area there 's a special virgin-only section . Spooky for adults , probably terrifying for the kiddies - be warned . The catacombs are a 15-minute walk from Palermo 's Piazza Independenza along Via Cappuccini or a short bus ride . 8 . Chernobyl Reactor # 4 , Ukraine Famously the site of the world 's biggest nuclear disaster in 1986 , the 30km-radius exclusion zone is mostly uninhabited today , but limited tours have been available since 2002 for travelers who are curious enough to get a glimpse of the industrial ghost town and are n't put off by the ominous click of a Geiger counter . Factories , homes , schools , and a particularly creepy abandoned amusement park stand decaying and choked with weeds , but remain much as they looked at the time of disaster . The Ukrainian government has indicated that the exclusion zone will be increasingly open to travelers in the coming years . Just do n't step on the radioactive moss . The best way to visit Chernobyl is to use one of the several Kiev-based agencies such as Solo East or New Logic . 9 . Ottawa Jail Hostel , Canada Want to spend the night in the slammer ? Why not make it a jail haunted by the spirits of former inmates and deemed unsuitable for prisoners in the early1970s due to appalling conditions ? Opened in 1862 , the Carleton County Gaol was in operation for over a century , but it was hardly a hit with the prisoners who complained of cramped conditions and sanitation problems . It might not have been suitable for prisoners at the time , but if you 're a traveler on a tight budget and do n't mind that your room happens to be a prison cell and your bunkmate might be spectral , it 's perfect . As a ` prisoner ' today , your punishment includes parking , wifi , and a games lounge . To get yourself locked up for the night in the Canadian capital , search availability here . 10 . White Alice , Alaska , USA A gold-rush town a century ago and the finishing line for the Iditarod dog-sled race today , Nome is the perfect example of a honky-tonk , almost-at-the-Arctic-Circle frontier town . Overlooking the town and the Bering Straits from the top of Anvil Mountain is White Alice , a weird Cold War relic . From down in the town it looks like a bizarre space-age Stonehenge , closer up it could be a film set for a shoot of the Victorian-era War of the Worlds . The four strange corrugated-iron sound reflector structures were intended for listening to suspicious Soviet activity . For a real Alaskan experience visit White Alice during the midnight sun : Nome and the Bering Straits at your feet , the Arctic Circle just to the north and Siberia not far west . Originally published as "  Top 10 spookiest buildings around the world " © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved . Lonely Planet : A day trip to Chernobyl © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	These 10 buildings around the world are guaranteed to send a shiver down your spine From the U.S. to China , several of the buildings have a morbid history The Lemp Mansion in St. Louis is considered to be one of America 's most haunted houses
CNN  -- The sparkling blue waters of Hawaii run through Jack Johnson 's veins like lifeblood . As his fans know , the superstar singer-songwriter was born and raised in America 's 50th state . The island 's rich volcanic soil grounds him , and its rolling white surf beckons to him each and every morning -- just as it did to his dad and brothers while they were growing up on Oahu 's pristine North Shore . "  Lately , I 've been motivated to take my kids surfing , and just do their homework with them and things like that , " Johnson told CNN . "  I 've been having fun with that . Those are the things that bring me songs . " Protecting the Aloha State 's natural resources has been a mission for Johnson and his wife , Kim , for the past nine years . In 2003 , they founded the nonprofit Kokua Hawaii Foundation to raise eco-awareness in the area 's public schools . "  We started with the "  Three R 's " recycling program -- Reduce , Reuse , Recycle -- and it grew from there , " he said . "  Now we have several programs . We do a lot of plastic-free initiatives , trying to get kids to bring their own bags and water bottles . Things like that . " Over the past eight years , the multiplatinum artist has headlined a half-dozen music festivals in Hawaii to fund the organization . He 's been joined onstage by an impressive list of famous friends , from Eddie Vedder , Dave Matthews and Ben Harper to Willie Nelson , Jackson Browne and Ziggy and Damian Marley . It 's a casual , acoustic affair with an electric trolley shuttle , bike valets and biodegradable eating utensils . Popular local musicians such as Paula Fuga , John Cruz and ukelele virtuoso Jake Shimabukuro give the bill a distinctly Hawaiian flavor . Now some of those memorable performances have been compiled into a 13-track live album called "  Jack Johnson and Friends -- Best of Kokua Festival . " All of the proceeds to go the Kokua Hawaii Foundation . "  It 's nice to know that we are all coming together to raise money for the kids in Hawaii , for the schools , for these environmental programs , " says Johnson . "  But at the same time , it 's such a special night for me to be able to be onstage with these people . So it 's a win-win for me . "	Jack Johnson has released a live album , "  Jack Johnson and Friends -- Best of Kokua Festival " It includes performances with Eddie Vedder , Dave Matthews , Willie Nelson , Ziggy and Damian Marley Proceeds to go the Kokua Hawaii Foundation to fund eco-friendly programs for children
CNN  Last week , UCLA Medical Center notified 179 patients that it had potentially exposed them to a fearsome "  superbug , " and urged them to get tested . The hospital accidentally infected seven people in procedures involving specialized endoscopes , called duodenoscopes , that proved difficult to thoroughly clean . Two of the people died . The "  superbug " at issue -- carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae , or CRE -- is the latest and most difficult to treat in a series of superbugs that includes MRSA and VRE . Such bacteria are the Frankensteinian result of our misusing antibiotics over many decades , and beating them back will require the kind of surveillance and coordination that might have prevented them in the first place . We might not have much more than dumb luck to thank for the fact that the CRE superbug has n't spread to most American hospitals yet . Duodenoscopes are among the least likely routes for spreading CRE , given that the pathogen can contaminate most any surface in a hospital room , but our lack of coordinated attention to this detail , among others , is infecting people nonetheless . The FDA first alerted doctors using the scopes back in 2009 that they could be transmitting bacteria , even after proper cleaning , Reuters reported . But -- remarkably -- this agency , responsible for regulating all medical devices , has yet to take any action , though its menu of options is broad , ranging from taking the scopes off the market to demanding the manufacturers improve their designs or upgrade their recommended cleaning protocols . Apparently detecting an underwhelming sense of urgency at the FDA , Rep. Ted Lieu of California , who sits on the House oversight committee , asked his committee to launch hearings into whether the agency is doing all it can to investigate and implement all potential solutions . Lieu appeared prescient later Monday when a top FDA official told the Los Angeles Times the agency had n't given due scrutiny to the cleaning protocols when it approved the scopes . UCLA is only the the most recent of several American medical centers , including hospitals in Seattle and Chicago , where CRE has hitched a ride on the duodenoscope , designed to treat blockages and other conditions of secretory ducts leading into the first segment of the intestines , called the duodenum . The Seattle outbreak occurred from 2012 to 2014 , but FDA 's warning to medical providers and hospitals last week , in the wake of the UCLA infections , revealed that the agency did n't know what should be done to prevent the infections beyond "  meticulously cleaning " prior to the standard disinfection procedure . The FDA did n't even alert providers to the fact that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is about to release a new guideline that includes the Seattle protocol . Reuters broke that news on Friday . But the CDC can only recommend , not enforce guidelines . It will take the FDA 's action to ensure that the pricey approach adopted in Seattle is applied universally . CDC , FDA , hospitals and all medical providers must engage in broader and more coordinated information sharing , and then act quickly and decisively with strategies to contain the bacteria and treat victims . The scopes may have been a factor in the unwitting spread of various bacteria between patients for years , but it 's a CRE diagnosis that will put all hands on deck and prompt a thorough investigation to get to the source . Why ? CRE kills up to 40 % of infected individuals once it spreads into the bloodstream . Individual hospitals affected by scope-related CRE outbreaks have out of necessity rolled out creative decontamination protocols of their own that include exposing the scopes to a toxic gas and culturing the scopes and setting them aside for days while any bacteria grow . Piedmont Hospital in Atlanta even throws in a little extra elbow grease by giving the scope 's delicate parts a thorough toothbrushing . Virginia Mason Medical Center in Seattle , which suffered 11 patient deaths after contaminated duodenoscopes introduced bacteria into its patients , has n't seen any further cases since implementing its surveillance culture protocol , which has cost the hospital $ 1 million in additional scopes , USA Today reported . Hospitals are generating their protocols without clear guidance from the FDA , which oddly chose the venue of the LA Times interview Monday to cast doubt on UCLA 's new approach of using ethylene oxide gas to kill off any CRE still on used scopes . An FDA official wondered aloud if some of the toxic gas could linger on the scopes and harm patients , and UCLA immediately replied that the scopes are set aside long enough for the gas to dissipate . None of these exchanges inspires confidence . The agency 's back-seat driver approach is clearly a source of great frustration when infectious disease specialists and quality consultants are both asking for stricter regulation . In fairness , the FDA is grossly understaffed for the job of regulating medical devices . The act granting the agency its authority to collect user fees from device companies to fund its review activities enables the agency to employ just 200 workers for all aspects of its process , from premarket approval to post-market surveillance . What 's more , hospitals and clinics generate a tsunami of medical records that contain information about how various medical devices are working on a daily basis , but researchers and the FDA have inordinate trouble making much of it useful , because the precise devices are n't clearly identified . Fortunately the agency is working on rolling out unique device identification codes that will make these records into actionable data . Taxpayers need our government to levy smart fees that are directed to fund the functions of key agencies like the FDA and the CDC , which we rely on to make sure medical devices are as safe as possible when they 're introduced and to keep track of any problems on a continuous basis . Instead , the Affordable Care Act included a 2.3 % across-the-board device tax that 's not about improving medical devices but rather is decreasing economic activity in this sector . Tapping the brakes on the medical device industry is n't a good idea when we 're relying on its innovations to fix problems like the duodenoscope design . On the other hand , President Obama 's 2016 budget includes $ 264 million for the Antibiotic Resistance Solutions Initiative , a project that will engage the CDC in coordinating regional labs and rapid data-sharing to detect superbugs and learn their characteristics . This is crucial to stop the community spread of CRE ; in North Carolina , where three patients contracted CRE inside one hospital , 15 people actually brought CRE with them into the hospital rather than getting it there . The program would also spread best practices for antibiotic usage among all levels of medical facilities , so that CRE does n't become endemic and thus a routine cause of death in our hospitals . It 's a great next step . Whatever wrangling Republicans have planned for the White House budget should n't include excising such an essential public health measure , especially in the wake of what we 're seeing play out at UCLA .	Ford Vox : Lethal CRE "  superbug " outbreak needs coordinated effort by hospitals , government to beat it back He says outbreak caused by hard-to-clean medical device , FDA has treated crisis with lack of urgency
CNN  -- Bahrain 's Formula One organizers insist that the Gulf state 's grand prix race will go ahead as planned in April , despite recent fears that its political situation has not improved . A group of British peers appealed for the race to be called off in an open letter to The Times newspaper last week , saying that the same problems of social instability prevail as when last year 's event was called off . However , a spokesman for the Bahrain International Circuit  BIC  insisted on Tuesday -- the anniversary of the "  Day of Rage " protests against the ruling monarchy -- that the April 22 event will take place . "  The calendar was confirmed for 2012 at the end of last year and Bahrain has a place on that calendar , " the spokesman told CNN under condition of anonymity . He said motorsport 's governing body , the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  , had been in regular contact with the BIC . "  We are entirely confident that the race can be and will be an excellent event . The FIA has been taking the situation seriously for a long time , " he said . "  Jean Todt  FIA president  has been visiting Bahrain himself , keeping in constant contact . The FIA has said that there is no reason why the grand prix should not go ahead . " The spokesman said although there had been continuing problems in Bahrain over the past 12 months , the riots in the main city of Manama were smaller than those which took place in Britain 's capital London last August . "  When I was out there two or three weeks ago it was very quiet ... There is no doubt that there have been some protests , " he said . "  There 's no doubt that there have been some small riots , nothing like on the scale that we saw in London . There have been some public order disturbances , but on the kind of scale that Britain has endured many times . " Bahrain is scheduled to be the fourth race in the 2012 F1 season , which starts on March 18 with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne . The spokesman said the BIC is "  absolutely confident " that the Bahrain circuit will be safe for the drivers and teams . "  When it comes to being in and around the track , the drivers and the teams will be extremely safe . Absolutely , totally confident about that . "	A Bahrain International Circuit spokesman tells CNN that April 's F1 race will go ahead The 2011 Bahrain Grand Prix was canceled due to civil unrest in the Gulf state Protests against the island kingdom 's monarchy began one year ago on February 14 The BIC is confident the venue will be safe for the race , scheduled for April 22
