CNN  -- In New York and looking for excellent dining experiences that wo n't land you on your accounting department 's blacklist when you file expenses ? You may want to check out the Michelin Guide 's just-released Bib Gourmand picks , part of its 2015 New York City restaurant guide , which hit shelves October 1 . The list features a whopping 126 New York restaurants in the city 's five boroughs singled out for offering high quality meals at moderate prices . Michelin says eaters at these venues can enjoy two courses and a glass of wine or dessert for $ 40 or less  tax and gratuity not included  . The restaurants have n't been awarded Michelin stars , but are selected by the same anonymous food inspectors who dole out the highly coveted designations to New York City restaurants . The 2015 list of Michelin-starred restaurants can be found online here . Of the 126 restaurants awarded Bib Gourmand status there are 19 new additions , listed here in alphabetical order . For a sampling of what 's on offer , check out a few of the restaurants ' dishes in the above gallery . 1 . Baker & Co Cuisine : Italian 259 Bleeker St. , Manhattan ; +1 212 255 1234 2 . Bar Primi Cuisine : Italian pasta 325 Bowery , Joey Ramone Place , Manhattan ; +1 212 220 9100 3 . Biang ! Cuisine : Xi'an Chinese 41-10 Main St. , Queens ; +1 718 888 7713 4 . Elberta Cuisine : New American 335 Flatbush Ave. , Brooklyn ; +1 718 638 1936 5 . Glady 's Cuisine : Caribbean 788 Franklin Ave. , Brooklyn ; +1 718 622 0249 6 . Hide-Chan Ramen Cuisine : Japanese noodles 248 E. 52nd St. , Manhattan ; +1 212 813 1800 7 . Khe-Yo Cuisine : Laotian-inspired Southeast Asian 157 Duane St. , Manhattan ; +1 212 587 1089 8 . Larb Ubol Cuisine : Northeastern Thai 480 Ninth Ave. , Manhattan ; +1 212 564 1822 9 . Lea Cuisine : Italian 1022 Cortelyou Road , Brooklyn ; +1 718 928 7100 10 . Nom Wah Tea Parlor Cuisine : Dim sum 13 Doyers St. , Manhattan ; +1 212 962 6047 11 . Pearl & Ash Cuisine : Small plates 220 Bowery , between Prince Street and Spring Street , Manhattan ; +1 212 837 2370 12 . San Matteo Pizza Espresso Bar Cuisine : Italian Pizzeria 1739 Second Ave. , New York City , +1 212 426 6943 13 . Shalom Japan Cuisine : Jewish and Japanese fusion 310 S. Fourth St. , Brooklyn , New York City ; +1 718 388 4012 14 . Shanghai CafÃ © Cuisine : Chinese Two Manhattan locations : Chinatown Two Bridges and 100 Mott St.  Little Italy  ; +1 212 966 3988 15 . Somtom Der Cuisine : Northeast Thai 85 Ave. A , Manhattan ; +1 212 260 8570 16 . Tong Sam Gyup Goo Ee Cuisine : Korean 62-23 Depot Road , Queens ; +1 718 359 4583 17 . Umi Nom Cuisine : Pan-Asian 433 Dekalb Ave. , Brooklyn ; +1 718 789 8806 18 . Venturo Osteria & Wine Bar Cuisine : Italian 44-07 Queens Blvd. , Queens ; +1 718 406 9363 19 . Waterfalls Cafe Cuisine : Middle Eastern/Vegetarian 144 Atlantic Ave. , Brooklyn ; +1 718 488 8886 For the full list of 2015 Bib Gourmands restaurants , go to Michelintravel.com .	Michelin 's 2015 NYC Bib Gourmand list features 126 moderately priced but excellent restaurants Diners at these restaurants can enjoy two courses and a glass of wine or dessert for $ 40 or less Michelin added 19 new restaurants to this year 's Bib Gourmand list The 10th edition of the Michelin Guide New York went on sale October 1
CNN  -- Police digging for clues in the deaths of six people found in the New Mexico desert hope the identification of one set of bones will generate leads . An Albuquerque , New Mexico , police forensics team member digs last week at the burial site . The remains of Victoria Chavez and five other people were found in a 92-acre area housing development under construction just west of Albuquerque . Chavez was a prostitute and drug user who was last seen in 2003 and reported missing in 2004 , Albuquerque police said . The six bodies were found after a woman walking her dog found a human bone two weeks ago and notified police , said John Walsh , Albuquerque police spokesman . Authorities have not yet identified the other five sets of bones but say they might find others . Attempting to piece together identities could take a long time because , they said , "  it 's very difficult " to determine cause of death from skeletal remains . "  We 're going off of one remain so far , " Walsh said . "  And that 's all we 've got at the moment . We 've only got skeletal remains . "  This is a slow go , " Walsh said . "  Things wo n't pop up in hours , likely in weeks . " Chavez 's remains were identified through dental records that her family provided when she was reported missing in 2004 . It will be tougher to identify the others . For example , one had no dental work and another had no skull . The cause of Chavez 's death was not known , but Walsh speculated that her death could be related to violent sex trade . He said police are looking at reports of missing prostitutes over the years and are trying to determine possible suspects . He said he hopes family members of those missing could help authorities . Police are trying to figure out how the bodies got there . They are investigating the possibility that one person put the bones there . "  At this stage , the best way I can describe it , we have a handful of theories , " Walsh said . The names of two dead men have surfaced during the investigation of Chavez 's death , Walsh said , confirming a news report . One was a pimp who died of natural causes . The other was killed by a pimp after he killed a prostitute , the report said . The last set of remains exhumed at the site was nine or 10 feet deep . Authorities were using heavy and light equipment and cadaver dogs to find bodies and clues . Investigators think there could be even more remains buried on the New Mexico site .	NEW Only one body identified ; she was a prostitute last seen in 2003 The bones of six bodies found in desert west of Albuquerque Authorities fear remains of even more bodies might be buried there
CNN  -- Justin Timberlake and Kanye West may not always see eye-to-eye , but they have at least one trait in common : the inability to be cool . As Timberlake explains in the December issue of GQ , "  being cool is about keeping your blood pressure steady , " rather than being passionate . Similar to Yeezus , Timberlake is n't the type of guy who can restrain himself from displaying passion , whether he 's passionately in love with something or passionately in disagreement -- particularly when he 's in disagreement with his critics . After surviving a stretch of negative reactions to his entertainment offerings this fall -- there was September 's "  The 20/20 Experience -- 2 of 2 , " and his October release with Ben Affleck , "  Runner Runner " -- Timberlake admits to GQ that it was "  literally like a bunch of people just took a s *** on my face . " To make matters worse , the crime drama "  Runner Runner " was not only poorly reviewed , but it also did n't do well at the box office .  To date , it 's made $ 19.2 million domestically . So when reviewers told the 32-year-old that he should reconsider this whole acting thing , and probably should have also re-thought releasing the second half of March 's "  The 20/20 Experience , " Timberlake was feeling a little sensitive . "  This face ... This recognizable face that you work so hard to get -- not because you want the recognition but because you know you 're made to do it " also comes with a price , he said . "  The movie did n't do well at the box office , so I should quit ? Hold on a second . If I was somebody else , you would n't have said that . I have the number one album this week , and I should n't have released it ? Come on , man . You sound like a d *** head ... . It just shocked me because , like , you 're trade magazines . None of your opinions count . And by the way , none of you can do it . " Although Timberlake has been in the business since he was a child , getting his start in entertainment around age 10 and building his fanbase on "  The Mickey Mouse Club , " he nonetheless "  grew up with a little bit of a chip on my shoulder , " he says . "  Sometimes I find it funny that I 've been able to acquire the patience it takes to be kind to people in our business . Because sometimes I just want to f **** g kill everybody . " So , no . Justin Timberlake is n't always as cool and smooth as his "  Suit & Tie " portray him to be . But the actor/singer/entrepreneur -- who later apologized for going off on that "  tangent " during the interview -- does n't have any regrets . "  I 've been doing this professionally since I was 10 . If entertainment years were dog years , man , I 'd be like Gandhi . I 'd be like 250 years old , " the recently married star says . "  Do n't be cool . Be passionate . Be dedicated . Be tenacious . Be uncompromising . Be pissed . Be happy . Be sad . ... I 've made a career out of doing things that I should not be doing . I was n't cool about it . Because being cool would have meant I passed up on those opportunities . If you do that , it 's because you 're afraid . And what are you afraid of ? You know ? " The full interview is in the December issue of GQ magazine , which has named Timberlake one of its Men of the Year , along with rapper Kendrick Lamar , "  Anchorman " star Will Ferrell , Matthew McConaughey and the late James Gandolfini .	Justin Timberlake is one of GQ magazine 's Men of the Year In the cover story , he talks about harsh criticism of his recent movie and album He says that he 's not cool , but passionate That passion has helped him to take risks
CNN  -- Russia still has about 1,000 troops inside eastern Ukraine , a NATO military officer said Thursday , a week after Ukraine 's government and pro-Russian rebels agreed to a ceasefire aimed at ending months of conflict . NATO also sees 20,000 more Russian troops aligned along the border , the NATO officer told CNN . He was not named according to standard practice in the organization . NATO believes that these numbers amount to a large and effective military force , the officer said . In addition to the troop numbers , NATO continues to see sophisticated Russian military equipment in Ukraine . NATO remains concerned and urges Russia to engage with the international community and Ukraine to find a political solution to the crisis , the officer said . Moscow has consistently denied allegations by Kiev and the West that Russia has troops in Ukraine , and that it has armed and supported the rebels . On Wednesday , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said some 70 % of the Russian troops believed to have been in Ukraine had withdrawn back across the border , according to the national news agency Ukrinform . Information released by Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council on Thursday indicated that the rebel forces control a strip of eastern Ukraine running from the city of Luhansk down to the Sea of Azov . ` Very fragile ' ceasefire The truce was signed Friday after talks in Minsk , Belarus , between representatives of Ukraine , the rebels and Russia . But more substantive talks on issues , including the decentralization of power and constitutional reform in Ukraine , must still take place before a lasting resolution can be found . Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Aleksandr Lukashevich told a briefing Thursday that the ceasefire was "  very fragile " and that both sides must implement the framework agreed to in Minsk . "  There is mounting evidence of the Kiev government strengthening its military groups in different areas , regions ; there are eyewitness reports to prove it , " he said , "  though Ukrainian authorities keep on reassuring us that they 're not planning a military operation . " Lukashevich said Russia was also surprised by NATO 's announcement of plans to hold joint military exercises with Kiev in Ukraine later this year . "  This might cause the escalation  of the situation  and put the progress in peaceful settlement of the crisis in Ukraine under threat , " he warned . New sanctions A new round of European Union sanctions against Russia over its actions in Ukraine will come into force Friday , European Council President Herman Van Rompuy said Thursday . EU officials will review the implementation of the ceasefire before the end of the month , he said , after which the sanctions could be amended or lifted . The sanctions include tougher restrictions on Russia 's access to EU capital markets ; a ban on loans by EU companies or individuals to five major Russian state-owned banks ; a ban on debt financing to three major Russian defense companies and three major energy companies ; and an asset freeze and travel ban against 24 more individuals . This means 119 people in total are now subject to sanctions , while 23 entities remain under an asset freeze in the European Union . Russia has warned it will respond to any additional measures . In his remarks , Lukashevich said the deadly crash in July of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 -- which Kiev and the West believe was shot down from rebel-held territory using a Russian-made missile launcher -- was being used to justify the imposition of broad Western sanctions against Russia . A preliminary report into the crash released this week by Dutch investigators did not apportion blame for the crash but said the plane was brought down by "  high-energy objects " from outside . The United States will join the European Union in implementing additional sanctions against Russia over its "  illegal actions in Ukraine , " President Obama said Thursday . "  We will deepen and broaden sanctions in Russia 's financial , energy , and defense sectors , " he said . The administration will outline the specifics of the sanctions Friday . "  We are implementing these new measures in light of Russia 's actions to further destabilize Ukraine over the last month , including through the presence of heavily armed Russian forces in eastern Ukraine . We are watching closely developments since the announcement of the ceasefire and agreement in Minsk , but we have yet to see conclusive evidence that Russia has ceased its efforts to destabilize Ukraine , " Obama said . Aid convoy Lukashevich also said there had not yet been a "  breakthrough " allowing a new Russian aid convoy to start moving into Ukraine in the next few days . "  We hope that the delivery will be carried out with participation of Ukraine 's border guards and customs officers as well as officials from the International Committee of the Red Cross , " he said . "  We hope , however , that the coordination would not be dragged out . " A previous convoy carrying aid for civilians caught up in the fighting in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions was sent over the border by Russia without permission from Ukrainian authorities . The Presidents of Russia and Ukraine are "  broadly satisfied " with the status of the ceasefire , Kremlin foreign policy adviser Yuri Ushakov told Russia 's Interfax news agency on Wednesday . CNN 's Andrew Carey in Kiev and Alla Eshchenko in Moscow contributed to this report . CNN 's James Frater also contributed .	NEW : Obama : The U.S. will join the European Union in implementing sanctions Russia has 1,000 soldiers and advanced military equipment in Ukraine , a NATO officer says Ceasefire in eastern Ukraine is "  very fragile , " Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman says He cites "  mounting evidence " of Kiev government strengthening its military presence
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration wants tighter regulation of indoor tanning beds , citing concerns about equipment malfunctions that have resulted in consumers getting excess radiation . "  We 're not trying to burden tanning salons , " said Dr. Jeffrey Shuren , FDA 's director for medical devices . "  But there are really concerning studies of adolescents being burned from excess UV radiation from indoor tanning . " Indoor tanning beds are currently classified as low-risk medical devices -- the same as bandages -- and not subject to review by the FDA . Under a new FDA new proposal , they would be reclassified to a midrisk category , and companies would be required to prove to the FDA that their software is up to date , their sunlamps emit the right amount of energy and all safety control measures are in place . "  This is just basic smart testing that  indoor tanning  companies should be doing already but are n't . And if they are doing it now , they are not doing it well enough , " Shuren said . The Indoor Tanning Association released a statement following the FDA 's announcement on Monday . "  The ITA represents reputable small businesses throughout the U.S. that already adhere to the highest professional standards including good manufacturing practices , " the group said . "  We embrace any label changes that will lead to a better understanding of the potential risks of overexposure and thereby enhance our customers ' safety . However we are concerned that the proposed requirements will burden our members with addition  al  unnecessary governmental costs in an already difficult economic climate . " The tanning industry often ignores safety codes and regulations , research shows . Recommended tanning exposure times are exceeded by 95 % of indoor tanners , according to a report published Tuesday in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine . Failing to post consumer warnings and allowing underage consumers to tan without parental consent is also common , according to the paper . "  Compliance has not been enforced so I 'm not surprised people do n't understand the risks , " said Meg Watson , study author and epidemiologist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Division of Cancer Prevention and Control . "  People hear conflicting messages , and it is particularly dangerous for teens in the United States . " A 2011 CDC report found more than one-third of teen girls have used indoor tanning beds by their senior year of high school . Using indoor tanning beds before age 35 increases risk of developing melanoma -- the most deadly form of skin cancer -- by 75 % , according to the Skin Cancer Foundation . "  The ultraviolet rays from indoor tanning are generally stronger than the summer sun at noon , " said Dawn Holman , a behavioral scientist who works in the CDC 's Division of Cancer Prevention and Control . "  This is dangerous and people need to be warned . " The FDA proposal unveiled this week is aimed at reversing the rising cases of skin cancer for young adults . Melanoma is the second most common form of cancer for 15 - to 29-year-olds , and the No. 1 cancer for 25 - to 29-year-olds , according to the American Academy of Dermatology . In addition to requiring manufactures to meet safety standards , the FDA will also require tanning beds to feature warning labels prominently on the beds and brochures aimed at people under 18 that say multiple use increases the risk of cancer . The proposal is open for public comment for 90 days before the FDA issues its final recommendations . Afterward , indoor tanning manufacturers and salons will have one year to comply with any new requirements .	Indoor tanning beds are not currently subject to review by the FDA Recommended tanning exposure times are exceeded by 95 % of indoor tanners , report says Skin Cancer Foundation : Indoor tanning bed use before 35 increases melanoma risk by 75 %
CNN  It 's winter after all . For large swaths of the Northeast , Saturday arrived with a messy mix of sleet , snow and rain -- with parts of Pennsylvania and New Jersey receiving as much as 8 inches of snow before the storm set its sights on New England . An estimated 40 million people got their first real glimpse of winter : Weather advisories or warnings were in place from the Appalachians of West Virginia to Maine . By Saturday afternoon , about 27 million people were still under a winter weather advisory or warning . Rain pelted the coast . Snow fell on inland areas . It was n't your typical bucolic winter wonderland . Coming on a weekend , the sloshy weather will inconvenience many . But a major snowstorm on track to hit the Northeast region Monday night into Tuesday could wreak havoc during the workweek . The nation 's capital was under a winter weather advisory , with snow expected in the western suburbs and brief snowfall downtown turning into a mix of rain and snow . In Philadelphia , a winter weather advisory was in effect , with 2 to 4 inches of snow in the city but as much as 8 inches farther west . The township of Coolbaugh , Pennsylvania , got 9 inches of snow ; the village of Huffs Church received 8 inches . Crews from the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation and other agencies spent two nights salting roads to avoid a repeat of last Sunday , when wet weather caused hundreds of accidents and parts of major highways and bridges were forced to close , CNN affiliate KYW reported . "  They 've been out through the duration of this storm , " spokesman Brad Rudolph told the station . "  We have 339 trucks in the five-county region and they 'll be out for the duration . " The New York area also awoke to a winter weather advisory , with 2 to 5 inches of snow in the city followed by rain but a higher amount in interior New Jersey , the Lower Hudson Valley and Southern Connecticut . Sleet and freezing rain were mixed in at times . Highland Lakes , New Jersey , recorded 9 inches of snow . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo urged drivers in the Hudson Valley , New York City and Long Island to exercise caution . The state was dispatching some 870 plows and 1,800 operators from the transportation department throughout the region , Cuomo said in a statement . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey urged air and bus travelers to check with carriers before heading out . The authority , which operates the three major airports in the area , reported that it had more than 200 pieces of snow equipment at airports , including melter machines capable of liquifying 500 tons of snow an hour and plows to clear snow at 40 mph . In New England , Boston also was under winter weather warnings , with snowfall expected to reach as much as 7 inches . Between 6 and 12 inches of snow could fall in parts of Massachusetts up through Maine . A wintry mix on the freezing line separating the rain and snow bands could make driving conditions treacherous . Burlington , Connecticut , received 8 inches ; Ludlow , Massachusetts , recorded 6 inches . But that 's not all . By Sunday , a strong storm system originating in Alberta , Canada , will have moved down to the upper Midwest , leaving between 2 and 4 inches of snow across Minnesota and Wisconsin before heading east . That will mean new snowfall is likely Sunday night into Monday in Philadelphia and New York , with the nation 's capital getting a mix of rain and snow . The start of the work week could get ugly . The major storm on track to hit the Northeast starting Monday night could heap the heaviest snowfall from coastal New Jersey and New York City , to Boston and coastal Maine . Blizzard conditions are possible in New England on Tuesday , with forecast models showing more than two feet of snow in Boston and as much as a foot in New York .	Messy mix of sleet , snow and rain hit much of the Northeast Weather advisories or warnings are in place from West Virginia to Maine An estimated 40 million people get their first real glimpse of winter
CNN  -- I am the granddaughter of an elementary school cook and a woman who cleaned other people 's homes . Both my grandmothers worked hard and did n't earn much money , but they encouraged their children to get an education . Although starting from limited economic circumstances , my parents both earned a college education and were able to attain a middle-class lifestyle to raise me and my siblings . I , their daughter , went on to receive a Ph.D. . Unfortunately , this type of upward mobility is much less likely for the children of maids and school cooks today . A decent job and a decent life should be a possibility for anyone who makes an effort . As a nation , this was more likely in our past than in the present . A college education should be affordable to anyone who is willing to do the work , but that is no longer our reality . As the likelihood of a college degree and economic security becomes less attainable for a significant portion of the population , the future of the United States will be in jeopardy . Late last month , Congress passed a bill that will keep student-loan interest rates from doubling , just days before the deadline . It 's an important step in keeping college affordable , but student-loan interest rates are only one piece in a complex puzzle that shapes how income level and educational opportunity are linked -- and the effects begin years before a student might apply for loans . Even children with proven academic ability fall behind if they grow up in families that are poor . By the age of 3 , one study showed , poor children already have half the vocabulary of higher-income children . Another study showed that children in high-risk social and economic environments can start in the top 25 % academically at the age of 4 but fall to the bottom by the time they are in high school . In a similar example , only 29 % of the highest-achieving eighth-graders complete college if they come from low-income families . In contrast , 30 % of the lowest-achieving eighth-graders and 74 % of the highest-achieving eighth-graders complete college if they come from high-income families . Until we get to a point where ability and effort predictably lead to greater educational attainment and improved outcomes , many kids will stop trying because the obstacles become too daunting . As a social work researcher , I 've shown that race greatly influences economic standing , with children of color being the most likely to be poor and have no assets . Children start out very similarly up until about 2 . Then economic circumstances start to influence outcomes , and children begin to diverge in achievement before they even enter school . These disparities continue even once formal education begins . My research also shows that children with limited economic resources are more likely to live in disadvantaged neighborhoods and face toxic stress that can lead to permanent lowered brain functioning , further limiting educational achievement . Even middle-class families are now concerned that their children will not be able to succeed . Until we provide a pathway of success for all children , regardless of economic standing , it will be hard to sustain a strong and vibrant society and economy . There are proven tools to increase opportunity for children if we have the political will to implement them , things such as universal high-quality preschool and child savings accounts that provide resources to reach long-term goals . Some might think that a child 's educational future is the responsibility of that child 's parents alone . Others believe that enough government money already goes to help poor people . Only 32 % of entitlement benefits and 2.8 % of tax expenditure benefits go to the lowest-income earners . And many programs , such as rental assistance and child care , do n't reach everyone who is eligible . But regardless of what you think about the current mix of government programs , educational outcomes are too tightly linked to parents ' economic status . Many children start out school eager to learn and wanting to achieve . But as it seems that no one cares about their efforts and their basic needs are not being met with each passing grade , they start to become less engaged in school and search for other ways to survive . This is tragic and unacceptable . Others predict that charter schools will reduce achievement gaps . While charter and independent schools do well for some low-income children , their record is still mixed . Consequently , it is nearly impossible to find a low-income area where all schools perform well , whether charter , public or private . Unless we want a "  Waiting for Superman " society of lotteries and waiting lists for parents seeking a decent education for their child , the ultimate goal is to ensure all schools , no matter how they are organized , provide a quality education . My parents , even as poor black children , could pursue their dreams growing up in the 1960s , when opportunity was expanding for all . Times have changed . As we better understand the way economic circumstances dictate life options , perhaps we will get outraged and demand a nation that helps develop potential rather than allow it to go to waste . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Trina R. Shanks .	Upward mobility is much less likely today for working-class children , says Trina R. Shanks Income level and educational opportunity are linked , and effects begin early , she says Even children with proven academic ability fall behind if they are poor , says Shanks Shanks : Our nation must help develop children 's potential rather than let it go to waste
An undercover police operation stopped a plot by members of an anti-government movement to kidnap and execute police officers , Las Vegas police said Thursday . Following a four-month investigation , police arrested roommates David Allen Brutsche , 42 , and Devon Campbell Newman , 67 . "  As the investigation progressed , we became aware that these two individuals were extremists in their beliefs and were actively plotting to kidnap and kill at least one southern Nevada police officer , " said Lt. Jim Seebock with the department 's counterterrorism Section . Their plan did not single out a particular officer or law enforcment agency , but was to be a "  target of opportunity , " Seebock said . "  The suspects further believed once the first kidnapping and execution was accomplished , they would be compelled to keep repeating their actions -- kidnapping and killing multiple officers , " he said . During a sting operation , police said both Brutsche and Newman espoused the views of the sovereign citizens movement , which the FBI characterizes as "  a growing domestic threat to law enforcement " and considers it "  a domestic terrorist movement . " The movement does not recognize the authority of federal , state or local governments . FBI : ` Sovereign citizens ' fraudulently taking over foreclosed homes "  Sovereign Citizen is an ideology which in and of itself is fine , " Seebock said . "  It 's when they profess that ideology in conjunction with criminal acts in violation of laws or to further their criminal acts  that  they come on our radar . " Authorities have charged the pair with conspiracy to commit murder , conspiracy to commit kidnapping and attempted first degree kidnapping with use of a weapon . Police say additional arrests and charges are possible in the ongoing investigation .	The FBI considers "  sovereign citizens " a "  domestic terrorist movement " The movement does not recognize the authority of the governments The two suspects were arrested after a four-month string operation Additional arrests and charges are possible in the ongoing investigation , police say
CNN  Are you lonely ? Bored ? Trying to deflect questions about that special someone from Mom , Dad or your friends because there 's nobody romantic in your life ? Maybe you need an Invisible Boyfriend . Yes , the Internet has a solution for everything , and Invisible Boyfriend  or Girlfriend , they 're not fussy  can take care of those pesky privacy-invading questions by supplying an actual person to call you , text you and leave you messages . They 'll even send you handwritten notes . Why , that 's sometimes better than an Actual Boyfriend ! Matthew Homann , who describes himself as a "  recovering lawyer " with "  idea surplus disorder , " came up with the idea several years ago after a divorce and bought the domain InvisibleGirlfriend.com for $ 7 . He filed it away until late 2013 , when he pitched it to a St. Louis hackathon . A long weekend later , he and his team won the contest . That probably would have been it except for BuzzFeed , which picked up the story from a local alternative newspaper . Suddenly Homann -- who already had a full-time job running his company , an innovation-strategy firm called Kendeo -- realized that , thanks to the attention , Invisible Boyfriend had better be good . The result is a web service , launching in beta this week , that allows you to invent your potential partner . For $ 24.99 a month  for starters , which includes 100 text messages , voicemail and handwritten notes  , you get to make up a story about how you met  the homepage includes a nice Mad Libs-style paragraph  and pick out an image , name , age and interests . Who 's at the other end ? Though Homann says some of that information is proprietary , he 'll allow that the St. Louis-based company has partnered with a service that has real people responding to your messages .  Yes , they 've been trained , so watch your language . "  There has grown this amazing multinational workforce of people willing to do microtasks for a very small amount of money , " he says . Not even he knows where they 're all located , but he expects that the work will be scalable with demand . A Business Insider writer observed that her Invisible Boyfriend came from the city she requested , based on area code , and she praised the "  attention to detail . " Eventually , Invisible Boyfriend expects to offer gifts sent to you at work and other real-life services , says Homann . Not even Pygmalion had it so good . Ideas like Invisible Boyfriend have been fodder for generations of stories , of course . Think of "  Cyrano de Bergerac , " who supplies poetry to the lunkheaded Christian to woo Roxane ; or the movie "  Her , " in which Joaquin Phoenix 's sad sack falls in love with a computer operating system . What lonely person would n't like someone understanding to talk to , even if just through a device ? Homann admits he 's thought about it . "  There 's a very real possibility that people might grow attached , though that 's not what we 're trying to go for here , " he says . But he believes his service can be useful to build customers ' confidence . "  We had a user who was at dinner on a date . His text message went off , he texted her back , and all of a sudden the woman across the table from him asked who it was , " he says . The real-life date , he says , was n't upset at all , but became more intrigued . "  What we 're seeing is potential user cases are all over the board , " Homann says . "  It 's not just , I want to convince my parents I 'm in a relationship . "	Online service "  Invisible Boyfriend " creates a virtual romance with a fake person New service will send you messages from a phantom mate It costs $ 24.99 a month ; includes 100 text messages , voice mails and more
Louis and Bonnie Waterer are spending their retirement filling up their passports , one stamp at a time . "  There are a bunch of people who are trying to visit 100 countries before they die , " Louis explained . "  This is number 92 for us . " Country No. 92 for the Waterers is Cuba . But up until a few years ago , even for intrepid travelers like the Waterers , visiting Cuba would have been close to impossible . After Fidel Castro took power in 1959 , Cuba went from being a favorite getaway for Americans to a forbidden destination . Diplomatic relations and direct travel between the United States and Cuba were cut off . U.S. citizens spending money on the island faced hefty fines for "  trading with the enemy . " But after decades of false starts , the Obama administration has reinstituted legal travel to Cuba as a way to reach out to the Cuban people . It 's called "  people-to-people " travel , and like nearly everything involving Cuba , controversy and politics are involved . "  Each traveler must have a full-time schedule of educational exchange activities that will result in meaningful interaction between the travelers and individuals in Cuba , " U.S. Treasury Department guidelines for people-to-people travel read . And while the policy has kicked off a debate over what is a "  meaningful " exchange , a flood of tour operators has entered the still uncertain world of travel to Cuba . Americans interested in visiting Cuba are offered free CDs of Cuban music and itineraries that include welcome parties thrown by Committees for the Defense of the Revolution , neighborhood watch groups that were created with the original intention of thwarting a U.S. invasion . U.S. visitors coming via people-to-people trips should n't plan on too much beach time . Under the Treasury guidelines , tour operators have to plan nearly every moment of the trip , and "  people-to-people " travel , at least in theory , excludes relaxing by the pool with umbrella-topped beverages . Most Americans heading to Cuba go there with the desire to make a connection with a people they have been prevented from having any contact with for generations , according to Tom Popper , president of tour operator Insight Cuba . "  The fact that we are bringing Americans and Cubans together is an incredible thing , " Popper said . "  It 's a travel experience for the Americans , it 's an incredible thing for Cubans . Some people in parts of Cuba that we go to , they have never met an American before . " People-to-people travel is n't cheap or easy , though . A four-night "  Weekend in Havana " trip from Insight Cuba , without airfare , sells for about $ 2,000 per person . Popper said the high cost of the trips is due to the fact that operators need to send guides with their groups to make sure they comply with the travel regulations , and that renewing the yearly U.S. licenses can take months of navigating a complicated bureaucracy . This summer , many tour operators wondered if people-to-people travel was ending altogether , after the Treasury Department started denying licenses to operators or simply not responding to renewal requests . Several tour operators contacted by CNN said that the process may have gotten bogged down by the fact that the renewal application is now close to 200 pages and requires that the operators explain how each stop on the itinerary fosters greater friendship between Americans and Cubans . "  You are doing what you are supposed to be doing and they are changing the rules as we go . The guidelines are so vague , " said Michael Sykes , who ran the now-defunct Cuba Cultural Tours . Sykes laid off four employees after his license expired in July and he was denied a renewal . "  The language is so cryptic and so bureaucratic , " he said . "  Your average Joe is n't able to do this -- you have to understand the secret language . " Sykes has now hired what he calls a "  bloody expensive " lawyer to guide him through the process , and he is hopeful that he will be back to planning trips to Cuba by the end of the year . Some of the tour operators said they thought the logjam of licenses was caused by political pressure , particularly from Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , who is Cuban-American and a fierce critic of the trips "  What these trips are all about is tourism -- it 's tourism , " Rubio said on the Senate floor last year . "  The reason why this is problematic is it gives money to the Castro government . " Jeff Braunger , a Treasury Department official in charge of the Cuba licensing program , said in an e-mail that the department has approved licenses for 180 tour operators while making sure they are complying with the law . "  We revised the license application criteria to stress to applicants the seriousness of the requirements of the people-to-people licensing program , in part because of reports we received concerning travel under the licenses , " Braunger wrote . But some tour operators said travel to Cuba has become more cumbersome and expensive but is not policed any better . One tour organizer mentioned a recent licensed trip offered by a competitor that included a day of scuba diving . "  It 's supposed to be people-to-people , not people-to-fish , " the operator said . And there are also complications on the Cuban side , tour operators said . Last month , the Cuban government abruptly canceled the landing rights for two of the U.S. charter companies operating flights to the island , reportedly over a payment dispute . But most of the tour operators said the headaches are worth the opportunity to get in early on American tourism to Cuba , which is sure to explode when the embargo is eventually lifted . "  We are back in operations and hope to stay that way , " Insight Cuba president Tom Popper said . Popper had to lay off 22 people as he waited several months for the company 's license renewal , but he has since added 17 back to his staff . On a trip organized by Insight Cuba last month , 12 Americans spent their morning speaking with Cubans at a neighborhood art project . Michael Pettit , a lawyer from Charleston , South Carolina , said he was struck by Cuba 's many contrasts during his first people-to-people trip in May . "  I love Cuba , " he said . "  The history , music , people , photography -- it 's all beautiful . " The politics and uncertainty over continued travel between Cuba and the United States persuaded Pettit to book another trip right away , he said . "  One of the reasons I came again is because you never know when you might be able to come legally . "	Legal travel to Cuba has been off limits to Americans for decades "  Person-to-person " trips have been greenlighted by the Obama administration Visitors are required to engage in continuous educational exchange with Cubans Some operators have had difficulty renewing licenses to offer tours
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The body of a woman who authorities say was impaired by marijuana and alcohol when she caused a deadly head-on collision shows no signs of long-term alcohol use , according to an investigator hired by her family . Diane Schuler 's minivan was heading the wrong direction as the wreck happened , police said . "  I have looked at the autopsy , and the pancreas , liver and esophagus were clear , " Tom Ruskin , lead investigator and president of CMP Protective and Investigative Group , told CNN . "  I 've never seen a case like this . No one has seen this woman drunk and we have interviewed over 50 people -- relatives , friends , colleagues and former employees from her company . " The Westchester County medical examiner 's office found that Diane Schuler , 36 , had a blood alcohol level of .19 percent -- more than twice the legal limit -- and had marijuana in her system when she drove a minivan the wrong way on the Taconic State Parkway and ran head-on into an SUV . Three adults in the SUV were killed in the July 26 crash , along with Schuler and four children in her minivan -- her daughter and three nieces . A fifth child , Schuler 's son , survived and is in stable condition . Ruskin , a former officer in New York Police 's narcotics division , said he is hesitant to fully accept the autopsy report . "  I 'm not saying the autopsy is wrong or right . I do n't know if she smoked pot weeks prior . Marijuana stays in your system for up to 30 days , " he said . The medical examiner 's office released a statement on August 6 , saying it stands by its autopsy results , and reiterated that Sunday . Schuler 's family expressed shock when the details were revealed , saying she had no history of substance use . "  There 's no way she 'd do this , " Jay Schuler , Schuler 's sister-in-law , said earlier this month . "  She was responsible . " Tests revealed that Schuler had an additional six grams of alcohol in her stomach that had yet to be metabolized , according to Maj. William Carey of the New York State Police . A vodka bottle was also found in the vehicle after the crash . Ruskin is adamant that it is necessary to go back through the day of the crash . "  We are analyzing all of the data that we have to date . We have a staff that has consumed themselves with this case , " he said . "  We are trying to determine what happened here . " Schuler 's husband , Daniel , "  would like to remind people that no matter what happened here he lost his wife , his daughter , his nieces and he also grieves for the Bastardi and Luongo families , " Ruskin said , referring to the other crash victims . "  He talks about that constantly in my daily conversations with him . "	Autopsy shows no signs of heavy alcohol use , investigator for driver 's family says Investigator says Diane Schuler not known as heavy drinker Schuler , 7 others killed in head-on collision as she drove wrong way on parkway Schuler had high levels of alcohol , marijuana in system during crash , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- An Amtrak train traveling from New York to Washington struck and killed a 14-year-old girl Tuesday morning , the rail operator said . Details on how the accident occurred were not immediately available , and the girl was not named . Baltimore County Police Lt. Robert McCullough said there were other children at the scene who knew the victim . Nearly two hours after the fatality occurred , emergency management officials in Washington announced that one out of four railroad tracks between Washington and Maryland had been "  cleared for reduced speed service . " Amtrak spokeswoman Tracy Connell said trains were traveling in both directions but had to take turns using the single set of tracks . Amtrak halted all trains through the area near Essex , Maryland , to give investigators access to the scene . Authorities said the teen was hit at 9:02 a.m. ET . Connell said the incident occurred 11 miles north of the Baltimore , Maryland , rail station . Both Baltimore County Police and Amtrak were investigating .	14-year-old struck by train headed from New York to Washington All trains halted throughout area during investigation One track was reopened at 10:45 a.m.
EW  -- There have been good Elmore Leonard adaptations and bad ones . But this interpretation of his 1978 novel "  The Switch " may be the worst of the bunch . John Hawkes and yasiin bey  a.k.a. Mos Def  play small-time crooks who kidnap a rich Detroit housewife  Jennifer Aniston  and put the squeeze on her no-good husband  Tim Robbins  for $ 1 million . Emma Roberts and Kiernan Shipka to star in horror thriller ` February ' They 're inept , but not nearly as inept as Daniel Schecter 's lifeless script and direction . In fact , the only mystery in this limp caper is why Aniston took such a meh role . At least the kitschy , '70s - era details provide some distraction .  Also on VOD . Grade : C - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Life of Crime " is one of the poorer Elmore Leonard adaptations It stars Jennifer Aniston , yasiin bey and John Hawkes The movie suffers from a lifeless script and direction
Medical examiners have positively identified the body of the renegade former Los Angeles police officer Christopher Dorner , the man authorities say killed four people and wounded three others in a vendetta against his old comrades . That announcement from the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Department came two days after a shootout , standoff and fire at a cabin in the mountains east of Los Angeles . Dorner 's remains were identified through dental records during an autopsy , the department said . The charred remains of a man believed to be Dorner were found in the burned cabin late Tuesday . The cause of death was not released with the identification . Dorner was fired from the Los Angeles Police Department in 2009 for falsely accusing his training officer of kicking a subdued suspect . After unsuccessfully challenging his dismissal in court , police say , he launched a campaign of guerrilla warfare against the LAPD , targeting numerous officers involved in his case and their families . Former girlfriend : Dorner was stressed out Dorner was cornered and died Tuesday afternoon in the San Bernardino Mountains , about 100 miles east of the city he had once sworn to protect and serve . The 33-year-old former Navy officer holed up in the cabin after a shootout with law enforcement that left a sheriff 's deputy dead and another wounded , San Bernardino Sheriff John McMahon said . The cabin caught fire when police shot tear gas canisters into it , McMahon told reporters Wednesday . Although the canisters included pyrotechnic tear gas , which generates heat , "  We did not intentionally burn down that cabin to get Mr. Dorner out , " he said . The city of Los Angeles and other communities in southern California had issued a $ 1 million reward for information leading to Dorner 's capture and conviction . What to do with that reward was under discussion Thursday , Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and LAPD Chief Charlie Beck said . "  More than 20 jurisdictions and entities are involved in this reward , so all of them will be coming together to collectively determine whether any individual or individuals qualify for it , ' " they said in a joint statement . "  Our personal hope is that the reward will be distributed , but we must follow the rules and respect the procedures of each entity . " Ex-LAPD cop gains sympathizers on social media Dorner 's mother , Nancy Dorner , expressed condolences for the victims in a statement given to Robin Sax at Fox 11 Los Angeles . "  It is with great sadness and heavy hearts that we express our deepest sympathies and condolences to anyone that suffered losses or injuries resulting from Christopher 's actions . We do not condone Christopher 's actions . The family has no further comments and ask that our privacy be respected during this difficult time . " Dorner was first named a suspect in two shooting deaths on February 3 : Monica Quan , the daughter of his police union representative , and her fiance , Keith Lawrence . Police say he then killed Michael Crain , a police officer in suburban Riverside , and wounded Crain 's partner in an ambush on their patrol car February 7 . The partner , Officer Andrew Tachias , was in stable condition at a local hospital , Riverside police said . They say Dorner also wounded an LAPD officer who chased him into nearby Corona . In addition , LAPD officers guarding one of Dorner 's targets in suburban Torrance opened fire on a pickup truck that resembled Dorner 's , wounding two women inside . Beck called the shooting "  tragic " and "  horrific . " In a manifesto announcing his planned rampage , Dorner said nothing had changed in the LAPD since its scandals of the 1990s , the Rodney King beating and the Rampart police corruption case . Those allegations have struck a chord with some who say that , despite the four killings , Dorner was seeking justice . Shadowed by that history , Beck announced Saturday that the department would re-examine its proceedings against Dorner . The review is "  not to appease a murderer , " but "  to reassure the public that their police department is transparent and fair in all things we do , " he said .	Christoper Dorner 's mother expresses condolences , asks for privacy Ex-LAPD offier 's remains identified by dental records , authorities say He was killed Tuesday in the mountains east of Los Angeles The cashiered ex-cop is blamed for killing four people and wounding three others
CNN  -- Residents of Second Life , the online virtual environment , can do all kinds of things they ca n't in real life : fly , mute other voices , even transport themselves from one location  or "  sim "  to another . Real-life human anger even can spill over into Second Life , the online virtual world . But though they may be godlike online , they 're still human in real life -- and like all humans , they can become victim to their emotions . "  I have been in many situations over the past two years in Second Life where people have been rude , overly aggressive , bullying me by tracking me down using my profile and flaming -LSB- me -RSB- with words or grief , " said Anoron Hanson , a Second Life regular , in an e-mail interview . Rekka Berchot , another Second Life citizen , says she believes that people act differently in SL than they do in real life , or "  RL , " as Second Lifers call it . "  You do n't use filters as much in Second Life , " she said . "  I find that there are things about yourself that come out in Second Life that -LSB- do n't -RSB- in real life . " If you are attacked in Second Life , she adds , there 's little you can do besides file an abuse report ; SL players can boot others off their sims , but the effect is generally temporary . Better , she says , is to control the other person through your own cleverness : freezing their avatar or muting their "  voices . "  Berchot added that "  I 've been known to use kung fu . "  iReport.com : Reduction in nonverbal communication leads to misunderstandings But , in general , what works best is to try to understand the reason for the other 's behavior , says Hanson . "  I believe one can try and assess their own behavior responsibly so when we encounter such individuals we are prepared for a response that will either calm the person or leave them disinterested and go about their business elsewhere , " he said . " -LSB- I -RSB- smile or laugh and tell them how clever they are for doing what they did . " He says Second Life , in general , is a good life : "  Those who take the time to really find out how to live and thrive in SL safely and still have fun are the ones who will last the longest , " he said . iReport.com : Jealousy and fantasy play out in a virtual world He 's philosophical about the game 's occasional bad apples . "  There is nothing you can do about the flaming . It is here to stay . You have to remember that a great deal of us online are often ill or restricted in some way in their real lives , " he observed . "  My point is , there is nothing you can do save to keep the rules in place and moderate the situation . It is a free country , just let the poor bastards vent their frustrations . "	Second Life , the online environment , has its share of angry people At worst , players can be written up , but others try to understand them User : "  There is nothing you can do save to keep the rules in place " iReport.com : Share your stories from Second Life
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Authorities captured four suspects who allegedly participated in the ambush and killing of 12 federal police officers last week in southwestern Mexico , the state-run news agency Notimex said . Police present suspected drug dealer Jose Alberto Lopez Barron to the media Wednesday in Mexico City . The arrests follow a deployment of federal police that nearly quadrupled the number of forces in the state of Michoacan , which has recently been a flashpoint in the government 's battle against drug trafficking . Among those arrested was Jose Alberto Lopez Barron , who had a handgun that was traced to one of the slain officers , federal police said at a news conference , Notimex reported . The other three alleged drug cartel members -- Gamaliel Rodriguez Granados , Evaristo Armas Bello and Jaime Rafael Navarro -- were captured aboard a taxi in a town in Michoacan , Notimex said . All are believed to have taken direct orders from the boss of the La Familia Michoacana cartel , a group that has become exceedingly violent in recent months , Notimex said . The 12 slain off-duty police officers were found on the side of a remote highway July 14 . The killings were among a series of reprisals by La Familia after the federal police captured one of their top leaders , authorities said .	Four arrested in deaths of 12 federal officers last week in southwestern Mexico Suspects believed to have taken orders from boss of La Familia Michoacana cartel Report : Police say Jose Alberto Lopez Barron had gun traced to a slain officer Killings among series of reprisals by La Familia after capture of one of their leaders
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Hollywood 's disgraced private investigator to the stars shuffled in shackles into a federal courtroom Monday and was sentenced to 15 years in prison in a celebrity wiretapping scandal . A threat to a reporter launched an investigation that brought down celebrity shamus Anthony Pellicano . The sentence for Anthony Pellicano was close to the 16 years sought by federal prosecutors . A probation report had recommended a sentence just under six years . U.S. District Judge Dale Fischer also ordered Pellicano and two other defendants in the case to pay $ 2 million in restitution . "  You were unquestionably the organizer and leader , " the judge said , referring to Pellicano 's role in the vast wiretapping scheme . The judge added that Pellicano inflicted "  emotional , physical and psychological harm onto his victims " and counted the justice system among the victims . After the sentencing , Prosecutor Dan Saunders applauded the 15-year term , saying Pellicano never considered the law when trying to help his wealthy clients . "  If anything he was very jubilant , and proud and excited with his ability to break the law , " he said . Dressed in a green jailhouse jumpsuit , Pellicano , 65 , blew a kiss to family members as he was led into court . Later , he shifted in his chair as he told the judge , "  I have already taken complete and full responsibility for all of my actions . " Saunders called Pellicano 's statement "  false and hogwash . " Pellicano was convicted in May of 76 counts of racketeering , wire fraud , identity theft and wiretapping after a two-month trial . Pellicano and high-profile entertainment lawyer Terry Christiansen also were convicted in August of conspiring to wiretap the private conversations of billionaire Kirk Kerkorian 's former wife , Lisa Bonder Kerkorian . The Kerkorians were locked in a child-support battle in early 2002 . According to witness testimony , many of Pellicano 's wiretaps involved conversations between lawyers and their clients . "  The importance of the attorney-client privilege can not be overstated , " the judge said Pellicano represented himself in both trials , which included testimony from MGM mogul Kerkorian and comedian Garry Shandling , as well as 34 recordings Pellicano made with attorney Christensen . The men could be heard joking about the phone conversations of Kerkorian 's ex-wife . Pellicano 's new lawyers said outside the courtroom that they would appeal . "  There are numerous appellate issues with both the conviction and this sentence , " said Michael Artan . Pellicano faced up to 20 years to life in prison for the racketeering convictions alone . Christensen , a partner in one of Hollywood 's top entertainment law firms , was sentenced to three years in federal prison . The infamous Hollywood wiretaps case began when Los Angeles Times reporter Anita Busch was threatened in June 2002 . A dead fish , a rose and a note demanding "  Stop ! " were left on the windshield of her car . In court , Busch propped a crutch against the back row of courtroom seats and limped forward to tell the judge how Pellicano 's actions had harmed her . "  I thought it was just a matter of time before I would be killed -LSB- by Pellicano -RSB- , " Busch said . She added that she was so frightened by Pellicano that she feared turning on the ignition on her car because she thought it might blow up . Busch turned to Pellicano and scolded , "  You threw away your responsibility as a son to your mother and as a father to your own children -- for money . " She then delivered a parting shot : "  I fear for your soul when I think that God is just . " Investigators raided Pellicano 's offices on Sunset Boulevard as part of their investigation into the threats against Bush and exposed his wiretapping enterprise . The case captured Hollywood 's attention as A-listers and insiders speculated on who would be caught up the scandal . Sylvester Stallone and Keith Carradine were wiretapped ; Shandling was subjected to an illegal criminal background check . The names of other stars , including Chris Rock and Courtney Love , came up in testimony during the trials .	Anthony Pellicano , disgraced P.I. to the stars , gets no credit for time served He was convicted of wiretapping , conspiracy and racketeering Snooping targets included comedian Garry Shandling , mogul 's ex-wife
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Concerned about ongoing violence , Nigerian election officials Thursday delayed gubernatorial elections in two states . Voters in Kaduna and Bauchi states will now go to the polls on April 28 , said Attahiru M. Jega , chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission . Elections will continue April 26 in other states . "  This is to allow for further cooling of tempers and for the security situation in those states to improve , " Jega said . The development came after Goodluck Jonathan , who was declared the winner in the recent presidential election , warned perpetrators of postelection violence that "  enough is enough . He said the unrest in a series of elections brings back memories of events leading up to a 1960s civil war in the nation . Jonathan , who ran as the incumbent , hails from the oil-rich southern region , which is majority Christian . Parts of the mostly Muslim north charged the elections were rigged . Armed protesters in the region prowled the streets chanting the name of former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , the main opposition frontrunner . "  We are shocked by these horrific acts , which strike at the heart of our nation , " Jonathan said in a statement Thursday . "  These acts of mayhem are sad reminders of the events which plunged our country into 30 months of an unfortunate civil war . " Muslims fearing reprisal attacks in Christian areas have fled to military barracks or neighboring states , the Nigerian Red Cross said . More than 40,000 people are displaced in the north , according to the aid group . Government officials have declined to release the number of fatalities or injuries over fears it could prompt revenge attacks . Jonathan urged protesters to avoid violence , saying "  enough is enough . " "  There are ... no grievances that our laws and courts can not address , " he said . Jonathan 's warning comes two days after he pledged a "  new dawn " for the nation following the vote hailed as a significant improvement from past polls . The last election four years ago was widely condemned for rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . While Saturday 's election was marred by violence , reports of underage voting and other logistical problems , observers considered it an improvement . Action Congress of Nigeria , an opposition party , Thursday called the presidential election "  the most systematically rigged election in Nigeria 's history " and warned against a repeat in next week 's gubernatorial elections . " President Jonathan should call his dogs of war at the PDP  Peoples Democratic Party  to order , so that they will not push their luck by attempting to thwart the will of the people any more than they have already done , with the grim consequences that we all can now see , " the party said . World leaders have urged the west African nation to probe allegations of ballot stuffing and unusually high turnout in some areas . Nigeria is Africa 's largest oil producer and its most populous nation with 150 million people .	NEW : Electoral commission postpones voting in two states The president tells protesters to avoid violence "  There are ... no grievances that our laws and courts can not address , " he says Protesters in the mostly Muslim north charge the vote is rigged after Jonathan 's election
CNN  -- Smartphones just got smarter - or at least more expensive . With a price tag of $ 250,000 , Savelli smartphones come complete with 18-carat white gold casing encrusted with precious diamonds . It 's as much a piece of jewelery as a gadget . The mission of its makers , the Geneva-based jeweler Savelli , was to "  elevate a phone into haute couture . " "  It 's the most important object one has with them all the time -- it 's in your hand , it 's in your pocket , it 's next to you when you sleep , you can touch it 100 times a day , " Alessandro Savelli , the firm 's CEO , told CNN 's Nina dos Santos . The jeweler is hoping to win the hearts of luxury shoppers , with the brand focusing exclusively on women . "  I think our customers are really looking for something special , really a beautiful object which they use every day and is extremely visible and really makes part of their persona , " Savelli said . The limited collection features 11 smartphones powered by Google Android system and decorated with luxury materials , such as sapphires and emeralds , and finished off with ostrich , python and iguana leather . The two most expensive models are limited to only 27 pieces . The hand-made Emerald Night , is embellished with 18-carat rose gold and 400 brilliant-cut emeralds , while Emerald Insane features 75 baguette-cut emeralds on white gold . The same techniques and materials used in jewelry manufacture are used to produce the phones , Savelli said . "  We do n't really see the mobile phone industry as a competitor , " Savelli said . "  We see more the watch and jewelery as our universe . " After launching in Europe , the brand is now looking towards the east and emerging markets , such as China , Middle East and Russia , where the luxury business is booming .	Savelli smartphones come complete with 18-carat white gold casing CNN 's Nina dos Santos sat down with Savelli 's CEO to talk about their new limited collection Encrusted with precious diamonds , these phones come with a price tag of $ 250,000
CNN  -- Malcolm has an intense gaze . He speaks haltingly , at times pausing , haunted by the memories of the past . "  I used to try too hard to dress like a girl to impress people , but still they would ask are you a girl or a boy , " he remembers . "  I used to pray . I used to pray to God to change me . " Malcolm is transgender . He was born female , but identifies more as male . God did n't change him , could n't help with his sexual or gender identity turmoil , but others decided they would . "  It 's painful because it has been mostly done by my family , " he says softly , staring off into the distance . "  They wanted to teach me how to behave like a woman . They raped me . " Malcolm was 17 at the time . "  All the people I ran to were just blaming me . I thought maybe my dad would understand , but instead he said ' I have been telling you to behave , to behave like a woman . ' He was like maybe I deserved whatever I went through , " he says , his voice cracking . "  That experience made me hate my family . It made me leave them , and I went and stayed with my grandmother , but unfortunately she also died , " Malcolm says , dropping his head into his hands . His chest heaves , he cries softly . "  I do n't want to talk about that . It 's so hard when the people you expect to be near you are just the people who are hurting you the most . " The pain of the memory , of the rejection , the isolation so deep it 's almost too much for him to bear . Many are leading a double life Malcolm is not his real name . Like the vast majority of Uganda 's LGBT community , he leads a secret , double life . Kasha Nabagasera peers warily from behind the slightly cracked gate to her home . "  People do n't know I live here , " she explains , smiling half-heartedly . "  I 've been kicked out of so many apartments , this is the longest I have stayed in one place , a year . It 's rented in someone else 's name . " Nabagasera is one of the few gay rights activists who speaks in public in Uganda , a deeply conservative Christian nation that is rabidly homophobic . Evidence of that is everywhere . At Christmas Mass a few hours earlier , Anglican Archbishop Stanley Ntagali praised the country 's Parliament for passing the anti-homosexuality bill . "  We love everybody . The homosexuals , the lesbians are children of God . We want them to repent . " He preached to the congregation as it broke out in applause , his voice growing increasingly animated . "  But to say we accept and then tomorrow you begin to see a man bringing a man . Can you imagine that ? " Nabagasera , like many other members of the LGBT community , rarely goes to church , and it 's not because she 's lost her faith . "  For me it 's about love , but now it 's about hate being preached in church , " she explains . So she stays away and prays at home . Nabagasera was just a small child when she received her first beating . "  My class teacher is the one who told me about the word lesbian . I did n't know . It was a big word for me . I was 7 years old . " Since then , she was repeatedly expelled from schools , and worse . "  I escaped rape thrice . I 've been beaten on so many occasions I ca n't remember . I think my stubbornness helped me a lot to go through all of this . " she says . And she 's incredibly lucky . Her family did n't shun her . "  My family was there . Most of my friends became school dropouts because their family would n't support them . But , sometimes , I would just sit in my room and cry a lot . Why am I being told I have demons ? Since I was a child I was told I have demons . " The widespread belief is that homosexuals are possessed by the devil , or victims of sexual deviance brought in by the West . "  Maybe in your country you understand , " Ntagali lectured us earlier . "  Here it is a new thing , a new idea that is not from here . Someone is imposing it on us . Another kind of colonialism . " The irony , gay rights activists say , is that it was a small group of American evangelicals who came to Uganda speaking out against homosexuality , which was already illegal , that took the persecutions of the LGBT community to an entirely new level . "  They said that the gay movement has a blueprint that has reached Uganda , and if we are not careful we are going to take over the country , " Nabagasera recalls . But , she says , it did n't stop there . "  They went to Parliament and advised them to change the law . They went to universities and told students we are recruiting them into homosexuality , that we have a lot of money , that they should be careful , " she says . "  Then they went to parents and told them that we are recruiting their children . " Legislation drops the death penalty The first draft of the anti-homosexuality bill included the death penalty for "  aggravated homosexuality , " defined as homosexual acts with someone who is HIV positive , a minor , or repeated homosexual acts with a consenting adult . "  That was n't the only shock , " Nabagasera remembers . "  The other shock was that some members of Parliament said the death penalty by hanging was very weak . They proposed a firing squad . At one point , I posted on my Facebook page and said maybe I am not really Ugandan , because the Uganda I have grown up in can not be this cruel . Even if I have gone through hardships , it ca n't really reach to murder . " The bill that just passed through Parliament drops the death penalty , replacing it with life in prison . It also makes anyone who is viewed as a promoter of homosexuality -- like Nabagasera -- a criminal who can be jailed . "  The aim is to protect the institution of marriage and stopping the promotion of homosexuality in our country , " the architect of the bill , Parliament member David Bahati says . If homosexuality were to be eradicated in the process , it would be a good thing , he says . "  I do n't think that homosexuality is a human right , " he says . The bill , which is still waiting presidential sign off , has been heavily criticized by Western governments and international organizations . The U.S. government has responded by saying , "  As Americans , we believe that people everywhere deserve to live in freedom and equality -- and that no one should face violence or discrimination for who they are or whom they love . We join those in Uganda and around the world who appeal for respect for the human rights of LGBT persons and of all persons . " Amnesty International called it "  a grave assault on human rights ... . It makes a mockery of the Ugandan constitution . " The United Nations said "  if signed by the President , this new law would reinforce stigma and prejudice , and institutionalize discrimination . " That is already happening . Nabagasera says she 's received an increasing number of threats , not taken lightly in a community where so many have a horror story of being beaten and abused . In recent years , Ugandan tabloids have taken to "  outing " homosexuals . In 2011 , after being named in a popular paper under a banner that read "  hang them , " David Kato was bludgeoned to death . Activists called it a blatant hate crime . "  I would condemn him , " Kato 's mother says , saying she did n't know he was gay until he was murdered . "  I would hate him , but I would counsel him . " Despite that view , she 's stigmatized by society because of her son 's sexuality . ` Our movement needs a face ' Nabagasera says she would rather go to jail than be driven out of her own country . "  I am not going to allow someone to push me out without a fight , " she says . "  The other thing is our movement needs a face . I do n't want them to think they have won because the battle is just starting now . "  It 's not that I want just to stay here to be a hero . I want to stay here because my family is here . I want to stay here to visit my mom 's grave . " So many just want to be accepted for who they are -- by their nation and by their families -- no matter their sexuality . Even Malcolm , despite what he 's been through . "  I hate him , " he says of his father . "  He only wants to talk to me when he wants money . Sometimes I give it to him , when I have . I do n't know where I get that mercy of giving him money . " And Malcolm is adamant that he is going to confront his father . "  I want to tell him to accept me , but he needs to accept me not as a daughter , but as a son . " U.S. , Richard Branson slam Uganda 's anti-gay bill Uganda official : Homosexuality a threat	Malcolm , who is transgender , say most pain was inflicted by his family LGBT activist says she 'd rather be jailed than forced out of Uganda "  I would condemn him . I would hate him , but I would counsel him , " mother says of gay son
San Diego  CNN  -- Eulalia Barrientos spent the last four months in a detention cell in New Jersey . After being apprehended by agents from Immigration and Customs Enforcement in June , the illegal immigrant was just steps away from being deported back to her native Guatemala . Then , this week , suddenly , the cell doors swung open , and the married mother of two U.S.-born children was sent home to her family . Barrientos has been granted a one-year stay of removal ; after the year , she 'll have to go before an immigration judge and plead her case as to why she should be given a green card and allowed to remain in the United States permanently . There 's no explanation for what melted ICE . After all , this is n't a touchy-feely agency . All ICE officials will say is that this was a result of "  prosecutorial discretion . " But that does n't explain why an agency that , for weeks , did n't return the calls of Barrientos ' lawyer , Bryan Johnson , suddenly became much more accommodating . It might have something to do with the call I made this week to an ICE representative to ask about the case or the story that the Spanish-language television network NBC-Telemundo did on Barrientos or the fact that New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez took an interest in the fate of a woman who has resided in Newark for nearly 20 years or the fact that , according to Johnson , there may even be a congressional inquiry into whether Barrientos should have been taken into custody in the first place . Whatever the reason , it had probably had nothing to do with the facts of the case or the letter of the law . Barrientos did n't have either on her side . She and her husband , Jose DeLeon , came to the United States illegally in the early 1990s . In 1998 , they were discovered and ordered deported , but they defied the removal order and continued living in the United States because she had just given birth to their first daughter . Several months ago , on the bad advice of another lawyer , the couple went to check on the progress of their green card application and again came to the attention of federal authorities . On June 2 , ICE raided the family home and arrested Barrientos in front of her two daughters -- ages 12 and 14 -- while her husband was at work . Authorities have n't arrested the husband , because he 's the only parent left at home to care for the children , who are U.S. citizens . Barrientos was slated for deportation . All that stood between her and a one-way flight to Managua was some media interest and political pressure . Oh , and a memo . The "  Morton memo " is a June 17 in-house memorandum  PDF  from ICE Director John Morton to all field office directors , field agents and chief counsel . In the document , Morton advised the bureaucrats that they "  may " exercise discretion and show leniency toward some illegal immigrants by weighing certain factors . They include the length of time the person has lived in the United States , whether the person was brought as a child , whether the person is pursuing an education , whether the person has a criminal record , whether the person or immediate relative served in the U.S. military , whether the person has a spouse , child or parent who is a U.S. citizen or permanent resident , and other circumstances . When he heard about the memo , Johnson decided to play that card . "  Two days after the Morton memo came out , I sent immigration officials at the local ICE field office a copy of it in along with a statement explaining all the factors , " Johnson told me . "  And I asked them : ` So did you change your policy ? ... So can she be released , right ? ' And they said : ` No , we ca n't do that . ' " In the past few months , I 've heard from about a dozen immigration attorneys who have likewise tried to use the Morton memo to spring clients and likewise struck out . As illogical as it sounds , ICE field agents whose job it is to apprehend folks who break the rules for entering the United States seem to be themselves breaking a set of rules laid out by their supervisor . I have three theories as to what 's going on here : The memorandum was written by Morton , or people above him , in a deliberately vague manner to allow local agents to skirt it and continue to rack up deportations ; there is massive insubordination within ICE at the local level ; or this was a political stunt intended to con Latinos into thinking the Obama administration is being more compassionate and lenient in deportations when really nothing has changed . I asked Johnson which theory he thought was at work here . All three , he said . "  I think it 's a political stunt intended to fool Latinos into voting for this administration , " Johnson said . "  The whole thing is a farce , at least at the local enforcement level . " In less than three years , the administration , eager to show that it is enforcing the immigration laws , has deported more than 1 million people . And just this week , in a speech at American University , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano bragged that her department is poised to set another record for deportations in the just-concluded 2011 fiscal year . Write this down : The Morton memo is n't worth the paper it 's written on . Latinos should n't be fooled into thinking otherwise , and neither should anyone else . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	An illegal immigrant mother threatened with deportation was released Ruben Navarrette says her lawyer cited new administration memo on her behalf He says the memo is n't being enforced and may be a ploy to get Latino votes Administration has deported more than a million people since Obama took office
Chances are you 've heard of the honey badger ; you know that it "  do n't give a sh ** " about the bees that are stinging its face , and you know it "  do n't care " about that cobra that 's poised for attack . And if you know all of that , it 's probably because you 're one of 66.4 million people who have watched the 2011 viral video called "  The Crazy Nastyass Honey Badger , " by a sassy nature lover . "  Oh , that 's so nasty ! " Now , Randall -- not his real name -- is trying to raise the profile of another little-known creature : the pangolin . He 's doing it in hopes people will learn about this weird , scale-covered mammal before it goes extinct . There 's a massive international black market for pangolin scales and meat . It 's often traded by the ton . Check out his new video on YouTube : "  Honey Badger Narrates : The Mysterious & Endangered Pangolin . " "  They really just wan na chill-chill , " he says off the top . Randall agreed to edit the video in collaboration with CNN 's Change the List project . You can read more about it at CNN.com / Change . I went to Vietnam and Indonesia in February to try to figure out how this illegal market for pangolin works and what might be done to save this loveable underdog . Some researchers think the pangolin may be the most-trafficked mammal in the world . You can see some of my footage in a CNN video called "  Inside the illegal animal trade " and in Randall 's YouTube video . We gave him access to the material in hopes he could help raise awareness . Randall has a unique knack for making an unknown creature popular . If any animal could use that help , it 's the pangolin .	Creator of the viral video about honey badgers makes a new video , this time on pangolins Quirky , scale-covered creatures are thought to be the most-trafficked mammals in the world CNN gave the viral video maker its footage for use in the pangolin video Activists worry that the pangolin could go extinct before most people realize they exist
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Jamaica 's Usain Bolt is officially the fastest man on the planet as he set a new 100 meters world record of 9.72 seconds at an international meeting in New York . Bolt served notice of his immense talent ahead of the Beijing Olympics by breaking the world 100m record . Bolt was trimming two hundredths of a second off the record previously held by fellow-Jamaican Asafa Powell and for good measure relegated world champion Tyson Gay to a distant second . The 21-year-old had served notice of his excellent form by running a world 's second fastest time of 9.76 seconds in Jamaica last month and he quickly took control of Saturday night 's Reebok Grand Prix showdown with Gay , who finished in 9.85 seconds , still a personal best . Bolt gave credit to a big contingent of Jamaicans who were in the crowd to watch his feat . "  Just coming here , knowing a lot of Jamaicans were here giving me their support , it meant a lot , " Bolt told the Associated Press . "  I just wanted to give them what they wanted . " "  He ran a perfect race , " Gay said . "  I 've got to take my hat off to him . " "  An awesome athlete , " said Shawn Crawford , who finished sixth and witnessed history from two lanes inside of Bolt . "  The time shows it . " The lanky 1.95 meter Bolt had produced his previous best performances before this year over 200 meters and finished second to Gay at this distance in last year 's world championships . With doubts over his starting ability in the 100 meters , Bolt was even pondering a move up to 400 meters in favor of the 100 . But the record changes all that and with Powell , who is recovering from a chest injury , and Gay he will be among the favorites for the 100 meters at the Beijing Olympics . He faces a showdown at the end of June with Powell at the Jamaican national championshps . Also at the Jamaican event will be Veronica Campbell-Brown , who won the women 's 100m on Saturday in 10.91 , the fastest time of 2008 . The start of the night was delayed by an hour because of threatening weather the area and the meeting was briefly hit by a storm which left the track shimmering with a moist sheen ahead of the race of the night . Bolt was assisted by a healthy tailwind of 1.7 meters per second , just under the limit at which a record can be set . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Jamaica 's Usain Bolt sets 100m world record of 9.72 seconds in New York Fellow-Jamaican Asafa Powell held the previous world record of 9.74 seconds World champion Tyson Gay of United States finishes second in 9.85 seconds
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  --  CNN  -- Fighting resumed Tuesday in a disputed oil-rich town in Sudan , threatening to reignite a calamitous civil war which ended three years ago . Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt . Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt . UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon deplored the fighting between the Sudanese military and troops with the Sudan People 's Liberation Army . The SPLA fought a rebellion against the government for more than 20 years until both sides signed a peace deal in 2005 . The deal 's Comprehensive Peace Agreement ended a north-south civil war that killed about 2 million people and displaced more than 4 million others . An impasse over the boundaries of the town of Abyei is a major reason the peace agreement has not been fully implemented . Fighting erupted in Abyei on May 13 . It resumed Tuesday despite a cease-fire and has "  resulted in the destruction " of the town "  and the displacement of between 30,000 and 50,000 people , " the secretary general said in a statement . Do n't Miss Sudanese opposition leader arrested Sudan cuts ties with Chad after attack Darfur rebels advance on Sudan capital , their leader says "  If the situation is not urgently addressed , the achievements thus far of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement could be placed at serious risk , " he said . The civil war in Sudan , which started in 1983 , pitted a northern government dominated by Arab Muslims against black Christians and animists in southern Sudan . That conflict was not directly related to ongoing violence in the Darfur region of western Sudan . Human rights groups and United Nations say the Sudanese military armed and trained Arab militias in Darfur after a rebellion erupted in 2003 . They say the military and militias have engaged in widespread killing , rape and forced displacements in Darfur as they battle about rebels who have splintered into roughly a dozen groups . One of those groups staged a daring attack this month near the Sudanese capital , Khartoum . The government said it quashed the attack . Nearly 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million displaced in Darfur in the last five years , the UN says .	Fighting in disputed oil-rich Sudan town raises fears of return to civil war Up to 50,000 people displaced by latest outbreak of fighting Despite cease-fire agreement Abyei has been destroyed and deal is at risk
CNN  -- Saying no one can can diminish what she and her team accomplished , a confident Diana Nyad took on her critics Wednesday night on "  Piers Morgan Live . " Her record-breaking Cuba to Florida swin , she said , was by the book . "  We swam fair and square , squeaky clean across that thing , " Nyad said , at times raising her voice , during the interview . "  No one 's going to take our joy and our moment that the world was inspired by away from us . Nobody . " The 64-year-old marathon swimmer has been hit with criticism ever since she finished her record-breaking 53-hour , 110-mile journey last week . Some say the numbers do n't add up . Was it really a record ? Did she cheat ? Nyad answered her critics , point by point . Did she get help ? No , Nyad said . She said she was out in the open ocean the whole time . "  Never , never took a rest , never touched a boat , never got out on a boat , " she said . During 27 hours of swimming , she went from 1.5 mph than to more than 3 mph . Many marathon swimmers say that 's deeply suspicious . Her explanation ? It 's simple math , Nyad said . And also a lucky stretch . She said she hit a perfect current that pushed her along at a quicker speed . "  If you got lucky , which I did that day and I 'm swimming at 1.7 miles per hour I have a current at , let 's say , 2 . 2 miles per hour ... You add them together and you 're close to 4 miles an hour . It 's easy . " Critcs say that it 's impossible for her not to eat or drink for more than seven hours during the swim . Her response ? That 's pure fiction , Nyad said . That rumor started , Nyad said , when a doctor said she was having serious stomach problems during the swim . The doctor said she was having problems eating solid food . "  That does n't mean you do n't eat , " she said . "  My handlers , they made me nutritional supplement drinks . I 'm always taking in food , every half hour , 45 minutes . Seven hours . That never happened . " Some question whether she violated the traditions of the sport by using a specialized mask and wetsuit to protect herself from jellyfish stings . Did she break the rule ? The specialized mask she wore is allowed in the rules , Nyad said . And by the way , she added , that mask could hardly be called an aid . It 's cumbersome and makes it harder to swim . "  It 's not an aid , believe me . You wish you did n't have this thing on , " she said . "  They 're the most dangerous jellyfish in the world . They 're fatal . You need to be protected . In many areas of the world , those types of suits are allowed ; just not in the English Channel . " Does she think her effort will be ratified ? Did she swim for nothing ? Nyad said she 'll have to wait and see if she is officially affirmed as the first person to have completed the Cuba-Florida swim unassisted and without a shark cage . These questions do n't help . But she says , in some ways , she understands the scrutiny . "  People have been trying since 1950 to get across . It did seem nearly impossible , " Nyad said . "  It better be vetted . But our team is squeaky clean . This swim will the ratified in due time . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Diana Nyad completed the 110-mile swim from Cuba to Florida last week She says she is the first person to do it unassisted and without a shark cage But many questions have been raised about aspects of her swim She insists her team did it in a "  squeaky clean " way
CNN  -- A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in the murder of two British men , found shot dead at 3 a.m. Saturday in Sarasota , Florida , police say . Sarasota Police have identified the victims as James M. Cooper , 25 , and James Thomas Kouzaris , 24 , both from England . The juvenile , who police said was arrested previously this month on a charge of aggravated assault with a handgun , was arrested 24 hours after the murders at 3 a.m. Sunday . Where he was arrested was not disclosed . Police were alerted to the incident by a 911 caller who said "  a person was lying on the ground covered in blood " at the scene , on a one-way residential street with no businesses . Sarasota Police Chief Mikel Hollaway said officials are trying to determine why the men were there . "  We have our suspicions , but at this time it would be unfair to state those , " he said . "  I believe they were there of their own volition . " The neighborhood where the British men were found is a housing project in north Sarasota called Newtown , Hollaway said . The teen suspect in the case lives near the crime scene , police said . Although the housing authority has worked to improve the complex , "  it has its problems , " Hollaway said . "  This is an isolated incident . " The murders were the first homicides of the year , he said . The two men were believed to be friends who recently graduated from college and were in Sarasota to celebrate , police said . "  On behalf of the city of Sarasota , we want to express our condolences for the families of the two victims who were obviously on holiday from the United Kingdom , " Sarasota Mayor Kelly Kirschner said .	NEW : Police are trying to determine why the men were at a housing project Two men found shot dead Saturday in Sarasota , Florida Shooting occurred in a residential area on a one-way street
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Last week 's "  balloon boy " incident is being investigated by the Federal Aviation Administration , an agency representative said Tuesday . The Heene family -- including Falcon , second from right -- on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " last week . Richard and Mayumi Heene , whose son Falcon was thought for several hours to have flown away in a homemade balloon , are facing a number of local charges , a Colorado sheriff said this week . The Fort Collins couple could be charged with conspiracy , contributing to the delinquency of a minor and attempting to influence a public servant , Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden said Sunday . The family also probably will be charged with filing a false police report , which is a misdemeanor , Alderden said . Their lawyer , David Lane , said the sheriff was overreaching and that the family deserves the presumption of innocence . Watch the Heenes ' friends talk about the incident " FAA spokeswoman Diane Spitaliere confirmed Tuesday that the agency was "  investigating the circumstances " of the incident , in which police and military scrambled to rescue the 6-year-old boy , who later turned out to be hiding in his family 's attic . A source familiar with the investigation said no record has been found indicating that Richard Heene called the FAA . The agency does not record all of its calls , and the search for a record of any call is continuing , the source said . The Heenes may have violated FAA regulations barring people from flying balloons or kites within 5 miles of an airport , an FAA official said . The official declined to be named because the case is under investigation . The giant silver balloon was apparently not visible on radar , the official said , and the FAA is relying on pilot reports to determine its approximate flight path during the roughly three hours it was aloft Thursday . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers in Washington contributed to this story .	Federal Aviation Administration looking into "  escaped balloon " story Balloon 's owners already facing several local charges Heene family deserves presumption of innocence , lawyer says No proof that Richard Heene called FAA when balloon set off , source says
CNN  -- For Morris Murenzi , a visit to his native Rwanda always includes attending a gacaca court -- a local tribunal of villagers set up to try suspects in a 1994 genocide that killed 800,000 . The gacaca courts , as seen here in 2003 , are inspired by old village tribunals used to settle disputes . At the proceedings , he sits with his countrymen . Some tearfully confront their attackers and testify against them , their scars from the genocide still visible . Others -- like him -- quietly listen , their emotional scars invisible . They wait and hope for answers about how their relatives died as a nine-member panel questions suspects . "  Some of the witnesses who ask questions are disfigured , others are disabled , " said the Dallas , Texas , resident whose last gacaca trial was in Kigali two years ago . "  The attackers have no place to hide . They are forced to address what they have done to the victims . " Murenzi is one of thousands of people who attend gacaca courts all across Rwanda on any given day . Hearings are held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred . There are no lawyers and no judges in robes . A panel of local villagers with no legal experience conducts the proceedings . "  For me , gacacas help me find closure and healing , " Murenzi said . "  I am able to see up close how remorseful the attackers are . ... You never see that in real court . " Gacaca courts were introduced in the central African nation after the April 1994 genocide , which raged for 100 days . The victims were mostly from the Tutsi ethnic minority , who were targeted by Hutus over a rivalry that dates to colonial days . Some moderates from the Hutu majority who support Tutsis were also killed . Murenzi , a Tutsi from the capital , Kigali , lost most of his extended family in the genocide . During the attacks , he was in neighboring Uganda with his parents , where he attended school at the time , the 37-year-old said . "  My mom 's sisters , brothers , my uncles , they were all killed and buried in mass graves , " he said . The gacacas were originally formed to resolve minor disputes among villagers but were reinvented to hand out justice to the perpetrators of the genocide and help fast-track reconciliation efforts in the broken nation . "  You had about 130,000 people in jail . And there were many more outside , " Rwandan President Paul Kagame said recently on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " The nation 's justice system and the International Criminal Tribunal set up to try genocide suspects were overwhelmed , and handling all the cases in those courts would have taken hundreds of years , according to the president . Watch Kagame justify gacacas " "  If you went technically to try each one of them , as the law may suggest , then you would lose out on rebuilding a nation , on bringing people back together , " he said . "  That 's why we had to say , let 's categorize responsibilities . " The leaders and masterminds of the genocide are tried in ordinary courts , and civilians who contributed to attacks or loss of life directly or indirectly go to gacacas , Kagame said . The tribunals are lacking and fraught with problems , critics say . "  We 've had serious concerns about the gacaca process and whether it meets international fair trial standards , " said Georgette Gagnon , Africa director for Human Rights Watch , which has offices in Rwanda . Some witnesses have been targeted for revenge after testifying , and due process falls short , Gagnon said , adding that the organization has suggested changes to the system to ensure basic human rights are met , but they have not been enforced . "  It is time for the process to end . And there needs to be a frank announcement on whether it has led to reconciliation , " she said . Paul Rusesabagina , whose effort to save hundreds of Tutsis was featured in the 2004 movie "  Hotel Rwanda , " calls gacacas "  the worst idea ever . " "  Gacaca traditionally means justice on the grass . Elders sitting on the grass , handing justice to someone who stole a neighbor 's goat , " Rusesabagina said . "  Judges are people who never went to school ... who do not know anything about law . " Today , this justice is dealing with people who have committed a genocide , which is a much bigger issue , he said . There have been calls to abolish the tribunals , which have tried about 1.5 million cases since they started in 2001 , according to the Integrated Regional Information Networks , a U.N. agency . The government in June postponed plans to close gacacas . Some analysts say the system has its advantages , by reducing congestion in prisons and allowing survivors to hear first-hand what happened to their loved ones . Murenzi said he does not have all the answers about his relatives ' deaths , and he plans to attend more gacacas -- including during a trip to Rwanda at the end of the year . Despite the lack of information , he said , watching suspects struggle to come to terms with the attacks has brought an unusual form of comfort . "  They will never know peace . They have to live with the fact that they killed their neighbors for the rest of their lives , " Murenzi said . "  While the survivors can move on , they  attackers  probably never will . "	Hearings held in open fields in neighborhoods where the attacks occurred . Hearings have tried about 1.5 million cases since they started Victims of 1994 genocide were mostly from the Tutsi ethnic minority Gacacas originally formed to resolve minor disputes among villagers
CNN  The MotoGP cavalcade trooped into Malaysia this week for three days of testing at a sultry Sepang circuit . While there were no surprises about the man leading the pack , results further down hint at an interesting season ahead in motorcycle racing 's top class . Repsol Honda 's Marc Marquez blew away the winter cobwebs with a typically imperious blast around the track . The youngest-ever double world champion 's best lap of one minute 59.115 seconds was more than three-tenths of a second clear of the field -- a blink of an eye , perhaps , but a significant gap in a sport of fine margins . The Catalan 's appetite for success appears undiminished and he was in the mood for work , clocking up 73 laps on the final day of testing -- more than anyone else on the grid . "  We 're finished today with our homework done , " Marquez said . "  I do not think there are many more new things to try . " Behind the Spaniard there were several eye-catching rides in track temperatures that reached a scalding 49 degrees Celsius  120 ˚F  . Movistar Yamaha 's Jorge Lorenzo finished second on his Movistar Yamaha despite struggling with the intense heat . "  It was really difficult to keep a good lap time and pace , " Lorenzo said . "  The bike felt not so good with so much temperature . I decided to stop as I was n't feeling confident in braking . " Reportedly in the shape of his life , the man from Majorca clocked a satisfying one minute 59.437 seconds -- his fastest ever lap at the track -- and looks set to be Marquez 's closest challenger this year , especially as both his teammate Valentino Rossi  5th  and Honda 's Dani Pedrosa  7th  left Malaysia with work to do . While no eyebrows were raised at the top two riders , the man in third place will have got them twitching . Britain 's Cal Crutchlow endured a miserable 2014 for the most part with Ducati , but was getting to grips with the Italian bike before he departed for CWM LCR Honda . He appears to have settled immediately , and an impressive showing in Sepang bodes well for the combative Manxman 's season . Not a fan of the circuit , Crutchlow departed with a smile on his face after registering a hugely impressive one minute 59.658 seconds . "  For a track that I dislike , that 's my fastest ever lap around here by nearly eight-tenths of a second , " Crutchlow said . "  I felt good and comfortable on the bike , and it 's not a bad lap considering the conditions of the circuit today . " Fellow Briton Bradley Smith , on the Monster Tech3 Yamaha team , also performed well . On day two he already felt the team was "  95 % there , " and his sixth place on day three was promising . The progress of two teams in Malaysia was under particular scrutiny with Ducati debuting its new Desmosedici GP15 bike and Suzuki stepping up for its eagerly anticipated return to the sport with its GSX-RR . Ducati team principal Gigi Dall ` Igna was satisfied with the GP15 's showing . "  It seems that everything is going well : we lapped for three days without any major reliability issues and this is surely important for a completely new bike , " Dall ` lgna said . New recruit Andrea Iannone impressed with an outstanding fourth place on the final day . "  I 'm happy with the way it 's improved in such a short period of time , " Iannone remarked . Suzuki 's Aleix Espargaro was also satisfied with his machine 's progress . On Monday , he said that he had been surprised by the speed and power of the GSX-RR , and was also content with its performance in that day 's wet conditions . "  I feel very comfortable , " the Spaniard said . "  It is small and easy to handle so I feel confident . " One more test remains for the teams , at Qatar 's Losail circuit , before the season gets underway at the same track on 29 March .	MotoGP teams and riders in Sepang , Malaysia for three days of testing ahead of 2015 season Reigning world champion Marc Marquez three tenths of a second faster that nearest rival One more round of testing in Qatar before season opener at same track on March 29
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- On his knees , Nawroz prays . He is a condemned man about to die in a brutal way . His crime : The killing of his lover 's husband . The judge : A local warlord in Kand , Afghanistan . The executioner : The victim 's father . A mobile phone video captured the grisly scene . Many have gathered to watch this act , sitting on dusty earth , in dappled shade . Nawroz , wrapped in a white shawl , gets up from his prayer mat . His alleged victim 's father is led by another man to Nawroz . "  Hold the gun right , " the man tells the father . Bang . Nawroz falls to the ground . Two more shots ring out . The warlord ordered the man to pull the trigger twice , but he kept on , unable to deliver a swift fatal shot . "  Stop shooting , you donkey , " the spectators say . "  He 's still alive , " says one . But not for long . This is not a video taken before 2001 , in the days when the Taliban ruled and Kabul 's stadium was reserved not for soccer , but public executions . It 's from last month . After a decade of the U.S.-led war to defeat extremism in Afghanistan , feudal justice still exists . In remote Kand , outside the reach of NATO or the Afghan government , warlord Mullah Mustafa and his men rule by the gun . Mustafa helps keep the Taliban at bay , the people say , so the government lets him run his own fiefdom . It 's not the sort of compromise the United States imagined a decade ago , bringing a type of justice that 's swift and brutal . Human Rights Watch has said that in large parts of Afghanistan , no formal judicial system is in place and only tribal and other customary forms of justice are practiced . And a scathing report issued last year by the International Crisis Group described Afghanistan 's judicial system as being "  in a catastrophic state of disrepair . "  A growing majority of Afghans have been forced to accept the rough justice of Taliban and criminal power brokers in areas of the country that lie beyond government control . " The report went on to say that the United States has not paid the same attention to justice reform as it has to other aspects of nation building . "  Its investment in judicial institutions is modest , as opposed to the billions invested in standing up the Afghan army and police , " the report said . The U.S. Agency for International Development allocated only 1 % of its Afghanistan budget between 2002 and 2007 -- $ 64 million -- to supporting the establishment of rule of law , the report said . Human rights monitors have pressed President Hamid Karzai 's government to prioritize the establishment of a professional judiciary . But Nawroz 's execution is more evidence that Afghanistan has a long way to go . There have been other cases that have sparked outrage . In 2006 , Abdul Rahman was arrested and threatened with death for converting to Christianity . Last year , the Taliban ordered the first public executions by stoning since their fall from power -- a young couple who had eloped died in horrific fashion . Jalaludin , who witnessed Nawroz 's execution , said Mustafa gathered local mullahs to reach a verdict according to sharia , or Islamic law . "  The mullahs asked the father to forgive Nawroz and to take some of his family 's land and women in compensation , " he said . "  But the father refused , so the mullahs ordered an execution . " Nawroz tried to buy his release , but Mustafa refused , Jalaludin said . He 's not one to take bribes . After the killing , Nawroz first said he had been helped by his cousins , according to Abdul Gafor , one of Nawroz 's cousins . "  For that reason , we were interrogated and beaten a lot during the questioning , " Gafor said . But later , when questioned by Mustafa , Nawroz changed his story and said he had killed alone , Gafor said . Another cousin , Sikander , wished for law and order . "  We 'd like strong government , " he said . "  There 's no police or government presence here , and Mullah Mustafa has government contacts . " Nawroz was a man whose jealousy allegedly led him to kill the man married to his lover . It 's a story that has played out countless times in countless places . But here , in Kand , there was no trial , no jury of peers . Nawroz 's punishment was strictly an eye for an eye , meted out in frightful fashion . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Kabul , Afghanistan , and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta .	A warlord condemned Nawroz to death after he allegedly killed his lover 's husband The victim 's father shot him multiple times The execution was captured on a cell phone video Without a strong court system , Afghans have had to accept tribal justice
CNN  -- The Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up clerical child abuse until the mid-1990s , according to a government-commissioned report released Thursday . The Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation 's 720-page report said that it has "  no doubt that clerical child sexual abuse was covered up " from January 1975 to May 2004 , the time covered by the report . "  The Dublin Archdiocese 's pre-occupations in dealing with cases of child sexual abuse , at least until the mid 1990s , were the maintenance of secrecy , the avoidance of scandal , the protection of the reputation of the Church , and the preservation of its assets , " the report said . "  The welfare of children , which should have been the first priority , was not even a factor to be considered in the early stages , " it said . "  Instead the focus was on the avoidance of scandal and the preservation of the good name , status and assets of the institution and of what the institution regarded as its most important members -- the priests . " Archbishop Diarmuid Martin apologized Thursday in a news conference . "  No words of apology can ever be sufficient , " he said . And Dermot Ahern , Ireland 's justice minister , said he felt a "  a growing sense of revulsion and anger " as he read the report . "  Bottom line is this : A collar will protect no villain , " he said . The commission was set up in March 2006 to look into allegations of child sexual abuse made against clergy in the Irish capital . Its report was completed in July . Although the commission said it was not its place to "  establish whether or not abuse occurred ... it is abundantly clear ... that child sexual abuse by clerics was widespread throughout the period . " One victim , Marie Collins , said those who covered up the abuse were just as guilty as the perpetrators of the crimes . "  How many people accused of abuse are still sitting in parishes today ? " she asked in a Thursday news conference . The commission examined the histories of 46 priests , who were picked as a sample from 102 who had had complaints or suspicions of child abuse raised against them . Complaints from more than 320 children were leveled against the 46 , the report said . But it said that the number of children abused likely exceeded that . "  One priest admitted to sexually abusing over 100 children , while another accepted that he had abused on a fortnightly basis during the currency of his ministry which lasted for over 25 years , " the report said . "  The total number of documented complaints recorded against those two priests is only just over 70 . " In its analysis of the 46 priests , the commission said that all four archbishops -- Archbishops John Charles McQuaid , Dermot Ryan , Kevin McNamara , and Desmond Connell -- who served during the time period covered by the report handled the child sexual abuse complaints "  badly . " "  Not one of them reported his knowledge of child sexual abuse to the Gardai  the Irish police force  throughout the 1960s , 1970s , or 1980s , " the report said . The commission did credit Connell , who took over the archdiocese in 1988 , with giving Irish authorities in 1995 the names of 17 priests against whom complaints had been made -- although it called the number incomplete , saying that there was "  knowledge within the Archdiocese of at least 28 priests against whom there had been complaints . " They said he was "  slow to recognize the seriousness of the situation . " Connell also gave authorities permission to access the archdiocesan files in 2002 . Connell , a cardinal , apologized in a written statement . "  I wish to express without reservation my bitter regret that failures on my part contributed to the suffering of victims in any form , " he said . "  Although I am all too aware that such apologies and expressions of regret can never be adequate as a response to so much hurt and violation and , in any case , lose their value through repetition , I apologize again now from my heart and ask the forgiveness of those who have been so shamefully harmed . " The report named 11 priests who had pleaded guilty to or were convicted of sexual assaults on children . Of the other 35 , it gave pseudonyms to 33 of them and redacted the names of two . The report shot down the notion that church leadership was unaware of the problem . "  The Archdiocese of Dublin and other Church authorities have repeatedly claimed to have been , prior to the late 1990s , ` on a learning curve ' in relation to the matter , " it said . However , it said McNamara , Ryan and McQuaid had information on complaints against at least 17 priests when the Archdiocese took out insurance in 1987 to cover future compensation claims and lawsuits related to sexual abuse allegations . "  The taking out of insurance was an act proving knowledge of child sexual abuse as a potential major cost to the Archdiocese and is inconsistent with the view that Archdiocesan officials were still ` on a learning curve ' at a much later date , or were lacking in an appreciation of the phenomenon of clerical child sex abuse , " it said . The report also said church officials perpetuated the problem by ignoring allegations and in some cases simply moved an alleged abuser on to another parish -- leaving him free to abuse another group of children . Thursday 's findings follow a report that came out in May , detailing allegations of child abuse in various institutions across Ireland from the 1940s to the present . Though both reports deal with child abuse , they are not related , having been written by two separate commissions investigating two different subjects . The May report looked at child abuse in lay institutions , including reformatories , hospitals , orphanages , children 's homes and industrial schools across the country . Some of those institutions were linked to religious orders , but none were strictly religious schools . Speaking last month after the Irish High Court cleared the way for Thursday 's report to be made public , Irish Justice Minister Dermot Ahern said he was pleased the information would not be kept private . "  I have always made it clear that I have been anxious to put the report into the public domain as quickly as possible , while at the same time not wishing to do anything which would prejudice the chances of any of the people involved in these evil deeds being brought to justice , " Ahern said in a statement . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	New report examines abuse abuse between January 1975 and May 2004 Earlier report detailed allegations of child abuse in institutions across Ireland Some of those institutions were linked to religious orders Archbishop Diarmuid Martin : "  No words of apology can be sufficient "
CNN  -- Jakarta has always had a rich and fruitful relationship with the sea . A trade gateway linking east and west , the modern city can still show travelers glimpses of its long maritime history . Now the Indonesian capital , it was initially settled as the port of Sunda Kelapa by the Hindu Kingdom of Sunda around the fifth century and was designed to develop a vibrant sea trade for the realm . The "  coconut of Sunda "  the port 's name translated from Sundanese  soon flourished and attracted the attention of other maritime-invested nations including the Portuguese , Dutch and British . To this day , you can still see the influence of the Dutch colonialists in the architecture of many of the buildings in the old city . Today , Indonesia is an independent republic that has become a melting pot of cultures and people . Nicknamed by travelers as the "  Big Durian "  a pungent-smelling but sweet-tasting local fruit  , the modern metropolis of Jakarta is a swelteringly smoggy city bursting at the seams with people . Watch : Jakarta 's maritime history Its moniker is probably a good description of the city . It may not be everyone 's idea of a typical vacation spot -- some portions of the city are grungy , dilapidated streets with scruffy slums . But underneath the seemingly overpopulated , polluted exterior lies a vibrant city rich in history and eclectic tourism options . Here are our top picks for tourists wanting to sample Jakarta 's maritime heritage . Often missed by vacationers , the historic harbor of Sunda Kelapa sits at the mouth of the Ciliwung River . The original settlement is a fantastic insight into the city 's history and is home to what is said to be the world 's last wind-powered seafaring trade fleet . Walk amongst the traditional pinisi ships -- simple but sturdy wooden vessels -- that once provided trade from Indonesia to Europe and Africa . Climb up Syahbandar Tower and gaze upon the beautiful views from the top . Literally meaning "  Fish Market " in Bahasa Indonesia  the country 's native tongue  , Pasar Ikan sits at the end of Sunda Kelapa harbor . Although the market now sells all types of wares , Indonesian fishermen still gather here daily to sell their catch . The best time to visit and join locals purchasing the best goods is in the morning before it gets too hot and the smell of fish becomes overwhelming . In numbers : The world 's shipping industry Nearby , you can also see traditional kampung houses  dwellings on stilts  where local families live . Do n't be shy and say hello to the incredibly friendly and welcoming folks that reside next to the market . A short distance from Pasar Ikan are several repurposed Dutch East India Company warehouses , which now operate as Museum Bahari . Today , the museum lets you step back in time through the country 's nautical past and emphasizes how important the sea still is to the economy of present-day Indonesia . On display are beautifully decorated fishing boats and pinisi schooners as well as shipbuilding tools and explanations of Indonesian folklore and maritime traditions . Steering away from the old harbor , visit the Kota Tua  Old Batavia  area . In the 16th century , the Dutch settled in Indonesia -- renaming Jakarta "  Batavia " -- after seeing a high demand for the country 's spices . It is in the popular Kota district that tourists can see the influence left by Indonesia 's former colonists . The buildings surrounding Fatahillah Square have distinct Dutch facades and architectural elements . Stroll down roads lined with stalls , street acts and tourists to visit the Jakarta History Museum , Wayang  Puppet  Museum and the Museum of Fine Arts and Ceramics . Outside the Jakarta Historical Museum sits Si Jagur -- a disused Portuguese cannon that is believed to bring fertility to women who touch it . And a few blocks west of Fatahillah Square is the Great Canal , with its historical Dutch drawbridge , Jembatan Pasar Ayam , rising over the waterway . No longer operational , in the past the drawbridge was built to connect the Dutch and British forts stationed on each side of the canal . Finally , end your visit to Jakarta by visiting the National Monument  known locally as "  Monas "  in the center of Merdeka Square . It was erected in the 1960s as a tribute to Indonesian independence and today stands as a reminder of Jakarta 's vibrant and multicultural history .	Jakarta boasts a vibrant maritime history because of its location along the spice route Travelers can get a taste of Jakarta 's nautical past Indonesia is a melting pot of cultures and people
Andar , Afghanistan  CNN  -- "  An apple , " English teacher Asadullah writes and reads out on the board . A simple word , perhaps , but here speaking and teaching English is something of a novelty and for the U.S. military and Afghan government a success -- albeit small . It would not have been possible four months ago when soldiers from the 101st Airborne arrived in Andar district in Afghanistan 's Ghazni province -- the first American presence in the area in two years . "  The school was empty , it was essentially a ghost town , " Captain Justin Quisenberry recalled . "  We found a passerby and asked , ` where are all the students , the teachers ? ' He said it had been closed for a couple of years , the Taliban threatened us . It 's just not a safe place to have classes . " An indication of just how powerful the Taliban has been in this area is the turnout for the country 's September elections . Just three people out of the district 's 110,000 residents voted . Classes only just resumed here . The school is in the town of Miri . Although it may not look like an oasis , it is -- of sorts . The local market is thriving . Cell phones and bright clothes imported from Pakistan are among the items on sale , creating an explosion of color against the dull brown of the mud walls . The school is the only one around for miles under government control ; the other 25 remain in the grip of the Taliban . "  The Taliban does n't like that this school is open , " headmaster Abdullah Hakmal told us . "  It 's because they do n't have power here . " He explained the Taliban wants to dictate the curriculum , focusing more on religion rather than other studies . The students , who range from 11-years-old to 25 , used to have to walk for kilometers to get any sort of education at all from a Taliban-controlled school . "  Yes " the class says in unison when we ask if they are happy . As 15-year-old Nuradin puts it , "  It 's great to have a school that is a safe and close walk . " "  The one school we just recently opened up in Miri , it 's in the oil spot or security bubble that we 've been able to establish in the last four months , " U.S. Battalion commander David Fivecoat said . "  We will gradually expand that here over the coming months and begin to take back some of the schools from the ones that are under Taliban control and begin to re-exert government influence here in Andar . " But Taliban influence is not just confined to the educational system ; they have also set up a shadow government . "  What we 've seen here , we 've seen tax collection system where the Taliban has been able to levy taxes on farmers and the wheat harvest came in . We 've also been able to see a small judicial system where they have been able to adjudicate disputes , " Fivecoat added . "  As we 've discovered this and gained some insight into it , it also gives us the ability to target the judges and the tax collectors for the Taliban to remove that infrastructure and make it harder for them to come back if and when they try to come back from Pakistan . " Historically the Taliban leadership and many fighters flee to their safe havens in neighboring Pakistan for the winter , re-emerging for what is known as the "  spring offensive . " "  This winter in December and January insurgent activity has definitely decreased , " explained Fivecoat . "  We 've seen fewer engagements between my soldiers and the enemy , we 've seen less IED 's and really less violence . But in the last week we did hear some reports that some of the Taliban leaders are being ordered back here to fight in Andar due to some of the successes that we 've had . And we 're ready for that if and when they come back . " It 's been a tough fight just to get this far . Since arriving in Andar , Fivecoat has had around 50 soldiers wounded in battle and one killed . Outside of the "  oil spot " or "  security bubble " that the U.S. has managed to establish in Miri itself , fear of the Taliban prevails . On patrol through a small village that sits along one of the major routes in the district , 33-year-old Afghan Army Lieutenant Matiullah asks local men where the Taliban are hiding . Their responses are a variation of "  We do n't know " , "  They are not here , " or "  No , no Taliban . " The search through the village is intended to catch the Taliban off guard . "  A lot of times insurgents will stage their attacks out of villages such as this , hide IED making materials here and generally stage and plan in the mosques around here before they move out on the roads to instigate their attacks on coalition forces and afghan military and police , " U.S. Army Lieutenant Chip Evans explained . The men crouch through the doorways of the rooms in the mud compounds but find nothing . Meanwhile , Matiullah gathers the elders by the mosque , where his address is as much a plea for help as it is a lecture . "  We are coming here to help , you need to help us to bring security , " he says , adding , "  The Taliban comes here to take your money , we are coming to help . " He accuses them of helping the Taliban , otherwise he says troops would not be getting ambushed or blown up in the area . The men sit expressionless , refusing to answer any of Matiullah 's accusations . "  These people do anger me a bit , " Matiullah said . "  But I ca n't really blame them , none of them have weapons and they are too scared of the Taliban . "	U.S. 101st Airborne arrived in Andar district in Afghanistan 's Ghazni province 4 months ago It was the first American presence in the largely Taliban-controlled area in two years Historically the Taliban flee to their safe havens in neighboring Pakistan for winter Outside of this U.S. "  security bubble " the fear of Taliban among population prevails
CNN  -- A "  smart village " aimed at tackling rural poverty while promoting community and sustainability has been unveiled in Malaysia . Built to the northeast of capital Kuala Lumpur , Rimbunan Kaseh is the result of a public/private partnership and could be used as a model for providing relief from poverty around the world , according to its creators . In addition to 100 homes , residents have access to educational , training and recreational facilities on site as well as a sustainable agricultural system which provides a reliable food source and a supplementary income for residents . A four-level aquaculture system plays host to guppies and algae which provide food for larger fish like protein-rich tilapia . Filtered water from the fish tanks is also used to irrigate trees , flowers and crops . "  It is a complete loop ; a modern farm -- one that could even exist on the rooftop of a building , " Tan Say Jim , managing director of Malaysia 's IRIS Corporation Berhad , who are spearheading efforts , said in a statement . "  With this project we stimulate rural growth with modern agriculture activities , we balance development and economic activities between the urban and rural areas , we provide income and we improve living standards , " Tan added . All the homes on the 12-hectare site are energy efficient , sourcing power from solar panels complimented by biomass and hydro . Further villages are planned at as many as 12 locations in the country which will form a network of "  smart communities " laying the foundations for future jobs and prosperity , developers predict . Progress in poverty reduction has been "  uneven " in Malaysia , according to the United Nations Development Program , with "  pockets of hard-core rural poverty remaining . " But the situation is an improving one , with the national poverty rates falling sharply over the last two decades . Speaking at the Institute for Diplomacy and Foreign Relations in Kuala Lumpur earlier this year , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon praised the country 's efforts to tackle poverty as part of the wider Millennium Development Goals . "  Your experiences can help countries throughout the global South , and I urge Malaysia to look at how it can increase South-South cooperation , " Mr. Ban said . "  Malaysia is a multi-ethnic , multi-religious and multi-cultural country . Promoting unity among diversity , promoting one Malaysia among Malaysians is a great vision , not only for the Malaysian people , but also for the region ... " Ellis Rubenstein , president and chief executive of the New York Academy of Sciences and co-chair of Global Science and Innovation Advisory Council  GSIAC  says the Malaysian model is a "  great opportunity " to improve the lives of poverty-stricken people in the country and around the world . "  Integrated smart communities could transform services available to Malaysia 's citizenry while creating thousands of jobs ... " Rubenstein said in a statement . Set up in 2011 , GSIAC is a joint initiative between the New York Academy of Sciences and the Malaysia Industry-Government for High Technology  MIGHT  . At a meeting earlier this month , Zakri Abdul Hamid , scientific adviser to the Prime Minister of Malaysia , praised the alliance . "  It opens the door to major foreign investment . And it gives us the chance that no other government -- either regional or national -- has anywhere in the world to develop a staged , integrated solution to our citizens needs ... " Zakri said .	U.S. / Malaysian initiative aims to promote growth and sustainability in rural Malaysia with "  smart villages " Incorporating energy efficient houses and "  closed loop " agriculture could be model for other countries Aquaculture system provides food for residents anda also water for crops and trees on 12-hectare site Reliable food sources aimed at improving the wealth and health of people living on site
The Frisky  -- Men do n't have "  guilty pleasures . " We own , nay , celebrate what 's bad for us . Our obsessions are points of pride , not shame . Some men feel no shame in gobbling three slices of pizza at once if they want to . You 'll never see a guy wolf down a small mountain of waffles with a side of bacon and squeal , "  Oh my gosh , I ca n't believe I ate everything ! I 'm so ashamed . " We will shamelessly sit in a nest of pizza crusts playing video games for endless hours . Unabashed tears will crawl out of the corners of eyes when the hometown team chokes at the last minute . Beer will be quaffed , their caloric potency mocked . These are the things that make life worth living . Feeling bad about feeling good , even if the good is short-term , is for puritan chumps . If I could , I 'd go out everywhere in my sweat pants . Of course , overindulging has its prices . Sloth and gluttony are venial sins for a reason . But the whole idea of "  guilty pleasures " is something that is lady-specific . Women feel shame over even tiny little hedonistic infractions . I dated a woman once who was very much my type -- hot nerd -- who was deeply embarrassed over her celebrity trash magazine addiction . She actually tried to hide her US Weekly 's from prying , judgmental eyes . Eventually , I staged an intervention that went a little like this : "  Please , woman , own your love of snickering over pictures of Hollywood stretch marks ! " This is not to say men are n't susceptible to social pressures , and masculine stereotypes . There are things that , while not "  guilty pleasures , " are ... minor vices . Things we are into that contradict standard male operating procedure . After all , one can not live on bacon and beer alone . But a lot of guys find themselves infatuated with hobbies , media , and creature comforts that do n't really fit the lumberjack mold . I 'll wager many ladies are the quiet guardians of their man 's not-really-secret , but not-really-public , quirks . I am not ashamed of anything . This is why I will admit to the following minor vices , and in the process , teach women that they can be loud and proud when it comes to the hours spent rehearsing pucker faces in front of the mirror . Boldly rock your "  guilty pleasures . " Bubble baths Anyone got a problem with that ? I love bath salts , bubbles , fizzy stuff that promises to magically transform your bathtub into a sauna . The whole kit and caboodle . There is nothing I love more than a good , frou-frou soak . Heck , maybe I 'll light a votive candle too . Quiche I ate it this past weekend , in fact . That 's right . I shoveled French egg pie into my mouth . Yes , quiche , a food that sounds like an inappropriate bodily sound . It was delicious . It had spinach in it , and I washed it down with sparkling water . Sure , I could have eaten something drenched in cheese , or deep-fried . But the moment called for something sensible , delicate , and ... flaky , okay ? Quiche is awesome . Reality TV shows about shallow women A recent minor vice has actually entered my life . Every Tuesday , I eat Chinese food and watch "  The Real Housewives of New York . " Have you seen this show ? It 's like an open invitation to hate on women . Is this really popular female wish fulfillment ? All that chattering , and glittering ? They are a bunch of bedazzled banshees that suddenly make me understand why the French guillotined all the rich aristocrats ! Sigh . While I 'm not overly susceptible to gender norms , I think I need to go to the comic book store , or hit the shooting range . Oh , forget it . See you next week , my beloved "  Real Housewives . " TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Author says that men celebrate obsessions instead of having ` guilty pleasures ' "  Our obsessions are points of pride , not shame , " he says Still author has vices that contradict "  standard male operating procedure " Author watches "  Real Housewives of New York " every Tuesday
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A helicopter crashed into an oil drilling platform off the coast of Dubai , killing all seven people on board , officials said Thursday . The helicopter which crashed was a Bell 212 , the same model as pictured above . Among the victims were an American and a Briton , said Hanan Moussa of the United Arab Emirates ' General Civil Aviation Authority . Also killed were two Indians , a Pakistani , a Filipino and a Venezuelan , Moussa said . The Bell 212 helicopter crashed Wednesday on the deck of an oil rig , then broke up and fell into the sea , said a spokesman for AeroGulf Services -- which operated the chopper . A fire broke out aboard the rig , located about 43 miles  70 km  off the coast of Dubai . The fire was quickly contained , the AeroGulf spokesman said . Authorities have launched an investigation into the cause of the crash . CNN 's Ammar Ben Aziz and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Helicopter crashes into an oil drilling platform off Dubai , killing seven people Victims were : American , British , Indian , Pakistani , Filipino and Venezuelan Bell 212 helicopter crashed on the deck of the oil rig
CNN  -- "  In my old school , they used to beat people . Like you have to bring firewood in school , carry the water and you have to carry all of that and you have to be there early in the morning . If you 're late , you 'll be given a punishment , you 'll be caned or sent home for a week . " The memories of 13-year-old Rebecca Ikiru are crystal clear as she considers what her life was like before meeting Lee and Carole Johnson . Five years ago , she was living in an orphanage in Lodwar , the largest city in northern Kenya , and she wanted a better education than her circumstances provided . "  I told them maybe if you take me to another school , maybe I can do better , " Ikiru recalls . It was her request for a better school that sparked a direct change in the lives of the Johnsons , who are Georgia natives . It all began with Lee Johnson 's first trip to Kenya as a volunteer . Eventually Carole joined him , and the pair spent time volunteering for the same orphanage where Ikiru lived . As their relationship with the children in Lodwar grew , so did their personal desire to help "  My husband and I both grew up in Georgia . My husband is from rural south Georgia , and I was from rural north Georgia , a very segregated society . We grew up during the Martin Luther King era , which changed our world . I never thought when I was a child growing up that I would ever be in , ever visit Africa much less come here as often as we do , " Carole Johnson says . The Johnsons came to love each one of the six children who later came into their guardianship and a part of Kenya Education for Youth . "  We were very concerned that as the children aged out of the orphanage that they would return to the same poverty that they came from , and along about this time , one of the older girls that we had a very close relationship with told us she wanted to go to a better school . So we looked at the public school that she went to and there were over 100 children in a classroom , " Carole Johnson says . "  We started looking into the schools for the children in Lodwar  Rebecca Ikiru , Monty Esibitar and Gershom Eurpe  that we thought would be good candidates , and about that time we met two other children  Ann Njoki and Cyrus Kirwa  who were extremely gifted . We just overnight had five children enrolled in Greensteads International School , which is in Nakuru . That was two years ago , and all five of the children are either competing  with  or exceeding the children of privilege who have been in this school for their entire education . " A sixth child , 10-year-old Beryl Mudeshi , was recently added and attends Mt. Kenya Academy , which is a day school in the same town . In the past year , she has blossomed academically and loves karate . "  I prayed to God that he might help me find a new school , a better one so that when I grow up , I can be a missionary and help the other children . I want to be a missionary because I just wanted to help the other kids how I was helped , " Beryl says . Beryl lived in rural Lodwar before meeting the Johnsons and now says her prayers were answered . "  The new school is good , it 's better , it 's awesome . " Carole Johnson feels that the personal attention each child receives from their K.E.Y. sponsor is the literal key to each child 's success . "  What we think really makes a difference is not just putting these children in a private school and seeing them and looking at test grades , but we feel it 's extremely important to provide mentors , people in the United States who care for these kids , who are willing to contact them either through e-mail , Facebook , other social media , visit , phone calls . We think that 's what sets this program apart . " Each of the K.E.Y. kids has a passion for learning . Beryl wants to become a missionary and help children like herself . Ann wants to be a forensic psychologist to better understand why people commit crimes . Gershom wants to make Kenya beautiful by becoming a civil engineer . Monty is passionate about aviation and wants to become a pilot . Rebecca would like to become a doctor . And Cyrus is planning to become a neurosurgeon . Carole Johnson says Kenya Education for Youth is committed to providing an education to each one , all the way through college graduation . High school seniors Ann and Cyrus are anxiously preparing for as their school year comes to an end . "  We 're testing some uncharted waters with the two older ones . We have schools in the U.S. that are interested in them , so at this point , we are perusing student visas , and they 'll be taking the SAT in January just to see where they can go . That does n't mean we would not consider university in Kenya , it just so happens that for both of them the education that they would need to pursue the vocation they want , they would have to go outside Kenya either to the UK or to the U.S. "  And these children , the two older ones in particular , have never had the benefit of a family , and we would very selfishly like to have them in Georgia schools so they could spend their breaks with us and be part of a family because that 's , I think in the end , what matters is to have the love . " "  We are a family . That is , yeah we come from far , we may be different biologically ; but living together we embrace each other , " Cyrus says with a smile . It 's a sentiment echoed by each child , including 15-year-old Monty . "  They 're like my brothers and sisters , like a family . " And 13-year-old Rebecca says , "  I feel like they are my mommy and my daddy . The way they take care of me -LSB- is -RSB- like I 'm their real daughter , and I 'm so happy for that . " It 's a love that crosses two continents , an ocean and cultural barriers with an aim to impact the world one child at a time .	Growing up , Georgia natives Lee and Carole Johnson never imagined they would visit Africa The couple first traveled to Kenya to volunteer with children at an orphanage The Johnson 's founded K.E.Y. to help the children transition to adulthood and out of poverty Providing high-quality education and personal mentors is central to the program 's mission
CNN  -- Reaction in French media to the national team crashing out of the World Cup has been unstintingly scathing on the players and embattled coach Raymond Domenech . Among the worst critic was Le Parisien newspaper , which described the team as : "  Pitiful , ridiculous , shameful . " "  It 's hard to find the words to describe the French team in this World Cup , " a leader in the paper said . It added there was a long list of people responsible for the "  fiasco , " but coach Raymond Domenech topped the list . Henry to meet Sarkozy over unrest "  Raymond Domenech ... with his incoherent selections , inability to mould a group and publicity skills that make him one of the most unpopular men in the country ... Laurent Blanc will arrive in a few days on to a field of ruins . What a waste , " the paper wrote . Pedro Pinto : Heads should roll for French farce For L'Equipe , the end came as a relief : "  That 's it . The French team turned a page Tuesday night , and truth be told , we were rather in a hurry to open another chapter , " France leading sport 's newspaper said . "  Domenech 's era ended on a field of ruins , topped off with another humiliation , this time , a defeat by a team classed 83rd in the world by FIFA . By their own fault , the French team , has not only exited the World Cup by the back door , but it has become the laughing stock of the world , " L'Equipe added . French football ends in a field of ruins screamed the headline on evening newspaper Le France Soir . "  We thought they had reached the very depths , but we were wrong , " the paper said . "  Swept away by Bafana , Bafana , the Blues did n't even have the spurt of pride hoped for . " "  Quick . Go away , " the paper urged the team .	French newspapers react to team crashing out of World Cup Pitiful , ridiculous , shameful , " screamed the headline on Le Parisien Most of the papers hold coach Raymond Domenech responsible for exit
CNN  -- Eddy Merckx was known as ` The Cannibal ' -- but there 's one man who 's determined to take a large bite out of his stage victories record . That man is Mark Cavendish -- the man who won Wednesday 's fifth stage of the Tour de France and took his tally of wins to 24 to move to within 10 of record holder Merckx . Merckx , a five-time winner of the Tour , won six stages in 1969 and 1972 , and eight in 1970 and 1974 during an illustrious career . He achieved the treble feat of winning the Giro d'Italia , Tour de France and World Championship Road Race in 1974 -- one of only two men to have done so . But his Tour record is under threat with British rider Cavendish quickly becoming a serious challenger . Cavendish came home just ahead of Team Sky 's Edvald Boasson Hagen and Cannodale 's Peter Sagan in Wednesday 's crash affected race . The Omega-Pharm rider , who won five stages at the Giro d'Italia looked in ominous form , despite suffering from a chest infection . "  I 'm still not 100 % after being ill last week , " he told reporters . "  But it 's good to get the account open here at the Tour de France . The morale is good in the team and the only way to make it better is by winning more stages . " Australia 's Simon Gerrans retained the leader 's yellow jersey following the 228.5 kilometer stretch -- the second longest stage of the Tour . The Orica-GreenEdge man was pleased with his day 's work -- despite teammate and main sprinter Matt Goss being held up by a crash 12 km from the finish . "  Today we had two objectives , " Gerrans told reporters . "  To try and win the stage and keep the yellow jersey within the team . "  Matt Goss got distanced on the final climb but I still have the yellow jersey on my shoulders and I managed to stay up the front and stay out of trouble . "	Mark Cavendish won the fifth stage of the 2013 Tour de France Cavendish has now won 24 stages -- 10 fewer than record holder Eddy Merckx Australia 's Simon Gerrans retained yellow jersey
CNN  -- Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif hailed his first one-on-one meeting Tuesday with India 's newly elected Prime Minister Narendra Modi as a "  historic opportunity " for the two nations . A firm but simple handshake had sent a message to the world on Monday that the heads of India and Pakistan were ready to talk . And talk they did on Tuesday , in a meeting at Hyderabad House , a former palace in New Delhi , that lasted almost 50 minutes . Briefing reporters after the encounter , Sharif described the meeting as "  good and constructive " and "  held in warm and cordial atmosphere . " Sharif said both countries should work to overcome their mutual mistrust , and that regional peace and stability were key to achieving their common goals of development . Sharif said he intended "  pick up the threads " of the Lahore Declaration , referring to a pledge both countries made in 1999 to cooperate more closely to ease tensions . The Pakistani premier also said that accusations and counter-accusations are not productive -- a comment on the regular political back-and-forth between their two nations . "  We agreed that our meeting should be a historic opportunity for both our countries , " he said . He added that he was "  very pleased " to be in New Delhi at Modi 's invitation , having flown in for his counterpart 's inauguration on Monday . Sharif was part of the biggest gathering of South Asian leaders ever assembled for an Indian prime minister 's swearing-in . Emotional response In a series of tweets posted after Monday 's inauguration ceremony , Modi revealed the two had exchanged remarks . Sharif "  shared some very emotional things , " Modi said , before recounting a rather strange story Sharif told him about how his mother became emotional while watching television images of Modi 's own mother offering him sweets . In an interview with Indian television station NDTV , Sharif was reported to have described his attendance at Modi 's inauguration as a "  great opportunity , a great moment . " "  He said that this strong mandate frees up leaders on both sides ... to actually turn a new page in the history of India and Pakistan , " NDTV 's Barkha Dutt said . Long dispute Relations have been strained between the two countries since 1947 , the year the Asian subcontinent partitioned into Islamic Pakistan and Hindu-majority India as it gained independence from British rule . In the decades since , they have fought a number of wars and clashed over Kashmir , an 86,000 square-mile region to the north . Efforts to agree a peace deal took a major step back in 2008 when Pakistani militants attacked the Indian city of Mumbai , killing more than 160 people in a series of co-ordinated assaults . In 2011 , the two countries agreed to return to the negotiating table and since then relations have continued to thaw . In 2012 , former President Asif Ali Zardari became the first Pakistani leader to visit India in seven years . He held talks with then Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who emerged from the 30-minute meeting saying both nations were willing to find "  practical and pragmatic " solutions to their differences . Zardari described the talks as "  fruitful . " Sharif is said to have expressed the same optimism for the countries ' relationship in his interview with NDTV on Monday . "  Both governments have a strong mandate . This could help in turning a new page in our relations , " Sharif told NDTV . "  We should remove fears , mistrust and misgivings about each other . Both countries should rid the region of instability and security that has plagued us for decades . " Modi 's meeting with Sharif is one of a series of bilateral meetings scheduled with regional leaders on his first day as India 's 15th prime minister .	NEW : Pakistan 's Nawaz Sharif says meeting with India 's Narendra Modi was warm , constructive NEW : The two prime ministers will try to overcome mistrust and work together , says Sharif NEW : Sharif : "  We agreed our meeting should be a historic opportunity for both our countries " The leaders shook hands on Monday at Modi 's inauguration
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's army said Sunday it has killed 60 "  terrorists " as it battles to wrest control of part of the country from the Taliban . Five soldiers were killed in the last 24 hours of the assault , the military said . Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud , pictured in November 2008 . But the Taliban claimed they had killed 68 Pakistani security forces in the last day . Pakistani Taliban spokesman Azam Tariq told CNN by phone that only one Taliban fighter had been killed and three injured in that time . He said the Taliban had killed the Pakistani troops with roadside bombs and in combat . He said the anti-government forces had "  huge quantities " of weapons "  which we got during the war against Russia and it is sufficient for us for many years , " he said , presumably referring to the Soviet Union 's 1979-1989 occupation of Afghanistan . Pakistani troops launched the massive ground offensive backed by air power this weekend in South Waziristan , a refuge and a power base for insurgents operating in Pakistan and along the Pakistani-Afghan border . The highly anticipated offensive comes after a wave of suicide attacks in Pakistan . It has prompted the exodus of tens of thousands of civilians , the U.N. refugee agency said . Although the offensive is not the first , it is the most important , military spokesman Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN , "  because we have concluded that this area has become the center of gravity of the problem . " Pakistan said it was not targeting civilians . "  In some areas , people  including women  raised white flags ; they were left off after search , " Pakistan said in a statement . One military official said Pakistani troops seized control of Kotkai , the home village of Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud , where Mehsud has lived with fellow Taliban commander Qari Hussein . Hussein is the mastermind of some of Pakistan 's deadliest suicide attacks . Airstrikes from jet fighters and helicopter gunships targeted militant hideouts in Kotkai and the villages of Badar , Barwand , and Khisur -- all strongholds of the Taliban and their late leader Baitullah Mehsud , another official told CNN . Watch how the offensive began " The officials asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media . Four Pakistani soldiers were killed and 12 others were wounded on the first day of the battle , the military said . The ground offensive in South Waziristan was launched Saturday morning after the military received clearance from the government , said Gen. Athar Abbas , the Pakistan military spokesman . He said the region 's eight entry and exit points have been sealed by troops . Asked by CNN about the potential that the Taliban militants might flee , Abbas said , "  there 's a huge presence of security forces in the area . " When the main arteries in and out of the area are closed and the militants ' freedom is restricted , "  I think half the battle is over for them , " he said . But the government does n't want help from U.S. drones , he said . "  The policy of the government is very clear , " Abbas said . " ... The government feels it does more harm than it helps . " A peace deal is not an option , according to Abbas . When militants lay down their arms and surrender , "  only then it will be accepted you are not fighting , " he said . Pakistani officials said about 10,000 to 15,000 militants linked to the Taliban or to al Qaeda operate in South Waziristan , a harsh terrain familiar to militants but difficult for others to navigate . About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers have moved into the epicenter of Taliban activity in the region to counter their activities , officials said . Elsewhere in Pakistan 's tribal region -- in the Mohmand Agency -- at least eight militants and one soldier were killed on Saturday when they exchanged gunfire near a military checkpost , the military said . For months , the military had been targeting militant hideouts in South Waziristan and other hotspots in Pakistan 's tribal areas . Earlier this year , troops launched a large operation targeting militants in the Swat Valley , in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . But despite these efforts , insurgents have continued to strike with relative impunity inside Pakistan , brazenly targeting government , police and security locations . The latest attack occurred Friday in the northern city of Peshawar , when a suicide car bomber detonated near a police station , killing 13 people -- most of them civilians . The recent wave of deadly attacks has raised concerns about the ability of Pakistan 's security forces to maintain control . The attacks heightened internal and international pressure on the government to take swift and effective action . On Thursday , U.S. President Barack Obama approved an additional $ 7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over the next five years . Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .	NEW : Help from U.S. drones not desired , Pakistani military says Official : Troops capture Kotkai , home village of Pakistani Taliban 's leader About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of Taliban activity Pakistan says 60 "  terrorists , " five troops killed in South Waziristan assault
FALLS CHURCH , Virginia  CNN  -- Michelle Mack has turned medical thinking upside down . The right side of Michelle Mack 's brain rewired itself to take over functions controlled by the left . Born with only half a brain , Mack can speak normally , graduated from high school and has an uncanny knack for dates . At 27 , doctors determined that the right side of her brain had essentially rewired itself to make up for function that was likely lost during a pre-birth stroke . But her childhood and young adult years were fraught with frustration . "  It was very hard for me , " Mack said . "  It was very hard for me growing up . No one knew the truth about my brain . " Mack 's parents , Carol and Wally , realized shortly after her birth that something was wrong . "  There was n't a group to turn to , " said Carol Mack . "  Michelle did n't have cerebral palsy , I knew that . She did n't have Down 's syndrome , I knew that . I had no place to turn . " Ten years ago , Dr. Jordan Grafman , chief of the Cognitive Neuroscience Section at the National Institutes of Health , finally diagnosed the problem . Watch how Mack 's brain healed itself " An MRI scan revealed she was missing nearly all the left side of her brain . While it was clear Mack has some problems , Grafman said he and the family were shocked by the extent of the damage . "  We were surprised to see the extent of the lesion in her brain , which basically took away the left side of her brain , " said Grafman . "  There 's some very deep structures remaining , but the surface of her brain , the cortex is 95 percent gone and some of the deeper structures , structures that control movement , are missing . These are all structures that are important for movement , behavior , cognition . " The only answer , Grafman said , was that Mack 's brain has rewired itself . The remaining half took over some of the essential functions that are normally done by the left , such as speaking and reading . That rewiring , however , came at a cost . "  Michelle has fairly normal language abilities , certainly basic language abilities , she can construct a sentence , she can understand instructions , she can find words when she 's talking , but actually she has some trouble in some aspects of visual-spatial processing , " said Grafman . "  It 's quite possible that in her learning , in her development , when the right hemisphere either took over or developed some of the language abilities that it cost her in some of the skills that are normally mediated by the right side of the brain , " added Grafman . In the 10 years since Grafman first diagnosed Mack , she has seen some intellectual functions improve , the doctor said . Recovery has not been perfect , however . Mack still struggles with abstract concepts and becomes easily lost in unfamiliar surroundings . The diagnosis explained why Mack had experienced a lifetime of difficulty controlling her emotions . "  He 's helped us understand the reason why I tend to throw fits , temper tantrums , " she said . "  It was because I was missing half my brain . " Mack will always have some problems , but dad Wally Mack said that Grafman 's diagnosis and treatment answered a lot of questions and gave him hope . "  Dr. Grafman explained that the right hemisphere is taking over , and it might take her a little while longer to get there with all the rewiring that has to take place , " he said . "  But that told us all these bad days are behind us and there are nothing but good days ahead . " Michelle Mack is now 37 and lives with her mother and father . She works from home doing data entry for her church . She is fairly independent , pays rent and can do most household chores . She realizes she 'll need help for the rest of her life but wanted to tell her story to make it clear that she is not helpless . "  I wanted to do this so people like producers , photographers and security guards and police officers learn about people like me , " she said , "  that I 'm normal but have special needs , and that there are a lot people like me , so that they could be more understanding . " CNN 's Campbell Brown contributed to this report .	Doctor : Lesion "  basically took away the left side " of Michelle Mack 's brain Right side of her brain essentially rewired itself to take over left-side functions She lost some language ability , emotional control because of the rewiring Mack 's message to the world : "  I 'm normal but have special needs "
CNN  -- "  Let me tell you a little about me . " "  Farouk1986 " introduced himself to a Muslim online community with these words in February 2005 . "  My name is Umar but you can call me Farouk , " the poster continues , detailing biographical information that appears to match the life of Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the 23-year-old Nigerian man accused of attempting to detonate an explosive on an international flight into Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day . The failed terror plot put airports on high alert and refocused American attention on al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which claimed responsibility for the attempted attack . Internet postings for Farouk1986 -- apparently a combination of his name and birth year -- reveal a young man who fought feelings of loneliness and struggled with balancing his life as a Muslim with the temptations of the secular world around him . He wrote about his desire to attend university , possibly in the United States , and his thoughts on love and marriage . Officials have not confirmed that Internet postings by Farouk1986 were made by AbdulMutallab , but the many detailed biographical points made by the poster match what has been reported about AbdulMutallab 's life . "  I will describe myself as very ambitious and determined , especially in the deen , " Farouk1986 wrote in February 2005 , referring to the Islamic way of life . The poster writes about being in boarding school , with possibilities of attending Stanford University or the University of California-Berkeley . Eventually , AbdulMutallab studied mechanical engineering at University College London . Besides being ambitious , Farouk1986 also described himself as lonely . "  First of all , I have no friend -LSB- s -RSB- , " he wrote in another online post with informal , imperfect grammar . "  Not because I do not socialise  sic  , etc but because either people do not want to get too close to me as they go partying and stuff while I do n't . or they are bad people who befriend me and influence me to do bad things . "  i have no one to speak too , no one to consult , no one to support me and i feel depressed and lonely . i do not know what to do . " Somewhere along the way , AbdulMutallab turned toward Islamic extremism . An FBI official said AbdulMutallab was included in the U.S. government 's Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , or TIDE , after his father warned the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria of his son 's hard-line beliefs and possible ties to militant Islamists . But his name was not pulled from that database and included on lists barring him from U.S.-bound aircraft . Part of the explosive device that failed to take down last week 's flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , was sewn into AbdulMutallab 's underwear , authorities said . A preliminary FBI analysis found the device contained pentaerythritol tetranitrate , an explosive also known as PETN . Investigators were having trouble determining what the accelerant AbdulMutallab allegedly tried to use to light the explosives because "  the syringe was pretty much destroyed , " a law enforcement source told CNN . All 300 passengers and crew onboard the Christmas Day flight have been interviewed by authorities , the source said , adding that he expected no one else to be held or charged in connection with the incident . Farouk1986 's online posts show that as early as 2005 , he had a serious view of his religion . One of his struggles , the poster wrote , was that the "  loneliness leads me to other problems . " Farouk1986 said after fasting , "  I felt a shield that prevented evil thoughts coming into my head . I felt closer to Allah . " Being lonely awakened sexual desires that he struggled to control , he said , sometimes "  leading to minor sinful activities like not lowering the gaze . " His religion instructed him to fast to avoid such temptation , but it did n't seem to be working , Farouk1986 said . In another online post soon afterward , though , he took his comment back . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine and CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Biographical details in posts by "  Farouk1986 " match reports of Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab 's life Posts reveal young man who struggled to balance Islam with temptations of the secular world "  i have no one to speak too , no one to consult , no one to support me ... i do not know what to do " AbdulMutallab is accused of attempting to detonate explosive on flight to U.S. on Christmas
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- In 1982 , they were young men serving their obligatory military service -- Argentine conscripts who fought against the British that year during the Falklands War . More than 25 years later , many of those former combatants are in a legal battle against their former officers , alleging torture , starvation and murder at the hands of their own military . An Argentine war cemetery near Darwin , Falklands . A lawsuit alleges officers killed some soldiers . A federal judge in the southernmost province of Tierra del Fuego , which under Argentine law claims jurisdiction over the Falkland Islands , recently ruled that the officers were responsible for crimes against humanity and human rights abuses . The testimony presented to Judge Lilian Herraez included accounts of a soldier who was shot to death by a corporal , four soldiers who starved to death , and 15 alleged cases of torture in which conscripts were staked to the ground as punishment , according to Argentine media reports . The Falkland Islands are a British territory located 670 miles  1,000 kilometers  from the coast of Argentina . Argentina has claimed sovereignty over the islands since they were occupied by the British in 1833 . The collective lawsuit by some 23 former conscripts garnered attention in a country that is divided over how to apply justice to the acts of the so-called Dirty War of the late 1970s and early 1980s , during which an estimated 9,000 to 30,000 people "  disappeared " under a military dictatorship . Argentina 's loss in the Falklands War is credited in part with creating the movement that ended military rule . A contentious point of the national debate is whether to prosecute former military officers . A long-standing law providing amnesty to former officers was repealed in 2001 . Against this backdrop came the ruling of Herraez , who considered the lawsuit that combined 80 allegations of human rights violations . She found the cases constituted crimes against humanity . Attorneys for the more than 70 officers and noncommissioned officers named in the lawsuit immediately appealed . They argue that a military court , not a civil court , should hear the case . "  This is a regrettable and interesting case , " Argentine legal analyst Ricardo Monner Sanz told CNN en Español . "  I say regrettable because it would 've been the best if it never had happened . Interesting , because it is a new look at the horrors that everyone knew Argentinean soldiers suffered , not at the hands of the British , but at the hands of their superiors . " Ernesto Alonso , who fought in the Falklands War as a conscript , said he witnessed many such abuses . "  Those who were supposed to protect us were in many cases our own executioners , " Alonso told CNN en Español . "  It was inconceivable that we denounce murders , torture and humiliation knowing that we were at war with a real enemy like the British . " The case is the biggest , but not the first that has levied accusations of human rights abuses against conscripts who fought in the Falklands War . In February , another federal judge ruled that the case of a soldier who had been staked to the ground at a military base in the days leading up the war was an act of torture and an abuse of his human rights , the Clarin newspaper reported . CNN en Español 's Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	Falklands War soldiers say officers tortured , starved and murdered Judge rules officers committed crimes against humanity , human rights abuses Law providing amnesty to former officers was repealed in 2001
CNN  -- The nation 's most visible budget battle was heavy on passion and light on legislative attendance Thursday as Wisconsin wrangled over a bill that would strip teachers and other public employees of most of their collective bargaining rights and cut their benefits . Republican Gov. Scott Walker called for 16 senators -- 14 of them Democrats -- to appear at the Capitol in Wisconsin for a vote on his bill . Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said the chamber will reconvene Friday . Senate Minority Leader Mark Miller said he and fellow Democrats had left Madison because they were "  trying to allow opportunity for democracy to work . " "  We will return and do our job , but the governor has to do his job , " Miller said . He noted their return is contingent on changes to the controversial legislation . Walker called on the absent lawmakers to return to Madison "  out of respect for the institution of the Legislature and the democratic process . " "  Their actions by leaving the state and hiding from voting are disrespectful to the hundreds of thousands of public employees who showed up to work today and the millions of taxpayers they represent , " Walker said . CNN affiliates WREX and WTVO reported that several of the AWOL lawmakers fled to Rockford , Illinois . And while the legislators skipped town , thousands of people came to Madison to protest the bill for a third day , including many teachers , who stand to be strongly affected by the bill . Demonstrators spilled into the state 's Capitol building , chanting , "  This is our house " and "  Forward not backward , " voicing their opposition to the bill . The Madison Metropolitan School District canceled classes for the third day Friday , because of anticipated staff absences . Showdowns over local and state budgets -- hurt by lower tax revenues and other trends of the economic downturn , including federal budget cuts -- are occurring from California to New York . "  There are some tough decisions that are going to have to made on the revenue side and the spending side , " said Elizabeth McNichol , senior fellow at the Washington-based Center on Budget and Policy Priorities . -- A month after Illinois lawmakers approved a massive tax hike , Gov. Pat Quinn on Wednesday unveiled a $ 35.4 billion budget that depends on state lawmakers approving $ 8.7 billion in new borrowing largely to clear a towering stack of unpaid bills . -- In New York , Mayor Michael Bloomberg presented budget plans Thursday that could eliminate more than 6,000 teaching jobs in the next fiscal year . -- Last month , the mayor of crime-ridden Camden , New Jersey , announced layoffs of nearly half of the city 's police force and close to a third of its fire department . -- In California , Gov. Jerry Brown imposed a statewide hiring freeze across all government agencies . Thirty-five U.S. states and Puerto Rico reported projected budget shortfalls for fiscal year 2012 totaling $ 82.1 billion , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . "  As most federal stimulus dollars will have been exhausted , a common phrase we hear from states across the country is that ` we 're very much on our own this year , ' " said Arturo Perez , a budget analyst for the conference . State revenues are -- at the national average -- 11 % below pre-recession levels largely because of high unemployment and other effects of the economic downturn , McNichol said . "  People are out of work and not buying as much , " McNichol noted . With fewer budget contributions that , in part , stem from the higher unemployment numbers , public-sector services and long-standing contractual obligations could suffer , she explained . The budget battle is somewhat unique in heavily unionized Wisconsin , where collective bargaining began . Many workers do n't take kindly to what they see as a frontal assault on workers ' rights . Walker , who says the state is in a crisis , is asking legislators to pass his Budget Repair Bill to combat a $ 137 million shortfall through June 30 . An upcoming two-year budget for 2011-13 must address a pending $ 3.6 billion deficit , he said . But the state 's Legislative Fiscal Bureau -- similar to the federal government 's Congressional Budget Office -- reported last month that tax cuts passed late last year by Wisconsin 's newly elected , Republican-led legislature had helped add more than $ 200 million to the state 's budget shortfall . The legislation requires workers to cover more of their health care premiums and pension contributions , although supporters say local governments will decide on health care contribution for their employees . Pay raises would be limited to inflation , unless a referendum approves of a larger increases , and collective bargaining could cover only wages . The legislation also requires collective bargaining units to conduct annual votes to maintain certification , a costly procedure , and eliminates the right of unions to have dues deducted from worker paychecks . "  Calling this a budget bill is a smokescreen , " said Bryan Kennedy , president of AFT-Wisconsin , which represents about 17,000 employees . "  This is an attack on all labor organizations . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said President Barack Obama described the bill as "  more like an assault on unions " and their capacity for collective bargaining . "  He does n't see that as a good thing , " Carney said . "  The president believes , the secretary of education believes that the best way to deal with this is for people to address these problems by sitting down at the table to collaborate and work out a solution . " But House Republicans -- many of whom were elected on budget-cutting campaigns -- have commonly taken a stricter stance on government spending and collective bargaining . "  Republicans in Congress -- and reform-minded GOP governors like Scott Walker , John Kasich and Chris Christie -- are daring to speak the truth about the dire fiscal challenges Americans face at all levels of government , " House Speaker John Boehner said in a written statement . A spokeswoman for the Wisconsin Education Association Council said the issue "  goes far beyond what 's being discussed as a budget . " "  It affects the very people who work on the front lines who will no longer have a voice in workplace , " said union spokeswoman Christina Brey . The legislation would save the state about $ 30 million between now and the end of June and , if continued , an estimated $ 300 million during the next two years , Walker has said . He said workers in the private sector pay higher percentages of their pay for health care and pensions . . CNN 's David Ariosto and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Madison school district cancels classes for third straight day 16 Wisconsin state senators did not appear at the capitol for a scheduled vote House Speaker John Boehner says Walker is daring to speak the truth Opponents say the governor 's budget is a union-busting tactic
CNN  -- It might not be the term that Republican Party leaders prefer , but Sen. Rand Paul had a choice word about the GOP 's brand : It "  sucks . " While in Michigan on Wednesday spreading his message about building a more inclusive party , Paul -- as he has many times before -- acknowledged that Republicans need to collectively improve their image . "  Remember Domino 's Pizza ? They admitted , ` Hey , our pizza crust sucks . ' The Republican Party brand sucks and so people do n't want to be a Republican and for 80 years , African-Americans have had nothing to do with Republicans , " the Kentucky Republican said , according to The Hill . His comments came in remarks at a GOP field office in a predominantly black neighborhood in Detroit . The Domino 's analogy is a staple in his speeches about broadening the party 's appeal , but he has n't been quite as candid in his use of language . Earlier this month , Paul told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that "  the biggest mistake " Republicans have made in the past several decades is not aggressively courting African-American votes . It 's a message he 's been carrying for the past year as he lays the groundwork for a likely presidential campaign . He told Politico recently he thinks Republicans can win a third or more of the African-American vote in 2016 if the party embraces his method of advocating for education and criminal justice reform among other efforts to address poverty and unemployment . "  We 're also fighting 40 years of us doing a crappy job , of Republicans not trying at all for 40 years , so it 's a lot of overcoming , " he said Wednesday . "  You got to show up , you got to have something to say and really we just have to emphasize that we 're trying to do something different . " Following Mitt Romney 's 2012 presidential loss , in which he carried only 6 % of the black vote , the Republican National Committee has also attempted to retool its outreach by opening up multiple offices in urban areas and hiring more staff specifically tasked with targeting African-American voters .	Rand Paul says the Republican Party 's brand "  sucks " He says the party makes African-Americans feel unwelcome
CNN  -- The mother of missing Maine toddler Ayla Reynolds on Tuesday disclosed new details about purported blood evidence discovered in the home where the 20-month-old was reported missing December 17 , 2011 . Trista Reynolds told CNN that police shared the information with her in confidence last January , but in revealing details of that information now , she says she felt it was time "  to let the world know " about it . "  What I thought right off my head was it was a murder scene , " Reynolds told CNN in a network exclusive interview , referring to police photographs . "  There was just like Ayla 's blood ... everywhere , " she added . Reynolds told CNN she was shown photographs of what appeared to be her daughter 's blood discovered on the child 's slippers and on a doll in her bedroom , and a silver-dollar-sized stain on a living room sofa . Mother reveals secret evidence In the basement , where Ayla 's father , Justin DiPietro , slept , Reynolds says police allegedly found more of Ayla 's blood and on the walls , the floor , in a "  fist-sized stain " on the mattress and sheets , on the tongue of DiPietro 's sneakers and on a wood pallet leaning against a wall . An additional spot of what appeared to be Ayla 's blood was found on a child 's car seat in DiPietro 's vehicle . Reynolds said police showed her some photographs of purported blood stains visible in the photos only because of chemical called luminal . She said those images in particular were so disturbing , she could bear to see only a few . "  I had to actually ... I shut it off . I asked them to stop . And there were three or four more pictures that they wanted to show me , and I just ... I. . . I could n't , " she told CNN , her voice trailing off . Publicly , Maine State Police investigators said in January 2012 , that they had identified Ayla 's blood in the basement , describing it as "  more ... than a small cut would produce . " According to Ayla 's mother , she is making the disclosures in frustration that her daughter has n't been found , and she wants three adults who were in the home when Ayla vanished -- the child 's father , his girlfriend , and his sister -- arrested . Reynolds posted details of the information police shared with her on her website devoted to her missing daughter . "  All three of those people were in that house that night ... all three of them know what happened to Ayla , and all three of them should be prosecuted for it , " Reynolds told CNN . DiPietro and his family maintain Ayla was abducted . Is Ayla dead ? Police say there is no evidence of an abduction from the house , which belongs to DiPietro 's mother . They 've also said they do n't think Ayla will be found alive . Over time , authorities have repeatedly said they believe there was foul play and that the adults who were home that night have n't told everything they know . "  I 've said it in the past , their versions do n't pass the ` straight-face test . ' That statement stands , " Maine State Police spokesman Steve McCausland recently told CNN . DiPietro 's mother and Ayla 's grandmother , Phoebe DiPietro , stands by her son . "  Everyone 's standards for what is or is n't believable is different , " DiPietro said . She would n't comment on the alleged blood evidence . "  Trista can say and do what she wants , " Phoebe DiPietro wrote in a statement provided to CNN . "  We choose to hold on to hope that Ayla will be found , " she added . McCausland said because of the ongoing investigation , which he describes as the biggest in state history , he wo n't comment one way or another on Trista Reynolds 's disclosures including whether they 're accurate or could adversely impact the investigation . "  We understand her frustration . Trista has a right to be frustrated . She is Ayla 's mom . At times during the past 21 months we 're frustrated too , " McCausland explained , "  but we remember who we are working for . And we 're working for Ayla . And that reinvigorates the investigative team . " Organized by supporters of Ayla 's mother , an online petition drive has been mounted urging Maine Attorney General Janet Mills to arrest Ayla 's father , his sister , and girlfriend in connection with the toddler 's disappearance . But Deputy Attorney General William Stokes said that is not how investigations are conducted . "  To allow this type of pressure to influence either the investigation or prosecution undermines the integrity of the investigation or any prosecutor 's decision in the future , " Stokes tells CNN . "  It simply can not happen . " Items that might be linked to case recovered	Toddler Ayla Reynolds was reported missing December 17 , 2011 The mother of the 20-month old tells CNN of details about purported evidence Reynolds says she was shown photographs of what appeared to be her daughter 's blood The photos were taken in the house Ayla shared with her father and other relatives
CNN  -- Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro became the second player in the world 's top 10 to withdraw from the French Open when a viral infection ruled him out of Sunday 's championships in Paris . The world No. 7 revealed that the virus had affected him when losing to Frenchman Benoit Paire in last week 's Rome Masters . The 24-year-old 's withdrawal follows that of world No. 2 Andy Murray , who pulled out of the year 's second grand slam with a back injury . "  This is a tough blow , because these are the events you dream of winning , " said del Potro , who won the U.S. Open in 2009 , on the ATP website . "  Now I must get over this disappointment and recover completely in order to prepare at 100 % for the tests to come . " The virus affecting Del Potro had prompted the tall right-hander to miss recent tournaments in Portugal and Madrid , and he returned in Italy with the hope of being able to compete at the French Open . Despite his exit in the third round , he will always remember his time in the Italian capital after meeting with the Pope , a fellow Argentine , last week -- an experience del Potro said he would "  never forget " . Del Potro reached the semifinals of Roland Garros in 2009 and the quarterfinals last year -- only to be beaten by Roger Federer on both occasions . He was joined in withdrawing from next week 's event by former world number seven Mardy Fish , who is now ranked 41st in the world , and fellow American Brian Baker -- whose absences had been expected . Also on Wednesday , Caroline Wozniacki 's terrible 2013 continued when the number one seed was beaten in straight sets by China 's Zheng Jie at the Brussels Open . The former world number one from Denmark is on a terrible recent run of form , having now added a first round exit in Brussels to those suffered in Italy , Spain and Germany in the last month alone . The latest loss was all the more humbling given that Zheng had been on court four hours earlier to see off American qualifier Mallory Burdette in the first round . Wozniacki , who had received a bye into the second round , was beaten by Zheng 's aggressive tactics with the Chinese hitting twice as many winners as the Dane  34 to 17  . "  She 's a very tough player and fought until the last point , " Zheng was quoted as saying by the Women 's Tennis Association website . "  I 'm so happy I could win this match . We 've played many times before and she 's always so tough to beat . "  But she 's also a very nice person , ever since she was a junior . I 'm very proud and this gives me a lot of confidence . " Zheng will play Romina Oprandi of Switzerland in the quarterfinals , while Wozniacki must work out how to rediscover the form that took her to April 's Indian Wells final ahead of Sunday 's French Open .	Virus forces Juan Martin del Potro out of French Open Argentine says illness enforced absences in Portugal and Spain Former world no. 1 Wozniacki suffers another first round exit
CNN  -- After days of mass demonstrations , Egypt 's military finally ousted Mohamed Morsy , the country 's first democratically elected president , in the country 's second revolution in two years . Morsy , a Western-educated Islamist aligned with the Muslim Brotherhood movement , had rejected an ultimatum delivered by the military to resolve the crisis within 48 hours , creating a stand-off with the military , the most powerful institution in the country . In a televised speech to the nation , Egypt 's top military officer , Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi , said Morsy "  did not achieve the goals of the people " during his single year in office . Who runs Egypt now ? El-Sisi said Adly Mansour , head of the country 's Supreme Constitutional Court , would replace Morsy as interim president and Mansour was sworn in on Thursday . The road map announced by El-Sisi also includes suspending and rewriting the constitution introduced after former dictator Hosni Mubarak 's ouster , and holding new parliamentary and presidential elections at a later , unspecified date . At his swearing in ceremony , Mansour said the Egyptian people had given him the authority "  to amend and correct " the 2011 revolution . Who is Adly Mansour ? The 67-year-old judge only became the head of Egypt 's Supreme Constitutional Court on Monday , and was named as the country 's new interim president just two days later . He was appointed vice president of the court in 1992 , serving during Mubarak 's nearly 30-year rule . CNN 's chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour said that , according to one former military official , Mansour could serve between 9 to 12 months in an interim role . PROFILE : Adly Mansour How have the Egyptian people reacted ? The news has been met with jubilation and fireworks in Tahrir Square in central Cairo , where hundreds of thousands had turned out in recent days demanding Morsy leave office . Their complaints ranged from concerns about the Muslim Brotherhood 's Islamic agenda being brought to bear on the nation 's laws , to frustration with his government 's failure to address high unemployment , crime and living costs . But Morsy , who was elected as president with 52 % of the vote last year , retains a substantial support base , which has congregated at rallies in places like Nasr City in Cairo . The pro-Morsy camp has decried the army 's move as an illegitimate coup and refused to accept its validity , while Morsy himself has declared that he is still president . CNN senior international correspondent Ben Wedeman , a former Cairo bureau chief who has been covering the crisis , said one protester at a pro-Morsy rally had told him he felt demonstrators would stay there "  until Mohamed Morsy is once again president of Egypt . " Despite the euphoria in Tahrir , said Wedeman , "  There 's a significant portion of the Egyptian population -- I would n't suggest it 's a majority -- who are very upset at what has happened . " As news of the coup broke , clashes were reported throughout the country , with at least eight killed and 340 wounded . Political violence had rocked the country in the days leading up to the military takeover . How are Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood being treated ? The deposed president was arrested by presidential guards at their headquarters , and is being held under house arrest and "  basically cut  off  from the world , " Muslim Brotherhood spokesman Gehad El-Haddad told CNN . "  They cut all his access , all his calls . No one is meeting him , " he said . According to reports , the military has also begun rounding up members of the Muslim Brotherhood , the long-repressed political movement that propelled the deposed president to office . State-run newspaper Al-Ahram reported 300 members of the Muslim Brotherhood were being sought by police , and El-Haddad said the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party chief , Saad el-Katatni , and his deputy , Rashad Al-Bayoumi , had been arrested . Has anyone else been affected in the crackdown ? Arabic satellite network Al Jazeera reported its Cairo studios were raided during a live broadcast and its presenter , guests and producers detained , after broadcasting a taped statement from Morsy . How is Morsy 's Islamist base likely to respond ? Morsy has called for dialogue and appealed to his supporters to demonstrate peacefully , but observers fear the army 's actions could trigger a violent response . Wedeman said there was a danger that some members of the Muslim Brotherhood would become disenfranchised and "  challenge  Egypt 's new leaders  with violence . They may take the attitude of ` we tried to play the game , our leaders were jailed , our media have been shut down ... so we 're going to destroy the system , ' " he said . He felt the mood appeared more volatile than after Mubarak 's ouster in 2011 . "  There 's not going to be that quiet after the storm this time around , " he said . Mohammed Ayoob , Michigan State University professor emeritus of international relations , wrote an opinion piece for CNN.com warning of a potential extremist backlash to the coup . "  The major lesson that Islamists in the Middle East are likely to learn from this episode is that they will not be allowed to exercise power no matter how many compromises they make in both the domestic and foreign policy arenas . " He added : "  This is likely to push a substantial portion of mainstream Islamists into the arms of the extremists who reject democracy and ideological compromise . " Telling CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the pro-Morsy protests would remain on the streets , Muslim Brotherhood spokesman El-Haddad reiterated his movement 's commitment to non-violence , but hinted at the frustrations felt by his camp . "  At the end of the day , we are committed to democracy and to peaceful change of power . But if the road to democracy every time ... gets derailed ... what other option are the people left with ? " What has been the reaction internationally ? U.S. President Barack Obama has expressed his country 's "  deep concern " over the toppling of a democratically elected leader and the suspension of the constitution , and said he would instruct officials to review aid contributions to Egypt as a result . But as CNN 's Jake Tapper pointed out , Obama 's statement was telling in that he did not use the word "  coup , " and in that he called on the Egyptian military to restore power to "  a democratically elected civilian government " -- but not explicitly Morsy 's . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also called for a quick return to civilian rule , appealing for "  calm , non-violence , dialogue and restraint . " By contrast , Saudi Arabia and the UAE both issued statements congratulating the Egyptian military for their actions . ` Correction ' or ` coup ' ? The military 's actions have been decried as a coup by Morsy supporters but celebrated as a "  correction " and an expression of the popular will by his opponents . The issue of definition is critical , as Amanpour pointed out , with ramifications in terms of how the international community responds to the situation . But , she said , "  if it 's proven and true that they 're running around issuing arrest warrants for all these people , attacking and closing down various media outlets , there 's very little you can call it other than a coup . "  As one analyst said to me ... no matter what it 's called ... it 's umpired by the army ... It 's the army in charge no matter who they put there  in charge  . " The situation was "  a paradox , " she added . "  Here you have the first elected government -- which obviously did n't perform as the people wanted -- now being drummed out by the military called upon by so many millions of Egyptians . "	Morsy ousted after rejecting army ultimatum to resolve the crisis within 48 hours Christiane Amanpour : "  There 's very little you can call it other than a coup " Some analysts are warning of a potential extremist backlash against recent events Ben Wedeman : "  There 's not going to be that quiet after the storm this time around "
A suicide attack north of Mosul , Iraq , on Saturday killed at least 36 people and wounded 48 others , authorities said . The bomber , wearing an explosive vest , blew himself up at a funeral of a member of the Shabak , an ethnic minority group , in the outskirts of Mosul in northern Iraq . The Shabak people are Muslims , and 65 % of them are Shiite , with the remaining 35 % Sunni . The attack took place in Baashiqa , whose majority is Shiite Shabak . The Shabak people number about 250,000 in Nineveh province and have their own language , Shabaki , as well as style of dress . The attack was the latest violence in a country torn by sectarian conflict . On Friday , a bomb hidden in an air-conditioning duct killed 30 Sunni worshipers and wounded 52 others in a mosque near Baquba , Iraq , which is about 37 miles  60 kilometers  northeast of Baghdad .	At least 36 are killed and 48 injured A suicide bomber detonates his explosive vest at a funeral of a Shabak member Shabaks are an ethnic minority who are 65 % Shiite and 35 % Sunni
Washington  CNN  -- A man apparently jumped to his death Saturday over a fourth-floor railing at the National Museum of the American Indian , a Smithsonian spokesman said . The man went over the railing and fell to the ground of the museum 's atrium , according to John Gibbons , a Smithsonian spokesman . Security staff responded immediately , calling for backup and blocking off the area , he added . Several hundred visitors were evacuated from the museum -- which sits on one end of the Mall , near the U.S. Capitol building . It is expected to reopen Sunday , at its normal time , according to Gibbons . The district 's Metropolitan Police Department is investigating the man 's death .	A man dies after at the National Museum of the American Indian , spokesman says He apparently jumped over railing , adds the Smithsonian spokesman The museum was evacuated after the incident
CNN  -- Kids are shuffled through numerous teachers , classrooms and schools during their educational career . Some will rack up a thick file of issues , while others will leave no mark , positive or negative , at all . Often in the current system , learning disabilities are not always caught , special talents overlooked , and students fall between the cracks . But in the future , schools could use tracking software and analytics tools to improve education . They will gather information about how a student performs and learns , discovering patterns , problems and promise that would otherwise get lost from year-to-year , if they 're noticed at all . Information gathered about each student could become part of a larger data set used to learn what lessons and methods are working or failing across an entire school system . Smart classrooms that learn about students are just one of the major technological advancements IBM thinks we 'll see in the near future . IBM has been predicting futuristic trends since 2005 , releasing annual year-end lists of five technologies that it thinks will come to fruition in the next half decade . This year , most of the predictions are optimistic takes on what can be accomplished when the medical industry , governments , schools and computer systems gather and analyze unprecedented amounts of data about people , from their behavior and patterns as groups over time all the way down to a single person 's DNA . A school that learns about its students to provide a more effective education . A city that improves public services based on citizens behaviors , schedules and movements . A digital assistant that monitors your health or improves your online security . Customized medical treatments based on an individual 's DNA . And a return to local , in-person shopping by bringing customizing technology into brick and mortar stores . "  it is important that people stop and take a little bit of time to look at the stuff that 's going to move the needle for society , " said Bernie Meyerson , IBM 's vice president of innovation , who heads up the project , called 5 in 5 . Meyerson , who has been at IBM for 34 years , starts by looking at common ideas and unifying themes across various industries to identify common threads . In the eight years the company has been doing the project , Meyerson predicts it has had a hit rate of around 50 percent . Many of the past predictions had a positive social angle , like a new chemical formula that could make it easier to dispose of plastic , or making recycling a profitable venture for cities . Some are continuing to take off , like the emergence of telemedicine . Others , like computers that can smell , might never make it to the mainstream . 1 . Can smarter schools make smarter kids ? This year , Meyerson is most excited about the classrooms of the future . IBM is already testing out big data in schools with a program in a Georgia public school district serving 170,000 students . The project aims to improve graduation rates by tracking everything a student does -- including attendance , test scores , how they interact with electronic content , and what they are being taught in the classroom -- and suggesting improvements to tailor their educations . "  The education system works for you , it actually learns about you as time goes . I think that 's a tremendous plus , " said Meyerson . 2 . Self-correcting cities Cities are also in a unique position to gather data about people 's daily lives . They can use technology to learn more about the behaviors and needs of large numbers of people densely packed into small geographic areas . For example , a city could determine the volume of people waiting on a train platform at any given time and instantly make small adjustments to the train schedules to ease congestion and delays . Mobile devices could increase participation in local government , with people reporting issues , communicating with politicians and make their voices heard far more effectively online than if they were in town hall meetings . Online petition sites such as Change.org and digital bullhorns like Twitter are already having an impact on local politics . 3 . It sees you when you 're sleeping , it knows when you 're awake On the personal level , IBM thinks "  digital guardians " will emerge in the next five years . A program can learn everything about your online habits to confirm your identity and better detect when something is amiss . If you suddenly start uploading large volume of personal and financial data to a server in Eastern Europe , it might deduce that you have been hacked . The same technique can be used offline , using data collected from sensors in smartphones and wearable technology to monitor you physical activity and health . The accelerometer in your smartphone can detect a loss in motor control and set off an alarm to summon medical help . "  It literally creates an image of you . It knows who you are and what you do and how you behave , " said Meyerson . 4 . Medical treatment tailored to your DNA Doctors take your vitals , flip though a manila envelope filled with a paper history of your previous visits and run tests to decide on the best treatment . IBM predicts that in the future , computers will be able to see exactly how a treatment will affect an individual based on detailed medical records that include detailed information , including DNA . People have different reactions to drugs and treatments , and this would cut down on the amount of time spent figuring out the best course through trial and error . The company is already working with health care partners on systems that will learn about patients over time and , eventually , take this type of health care to the cloud so doctors anywhere could benefit from the data . 5 . Local shopping stages a comeback No matter how fast and free Amazon Prime shipping is , physical store still have a place in our lives . They might even see a resurgence in the future by adopting some of the technology their online siblings have fine tuned . "  There 's a certain category of product , and it is nontrivial , where there 's a lot of resistance to doing something online without first getting your hands on it , " said Meyerson . The futuristic experience starts with opting in and sharing more information about yourself , like your buying patterns over time . Walk in to your local store and it will know exactly what you 're looking for -- what products you usually buy at a certain time of year or the week , favorite brands , allergies , that you love cheddar but would never touch American cheese . The store employees could make recommendations based on your past interests . The future is already here Whether you think the ideas are creepy or brilliant , they are already on the way . These innovations are not just far-off fantasies , they 're already starting to be developed and used in the real world , though still in early stages . The issues associated with governments , doctors and companies collecting increasing amounts of person data are also already in the spotlight . In the past year , there has been an uptick in awareness about what personal information is being collected about us and how it can be used by corporations hoping to make more money and by law enforcement . IBM 's predictions focus on the other side of bulk data collection : more efficient systems tailored to keep people safe and healthy , encourage civic engagement and improve public services , help kids perform better in school , and support local businesses .	Governments and companies will collect personal data to improve services and schools IBM released a list of five innovations it thinks will take off in the next five years Smart schools that learn about students and cities that learn about citizens will emerge
You do n't have to be strictly a man or a woman on Facebook anymore . In a nod to the "  it 's complicated " sexual identities of many of its users , the social network on Thursday added a third "  custom " gender option for people 's profiles . In addition to Male or Female , Facebook now lets U.S. users choose among some 50 additional options such as "  transgender , " "  cisgender , " "  gender fluid , " "  intersex " and "  neither . " Users also now have the ability to choose the pronoun they 'd like to be referred to publicly : he/his , she/her , or the gender-neutral they/their . "  When you come to Facebook to connect with the people , causes , and organizations you care about , we want you to feel comfortable being your true , authentic self , " Facebook said in a post on its Diversity page . "  An important part of this is the expression of gender , especially when it extends beyond the definitions of just ` male ' or ` female , ' " the post continued . "  So today , we 're proud to offer a new custom gender option to help you better express your own identity on Facebook . " Facebook said it worked with a group of leading lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender advocacy organizations to come up with the new gender categories . "  Facebook users from across the country have been asking for the ability to reflect their gender accurately , and today Facebook showed they have been listening , " said Allison Palmer , a former GLAAD vice president , who worked on the project with Facebook . To edit your gender status  or other personal information  , Facebook offers these instructions : Go to your Timeline  which we sometimes refer to as your profile  . Click Update Info at the bottom of your cover photo . Click Edit in the top right of the section you 'd like to change .  The new gender options are only accessible within an autocomplete drop-down menu , so you have to begin typing to see them appear . Enter your new info and click Save . Among other new gender options identified on Facebook so far : Trans Female , Trans Male , Trans Person , Gender Variant , Gender Questioning , Bigender , Androgynous , Pangender and Transsexual . Facebook also tweaked its privacy settings to let users control with whom they share their custom gender . Reaction on social media Thursday was largely positive , although some people joked they would need a dictionary to look up many of the gender-identity terms . The social network did not say Thursday when the new gender options might be available to users outside the U.S.	Facebook on Thursday added new gender options for people 's profiles U.S. users can now choose options such as "  transgender " and "  intersex " The move was hailed by LGBT advocacy groups
CNN  -- There are few Olympians who can say they redefined their sport , but that is what former Soviet gymnast Olga Korbut did at the 1972 and 1976 Olympics . She won balance beam , floor exercises and team competition gold as well as silver in the uneven bars at the Munich Games , and then team competition gold and balance beam silver four years later in Montreal . But she will be forever remembered for her "  Korbut flip " -- a move so original and so groundbreaking that gymnastics would never be the same again . The maneuver involved standing upright on the upper uneven bar mid-routine and executing a backflip , catching the upper bar from underneath it -- a move that has since been made illegal in accordance with the Olympic gymnastics Code of Points . When she first performed the flip , at the age of 17 during a stunning routine at Munich , she was only awarded a score of 9.8 , causing the onlooking crowd to go wild , jeering and booing at the judges for several minutes . "  I always wanted to try something different , we tried a lot of things , " Korbut told CNN at London 's Royal Opera House . "  When you 're doing something things just happen -- like going back from the high bar to the low bar . That 's how it worked . " "  After me , no one else did it . It had a risky element -- I had brought to gymnastics new gymnastics , new elements , not acrobatics . It is a mistake when it is said I brought acrobatics to the event . " Game-changing Many of the moves which are now integral to modern gymnastics can be credited to Korbut 's influence . Pre-Munich , much emphasis had been placed on poise and elegance , while older and more experienced gymnasts made up the majority of the competition . Now the sport is more dynamic with its participants primarily comprising youngsters that are on the cusp of adulthood , like Gabrielle Douglas of the United States -- the 4 foot 11 inch 16-year-old , who has won two gold medals in London at her first Games . "  If you see my routine from 1972 there 's a lot of choreography , a lot of grace , and just a couple of new elements , " said the 57-year-old Korbut , who acquired the nickname "  The Sparrow from Minsk " after her first Olympic appearance . "  I was inspired by no one . I 'm serious . It was the 1960s , we did n't have TV -- I was just born into gymnastics . " Human to Hero : Nadia Comaneci - Olympic gymnastics ' first perfect 10 Following a post-gymnastics career as a teacher and divorce after a 23-year marriage to a Belorussian folk singer , Korbut now lives in the U.S. , which explains her calm , confident English . Her Munich routine might have been performed 40 years ago but the preparation she underwent to come so close to perfection is still ingrained in her memory . "  I did n't have a specific preparation . I just did it over and over again , " Korbut recalled . "  You would just concentrate on what you 've been doing for decades , and then show in just a moment what you 've prepared for years and years . "  And of course , you still enjoy it . When you touch the equipment ... that 's it -- you 're in . " An inspiration If much credit is given to Korbut 's complex moves on the beam and bars for revolutionizing the sport , she also helped inspire a whole new generation of gymnasts . "  When I became famous for my gymnastics , it brought a lot of people to the gym , a lot of people having to pay money , " she said . "  They were very talented , but money stopped the talented people attending gym . Unfortunately that was where it ended . Usually poor people have more of a hunger to work , I 've seen it in life . " Forbes has estimated that the annual cost of an under-18 training program to be an Olympic-level gymnast is $ 15,000 , which requires gymnasts to either have parents with very deep pockets or be willing to make huge financial sacrifices . How Gabby Douglas charted her own destiny But , if gymnasts can transcend those financial cost , there are other great rewards to be had . "  You know what ? " says Korbut , "  to be in the Olympics is good , but to truly compete is great . It takes courage and hard work to compete . Everybody is a winner , I could n't pick a best . Everyone who competes is great . " "  The Olympic Journey : The Story of the Games " is an exclusive exhibition running from July 28 to August 12 at the Royal Opera House in London .	Former Soviet gymnast Olga Korbut helped redefine the sport She won three Olympics gold medals in 1972 and one in 1976 She even has her own maneuver named after her -- the "  Korbut flip " Korbut is one of 20 Olympic greats honored at a new exhibition
CNN  -- International aid workers scrambling to get into Haiti face a series of obstacles , from an airport that is already overwhelmed to blocked roads and a lack of communication , electricity , food and water . And , as if that were n't enough , they will encounter a serious crime problem , a veteran disaster relief specialist told CNN . "  Security now in this particular crisis has already been raised as a major , major issue , " said Paul Sherlock , a senior humanitarian representative for Oxfam . "  If you 'd been in Haiti 25 years ago , even in Papa Doc 's time , it was a pretty nasty dictatorship , and lots of people were killed . But infrastructure and services worked better then than they do now , " he said . Francois "  Papa Doc " Duvalier was president from 1957 to 1971 . "  It was safer to use public transport then than it was last year , certainly in terms of crime , " he said . "  Over the last 10 , 15 , 20 years , the gangs and the drug culture have taken hold of Haiti , and that is why over the last four to five years , the United Nations has been trying to administer security in the capital and all the provincial cities as well , " he said . Nongovernmental organization workers "  have not been using public transport or taxis because of the security risk they face . International aid workers certainly did n't . " Aid workers on their way to Haiti now are not sure how to ensure their safety , he said . Some are "  probably using U.N. military as escorts , but many NGOs are uncomfortable using any military escort . They have been going to the police , but I do n't know , after what has happened , whether the police are in any better position to provide it . " Security is n't the only thing that has deteriorated in Haiti over the past few decades . The Organization for American States put it starkly when launching a development project for its poorest member : "  There is no national building code in Haiti . " When the devastating earthquake hit the Caribbean nation Tuesday , many concrete structures simply crumbled . Days after the quake , there is no clear idea how many people are dead , or how many are trapped in the rubble , still alive . Even before the tremors slammed Haiti , it was a difficult place to live . "  People are building very close to each other on land that may not be supportable for buildings , " said Bill Canny , director of emergency operations for Catholic Relief Services . "  A lot of squatters build illegally . Perhaps some 2 million people have built on land where there is no legal document that they own it . "  Building codes are not enforced in Haiti , so contractors can build as they wish , cut corners , " he said . And safe housing was not the only concern . "  Haiti is on a short string for fuel , " Canny told CNN by phone , minutes before boarding a plane for Haiti . "  There have been shortages for the last six months . If a single ship is slowed down , the whole country begins to suffer a shortage . " Fuel powers not only the national electrical grid -- such as it is -- but also "  thousands of generators that provide energy to hospitals , homes and businesses , " Canny said . Food and water are also a problem . "  Haiti has a tremendous shortage of good drinkable water , " said Canny , who lived there for three and a half years until just two months ago . "  There are some companies that provide cleansed water in bottles . If those companies have been crippled , you will have a shortage of potable water , if you do n't already . "  We also saw in the flooding in 2008 that after four or five days , if you do not have foodstuffs coming in by port , plane and by road , there will be shortages , " said Canny , noting that Haiti produces only about 45 percent of its food needs . Haitian Ambassador to the United States Raymond Joseph told CNN on Thursday that his country 's communication system was heavily damaged , so he had not received much new information about the situation there . "  The major thing is that help is starting to arrive , but we have a problem with the roads , " he said in a phone interview from Washington . "  Now we are asking for help from the U.S. government to clear the roads , so the first groups ... the Marines are bringing heavy equipment . " Athena Kolbe of the University of Michigan did a survey last summer of nearly 1,000 households in three highly populated neighborhoods of Port-au-Prince , Haiti 's capital . Just over half the people in those neighborhoods had access to electricity -- when it was available at all -- the survey found . Most used public or private water kiosks as their main source of drinking and cooking water , and most used shared pit latrines rather than bathrooms , Kolbe found in her study for the Small Arms Survey . Few families had water piped into their homes . More than nine out of 10 used charcoal for cooking ; the others used gas . Adults had an average of just over two and a half years of formal schooling . Eighty percent of Haiti 's 9 million residents live under the poverty line . More than half -- 54 percent -- live in abject poverty , according to the CIA Factbook . In 2008 , four tropical storms damaged the transportation infrastructure and agricultural sector , on which two-thirds of Haitians depend , mainly as subsistence farmers . Haiti 's infrastructure was among the world 's worst even in the best of times , Joseph said Tuesday . "  It was a catastrophe waiting to happen , " Joseph said shortly after the earthquake . "  Sadly , it has happened . " CNN 's Alanne Orjoux and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Housing , food , electricity , reliable transportation were in short supply before earthquake Growing influence of gangs , drug culture have destabilized security in Haiti It is unclear who aid workers can turn to as escorts in the country "  It was a catastrophe waiting to happen , " Haitian ambassador to the United States says
CNN  -- Turns out , Vince Lombardi was wrong . Winning is n't the only thing . In some NFL cities this season , losing matters even more . From Miami to Indianapolis , from Minnesota to St. Louis , some fans want their team to lose as many games as possible to get the No. 1 pick in the next NFL draft , which would give them an opportunity to draft the player who is widely regarded as the most polished prospect at quarterback in years to enter the league . Or , to use the rallying cry that 's becoming popular , they want their team to "  Suck for Luck . " His name is Andrew Luck , and he 's a redshirt junior at Stanford . He would have been the No. 1 pick had he declared for the draft after his junior season , when he completed 70.7 % of his passes for 3,338 yards , 32 touchdowns and just eight interceptions . He is on pace to match or even top those numbers this season for the Cardinal , which is 6-0 and hosts Washington on Saturday . But his value is more than just numbers . He has all the tools that make a great quarterback , a 6-foot-4 frame with a cannon for an arm , plus a feel for the game beyond his 22 years . One player can not transform a football team . But every team covets a franchise player at the most important position on the field , and Luck , who has another year of eligibility that no one expects him to use , is probably the best to come out of college since Peyton Manning in 1998 . Even the great Manning , however , was n't a lock for the No. 1 pick like Luck is in 2012 . Hard as it is to believe , some analysts thought Ryan Leaf , an eventual bust in the NFL , was a better choice . Nobody is a close second this year . Luck , barring a catastrophe , will go to the team with the worst record in the league . "  He is the real deal , " John Madden , the longtime NFL analyst and Hall of Fame coach , said on Sirius satellite radio this week . "  I 've been watching the NFL for years , and I do n't remember a more automatic , sure thing . " Which leads to the "  Suck for Luck " movement . The precise origins of that phrase are unknown . It has become a Twitter handle -- @SuckForLuck -- which is "  imploring the Miami Dolphins or the terrible NFL team of your choice to tank for the # 1 overall pick . " The Dolphins are the clear favorites in the Suck for Luck sweepstakes , but hardly the only contender . Here are the teams with the best shot at sucking enough to get the No. 1 pick , with their odds : Miami : Not only do the Dolphins  0-5  have a lame duck coach , Tony Sparano , and an overmatched quarterback , Matt Moore , they also have an owner who seems resigned to the quest . According to the Miami Herald , owner Stephen Ross has told his friends he 's willing to put up with short-term losses if the end result is the franchise quarterback his team needs . Odds : 2-1 . Indianapolis : Colts Vice Chairman Bill Polian recently scouted Luck , and with good reason . The Colts  0-6  are owners of the worst record in football and seem completely hapless without Manning . But Manning is expected to return from neck surgery and just agreed to a $ 90 million contract with the team . Could the Colts really draft Luck and start him as a backup ? You bet . Odds : 4-1 . Minnesota : The Vikings  1-5  rolled the dice in the offseason , acquiring veteran quarterback Donovan McNabb , but he has struggled mightily and will be replaced this week by untested Christian Ponder . Viking fans have been waiting years for a great quarterback in his prime , and have to be salivating at the prospects of having Luck and All-Pro running back Adrian Peterson in the same huddle . Still , with Peterson , Minnesota is going to win games this year . Odds : 8-1 . St. Louis : The Rams  0-5  certainly have the suck part covered , but they believe , in young quarterback Sam Bradford , that they already have their franchise quarterback . Would they bail on him to grab Luck ? Hey , they could always trade him . But playing in the woeful NFC West will lead to a few victories for Bradford and Co. . Odds : 10-1 . The field : Carolina  1-5  is off to a slow start but just used the No. 1 pick in the 2011 draft on former Auburn quarterback Cam Newton , who has dazzled at times in his rookie season . Arizona  1-4  has lost four straight games , but made the trade for quarterback Kevin Kolb . Denver  1-4  made the switch to Florida quarterback Tim Tebow , a folk hero for his conservative views , so it seems unlikely the Broncos would suck enough . Odds : 15-1 . One other wrinkle : Luck 's father , Oliver , is a former NFL quarterback himself . Would the Luck family try to pull a draft-day power play like some other franchise quarterbacks , including Eli Manning and John Elway , and refuse to sign with a team it deems unacceptable ? Until April , it 's all speculation ... and , for the contenders , losing . "  We do n't really pay much attention to it , to be honest with you , " Denver coach John Fox said this week when asked about the Luck sweepstakes . "  But it 's part of the popularity of our great game of NFL football . Being a competitor , I do n't know many coaches or players to be different . You 're trying to win every game . " Luck , not surprisingly , thinks this entire "  Suck for Luck " thing is ridiculous . He returned to Stanford this season because he loves the college experience , not to create a year of fans hoping for their teams to lose . His former college coach Jim Harbaugh , now the 49ers coach , has called Luck "  as good a competitor as you 'll ever see . " He is 26-5 as a starter . "  I am aware of it , " Luck told the New York Times . "  A couple of guys told me about it . I think it 's stupid . Simply put . " It may be stupid , but it 'll be one of the most-watched storylines of the 2011 season . While the teams at the top chase a Super Bowl title , ultimately the biggest winner could end up being this year 's biggest loser .	Stanford senior and football quarterback Andrew Luck called No. 1 pick in the next NFL draft "  Suck for Luck " fan movement encourages poorly performing NFL teams to keep losing So far the Miami Dolphins , Indianapolis Colts , and St. Louis Rams have the worst records Luck is reportedly too busy enjoying college life to pay attention , calls campaign "  stupid "
CNN  -- Somalia 's capital Mogadishu now has its first-ever ATM bank machine -- and it dispenses U.S. dollars . The machine was installed in late September in the upscale Jazeera Palace Hotel , which is located 300 meters from Aden Adde International Airport in the south-west of the city Justus Mulinge Kisaulu , the hotel 's general manager , said that he had seen people using the new machine but it had not been widely adopted . "  Most of the customers were not aware there is an ATM in Somalia , " Kisaulu explained . "  Local residents , most of them do n't have a debit credit or a credit card to use the ATM . " The U.S. dollar is "  widely accepted " in Mogadishu and is used in local trading , according to the African Development Bank . The country 's official currency , the Somali shilling , has seen a sustained decline in value following decades of conflict in the war-torn nation . Said Moallim Abukar , marketing manager of Salaam Somali Bank , which operates the ATM , said that other currencies would be available from the machine "  in the near future . " But Michael Walls , senior lecturer at the Development Planning Unit at University College London , says that it 's unlikely the bank is aiming for local Somali people at this stage . "  Diaspora Somalis will use it for sure , " he explains , referring to people of Somali origin who will probably have a bank account overseas . "  It is likely to be a bit longer before locally based Somalis start using it . " This is the first ATM in Somalia proper , but cash withdrawal machines already exist in the city of Hargeisa in the breakaway state of Somaliland , according to Salaam Somali Bank 's Abukar . Somaliland remains internationally unrecognized despite unilaterally declaring independence in 1991 . According to local media outlet Somalilandsun , ATM facilities were available in the city from March . More to come ? According to the Africa Research Institute , a British think-tank focused on sub-Saharan Africa , more than $ 1.2 billion is remitted to Somalia each year . This is more than half of Somalia 's gross national income , and also more than the total amount of international aid sent to the region . While the recently-installed ATM could be seen as a sign of progress and stability , Walls says it is also an important development for remittance companies , who are also trying to adapt to mobile money transfers and cashless transactions . Indeed , he described the new ATM as presenting "  some kind of challenge " to remittance companies . However , Dahabshiil , a remittance company with 286 locations in Somalia , said they are "  in the process of rolling out an ATM project " in Hargeisa and Mogadishu , but that these facilitates would n't "  replace the need for our traditional remittance services . " While a great many obstacles still exist for Somalia , it is projects like this ATM that illustrate how business confidence is slowly returning to the war-ravaged city . Read this : Mogadishu hopes to be tourist hotspot Read this : Peace concert rocks Mogadishu More from MarketPlace Africa	Salaam Somali Bank has installed an ATM in the Somali capital Mogadishu The machine dispenses U.S. dollars rather than the official currency , the Somali shilling The new machine follows the installation of ATMs in the northern city of Hargeisa in the breakaway Somaliland region Remittance income makes up more than half of Somalia 's gross national income
CNN  -- One Australian soldier , three civilians and Taliban militants were killed early Friday during heavy fighting in southern Afghanistan , according to information from Australian and NATO officials . Four Australian troops have now died in the conflict in Afghanistan . The incident occurred in Tarin Kowt in Uruzgan province , where Taliban militants killed an Australian commando , the Australian Defence Ministry said . The 26-year-old commando -- Pvt. Luke Worsley of Sydney -- served with the Special Operations Task Group . This is the fourth Australian troop to die in the Afghan conflict . "  The action in which Private Worsley died only concluded in the last few hours and was characterized by heavy , close quarter fighting . The SOTG was conducting an operation to clear an identified Taliban bomb making facility in Uruzgan province , when the soldier was hit by small arms fire , " Chief of the Defence Force Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said "  a significant number of Taliban insurgents were killed or captured as part of the operation . Taliban insurgents initiated the firefight which lasted several hours . " Gen. Carlos Branco , ISAF spokesman , said it is not known how the civilians , two women and a child , died . "  However , we do know that the insurgents fired upon ISAF soldiers from the compound in which the Afghan civilians  two women and one child  were found after the fight . ISAF makes all effort to prevent losses of innocent civilian lives . " E-mail to a friend	Taliban militants kill Australian commando in southern Afghanistan He was shot during operation to clear Taliban bomb making facility in Uruzgan This is the fourth Australian soldier to die in the conflict in Afghanistan Several militants killed and a coalition troop injured in other fighting in southeast
CNN  -- When Mitt Romney sits across from the Fraternal Order of Police to seek their presidential endorsement , I ca n't wait to hear his reaction to these men and women carrying guns and tasers when they ask him to explain why he does n't think the nation needs more of them on the streets . Mr. Rich Guy sounded like a completely out-of-touch guy when , in an effort to slam President Barack Obama 's news conference on the economy , said : "  He wants another stimulus , he wants to hire more government workers . He says we need more firemen , more policemen , and more teachers . Did he not get the message of Wisconsin ? The American people did . It 's time for us to cut back on government and help the American people . " Last I checked , teachers , firefighters and police officers are Americans . In fact , if you have ever had your home broken into , I 'm sure the last thing you want the 911 operator to tell you is they will have to schedule a cop to drop by as if he 's an air conditioner repairman . When your house is going up in flames , I doubt there would be many chuckles if the 911 operator says , "  Mitt Romney says you should be happy to have a smaller government , so we wo n't be able to send someone to put out the fire until Monday morning . Good luck . " This is the kind of ignorance that gets passed off to us as smart political thinking . Trust me , I get the whole argument of downsizing government . But people like Mitt Romney act as if the essential services that makes our neighborhoods , towns , cities and states run is n't done by government employees . Need that trash picked up ? Yeah , it smells a bit funky , but suck it up , Mitt says we can get by with fewer garbage collectors . Tired of that pothole ? Do n't complain . Just drive around it since we do n't have the manpower to get them fixed in a timely manner . It 's real easy to take shots at government , but when it comes to determining what is essential to our daily lives , we must have a different conversation . When you 're a rich guy like Romney , public school teachers mean nothing to you since you can afford to send your kids to private schools , hire tutors and enjoy those small classrooms . But if you 're like most of "  the American people " you ca n't stand overcrowded classrooms and few resources . But Romney does n't care . Instead of separating the battle between union contracts and cities from actual people , he chose to make a ridiculous comment and dismiss the millions of hardworking Americans out there . That 's even more laughable considering Republicans call themselves the law-and-order party , and are quick to tout their police endorsements . How many times have we seen Romney 's party pals call New York firefighters heroes after 9/11 . So , Mitt , should we not bother to expand the ranks of the men and women who keep us safe ? Mitt does n't have to worry about the Obama campaign or the Democratic Party running ads showing him to be an out-of-touch rich guy who does n't care about blue-collar workers . We just have to wait for him to open his mouth . And we wo n't have to wait long . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Mitt Romney 's slam on Obama 's remarks was out of touch , says Roland Martin Teachers , firefighters and cops are Americans too , Martin says Martin : We need a serious conversation about what we need in our daily lives Romney does n't need the Obama camp to make him look out of touch , Martin says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has passed up a chance to examine how far states can go to restrict unsolicited e-mails in efforts to block spammers from bombarding computer users . A tough anti-spam law will not be reviewed by the Supreme Court , the court said Monday . The high court without comment Monday rejected Virginia 's appeal to keep its Computer Crimes Act in place . It was one of the toughest laws of its kind in the nation , the only one to ban noncommercial -- as well as commercial -- spam e-mail to consumers in that state . The justices ' refusal to intervene also means the conviction of prolific commercial spammer Jeremy Jaynes will not be reinstated . His 2004 felony conviction was the first in the United States for sending bulk unsolicited electronic messages . A Virginia jury found Jaynes used several computers and servers to send as many as 24,000 spam e-mails in one day to America Online subscribers . He used false "  header " info and sender domain names , according to court records . A search of his Raleigh , North Carolina , home found CDs with more than 176 million e-mail addresses and 1.3 billion e-mail user names , some of them stolen by a former AOL employee . Jaynes was sentenced to nine years in prison , but the state high court eventually reversed the conviction . The state justices said the law was overbroad because some bulk e-mails might contain political , religious , or other speech that has traditionally been given higher First Amendment protection than typical "  commercial speech . " Such political speech might be a request for support from a candidate for elected office , while commercial speech might be a solicitation for a medical product , like a hair regrowth tonic . The U.S. Supreme Court was asked to weigh whether such anti-spam laws overreach into protected speech . Despite the ruling , Jaynes remains behind bars because of a federal securities fraud conviction unrelated to the state spamming charges . The anti-spam case is Virginia v. Jaynes  08-765  .	U.S. Supreme Court declines to hear appeal on Virginia 's tough anti-spam law Virginia law banned noncommercial as well as commercial spam State 's high court said the law might violate First Amendment free speech protection U.S. high court 's refusal to hear case means prolific spammer 's conviction is void
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- A 100-inch , high definition screen projects an intense college basketball game . Massage therapists rub the nervous tensions of men and women away . Scissors skillfully cut men 's hair . Two chandeliers adorn the main room , complimented by brick walls and a glass bar that doubles as a retail counter . Sean Heywood , right , and Kumi Walker own MR. , a barbershop and wine bar in San Francisco , California . This is not your typical barbershop . And that has always been the vision of owners Kumi Walker and Sean Heywood . "  We are literally trying to create a new version of the country club golf experience . But we 're replacing golf with haircuts , and we 're putting it in urban environments , " says Heywood . MR.  for mister  is their first business venture . It 's an upscale barbershop , wine bar and lounge in the financial district of San Francisco where memberships cost $ 65 to $ 250 a month . In addition to the basic services , those who become members benefit from exclusive services like golf putting clinics and human resource workshops . "  We 're trying to thrive , not just survive , " Heywood said . MR. takes the cultural aspect of the black barbershop experience and modernizes it , making it a place where businesspeople of all races can network . "  We looked at our social lives , and we had black friends , Asian friends , Latino friends , white friends . We would do a lot of things socially together , but when it came to getting our hair cut , we would all split up , " Walker says . Watch Walker talk about the difficulty of starting and running a business " The two entrepreneurs are bridging a cultural divide , and also giving back to the community . They offer free lifetime memberships to MR. to those in good standing with a re-entry program called Back on Track . Among other things , Back on Track offers first-time , low-level criminal offenders GED preparation , tutoring , money-management instruction and job training and placement . And that 's where MR. steps in . The membership provides them with one free haircut , trim , and shoeshine monthly . "  We 'll take care of their grooming so that they do n't have to . And they 're ready for all the different jobs that they pursue going forward , " Walker says . Giving back is paramount for the entrepreneurs . And the story of one black business district in Tulsa , Oklahoma , inspires them . It was known as Black Wall Street , and it was destroyed in a race riot and fire 88 years ago . "  All of the businesses that we wanted to create , we wanted to encompass the culture of , if that community still existed today , what it would look like , " says Walker , who says he read about the riot six years ago . Imagine a credit union , a barbershop , a library , and men in freshly pressed suits with top hats sauntering on sidewalks . The melodic sounds of jazz flow into the streets from several nightclubs . A thriving community of black-owned businesses serve their clientele across a 42-block area . That was the community that existed in the segregated neighborhood of Greenwood from 1830 to 1921 . But on the evening of May 31 , 1921 , white mobs entered Greenwood with torches and guns . Black residents gathered to protect a young man accused of assaulting a white woman . When the smoke from fires cleared on June 1 , more than 1,000 homes , businesses and other institutions were burned or destroyed , according to the report of the Oklahoma Commission to Study the Tulsa Race Riot of 1921 . "  People came and said , ` Run , they are shooting people , ' " says Wess Young , who was 4 then . "  We evacuated . They were destroying everything . " The death toll has been debated for years , because many victims were dumped in mass graves . An American Red Cross estimate puts the total at 300 , much higher than the 36 reported by local officials . The riot devastated the social underpinnings of the Greenwood community and leveled a black economic force . Greenwood was rebuilt , but it never recovered . "  It was a really tragic end to thriving businesses . I think we 'd be a lot further ahead had that area been able to continue to thrive , " says Walker . Wess Young and his family rebuilt their lives in Tulsa . When asked what he thought America would be like if the Tulsa race riot had not happened , he answers without hesitation , "  We would have had a black president before now . ... He has done a good job , but we -LSB- blacks are -RSB- still in a box . " His advice to people is to let go of the past once they 've learned from it . "  Hate will destroy your whole universe -- got to learn how to forgive , but never forget , " Young says . Walker says these stories of black struggle and survival motivate him . "  I stand on the shoulders of my ancestors , " he says . "  I just want to be as successful as possible so I can turn around and be mentors and sponsors to other people who come after me . "	Entrepreneur read about famed Black Wall Street that was destroyed in 1921 He and partner created modern barbershop to honor memory of district Black Wall Street burned to ground during massive race riot in Tulsa , Oklahoma Tulsa race riot survivor : "  Learn how to forgive , but never forget "
CNN  -- What do Copernicus and a Britney Spears look-a-like have in common ? Despite centuries separating the two , both have inspired greatness in Poland . Maxim named Joanna Crupa , a Polish/American model and actress , 61st in its 2006 Hot 100 list . Here we look at some of Poland 's most famous nationals -- from years gone by to the present day . Many have influenced a world far beyond their country 's boundary . Nicolaus Copernicus  1473-1543 Copernicus was a mathematician , astronomer , physician , classical scholar , translator , Catholic cleric , jurist , governor , military leader , diplomat and economist . He is primarily known , however , for his theory that earth is not the center of the universe . His book , "  De revolutionibus orbium coelestium "  On the Revolutions of the Celestial Spheres  , is often regarded as the starting point of modern astronomy and the defining moment that began the Scientific Revolution . Copernicus was born in 1473 in Thorn . Thorn was a city in Prussia , an autonomous region in the old Kingdom of Poland . Frederick Chopin  Fryderyk Chopin   1810-1849 Born in the village of Zelazowa Wola in Warsaw , to a Polish mother and French father , he was regarded early on as a child-prodigy piano virtuoso . He is generally considered to be Poland 's greatest composer , and ranks as one of music 's greatest tone poets . Always in fragile health , he died in Paris in 1849 from chronic pulmonary tuberculosis . He was only 39 . Mari-Sklodowska  Marie Curie   1867-1934 Marie Curie , a Polish physicist and chemist , is arguably the most famous female scientist . She was a pioneer in the field of radioactivity , the only person honored with Nobel Prizes in two different sciences , and the first female professor at the University of Paris . Her French husband Pierre Curie and both her daughter Irène Joliot-Curie and son-in-law Frederic Joliot-Curie were awarded a Nobel prizes . Marie Curie was born in Warsaw . In 1891 she moved to Paris to further her studies and work on scientific projects . She found the theory of radioactivity and also found two new elements , radium and polonium  the latter being named after her native Poland . Karol Wojtyla  Pope John Paul II   1920-2005 Karol Józef Wojtyla was born on 18 May , 1920 in the Polish town of Wadowice . At only 58 years of age , he was the youngest pope elected since Pope Pius IX in 1846 . He reigned as the 264th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church from 1978 until his death in 2005 . His reign of over 26 years was the second-longest after Pius IX 's 32-year reign . He has been the only Polish pope , and was the first non-Italian pope since the Dutch Adrian VI in the 1520s . The pope traveled extensively , visiting over 100 countries , more than any other pope and was fluent in numerous languages : Polish , Italian , French , German , English , Spanish , Croatian , Portuguese , Russian and Latin . He was the victim of several assassination attempts , but later said he forgave the perpetrators . He was chosen twice as person of the year by Time magazine . Andrzej Wajda  1926 - Wajda , born in Suwalki , Poland is an award-winning Polish film Director . He received an honorary Oscar in 2000 . After the fall of communism in 1989 , he was elected as a government senator while he continued his role as artistic director of Warsaw 's Teatr Powszechny . His films often raise social awareness and have dealt with a number of subjects including war , communism and murder  based on the murder of his own father by the Soviets in 1940  . Wajda married four times . He has one daughter and is currently married to actress Krystyna Zachwatowicz . Roman Raymond Polanski  1933 - Polanski is an Academy Award-winning and four-time nominated Polish film director , writer , actor and producer . After beginning his career in Poland , Polanski became a celebrated filmmaker and director of such films as Rosemary 's Baby  1968  and Chinatown  1974  . Recently Polanski has made acclaimed films such as the Academy Award-winning and Cannes Film Festival Palme d'Or-winning The Pianist  2002  , and Oliver Twist  2005  . Polanski has a tragic personal history . He lived in Nazi-occupied Poland during the Second World War and was persecuted for being Jewish . He escaped death by hiding in a farmer 's cow shed , while his mother was murdered in the infamous Nazi death camp at Auschwitz . After surviving the Holocaust and moving to the United States , Polanski married American actress Sharon Tate . In 1969 , Tate , who was pregnant at the time , was murdered by serial killer Charles Manson 's sect . In 1978 , Polanski pleaded guilty in the United States to "  unlawful sexual intercourse " with a 13-year-old girl . The director fled to France before sentencing . He now lives there and has French citizenship . He can not return to the United States because he is likely to be imprisoned . Lech Walesa  1943 - A former President of Poland and Nobel Peace Prize laureate , Walesa is often credited with changing the Polish political system . He founded the organization "  Solidarity , " the country 's first independent trade union , which was pivotal in bringing about the fall of the communist regime . He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 for his human rights activism . In 1989 , after the fall of the Soviet Union , he persuaded leaders from formerly communist parties to form the first non-communist coalition government . He was president of Poland from 1990 to 1995 . In 2000 , Walesa once again stood for the presidential election , but received very little support and subsequently announced his retirement . Joanna Krupa  1979 - Krupa is a Polish-American model and actress . Born in Warsaw , the daughter of hotelier Steven Krupa , she eventually moved with her family to the United States at the age of five . Krupa has appeared on various magazine covers including FHM , Personal , Inside Sport , Stuff , Steppin ' Out , Teeze and Maxim , in which she was named the Sexiest Swimsuit Model in the World . Maxim named her 61st in its 2006 Hot 100 list . She was also voted German Maxim 's Model of the Year 2004-2005 . She posed nude in the July 2005 issue of Playboy and also did a nude photoshoot for animal rights group PETA . The advertisements all have "  I would rather go naked than wear fur " as a motto . Krupa has been quoted as saying , "  There is nothing sexy about wearing something that is so obviously tied to senseless pain and killing . " Robert Kubica  1984 - Born in Krakow , Kubica is the first Polish racing driver to compete in Formula One . Since 2006 he has driven for the BMW Sauber F1 team , promoted from test driver to race driver during the 2006 season . In June 2008 , he achieved his maiden F1 victory at the Canadian Grand Prix , becoming the 99th F1 racer to win a Grand Prix . Dorota Rabczewska or "  Doda "  1984 - Dorota Rabczewska , or Dorota Rabczewska-Majdan , is often nicknamed Doda or Doda Elektroda or "  the Polish Britney Spears . " She was born in Ciechanow , and is one of the most famous and successful pop singers in Poland . Doda started her career at the age of 14 and became popular after her participation in a reality TV show "  Bar . " In 2000 , at the age of 16 , Rabczewska became the vocalist of the Polish rock band Virgin . In December 2005 and October 2007 , she posed nude for the Polish edition of Playboy Magazine . She also posed for CKM Magazine several times . Doda received a Superjedynka award on National Festival of Polish Song in Opole in 2006 . In 2007 , she left her record company , Virgin , to begin a solo career . Her first solo album was released in 2007 and was certified as gold on the day before its official release . In 2008 , her album "  Diamond Bitch " went double platinum after 60,000 copies of the album had been sold .	Top ten Poles : Marie Curie and her Nobel Prized family Pope John Paul ll : 27 year-reign , visited over 100 countries , spoke ten languages Joanna Crupa : Former "  Sexiest Swimsuit Model " in the world
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has apologized for his remarks about gay fans attending the 2022 World Cup in Qatar . Blatter was heavily criticized for saying they should "  refrain from sexual activity " if they go to Qatar because homosexuality is illegal in the emirate . "  It was not my intention and never will be my intention to go into any discrimination , " he told a press conference in Abu Dhabi Friday . "  If somebody feels hurt , then I regret and present apologies , " added Blatter . The original remarks were made Monday in Johannesburg and the 74-year-old was quick to add that "  in football we have no boundaries . Blatter went on : "  We open everything to everybody and I think there shall not be any discrimination to any human beings . " But despite the qualification , his comments provoked fury among gay rights groups . Former NBA basketball star John Amaechi -- himself gay -- told APF that the FIFA president was quilty of "  epic , archaic , neanderthal , ignorance . " Blatter , in Abu Dhabi for FIFA 's Club World Cup , also gave his support to the notion of the 2022 World Cup being played in January rather than the traditional mid-summer slot . The move , to avoid the blistering 50 degrees centigrade heat in Qatar in June and July , was first suggested by Germany 's FIFA executive committee member Franz Beckenbauer and is gathering momentum . "  I definitely support  the idea  to play in winter here , " Blatter said . "  It is important to play when the climate is appropriate and I 'm thinking about the footballers , not only the fans but the actors . " Organizers in Qatar have said they will provide air-conditioned stadiums and training grounds to combat the stifling heat . They have not made an official request to switch dates which would bring clashes with major club leagues in Europe such as the English Premier League , Spain 's La Liga and Serie A in Italy .	Sepp Blatter apologizes for remarks about gay fans attending 2022 World Cup Blatter said they should "  refrain from sexual activity " in Qatar where homosexuality illegal FIFA president Blatter says he is against discrimination in all forms Blatter also supports idea of playing 2022 in January rather than June
CNN Student News  -- March 12 , 2014 There 's a new development - but still no closure - in the search for a missing passenger plane in Southeast Asia . Today , we 'll tell you what a transponder is and how it fits into the puzzle . We also cover three space travelers ' return from the ISS , and we explain some reasons for and effects of deforestation . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What sources do you think you would have had for credible information in the days before the Internet ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . transponder 2 . Tim Berners-Lee 3 . circadian rhythm Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What do we now know about Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? Where is the C-130 aircraft seen in the video searching for the plane ? Why does the Malaysian defense minister say he is overwhelmed ? How can you tell that he is determined to find the plane and its passengers ? 2 . What countries were represented by astronauts who just returned to Earth from the International Space Station ? What vehicle did they use to return to Earth ? 3 . What technical innovation made its debut 25 years ago this week ? Who created it ? What were the first Web pages like ? According to the video : What percentage of Americans had Internet access six years after the World Wide Web was introduced ? What percentage has access today ? 4 . How do circadian rhythms influence sleep patterns ? According to the report , what happens when your body gets too far off track from these natural cycles ? 5 . What is palm oil ? How is it obtained ? What statement has the Mars Company made about how it 's going to get its palm oil ? What is deforestation ? Where is it common ? What are its causes ? How can deforestation affect the environment ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How does current space exploration illustrate one benefit of international cooperation ? Are there any other stories in today 's show that demonstrate international cooperation ? Explain . 2 . Talk to your parents or other family members about what life was like in the days before the Internet . Where did they go for information and entertainment ? Do they feel that the Internet has had a positive or negative impact on their overall quality of life ? 3 . How does a lack of sleep affect you ? If you live in an area that observes Daylight Saving Time , did the time change impact your sleep pattern ? Explain . What advice would you give students who do n't seem to get enough sleep ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Samsung says it expects to make a second quarter profit of US$ 5.9 billion , thanks largely to burgeoning sales of its flagship Galaxy smartphones . The record figure -- a 79 % rise from a year earlier -- follows a remarkable first quarter performance , which saw the South Korean technology giant overtake rivals Apple and Nokia as the world 's biggest phone vendor with 44.5 million handsets sold . Apple 's sales of 35.1 million iPhones in the first quarter helped lead the company to double first quarter profits , while Nokia 's 11.9 million sales January through March was almost half as many as the Finnish firm sold during the same period last year , eroding its smartphone market share to 8.2 % from 23.5 % in 2011 . In May , Samsung released its new Galaxy S III phone in Europe and has seen brisk sales , which are expected to top 10 million units in July , according to the company 's telecoms chief JK Shin . Analysts agree . "  The impact of the Galaxy S III smartphone was maximized thanks to its sole competitor Apple Inc. 's delay in releasing a new product , " Shinhan Investment Corp. analyst Kim Young-chan said in a report , quoted by South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . "  More than six million units of the latest Galaxy phone have been sold since its rollout in late May , with sales likely to top 25 million units in the second half , " he added . Kim predicted Samsung would sell a total of 204 million smartphones in 2012 . Apple , meanwhile , has still to set a date for its much-anticipated iPhone 5 -- seen by many as the challenger to the Galaxy S III . The California-based tech behemoth is also locked in a lengthy legal challenge with its Korean rival in the courts , with numerous patent infringement cases pending in over 10 different countries . Apple wins ban on two devices : What it means for you Last week , a U.S. judge suspended sales of Samsung 's Galaxy Nexus smartphone just days after issuing a similar ruling against its new Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet computer . San Jose District Judge Lucy Koh said Apple "  has shown a likelihood of establishing both infringement and validity . " Samsung is appealing both injunctions . The legal wrangling began in April 2011 , when Apple launched a lawsuit accusing the South Korean company of "  slavishly " copying the interface and design of the iPhone and iPad in Galaxy smartphones and tablets . Samsung countersued , saying Apple has infringed a number of its wireless patents . Samsung 's results will be announced later this month . CNN 's Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .	Samsung says it expects to make a second quarter profit of US$ 5.9 billion The tech giant has overtaken Apple and Nokia as world 's biggest phone supplier Samsung and Apple are also locked in multiple patent infringement cases
CNN  -- In a city that changes as fast as the weather , it can be easy to overlook Hong Kong 's past . But on a winding street in Wan Chai , one of the city 's oldest neighborhoods , a house painted brilliant blue stands out . The "  Blue House , " a Chinese tenement building from the 1920s , is at the heart of a cluster of historic buildings that paint a picture of old Hong Kong . Home to the Hong Kong House of Stories , an eclectic museum and community center that offers tours of historic sites in the area , the building provides an important glimpse into the neighborhood 's rich history . A block away , 50-story highrises loom and preservationists worry about the impact of gentrification on the neighborhood 's character . "  We want local people to tell local stories , " says Maria Kwok , a volunteer tour guide who has lived in Wan Chai for almost three decades . "  If you come back in a few years , this neighborhood may have completely changed . " The Blue House itself , which packed working class families into tiny rooms after it was built in the 1920s , is the first stop on the heritage tour . Tenement houses like these were once common in the neighborhood and the city . Now , along with two other tenements next door , the Blue House is one of the few remaining . Temples , post offices , war In the surrounding blocks , other old buildings , like a tiny 1847 temple and a prim 1915 post office , are slipped between apartment towers . Of note is Pak Tai Temple , a Taoist temple built in 1863 and an oasis of incense-scented calm . The House of Stories also offers a nighttime "  haunted tour " that shares "  spooky tales " of the neighborhood 's most eerie sites . The Japanese bombing and occupation of Hong Kong during World War II fuel stories of ghosts in Wan Chai . "  People come for the fun but they also learn about the history , " Kwok says . The two or two-and-a-half-hour tours , all led by community locals , cost HK$ 60  $ 7.75  per person , with private group tours for a minimum of HK$ 600  $ 77  . Visitors should schedule tours in advance over phone or email  see below  . Nonprofit and school groups receive reduced rates . The House of Stories also organizes concerts , movie nights and art workshops on Thursday nights . People regularly wander into its welcoming , living room-esque space , which is full of old knickknacks and historic books donated by neighbors who 've moved out . Renovation and preservation Upstairs , the Blue House is in the middle of a government-supported renovation to preserve its architecture and improve living conditions for residents , some of whom lack air conditioning and even toilets in their century-old flats . While there are other historic renovation projects underway around the city , the Blue House effort is unique in that original residents will stay in their homes , says Mirana Szeto , a Hong Kong University professor who consulted on the project . "  We 're not preserving an old house and its original culture , we 're preserving a living community , " Szeto says . Renovation plans were drawn up in consultation with locals . After construction is complete in 2017 , the House of Stories will be joined by two new restaurants in the Blue House . Until then , there are plenty of good dining options in the surrounding blocks . Dining changes The Pawn , a restaurant and bar housed in an 1888 pawn shop building , has an outside terrace and roof seating .  The Pawn is currently closed for renovation , but scheduled to reopen in October with a menu from British celebrity chef Tom Aikens . Tai Lung Fung , a bar that opened three years ago in a former car repair shop across the street from the Blue House , has a long list of cocktails and excellent shrimp paste chicken wings  HK$ 55 / $ 7  . Its neon-lit vibe is straight out of '70s Hong Kong TV dramas , and its walls are adorned with classic movie posters . "  Old things are being destroyed , " says Sam Leung , the bar 's owner . "  I wanted to protect and keep the memory . " Some complain that new bars and higher rents are threatening mom-and-pop noodle joints and tea shops , where locals enjoy cold milk tea  dong nai cha  . "  The whole area is changing . It does n't match with the local residents , " Kwok says . "  For us locals , they 're making things more expensive . " A cheap option is an evening of snacks and beers on the sidewalk in front of the Blue House , a nighttime hangout for the community . The rattle of games of mahjong regularly mix with laughter echoing down the street . Leung Ping Wa , who has lived in the Blue House and its adjoining tenements for 18 years , says he has seen big changes in the area : lots of new faces and new highrise buildings . But the changes he notices are also cultural . "  In the past , more people used to come out and eat and talk to each other like this , " he says . "  Now , most people go home and close their doors . " Hong Kong House of Stories , 74 Stone Nullah Lane , Wan Chai ; +852 2835 4372 ; hos@sjs.org.hk; houseofstories.sjs.org.hk Pak Tai Temple , 2 Lung On St. , Wan Chai The Pawn , 62 Johnston Road , Wan Chai ; +852 2866 3444 ; thepawn.com.hk Tai Lung Fung , 5 Hing Wan St. , Wan Chai ; +852 2572 0055	The Blue House , a Chinese tenement from the 1920s , is at the heart of a cluster of historic buildings Local residents lead tours of historic sites Preservationists worry about the impact of gentrification on the neighborhood 's character A renovation of the Blue House is preserving the local community by letting residents stay in their homes
The suicide of a 14-year-old girl who was apparently targeted by online "  trolls " has added fuel to calls in Britain for action to prevent abuse on social media , following outrage over rape and bomb threats made against women via Twitter . Teenager Hannah Smith was found dead Friday at her home in Leicestershire . She hanged herself after she was bullied on the website Ask.fm , her father told UK media , having gone there to look for advice on the skin condition eczema . And the nightmare is not over for her family . Her older sister , Jo , is quoted in the Daily Mirror newspaper Wednesday as saying that she is now herself the target of Internet trolls . "  I 've just lost my sister and now I 've got to deal with getting abuse myself , " she told the newspaper . "  These trolls do n't care what happened to Hannah or what we 're going through , they just live in their sad little worlds . It 's really upsetting . I 'm struggling to cope with what 's happened and do n't need these trolls hounding me . " Nasty comments were also posted on a Facebook memorial page set up in Hannah 's memory . More than 10,000 people have signed an online petition calling on the government to act after Hannah 's death . It states , "  Cyber-Bullying has been an ever increasing problem within the UK for a considerable amount of time with one of the biggest offenders becoming Ask.fm , a site popular amongst young people where posts can be made with confidence anonymously which has led to bullying , mental health problems and suicides as well as grooming . " Ask.fm , a social networking and question-and-answer site , said the teenager 's death was a "  true tragedy . " "  We would like to convey our deepest condolences to her family and friends . We have reached out to the Leicestershire police and would be happy to cooperate with their investigation in to the true circumstances of her suicide , " it said in a statement . "  Ask.fm actively encourages our users and their parents to report any incidences of bullying , either by using the in-site reporting button , or via our contact page . All reports are read by our team of moderators to ensure that genuine concerns are heard and acted upon immediately -- and we always remove content reported to us that violates our Terms of Service . " Advice issued by the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre , run by police , warns that Ask.fm is not suitable for children and offers limited privacy . "  More often than not the anonymous nature of Ask.fm leads to exchanges of hate speech and cyberbullying . As such we would not recommend it as an appropriate online environment for children whether they are over 13 or not , " it states . It adds that users can block people who post offensive comments and can also disable their own account if they choose . A spokeswoman for Leicestershire police said the teenager 's death was subject to a coroner 's inquest , so police could not yet investigate . An inquest is held in Britain when a death is sudden or unexplained . Arrests made over threats Police are already investigating the online rape threats made against feminist Caroline Criado-Perez and Labour Party politician Stella Creasy , as well as bomb threats directed at several women journalists . London 's Metropolitan Police said Wednesday that a 32-year-old man had been arrested in Bristol , southwest England , as part of an ongoing investigation into allegations relating to the reported rape threats . Two men were also arrested last week in connection with the inquiry . Andy Trotter of the Association of Chief Police Officers said police will act when threats are made , but they ca n't respond to all offensive comments posted . "  Reports of credible threats and communications made over social media that specifically target an individual and constitute harassment will be taken very seriously by the police and investigated , " he said . But , he added , "  There are many grossly offensive , indecent and obscene comments made every day on social media that will not meet the threshold and where the police should not be involved . ... We would like to see social networks do more to take actions such as instantly suspend accounts where it might be appropriate . " Amid growing public anger over the threats made against women , Twitter announced Saturday that it had revised its rules on abusive behavior and was introducing an "  in-tweet " button to report abuse .	Sister of a girl who committed suicide after she was bullied online says abuse continues More than 10,000 people sign petition calling for action after Hannah Smith 's death Website Ask.fm offers condolences , says it will cooperate with police inquiry Threats against women via Twitter have also highlighted problem of online abuse
OXON HILL , Maryland  CNN  -- Crew members of the Maersk Alabama , safely back in the United States after being attacked by pirates last week off Somalia , recounted their ordeal Thursday . Navy personnel recover the lifeboat from which Maersk Alabama Capt. Richard Phillips was rescued Sunday . "  They start firing before they climb , with AK-47 , " crew member Zahid Reza said . "  I was scared for my life . I was almost close to that . And they tried to shoot me many times , " he said , pointing to his head . "  Pointing gun all over . Here , there , in the back . " Pirates tried three times to board the U.S.-flagged cargo ship before their fourth attempt was successful , fellow crew member William Rios said , adding that the groups of pirates were different but that he thinks they were working together . Rios said he was working on deck when he was called back to lock down the ship . Then , he said , there were gunshots , and an alarm went off to alert all crew members to wake up and get on deck . "  We went to our training , " he said , declining to provide details : "  If I tell you all what we did , pirates , they would know . " Watch the crew praise their captain " The pirates intended to ask for a $ 3 million ransom , Reza said . He said he and the ship 's chief engineer took one of the pirates hostage . Reza said he persuaded the pirate -- whom he described as a young man , maybe 18 or 19 -- to trust him , pointing out that he is Bangladeshi and the pirate was Somali . "  His name is Abdul , " Reza said . "  I told him , ` Trust me . I am Muslim ; you are Muslim . ' " He told Abdul he would take him to the engine room to find more crew members . When they got there , the room was dark , he said , and he did n't know the ship 's chief engineer was in there . He said the chief engineer jumped the pirate first , then Reza stabbed him with his knife , and the two men tied the pirate 's hands and feet . Reza said he intended to kill the youth , but the chief engineer told him , "  No , we need him alive . " Watch Reza talk about wanting to kill the pirate " "  He was fighting me and chief engineer , to get away from us . A lot of yelling , shouting and screaming . " Rios said he went to the lifeboat , where Capt. Richard Phillips was being held , to exchange Abdul for Phillips but was unsuccessful . The captain -- who offered himself as a hostage in exchange for the freedom of his crew -- was rescued by U.S. Navy SEALs on Sunday . The SEALs , on the nearby guided-missile destroyer USS Bainbridge , fatally shot three pirates and rescued Phillips . A fourth pirate was arrested . "  I feel great they got killed , " Reza said . "  I am happy . " He said he was proud of the Navy . Phillips arrived in Mombasa , Kenya , aboard the Bainbridge on Thursday . The crew arrived at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland overnight . Watch crew arrive in U.S. " Rios said Phillips is "  outstanding ; he 's extraordinary ; he 's -LSB- a -RSB- very brave man . " Another crew member , John White , said they were "  damn lucky to be alive . " Rios called for more security in the Gulf of Aden . "  Put more military to patrol the waterway for us transporting material back and forth , " he said . " ... All the countries got to get involved with this . " Reza echoed the call . "  I think government should get involved , " he said . "  They should think about our safety , yes . ... This piracy is getting bigger and bigger . " CNN 's Paul Courson , Virginia Nicolaidis and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	NEW : Maersk Alabama crew tell about pirates ' takeover of ship NEW : Crew member says he gained confidence of , tried to kill pirate NEW : "  I feel great they got killed , " crew member says of pirates NEW : Crew calls for international effort to secure shipping lanes
CNN  -- A floating restaurant along the banks of the Ohio River in Covington , Kentucky , broke free from its moorings Thursday and drifted several hundred yards downriver , according to Assistant Fire Chief Chris Black . Jeff Ruby 's Waterfront Restaurant -- which has sweeping views of downtown Cincinnati -- separated from the shoreline and floated downriver , striking the Clay Wade Bailey Bridge , which carries U.S. Routes 42 and 127 , and spinning around in the process . "  The part that was facing Kentucky is now facing Cincinnati " said the restaurant 's owner , Jeff Ruby . The restaurant is currently being held in place by two tug boats and a barge , according to Ruby , preventing it from ramming into the aging Brent Spence Bridge . "  The tugs will keep it  in place  overnight and then we have two more  boats  coming in the morning . " Ruby says the plan is for them to gently guide the restaurant a few miles downriver to a secure dock in Hebron , Kentucky . Ruby told CNN that one of his employees was walking the 110-foot ramp that connects the floating restaurant to the dock when "  he heard cable popping and snapping . " Moments later , the dock end of the ramp plunged into the icy water . Ruby says the worker was able to scramble to safety , while another worker inside the restaurant was rescued about an hour later . This is not the first time that Jeff Ruby 's Waterfront Restaurant has floated away . In fact , the restaurant has been closed since March 2011 , when the same thing happened with 83 patrons inside , according to Black .	Jeff Ruby 's Waterfront Restaurant broke from its moorings on the Ohio River The floating eatery is being held in place on the Ohio River until it can be relocated The business has been closed since 2011 after it broke free with 83 people inside
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A young boy fell to his death from a luxury suite at Los Angeles ' Staples Center on Sunday night , according to the Los Angeles Police Department . The 2-year-old boy fell from the suite around 9:15 p.m.  12:15 a.m. ET  , police said in a statement . The boy was transported to the USC Medical Center , where he later died , Sgt. Frank Alvelais told CNN . The toddler fell a few minutes after the conclusion of a NBA game between the Los Angles Lakers and the Golden State Warriors , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . After the game , the boy 's family and others in his group were taking pictures while still in the luxury suite section of the arena , police said . The third deck of the Staples Center -- where the luxury suite is located -- has a roughly 50-foot drop , according to KTLA . The boy was identified by Los Angeles County Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter as Lucas Anthony Tang . An autopsy is pending , Winter said . Witness said the child was still moving his legs and arms as he was being put on a stretcher , KTLA reported . Detectives said they are investigating the circumstances surrounding the boy 's death .	NEW : Lucas Anthony Tang , 2 , fell at the Staples Center in Los Angeles NEW : An autopsy is pending The boy fell from a luxury suite shortly after a Lakers-Warriors game Authorities are investigating the circumstances surrounding the boy 's death
CNN  -- There are many ways to lose or ruin your smartphone . Forgetfulness , crime , gravity , anger , intoxication , acts of God . The devices are increasingly tied into our lives , and being without them can be a huge loss . They 're also not cheap , especially if you 're not eligible for a carrier-subsidized upgrade . But between theft , water damage and our own clumsiness , accidents happen . Here are some stories of smartphone woes . Share your own in the comments . Thieving Smartphones are easy to spot , steal and resell , making them a popular target for thieves . Mobile apps have been created specifically for tracking down misplaced or stolen mobile devices , and police are learning to handle the cases . The year 2008 was a different time -- there was not yet a Find My iPhone app to aid vigilante justice . That 's the year Jessica Jenkins , a 5-foot-1 broke grad student , splurged on and was quickly separated from an iPhone 3G . While riding the 6 train in New York City late one night , Jenkins took out her new phone and started playing a maze game . "  Normally I was careful to keep the phone out of sight while traveling , but it was late and I was bored and , like a little kid with a Gameboy , excited to play all these new games , " said Jenkins . Suddenly , a teenage boy about twice her size ran past , grabbed the phone out of her hands and dashed through the train door . Jenkins chased the thief full-speed and managed to grab him by the shoulder , but he got away with her phone . When Jenkins called the NYPD , officers were more concerned about her physical well-being than the fate of her smartphone . Angry but unhurt , Jenkins took the subway home where she still had an old Nokia bar phone . She immediately reactivated and dropped $ 5 on Tetris for the "  dumb " phone .  "  I am really , really good at cell phone Tetris . " Jenkins stuck with feature phones until 2011 , after her heart and wallet had time to mend , but she 's still incredibly cautious in public . Now she lives in the Bay Area , where she works as an immigration lawyer . She never takes the iPhone out on San Francisco public transit , except for Caltrain , which ferries many workers to and from their jobs in Silicon Valley , because it "  somehow seems safer since it looks like an Apple commercial on there during rush hour . " Drowning Smartphones and water do not mix . But 70 % of our planet 's surface is covered with the stuff , so statistically they 're bound to meet . Photo producer Amber saw not one but two of her iPhones die watery deaths , one glamorous and one in a toilet . While working on a photo shoot in Bordeaux , France , she was  playfully  pushed into a pool with a smartphone still in her pocket . The phone was her primary way of communicating with everyone working on the shoot . She took it to the Apple store in Paris , but they could n't revive the phone . She ended up borrowing an older iPhone 3G to use the rest of the trip . Cut to two years later , when Amber 's adventurous 1-year-old daughter decided to toss mom 's iPhone 4 in the toilet . She somehow firmly lodged it into the drain , where it became stuck . "  I 'm trying to pull it out before the phone is 100 % damaged , trying every tool known to man as fast as possible . The 1-year-old is jumping all excited at the show , screaming because she wants to play with me in the toilet , " recalls Amber . It did n't work . The phone stayed stuck until her husband came home eight hours later . Photos of the wee phone-destroyer 's first birthday party were all lost . Amber was n't eligible for a new phone yet , so she had to pay full price for a new device . She also sprung for Apple Care and a $ 90 waterproof case . Though it did n't work with Amber 's phones , sometimes a device can be revived after getting wet . One common remedy is to make sure the phone is off and submerge it in uncooked rice overnight , which will draw out the moisture . Breaking We 've all seem them , the people with cracked screens who still use their smartphones . Usually the cracks just create a little web over the screen , and the phones are still perfectly usable . But not all the time . CNN iReporter Terry Balmer , a 20-year-old college student , was hanging out on his roof with friends when he placed his phone down in what he thought was a secure spot . He did not consider the dangers of receiving a text while the phone was on vibrate . Yes , a few minutes later he watched his phone slide down the rooftop and plummet to the ground . "  Hearing the phone hit the cement below was one of the most gut-wrenching sounds I had ever heard , and I do n't think anyone has ever climbed down from a rooftop as fast as I did that night , " Balmer told iReport . The damage was n't fatal . The phone still worked , but the glass was cracked and all but one section of the screen had gone black . Even black , the touch screen still worked . Amazingly , Balmer found a way to make the phone usable . To read a text message , he would take a screenshot , go into the Photo Roll , and move the image around to read what it said . Unable to see the keyboard , he typed from memory . To make a call , he had to have a person 's number memorized . And to listen to music , he learned to navigate through his collection by memory . He even uses it as a camera , explaining , "  I just have to kinda guess what I 'm taking it of but it usually works out and they all turn out normal on my laptop . " It 's been seven months , and Balmer is still using his iPhone . At first he did n't replace it because he was broke , but now he 's grown attached to it . "  Over time this phone has become almost a part of me  as weird as that sounds  . I just ca n't believe that it has survived this long so I feel bad just pulling the plug on it . " Repairing Balmer 's experience is not unusual . Oftentimes smartphones are , in the words of Miracle Max , "  only mostly dead . " You can learn to cope with your hobbled device , you can drop money on having it fixed by a professional or you can attempt to fix it yourself . While attempting to grapple with a screaming child and a car seat , Brian Buizer dropped his month-old Evo 4g smartphone , and its screen shattered .  If there is a theme here , it is that children are bad for the health of smartphones  . The company wanted to charge Buizer $ 150 to replace the screen on his $ 200 phone . He decided to replace the cracked screen himself using instructional videos on the Internet , a $ 20 replacement screen and a set of small drivers and pry tools . The surgery took just over an hour , but there was a small crack in the frame that held the glass . Over the past year and half , a fine white dust found its way into the phone through that crack , settling between the glass and touch pad , accumulating in the center of the screen where he scrolls most . "  I am guessing this is from static build up . Whatever causes it , I now have a hazy white spot directly in the center of my screen , said Buizer . "  Needless to say , I ca n't wait for my new iPhone to arrive . " Tinkering Finally , there are the people who bring on the damage themselves . The tinkerers , the geeks , the dreamers . Designer Eliza Wee likes to mess with her devices , but admits she does n't always know exactly what she 's doing . The first time she tinkered under the hood of a smartphone , everything worked out just peachy . She decided to root her Evo phone  rooting is a way of getting total control of the operating system , bypassing pesky safeguards and limitations put in place by the company that made the phone  . She also put a custom ROM -- a standalone , customized version of the Android operating system -- onto the phone . She got the phone to work on a different carrier and was quite pleased with the results . Her next phone was a Motorola Triumph . It was on Virgin Mobile , since she was on a mission to try out all the low-end phone carriers . She rooted the phone successfully again , but when she put on a custom ROM , something went horribly wrong . The external hard drive was no longer accessible and her phone was bricked . "  Genius that I am , I did all that two days before a work trip , " said Wee . "  I went to the Sprint store , and signed my life away for two years , after being license-free for years . " iPhone 5 users complain about purple photos	Forgetfulness , gravity and clumsiness are just a few ways to lose or ruin a phone Here are some sad stories of smartphone woes One woman had her new phone snatched on the New York subway A man placed his phone on a roof and watched in horror as it slid off
CNN  -- The American man who swam to Aung San Suu Kyi 's home in Myanmar said Thursday he still believes he did the right thing , even though his visit led to an extension of the pro-democracy leader 's house arrest . John Yettaw told Aung San Suu Kyi he had a vision she would be murdered . John Yettaw , 53 , swam across a lake to Suu Kyi 's home in May and stayed for two days before authorities arrested him along with Suu Kyi and two of her staff . His presence violated the terms of Suu Kyi 's house arrest -- which was about to expire -- leading a judge to extend it by another 18 months . But Yettaw said he made the trip to Yangon to save Suu Kyi from assassination , and that it was successful . What critics have described as a "  stunt " brought enough attention to her plight , he said , to ensure that Suu Kyi could not be killed by the country 's ruling military junta . Yettaw said on CNN 's "  American Morning " that he is "  grateful that she 's alive , grateful that the entire world is watching and there 's no way these generals are ever going to try to assassinate her . " To many , however , his visit did more harm than good . Some thought he might be mentally ill to attempt what he did -- an idea he rejects , though he says he can understand why people believe it . But Yettaw said he had no idea that Suu Kyi would be arrested and put on trial for something that he would do . "  I wept every day and I 've suffered every day " because of the punishment she received , he told CNN . He called her sentence "  heartbreaking . " The case of Suu Kyi , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate who has been the symbol of the country 's opposition for two decades , first came to Yettaw 's attention when he was in Thailand and saw her photograph . "  I instantly had a premonition , or a vision , that I saw myself going through a lake and over a fence and was at a back door of a house , " he told CNN . "  Then  I  Googled from there and realized she lived next to Inya Lake and I got a visa to get into Yangon . And I thought , since this has been presented to me , I 'm going to make this happen . " The retired bus driver and Vietnam veteran from Missouri told his wife only that he had a premonition he would become a political prisoner in Myanmar . She told her husband not to go , but he went anyway . In November 2008 , Yettaw said , he managed to swim across the lake and leave scriptures from the Book of Mormon for Suu Kyi . But later he had a vision that Suu Kyi would be assassinated , so he decided to make another trip . That was the fateful trip on May 3 . "  The second time that I came was the same route , in through the sewer tunnel and into the water , " he said . "  But this time of year the water level was much lower and I had two bags filled with a lot of stuff , and so I had to military-crawl with these two bags and I got caught . Two soldiers spotted me . "  Fortunately , by the time they got close to me , I rolled over into the water with my bags which were tied together , and I literally was walking through the water and they were frightened . They , I do n't think , saw me -- they saw this bag floating through the water and moving at a consistent rate , so they started throwing rocks at it . And inside I prayed , ` What do I do ? ' and the only response that I felt , inspiration , was ` keep walking . ' And that 's what I did . " Yettaw managed to reach Suu Kyi 's house and was able to explain that he had a vision she would be murdered . He said Suu Kyi did n't think he was crazy , and she was "  absolutely " happy to see him . Yettaw was arrested and convicted of violating immigration laws , municipal laws , and the conditions of Suu Kyi 's house arrest . He was sentenced to seven years of hard labor , though he was freed this month after U.S. Sen. Jim Webb traveled to Myanmar and intervened in his case . After his arrest , Yettaw said , he spent two and a half weeks under armed guard and was subject to interrogation at any hour of the day or night . Suu Kyi was initially sentenced to three years in prison after a military court found her guilty of violating her house arrest , but the head of the junta later commuted it to 18 months of home confinement . Suu Kyi 's two housekeepers , who are her sole companions in her heavily guarded residence , also were sentenced to 18 months of house arrest to be served alongside Suu Kyi . The opposition leader told the court she did n't know Yettaw , was unaware of his plans to visit , and did n't report his intrusion because she did n't want him to get in trouble . Yettaw insists he saved Suu Kyi 's life . He said the ordeal has made him value the rights people have in the United States . "  I 'm so grateful we live in a country where we have freedom of speech , and over there  in Myanmar  , where they speak the truth , they 're killed and imprisoned , " Yettaw told CNN . "  I want you to know that even on our worst day ... the United States is one of the greatest nations in the world . " Suu Kyi was put under house arrest in 1989 . The following year , her National League for Democracy party won more than 80 percent of the legislative seats in the first free elections in the country in nearly 30 years . The military junta disqualified Suu Kyi from serving because of her house arrest , annulled the election results and refused to step down . The government has said next year 's scheduled elections will reintroduce democracy in Myanmar . But its rules forbids citizens who bore children with foreigners from running for office . That makes Suu Kyi ineligible because she married a British man and has two sons with him .	John Yettaw : Made the trip to Yangon to save Suu Kyi from assassination Said he had no idea pro-democracy leader would be arrested and put on trial Yettaw had swam uninvited to Suu Kyi 's house and stayed for three days The visit to her home violated her house arrest terms , Myanmar government says
CNN  -- Miley Cyrus is back on track after a severe allergic reaction put the pop star in the hospital . The 21-year-old is scheduled to resume her previously postponed "  Bangerz " tour in August after being forced to hold off on the remaining performances due to her illness . Cyrus ' new U.S. lineup features nine stops : seven shows to make up for the ones that she missed , plus an additional two concerts for fans in Pittsburgh and Chicago . Fans who purchased tickets to her April 7 concert in Charlotte , North Carolina ; the April 16 show in St. Louis ; and the April 15 show in Kansas City , Missouri ; will receive full refunds and be able to purchase tickets to her rescheduled dates -- on August 6 , August 10 and August 12 , respectively -- starting May 2 . Those who purchased tickets to her April concerts in Uniondale , New York ; Philadelphia ; Nashville ; and Louisville will be able to use them for admission to her August shows in those locations . The "  Wrecking Ball " songstress was initially put out of commission in early April with a flu-like illness , which caused her to pull out of her Charlotte show . Yet after being prescribed the antibiotic Cephalexin her health woes only grew worse ; an allergic reaction to the drug left Cyrus hospitalized for more than a week , according to a statement from her representative earlier this month . By April 25 she seemed back to her old self . If her Instagram photos are to be believed , pancakes were a part of her recuperation . Cyrus ' next "  Bangerz " stop will be Amsterdam , as she kicks off the European leg of her tour on Friday .	Miley Cyrus has rescheduled her postponed U.S. tour She 's added in two new stops to the calendar The performances are set for early August She had to postpone April concerts due to an allergic reaction
Washington  CNN  Josh Perry is a lanky , 26-year-old from Nederland , Texas with a good job on Capitol Hill and a healthy adoration for Taylor Swift . And every day , he pretends to be Ted Cruz on the Internet . As Cruz 's in-house digital strategist , it is Perry 's job to channel the freshman senator online , engage activists on Twitter and Facebook and promote Cruz 's media appearances and speeches . In just a few years , Cruz has gone from working as the state Solicitor General and as a corporate attorney to become one of the most talked-about politicians on the Web . Cruz began traveling to Iowa and New Hampshire in 2013 -- and his many conservative fans are eager to see him run for president . Perry joined Cruz in the early days of his Senate campaign in 2011 , when Cruz was an unknown candidate with little hope to defeat the establishment-backed Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst . Perry 's responsibilities on the campaign were two-fold : Help manage Cruz 's online presence and drive him to events around the state . On the day of Cruz 's first debate , Perry was driving Cruz in Houston when he ran a red light while fiddling with a GPS . An oncoming vehicle slammed into the driver 's side of his Dodge Caliber with a brutal crunch . No one was seriously injured , but it left $ 8,500 in damage to his car . Perry says he was "  unceremoniously promoted " after the accident -- to behind a computer . "  It was amazing how quickly we decided I should focus full-time on just the digital stuff rather than driving him around as well , " recalled Perry , who had driven Cruz around the state for ten months . While Cruz says he 's on Twitter "  constantly " through his iPhone , the senator leaves much of the leg work to his old driver , Josh Perry , who condenses the long-winded lawmaker into 140-character bites . "  Out of any staff in the office , Cruz trusts Josh the most with his voice , " Cruz spokeswoman Catherine Frazier told CNN . "  Josh understands his voice and understands what he would want to promote . " According to data from Facebook and Twitter provided to Politico in December , Cruz is mentioned more on social media than any other politician . Between Sept. 1 and Dec. 1 , Cruz 's accounts were mentioned on Twitter , 4.5 million times , which is 1.7 million more than former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and 2.6 million more than the closest Republican , Rand Paul . Cruz 's most popular tweets , unsurprisingly , tend to be when he sounds the most uncompromising . His most retweeted post in 2014 included a call to impeach Attorney General Eric Holder ; on Facebook , a joke about President Obama being the worst president in history received nearly 80,000 "  likes " and more than 18 million impressions on the site , according to data provided by Cruz office to CNN . That cohesion between Cruz and Perry dates back to the countless hours the duo spent alone together crisscrossing Texas during the campaign . Perry accompanied Cruz to scores of events and quickly memorized every line of Cruz 's old speeches . Perry , who prefers to stay behind the scenes as much as possible -- he declined to be interviewed on camera -- says part of the secret to Cruz 's success online is his willingness to engage on issues that supporters are eager to discuss . "  Half the time if you try to force issues and force messaging that 's not what your activists want to talk about , you 're doing damage to yourself , " Perry said . "  If you had somebody who did n't speak as well -LSB- as Cruz -RSB- or have the same type of personality , I could see it being a lot more difficult . I think that 's definitely a big part of it . But you 've also got to know who your audience is and speak to them . " That approach , however , has left Cruz with a list of enemies in Washington , where some in his own party sees him as a rabble-rouser and an ideologue who refuses to compromise . "  If you 're from Texas , that 's the right thing to do . That 's what they expect you to do , " Perry said . It 's easy to see why Cruz and Perry get along so well . In college , Perry was a member of the "  Young Conservatives of Texas , " a group traditionally known to be more conservative than the College Republicans at the University of Texas in Austin . As a point of personality , Perry also knows a thing or two about being a troublemaker : Late last year , he logged onto Frazier 's Twitter account when she was away from her desk and posted a string of silly tweets full of emojis and a solicitation of advice for where she could get a good dye job in Washington . "  Do n't ever leave your computer unlocked around him , " she tweeted after the prank . Perry got his start with the Texas Republican Party before joining Austin-based Harris Media , a digital strategy firm founded by GOP strategist Vincent Harris , who directed Cruz 's digital operations until late last year . Last November , Harris , a digital whiz who deserves a great deal of credit for Cruz 's success online , made a surprise move to work for Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , a potential future rival if both men run for the Republican presidential nomination . Perry said he did n't see it coming . "  We had just been meeting about some of the stuff that we would 've liked to get done and then it just came out of nowhere , " he said . "  It 's been a little interesting since he left to go do Rand 's stuff , but we still talk . We get along fine . No bad blood there . " In an email to CNN , Harris praised Perry 's work , but predicted that Cruz would face serious competition in the online space if he competes in 2016 . "  Josh has always worked incredibly hard and he has done a great job of remembering the importance of engagement when it comes to social , " Harris said . "  It has been a space that Senator Cruz has excelled in since 2011 but I 'm certain that it 's going to get harder for them as other big names with big brands join the fray . " While Harris ' departure came as blow to Cruz 's operation , it put Perry in a position to play a stronger role in the senator 's day-to-day online operation . Cruz 's online break-out moment came in September 2013 , when the senator began a 21-hour filibuster in protest of the presidents health care law on the Senate floor . Not knowing that his boss would remain on the floor for such a long time , Perry manned the Twitter feed through the night . Watching from a TV in his office that broadcast the Senate floor proceedings , Perry spent the night tweeting Cruz 's best lines . Cruz had mentioned his admiration for how Paul had spent part of his filibuster earlier that year to read tweets from supporters . So before the speech , Perry put out a call on Cruz 's Twitter account asking people to tweet at his account about Obamacare . Perry printed out the best submissions and ran them to the Senate Cloak room near the door of the Senate , where another staffer picked them up and put it in front of Cruz . "  Obamacare , " Cruz said , reading from the tweet on the paper . "  Ai n't nobody got time for that . " Perry immediately clipped a video of Cruz reciting that quote -- a reference to a popular Internet video about a woman who described escaping a fire -- from the Senate floor feed , uploaded it to YouTube and tweeted the quote from Cruz 's official account . Today , it has nearly 900 retweets . Perry remembers the moment fondly as his contribution to American political history . "  No matter what else happens , ` ai n't nobody got time for that ' is in the congressional record because of lowly ol' me , " he said . It would n't be the last time Perry would thrust Cruz into the pop culture conversation . Perry is an obsessive Taylor Swift fan -- and yes , this began before she branched out from the country music scene , he 'll have you know -- and he uses every opportunity he can to incorporate her into his work . In November , Cruz tweeted an auto-tuned video of Jonathan Gruber , the MIT professor who helped construct Obamacare , using the beat from Swift 's "  Shake it Off . " During Cruz 's Senate campaign , Perry made a point to see four Swift concerts in Texas in less than two months . Colleagues say he even logs into Taylor Swift fan message boards , and his personal Twitter page is full of Swift music videos , GIFs and photos . "  I admit I probably like Taylor Swift more than I should , " he said . His adoration seems to be spreading throughout the Cruz office , where a 2015 Taylor Swift calendar -- courtesy of his colleague , Frazier -- hangs on the wall . In December , the Cruz staff Twitter account posted a Vine clip from the "  Shake It Off " music video of Swift , dancing in a leotard while singing , "  Ca n't stop cruising ... " When he 's not thinking of Ted Cruz or Taylor Swift , Perry 's head is in space . Perry , a self-declared NASA geek , originally planned to study aerospace engineering in college , but he switched to political science . The shelf near his desk is decorated in toy spaceships that he 's collected over the years , and his personal Twitter page , beneath the bio , "  I like space • Life is better in GIFs • Pardon my Texan " is full of pictures of space shuttles  interspersed between Taylor Swift GIFs and emojis .  In early December he even traveled to Cape Canaveral , Fla. to watch the Orion space shuttle launch , which , of course , he live-tweeted . Perry 's space knowledge may come in handy next year , because Cruz is next in line to be the chairman of the Senate Space and Science subcommittee . That , however , may not be the most exciting part about Cruz 's year in 2015 . Cruz is considered a possible presidential contender , and if he runs , Perry said he believes Cruz 's digital groundwork that has served him so well in Texas would be ready to go national . "  Should it go that way , " he said , "  we 'd be in a good place to do it . " And for that campaign -- if it happens -- Perry wo n't be anywhere near a steering wheel .	26-year-old Josh Perry is the person Ted Cruz trusts most to speak for him online . Cruz is a possible contender for president in 2016 , and the most talked-about politicians on the Web .
CNN  -- If director Ron Howard hopes religious controversy will help sell tickets to "  Angels & Demons " the way it boosted his "  Da Vinci Code , " the Catholic Church is not playing along with his script . Tom Hanks reprises his role as professor Robert Langdon in "  Angels & Demons . " Howard , who premiered the follow-up in Rome , Italy , this week , said there was "  residual antagonism from ` The Da Vinci Code , ' " but Vatican officials ignored the movie by not responding to suggestions that the church was offended . The first movie based on Dan Brown 's mega-selling novels earned $ 750 million worldwide in 2006 . "  The Da Vinci Code " was intensely criticized by Catholics , especially those from the Opus Dei organization , a small but influential group within the Catholic Church whose members felt that they were vilified in the story . An Opus Dei priest who teaches history and literature at Holy Cross University in Rome said that "  Angels & Demons " has "  simply not been an issue " among those in the Vatican and that any controversy is a product of the movie 's marketing machine . Watch Howard make his statements " "  To be honest , I do n't think that anyone at the Vatican is paying much attention to the premier of the ` Angels & Demons , ' " Father John Wauck said . "  I was just talking with some people yesterday , I know friends of mine working in the Vatican , and they were surprised to learn that the movie was premiering in Rome . They had no idea . " "  I think the church 's attitude has been , from the beginning , ` hands off , ' " Wauck said . "  Especially , I think , after what happened with ` The Da Vinci Code . ' " The new movie is not as offensive , Wauck said . "  In ` The Da Vinci Code , ' there were serious issues , such as who Jesus Christ was or the nature of church in the course of history , but none of them is taken in ` Angels & Demons . ' It 's simply , you know , a thriller , " he said . The movie may even help Rome by promoting tourism there , which is "  not a bad thing , " Wauck said . But Howard suggested to CNN 's Neil Curry that controversy has carried over to the sequel . "  I think there 's some residual antagonism from ` The Da Vinci Code , ' " Howard said . Stirring people up with controversy is "  something that appeals to me , " he said . "  Part of the entertainment value is that people are going to go in there and have something to talk about or think about afterward , " he said . Howard said he tried to reach out to the Catholic Church . "  We 've even invited certain groups , members of the church , for example , to see early rough cuts , because I wanted to share it with them and know what they thought , and I felt they 'd find it not as offensive as they 'd imagine , " he said . "  Everyone 's declined to do that . " Howard himself downplayed reports that Rome and Vatican officials hampered production by refusing permission to film in certain locations . "  Probably a little more has been made of that , " he said . "  While I do n't want to reveal how we took people on the ` Angels & Demons ' tour and on the adventure , someday I might , maybe on the DVD or something , do a little better breakdown of how we got the shots we needed , " he said . Producers did resort to some "  low-budget street photography where you just pull up in a car , getting out of a van , clearing a little space and shooting a shot , " Howard said . This controversy , Wauck said , was also cooked up by the film 's marketing department . "  As a general rule , no commercial films are filmed in churches in Rome , and no exception was made for ` Angels & Demons , ' " Wauck said . The film , which like "  The Da Vinci Code " stars Tom Hanks as symbolism professor Robert Langdon , takes the audience inside the Conclave , where cardinals meet secretly to choose a new pope . "  One thing that was important to me and to all of us was to be as authentic as we possibly could be about what Conclave was like , that period when they 're trying to elect the pope , " Howard said . "  It 's a complete mystery . Outsiders are not allowed in . They stop rolling even their own Vatican archival footage when they lock the cardinals into the Sistine Chapel . " Set designers used old paintings and photos to recreate the scene , he said . "  I wanted to represent for the audience that with as much detail as I did going to the moon with ` Apollo 13 , ' " he said , referring to his 1995 movie about the aborted space mission . "  Angels & Demons " is the second of Brown 's Langdon novels Howard has turned into a film . "  There are so many reasons to do it , and when I really looked at ` Angels & Demons ' and realized that it was going to feel different , " he said . "  It was going to sound different . It was going to be paced in a completely different way because this is a real bona fide thriller . This is Langdon in jeopardy . There 's a ticking bomb . You know , it 's a murder mystery . " Howard said he will wait to decide whether he will make a movie based on Brown 's third Langdon novel . "  While I have n't read Dan 's next installment of the Robert Langdon adventures , I 'm dying to , " he said . "  I 'll also look to see how audiences respond to ` Angels & Demons . ' They 're going to tell us a lot . " "  Angels & Demons " opens in U.S. theaters May 15 . CNN 's Neil Curry and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	"  Angels & Demons , " new Ron Howard film , based on Dan Brown novel Brown 's "  Da Vinci Code " was controversial book made into controversial film Howard believes Vatican holds grudge ; priest says Church barely aware of "  Angels "
CNN  -- Mexican authorities say they 've rescued 94 migrants who were crammed into the back of a hauling truck in "  subhuman conditions . " They came from as far away as Nepal and as nearby as Guatemala , paying thousands of dollars to get to the United States , authorities said . Seven of them were minors . They showed symptoms of asphyxiation and serious lesions on their hands and feet when they were rescued , Mexico 's National Migration Institute said . X-ray equipment detected the migrants at a checkpoint in the southern Mexican state of Chiapas early Tuesday morning . The driver of the truck has been turned over to prosecutors on suspicion of human trafficking , and the migrants are receiving medical , psychological and legal assistance , Chiapas state prosecutors said in a statement . Photos released by local police show migrants sitting on the ground as an official toting a stethoscope tends to them . It was not immediately clear where the migrants would go . The group included 45 Guatemalans , 23 Salvadorans , 10 Nepalese and 9 Bangladeshis and 7 Hondurans , authorities said . "  The migrants had paid different amounts for the transport , according to their nationality , " the migration institute said . "  In the case of the Central Americas , the tariff was between $ 4,000 and $ 5,000 , and the Asians from $ 6,000 to $ 8,000 . " Last week , Mexican authorities rescued 81 migrants they said were held captive in the border city of Reynosa . And in June , authorities said they rescued 165 migrants who were kidnapped as they tried to cross into the United States . Experts say many migrants passing through Mexico on their way to the United States are victims of violence along the Mexico-U.S. border , but the journey is perilous from the moment it begins . And the danger has grown as Mexico 's drug gangs expand their reach . In Mexico , Central American immigrants under fire CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Eduardo Aragon contributed to this report .	The migrants came from as far away as Nepal and as nearby as Guatemala Mexican authorities say X-ray equipment detected 94 migrants hidden in a truck They showed symptoms of asphyxiation , authorities say The migrants had paid thousands of dollars to travel to the United States
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak stepped down Friday and handed over power to the military , his nearly three decades of iron rule ended by a groundswell of popular protests that began January 25 . In a somber , one-minute announcement on state television , Vice President Omar Suleiman announced Mubarak 's resignation and said the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces will "  run the affairs of the country . " As Suleiman spoke , deafening cheers erupted among tens of thousands of Egyptians who thronged the streets of Cairo . It was a moment they had sought throughout long , often tense days of demonstrations -- some of them violent -- that demanded Mubarak 's departure . It was a moment that many in the Arab world 's powerhouse nation had not dared contemplate . Chants of "  Egypt is free ! " and "  God is great ! " rose from the crowds , dizzy in the honeymoon of their success . Some waved Egyptian flags ; others honked horns ; still others set off fireworks as they savored the scene . Two major bridges over the Nile River resembled congested parking lots , and partiers packed streets throughout Cairo . The state-run Middle East News Agency said some people had passed out from joy and others had suffered heart attacks . "  It was a sense of liberation for me , for every Egyptian , " said opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei . "  For the first time , Egypt has a chance to be democratic , to be free , to have a sense of dignity , of freedom . So it 's amazing . It 's just like something we never experienced in our lifetime . " A source with close connections to Persian Gulf government leaders said Mubarak , 82 , had fled to the Red Sea resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh , his presidency finished as abruptly as it had started in 1981 , when he ascended to power after the assassination of Anwar Sadat . The repercussions echoed far beyond Tahrir Square as the Swiss government moved Friday to freeze assets belonging to Mubarak and his family , said Norbert Baerlocher , a spokesman for the Swiss Embassy in Washington . In a speech to the nation Thursday night , Mubarak had indicated that he was delegating authority to Suleiman but made no mention of resigning . Disappointed crowds calling for his ouster grew in number Friday in Cairo and in other major cities . By Friday night , the protesters got what they were seeking . But amid the euphoria , ElBaradei sounded a note of caution . "  We have challenges ahead of us , " said the Nobel laureate , who some believe could emerge as Egypt 's next leader . "  I think we need to not worry about retribution . Mubarak needs to go , and we need to look forward . " Amre Moussa , the Egyptian secretary-general of the Arab League , told CNN that the country should focus on instituting reforms and establishing democracy . Asked how long it would take for the government to lift the 30-year-old state-of-emergency laws , he said , "  The sooner the better ... six , seven months . " Asked whether he will run for office , Moussa demurred . "  That is not an issue to discuss today , " he said . "  The time for such a question will come . " Wael Ghonim , the Egyptian activist who became a reluctant hero of the revolution but has made clear that he has no interest in becoming a political leader , predicted that history books would describe Mubarak as a dictator . Ghonim -- a Google executive on leave from his job whose Facebook page is credited with triggering the uprising -- was seized by security forces and held for 10 days . His powerful television interview after his release Monday galvanized the protesters in Tahrir Square . He said he had felt certain that Mubarak would be forced out after a revolt in Tunisia forced that country 's leader to step down in January , and he said he believed the Egyptian military could be trusted to respect the demands of the protesters . Many protesters had been calling for Egypt 's army , which is respected within the country , to take over as interim caretaker . Friday night , they voiced optimism that the military would pave the way for free and fair elections . Throughout the uprising , the military both responded to the protesters and defended Mubarak 's regime . It showed signs Thursday that it was assuming a greater role when the supreme council met without Mubarak , who was then still the supreme commander of the armed forces . Friday , it issued a communique stating that Egypt 's emergency laws , used by Mubarak throughout his tenure as president to rule with an iron hand , would be lifted , but only when conditions allowed . After Mubarak stepped down , a military spokesman appeared on state television , expressing appreciation to the former president and saluting the "  martyrs , " an apparent reference to those who died in the protests . Human Rights Watch has documented more than 300 deaths since the uprising began January 25 . Many of the pitched battles between security forces and Mubarak 's foes unfolded in the same places that were scenes of jubilation Friday night . But Friday 's revelry could not push aside the looming uncertainty over what will come next in the Arab world 's most populous nation and how Egypt 's revolution , which succeeded on the 32nd anniversary of Iran 's , might affect the region . Events in Egypt may extendfar beyond the country 's borders , Moussa said . "  Winds of change are sweeping the Arab world and the Middle East , " he said . In Washington , U.S. President Barack Obama said the people of this key U.S. ally have made it clear that "  nothing less than genuine democracy will carry the day . " He praised the Egyptian military for acting responsibly and said it now needs to help ensure a credible transition . Among other things , Egyptian authorities need to set about "  protecting the rights of Egypt 's citizens , lifting the emergency law , revising the constitution and other laws to make this change irreversible , and laying out a clear path to elections that are fair and free , " Obama said . But two miles from the White House , at a meeting of the Conservative Political Action Conference , Rep. Ron Paul , R-Texas , said that the United States had invested billions of dollars over the years "  propping up that dictator " and has little to show for it . "  Where do you think the money went ? To a Swiss bank account , " he said . "  It contributed to our debt , billions and billions of dollars , and all we get is chaos from it and instability . " A spokesman for Obama 's predecessor said Friday that former President George W. Bush "  congratulates the people of Egypt for taking an important and impressive first step toward freedom . " But the U.S. government 's applause for Egypt 's step toward freedom and away from Mubarak differed markedly from its previous stance . At a joint news conference with Mubarak in April 2004 at Bush 's ranch in Crawford , Texas , he offered support for his Egyptian counterpart . "  Egypt is a strategic partner of the United States , and we value President Mubarak 's years of effort on behalf of the peace and stability of the Middle East , " Bush said . "  President Mubarak can be confident in my friendship and America 's partnership as he moves forward to realize the hopes of his people . " Just where those hopes would lead was not clear in the heady hours after Mubarak 's resignation . What was clear was that Mubarak 's imposition of military rule broke with Egypt 's 1971 constitution . The constitution allows for only two scenarios for a president to relinquish power . The first stipulates that if the president has to step aside temporarily , the vice president steps into the top role . That is what the regime briefly orchestrated Thursday . The constitution states further that , if the office of the president is vacated or the president becomes permanently disabled , the parliamentary speaker is to assume the role until new elections can be held . Those elections , in turn , must occur within 60 days . In opting for a third way , which put all power in the hands of the military , the regime in effect rendered the constitution inoperable . A high-ranking Egyptian military official said the army 's command was discussing whether to dismiss Mubarak 's government and parliament and when the next election would be held . But some analysts were sounding the alarm over the takeover by the military , which has suddenly become accountable for the nation . "  Suleiman 's statement is the clearest indication thus far that the military has carried out a coup led by Defense Minister Field Marshal Mohammed Hussein Tantawi , " analysts with Stratfor , a global intelligence company , said in a statement . "  Egypt is returning to the 1952 model of ruling the state via a council of army officers , " the statement said . "  The question now is to what extent the military elite will share power with its civilian counterparts . " Amnesty International warned that Mubarak 's departure did not mean an end to the police state . "  The repressive system that Egyptians have suffered under for three decades has not gone away and the state of emergency remains in place , " said Salil Shetty , Amnesty International 's secretary general . "  Those in power must grasp this opportunity to consign the systematic abuses of the past to history . Human rights reform must begin now . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Nic Robertson , Kurt Muller and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	NEW : Moussa says it could take 7 months before state-of-emergency laws can be lifted U.S. has invested billions "  propping up that dictator , " Rep. Ron Paul says of Mubarak Obama says the "  transition must bring all of Egypt 's voices to the table "
Like nearly everything else Clinton-related this week , Hillary Clinton 's convention speech remained a question mark until the last minute . The overriding goal for Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night was to redirect her supporters toward Barack Obama . Its content was a mystery to even some of her closest advisers , who told CNN hours before the speech they were n't sure it was finished quite yet . It was a work in progress until the very end -- and one of its strongest rallying cries appeared nowhere in the prepared text . "  That is our mission , Democrats -- Let us elect Barack Obama and Joe Biden , " the New York senator told a capacity crowd waving signs that said "  unity " on one side and bore either Clinton 's or Obama 's name on the other . So far , the Democratic convention has been dominated by news of the Clintons . What would Hillary Clinton say Tuesday night ? And what would her husband , former President Bill Clinton , say Wednesday night ? Would daughter Chelsea introduce her mother onstage , fueling visions of another Democratic dynasty ? And what will happen Wednesday , when the convention roll call will either provide the "  catharsis " Clinton predicted it might -- or reopen primary season wounds ? Watch Clinton 's entire speech " The overriding goal for Clinton Tuesday night was to redirect the energy and emotion of her strongest supporters to the presumptive nominee 's campaign -- if not for his political future , for her own . If the rank-and-file believe a schism in the party generated by her supporters cost Democrats the election , it could sabotage any potential White House plans for her . She pushed for her loyalists to back her primary season rival with language that echoed her stump speech about forgotten Americans : "  I want you to ask yourselves : Were you in this campaign just for me ? " she asked . "  Or were you in it for that young Marine and others like him ? Were you in it for that mom struggling with cancer while raising her kids ? Were you in it for that boy and his mom surviving on the minimum wage ? Were you in it for all the people in this country who feel invisible ? " Read what analysts say about Clinton 's speech She gave Obama the seal of approval on health care , an issue that made for some of her toughest language on the trail . "  I ca n't wait to watch Barack Obama sign a health care plan into law that covers every single American , " she said . There were a few notable gaps . There was little on foreign policy . There was no unequivocal statement that Barack Obama is qualified to be commander in chief and ready to lead from Day One . McCain advisers noted soon after the speech , there was no mention of the candidates ' differing stands on abortion -- one issue which might have been expected to resonate with those women who supported Clinton and have been slow to warm to Obama . But Clinton 's language about what was at stake this November could have been lifted from a speech by any of the most passionate Obama supporters . "  Nothing less than the fate of our nation and the future of our children hang in the balance , " she told the crowd . "  I want you to think about your children and grandchildren come Election Day . And think about the choices your parents and grandparents made that had such a big impact on your life and on the life of our nation . " Clinton has not addressed whether another presidential campaign is possible anytime in her future , but some of her senior advisers have been less reticent . There 's no way to tell whether their predictions come from inside knowledge or wishful thinking , but senior Clinton aides like former campaign chairman Terry McAuliffe and former campaign communications director Howard Wolfson have told reporters this week that they expect her to make another run for the White House in eight years -- after a two-term Obama presidency . If that happens , Tuesday night may have marked the first speech of her 2016 campaign .	Crowley : Sen. Hillary Clinton delivered with her speech at the Democratic convention Gergen : This was "  perhaps her finest hour in politics " Castellanos : Call it the "  lesser of two evils " speech
CNN  -- The weekend massacre at an upscale shopping center in Kenya is shining a new light on an old concern for Western counterterrorism officials : the recruitment of jihadist fighters from Somali communities in the United States , Canada , and Europe . It 's a concern all too familiar for many Somali-American families in Minneapolis , Minnesota , where young men have been slipping away to join the al Qaeda-affiliated guerrilla group Al-Shabaab for the past few years , sometimes in groups . Several have died , their relatives learning of their deaths in cryptic phone calls or in messages posted online . One of those killed was Burhan Hassan , who was killed fighting in Somalia . His uncle , Abdirizak Bihi , told CNN that members of the city 's Somali community have been trying to counteract the recruitment efforts . "  What we have learned for the last five years is we have to speak out against this , " Bihi said . Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with complex Nairobi attack In a message on its now-suspended Twitter page , Al-Shabaab named nine people it said were among the gunmen who stormed Nairobi 's Westgate Mall on Saturday . Three of them were from the United States and one each was from Canada , Finland and the United Kingdom , it said . "  It is n't totally surprising , given the fact that we know Shabaab has recruited in the United States , " CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen said Sunday . "  We also know they have recruited in a number of European countries . " Bergen noted that the group 's Twitter page includes tweets in colloquial English , "  the kind of English that an American , or perhaps somebody who grew up in the UK , would be using . " Al-Shabaab is fighting to implement a stricter form of Islamic law in Somalia , a struggle in which Kenyan troops have been directly involved since 2011 . Kenyan troops wrested control of the key Somali port of Kismayo from the jihadists in 2012 , and Somali government and African Union troops drove the group out of its strongholds in the capital Mogadishu in 2011 . As early as 2008 , the FBI warned that more than a dozen youths , some of them American citizens , had left Minneapolis , home to the largest Somali population in the United States . At least three are believed to have carried out suicide bombings in Somalia , where an internationally backed interim government has taken tenuous root after two decades of civil war and near-anarchy . Minneapolis ' Somali community "  is 100 % against terror , " said Bihi . But he said a lot of families arrive owing "  a lot of debt , " and community youth programs were "  almost nil . " Al-Shabaab recruiters engaged teens by providing them entertainment and role models , then "  brainwashed " them , he said . A senior State Department official told CNN that U.S. officials are trying to confirm whether the names released by Al-Shabaab are Americans , but said they are becoming more confident American citizens were involved in the Kenyan attack . The official said the administration has been concerned and raising alarm bells about Al-Shabaab recruitment in the Somali-American community for years and would be making decisions in coming days about additional efforts to stem the flow of recruits . How Al-Shabaab picks its targets In 2010 , a federal grand jury charged 14 people in the United States with aiding Al-Shabaab . Two women in Rochester , Minnesota , were convicted of soliciting more than $ 8,000 for the group under false pretenses , telling contributors the money was for the poor , and received 10 - and 20-year prison terms . The rest of those named in the indictment had already gone overseas , including Omar Al-Hammami , who became something of a jihadist rock star before falling out with the group and dying in a fratricidal ambush in 2012 . Hammami differed from many of the other recruits . He was raised a Baptist in Alabama , but converted to Islam as a young man and created rap-style recruiting videos that bridged American and Somali culture . Another man , Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed , was sentenced to more than nine years in March after pleading guilty to aiding Al-Shabaab . Ahmed was a native of Eritrea who had been living in Sweden before joining Al-Shabaab , prosecutors said . He was arrested in Nigeria and transferred to New York for prosecution . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Several young Somalis from Minneapolis have died fighting for Al-Shabaab Al-Shabaab says Kenya attackers came from the U.S. , Canada and Europe "  We have to speak out against this , " Minneapolis Somali leader says
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The British journalist recently freed in a NATO military operation described his Taliban hostage-takers as "  hopelessly inept , " and praised his Afghan colleague who died in the rescue . Journalists carry flowers to the grave of Afghan journalist Sultan Munadi in Kabul on Thursday . New York Times reporter Stephen Farrell described his four days in captivity in a blog on the newspaper 's Web site , posted late Wednesday just hours after he was freed . Taliban militants kidnapped Farrell and Afghan journalist , Sultan Munadi , on Saturday . During a pre-dawn raid Wednesday , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force plucked Farrell to safety , but did not retrieve the body of Munadi , who died during a fierce firefight between troops and Taliban militants . A British commando was also killed , as were a woman and child . There has been criticism about the rescue operation as well as the initial decision to go into the region which Farrell points out in his blog , "  was becoming more troubled by insurgents . " International troops , including British forces , have expressed their unhappiness about having to extract a Western journalist from the area , a Western military source in Kabul told CNN . Meanwhile , NATO has come under fire from a coalition of Afghan journalists working for foreign news outlets who called the pre-dawn raid "  reckless and double-standard behavior . " The Media Club of Afghanistan issued a statement Thursday saying it "  holds the international forces responsible for the death of Mr. Munadi because they resorted in military action before exhausting other nonviolent means . " "  There is no justification for the international forces to rescue their own national , and retrieve the dead body of their own soldier killed in action , but leave behind the dead body of Sultan Munadi in the area . The MCA deems this action as inhumane . " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown intends to send a "  private " letter of condolences to Munadi 's family , a spokeswoman for his office told CNN . In his first-hand account of the kidnapping , Farrell praised Munadi for "  trying to protect me up to the last minute . " The two had gone from Kabul to the northern Afghan city of Kunduz on Friday to investigate reports of a NATO airstrike in a Taliban-controlled area . Farrell said he and his colleagues believed the attack , which destroyed two tankers , would be "  a major controversy involving allegations of civilian deaths against NATO claims that the dead were Taliban . " He said they took precautions , including waiting until the next day to drive along the main highway in daylight . While they were interviewing locals about what happened along the riverbank , Farrell said "  a crowd began to gather , time passed , and we grew nervous . " "  I do not know how long we were there , but it was uncomfortably long , " he said . "  I am comfortable with the decision to go to the riverbank , but fear we spent too long there . " All of a sudden , some of the villagers shouted , "  Taliban " and their driver fled with the keys , he said . Farrell and Munadi tried to escape too , but they were captured . Munadi was struck with a Kalashnikov rifle , but Farrell said apart from that incident , the two were not "  subjected to any beatings , torture or ill-treatment over the next four days . " Their Taliban captors operated freely in the area southwest of Kunduz , and appeared to be the only armed presence , Farrell wrote . "  It became a tour of a Taliban-controlled district of Afghanistan , and that control appeared total , " he said . "  At no point did we see a single NATO soldier , Afghan policeman , soldier or any check to the Taliban 's ability to move at will . " Farrell said he and Munadi were "  paraded " around by their captors . "  We were paraded to the children in the street : the infidel and his translator , to be laughed at and mocked , " he wrote . The captors operated with relative impunity and , at times , "  their operational security was hopelessly inept " -- using Farrell 's name over their mobile phones "  heedless of who was , almost certainly , monitoring the calls . " They even played songs on the radio that praised the Taliban , he said . "  They were not making it hard , " Farrell wrote . At one point , he said they drove near what they said were watchtowers , manned by the Afghan government and NATO , "  gleeful at their daring . " "  They drove with headlights full on at night as they moved us from house to house , at least three different buildings a day , " according to Farrell . He said the Taliban captors seemed to be welcomed by some Afghan villagers , while others appeared "  more wary and formally polite . " During their captivity , Farrell said "  there were good hours , and bad ones , " as well as "  progress and setbacks . " It became harder for the captors to find safe houses , he said . On the third night , there was what appeared to be an attempt to free them , but their captors took them to another refuge within minutes . Then , on the next night , the aerial activity increased and their Taliban captors grabbed their weapons and headed outside -- leaving Farrell and Munadi behind . They ran out later , Munadi in front , and then became separated . Then , Munadi appeared again , holding out his hand to steady a faltering Farrell and they ran across a narrow ledge on the outer wall of the compound . "  I could hear Taliban voices shouting and shooting from trees to our left , I thought , " Farrell wrote . "  I could also hear indistinct voices ahead . We continued 20 yards along the wall until it suddenly reached the corner . " Munadi walked beyond that corner , out into the open , raising his hands and shouting , "  Journalist . " "  There was a burst of gunfire and he went down immediately , " Farrell wrote . "  In the dark , with firing all around , trees everywhere and my view obscured by him and the wall , I did not know whether the bullets came from in front , to his right or to his left . " At the sound of gunfire , Farrell reared back and dived into a wet ditch . After a few minutes , he heard British-accented voices and then screamed , "  British hostage , " flashing a camera light from the ditch . He said he told the soldiers that Munadi was lying behind him , and had possibly been shot . "  The body was lying motionless in the ditch where I had seen him go down , " Farrell said . "  I hoped he had dropped and was lying still . I knew it was n't the case . " The soldiers told him that "  they had his picture and would look for him , then dragged me away . " "  It was over , " he wrote . "  Sultan was dead . He had died trying to help me , right up to the very last seconds of his life . " Farrell said he was then taken onboard the aircraft , as the soldiers , most of them British , carried on some celebrations . But they fell silent after learning one of the rescuers died from the wounds sustained in the raid . "  His blood-soaked helmet was in front of me throughout the flight , " Farrell wrote . "  I thanked everyone who was still alive to thank . It was n't , and never will be , enough . " CNN 's Ingrid Formanek in Kabul , Afghanistan contributed to this report .	Freed British journalist : Taliban hostage-takers were "  hopelessly inept " New York Times reporter Stephen Farrell was freed by NATO forces in Afghanistan Afghan journalist killed with British commando ; woman , child die in crossfire Media Club of Afghanistan : Action "  reckless and double-standard behavior "
CNN  Cabela 's not a cat , but the young pit bull mix apparently had a few lives to spare . Tampa police found her shot and bleeding , tied to a set of railroad tracks in the city 's Sulphur Springs neighborhood on Wednesday . Folks called after they heard someone fire a gun . Cabela was hit by three shots -- two to the neck and one to the shoulder . Officers freed the pup from the tracks and rushed her to Tampa Bay Veterinary Emergency Center , where Dr. Jamie Davidson and staff stabilized and named her . The dog will have to have her front right leg removed because of the damage from the gunshots , but should be rehabilitated within a week , the vet said . "  Dogs rebound quick , " said Davidson , adding Cabela is in great spirits . "  Really , after everything that this dog has gone through ... she 's the sweetest , " she said . "  I mean she 's not angry with people . She 's not growling . She 's been really really good . " The cost of Cabela 's treatment will run several thousands dollars , but will be picked up by the clinic . Once she 's healthy , Cabela will be spayed , vaccinated and set up for adoption , where she will be paired with a "  good family , " Davidson said .	Police found the pup after neighbors heard gunshots Cabela is expected to be rehabilitated within a week Her treatment cost several thousand dollars
CNN  -- Two ships broke free Tuesday from the Antarctic ice that had trapped them off the continent 's coast . Cracks in the ice allowed the Russian research ship Akademik Shokalskiy to escape the ice field where it had been stranded for two weeks , Australia 's Maritime Safety Authority said . The Chinese icebreaker Xue Long , which had gotten stuck in the ice during an attempt to extract the Russian ship , broke free about an hour later , officials said . The Akademik Shokalskiy had been trapped in unusually deep ice since Christmas Eve with scientists , journalists , tourists and crew members on board . A helicopter ferried the ship 's 52 passengers to an Australian icebreaker last week . "  We continue to sail northward , changing courses and speed . The speed is 7 knots , " the Russian ship 's captain , Igor Kiselev , told the ITAR-TASS official news agency Tuesday . The captain reported that his ship is now headed to New Zealand , the maritime authority said . The Xue Long will remain on its original mission in the Antarctic , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency said . A U.S. Coast Guard icebreaker had been dispatched to help free the stranded ships over the weekend , but they broke loose before it arrived . Meanwhile , the international team of researchers who were flown off the stranded Russian ship are on board the Australian icebreaker Aurora Australis , which is ferrying them to Australia 's Casey Station on Antarctica . "  All well on @AusAntarctic Aurora , " team leader Chris Turney reported via Twitter .	NEW : Cracks in the ice allowed a Russian research ship and a Chinese icebreaker to escape 52 passengers aboard the research ship were evacuated last week Chinese icebreaker will remain in the region , while the Russian ship is leaving
CNN  -- What divorce rumors ? Say what you will about superstar couple Beyonce and Jay Z , but they appear determined to keep fans guessing . The conversation swirling around them has gone from "  Are they over ? " to "  Are they overjoyed about an addition to their family ? " As the pair wrapped up their very successful "  On The Run " tour in Paris over the weekend , there was speculation that Beyonce may be pregnant with their second child , a marked turn from the breakup chatter that surrounded the pair at the start of the tour in June . So how did the narrative switch so rapidly ? Apparently with very little help from Mr. and Mrs. Carter . Much as they did with the split rumors , the couple have remained mum about a potential new baby . Instead , fans have turned to their "  On the Run " concerts for clues , indulging in a guessing game that 's continued through the very last show . Rumors of trouble in paradise started after the now infamous elevator incident in May . After Beyonce 's sister , Solange , was shown on surveillance video fighting her rapper brother-in-law after the Met Gala in New York City , there were whispers that divorce was on the horizon . Yet Beyonce and Jay never responded directly to the gossip about a breakup . Instead , they released a statement following the elevator incident saying they were united as a family and announced their first joint tour with a star-studded trailer portraying them as an outlaw couple . Incidentally , the controversy did nothing to hamper the launch of their stadium tour ; "  On the Run , " which had 16 dates in North America and two in Paris , reportedly went on to gross more than $ 100 million . As the pair wound their way through their dates , every onstage interaction was picked apart for hints about their offstage relationship . There was the time when Beyonce changed the lyrics to her song "  Resentment , " about a faithless lover , to say "  been ridin ' with you for 12 years " -- the amount of time she and her husband have been together . She then stepped it up another notch with a remix of her song "  Flawless , " in which she sang , "  Of course sometimes s ** t goes down when there 's a billion dollars on an elevator . "  Beyonce and Jay Z have consistently been named among the top-earning couples in the music industry . Concertgoers were left to make their own decisions about what , if anything , was happening behind the scenes . During the show , scenes of the pair as outlaws flashed on the screen along with the words , "  This Is Not Real . " During their rendition of "  Young Forever , " the couple shared never-before-seen video of their wedding , family time and vacations with the words , "  This Is Real . " At the same time , there were reports -- like a July item in the New York Post titled "  Inside the crumbling marriage of Jay Z and Beyonce " -- which claimed that the pair were now more business arrangement than happy couple . But apparently someone forgot to tell the Carters that . They appeared to be very much together in August when Beyonce gave an energetic 16-minute performance at the MTV Video Music Awards as her husband and daughter , Blue Ivy , supported her from the audience . Jay Z and Blue then took the stage to present the singer with the MTV Michael Jackson Vanguard Award , and the family shared a tender hug on stage , causing even further head-scratching among some fans . And then came their last "  On the Run " show in Paris on September 13 . Us Weekly reports that Beyonce got emotional , wiping away tears as she said to her husband , "  I love you so much " before asking the audience to "  Give it up for Mr. Carter "  which is Jay Z 's legal name  . There has been no word from the Carter camp as to whether there is a blessed event on the way or not . That 's not unexpected , given that the couple have been notoriously private about their personal life , taking years to even acknowledge that they were a couple . They have been only slightly more open during their six-year marriage . The only sure thing is that fans will be able to see more of them on September 20 . That 's when their HBO "  On the Run " concert special premieres .	Divorce talk has now been replaced by baby rumors Tabloids report that Jay Z hinted his wife is pregnant The pair have kept the public guessing
CNN  -- An 85-year-old American man detained and later let go by North Korean authorities described his time in custody as comfortable . Merrill Newman , who returned to the United States this weekend , told the Santa Cruz Sentinel in California that he was kept in a hotel room , not a jail cell , and fed traditional Korean food during his detention . If anything , he was "  bored , " the newspaper reported he said . Newman had traveled in October as a tourist to North Korea on a 10-day organized tour . Authorities nabbed him just minutes before his Beijing-bound plane was set to depart Pyongyang . American ` deported ' by North Korea fought there 60 years ago For weeks , the North Korean government offered no explanation as to why they were holding Newman . An explanation finally came last month , when state media published and broadcast what they described as the Korean War veteran 's "  apology . " The word was written atop the first of four handwritten pages detailing his alleged indiscretions . In the note dated November 9 , Newman talked about his having advised the Kuwol Unit , part of the "  intelligence bureau " fighting against Pyongyang during the Korean War . He detailed how he commanded troops to collect "  information " and wage deadly attacks . "  After I killed so many civilians and  North Korean  soldiers and destroyed strategic objects in the DPRK during the Korean War , I committed indelible offensive acts against the DPRK government and Korean people , " Newman said , according to that report . When asked about the apology , Newman gave a smirk , according to the Santa Cruz Sentinel . "  Obviously , that 's not my English , " he said . Newman 's release coincided with a visit by U.S. Vice President Joe Biden to South Korea , where he laid a wreath in honor of those who died in the war that pitted North against South . A senior administration official said that Newman 's release was the result of direct contact between Washington and Pyongyang . The official said the North Koreans had told the Obama administration in a telephone call that they were releasing Newman ; no explanation was offered . In Palo Alto , California , Newman 's neighbors tied yellow ribbons around objects to welcome him back . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Merrill Newman , 85 , returned to the United States this weekend He speaks to the Santa Cruz Sentinel newspaper in California Newman says he was fed traditional food and kept in a hotel room
Naoma , West Virginia  CNN  -- West Virginia 's governor on Tuesday named a former head of the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration to lead a state investigation into last week 's coal mine explosion that left 29 miners dead . Davitt McAteer has overseen investigations into two previous mine accidents , the Sago disaster that killed 12 miners in 2006 and the fire at the Aracoma Alma No. 2 mine that left two workers dead . The West Virginia native served as the Clinton administration 's assistant labor secretary for mine safety in the 1990s and is vice president of Wheeling Jesuit University . "  Davitt has the experience and knowledge to lead what will be a complex and extensive investigation into this horrible accident , " Gov. Joe Manchin said in announcing McAteer 's appointment . "  We made tremendous progress in 2006 immediately following the Sago and Aracoma accidents , and I fully expect that we will learn even more from this and make dramatic changes to protect our miners . " The last bodies were recovered early Tuesday from the Upper Big Branch mine , the scene of the fatal explosion April 5 . McAteer was critical of the mine 's owner , Virginia-based Massey Energy , in the days after the blast . "  Some companies , and this appears to be one , take the approach that these violations are simply a cost of doing business -- it 's cheaper for us to mine in an unsafe way or in a way that risks people 's lives than it is for us to comply with the statutes , comply with the laws , " McAteer said last week . There was no immediate response from Massey Energy to McAteer 's appointment , but Massey CEO Don Blankenship said last week that its safety history is among the best in the industry . The Montcoal , West Virginia , mine received 458 citations from federal inspectors in 2009 , and more than 50 of those were for problems that the operators knew about but had not corrected , according to federal mine safety records . Inspectors cited the operators more than 100 times in the first quarter of 2010 , including six times for "  unwarrantable failure " to correct violations . Massey subsidiary Aracoma Coal pleaded guilty to 10 criminal charges and paid a record $ 4.2 million in fines and civil penalties in connection with the January 2006 fire that McAteer investigated . Manchin said the state owes an explanation for last week 's disaster to the families of the men who died in the Upper Big Branch mine , "  And we owe it to them and every coal miner working today to do everything humanly possible to prevent this from happening again . " Managers of two pension funds have called on Massey 's board to oust Blankenship , who has been critical of mining regulations in the past . "  Massey 's cavalier attitude toward risk and callous disregard for the safety of its employees has exacted a horrible cost on dozens of hard-working miners and their loved ones , " New York state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said in a written statement Monday . He said Blankenship "  must step down and make room for more responsible leadership at Massey . " New York 's state pension fund , which DiNapoli manages , has about $ 14 million worth of Massey stock -- a tiny fraction of the company 's estimated $ 4.3 billion market capitalization . But his call was echoed by the CtW Investment Group , which manages pension funds for about 6 million union workers . CtW blamed Blankenship 's "  confrontational approach to regulatory compliance " and the failure of the company 's board of directors to challenge him for the disaster . "  Under Chairman and CEO Blankenship 's domineering leadership , Massey Energy placed short-term production and profit goals ahead of prudent risk management , with devastating consequences for the corporation , its shareholders and employees , " the fund wrote in a letter to the board . "  In light of these consequences , the urgent need for new leadership is apparent . " The company has not commented on calls for Blankeship 's ouster , but said safety "  has been and will continue to be our top priority every day . " "  We do not condone any violation of Mine Safety and Health Administration regulations , and we strive to be in compliance with all regulations at all times , " it said in a written statement last week . Bodies of the remaining victims were removed overnight , said Jama Jarrett , spokeswoman for the West Virginia Office of Miners ' Health , Safety and Training . The bodies of seven victims had been recovered shortly after the explosion , and 13 bodies were removed Sunday . Until Sunday , U.S. flags on all federal buildings in the state will be kept at half-staff per a proclamation that President Obama signed on Monday . The mining disaster was the worst in the United States since 1972 , when 91 miners died in a fire at the Sunshine Mine in Kellogg , Idaho . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	29 miners were killed in an explosion last week Davitt McAteer named by West Virginia governor to lead investigation Mining disaster was the worst in the United States since 1972
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Three British guards jumped overboard and were rescued from the water after battling in vain to prevent pirates hijacking a chemical tanker off the coast of Somalia . Three British security guards board a helicopter to be transferred to a Royal Navy vessel . The Liberian-flagged Biscaglia came under "  sustained and heavy attack " early Friday morning , Nick Davis , Director of Anti-Piracy Maritime Security Solutions  APMSS  , said in a statement . The three APMSS-employed security guards -- all former British servicemen -- mounted "  sustained non-lethal resistance " but were unable to stop the attackers seizing control of the ship , Davis said . The trio were airlifted to safety by a German naval helicopter and flown to a French frigate after the vessel summoned assistance from coalition warships . They were later transferred to a British Royal Navy ship . All three were unhurt , Davis said . "  I have spoken with my team leader on the phone and he informs me that the level of violence was significant and forced them reluctantly to leave the vessel after every effort was made to ensure the safety of the ships crew , " Davis said . Pirates continued to shoot at the three in the water , Davis said . "  The hijacked vessel with pirates in control then attempted to run them down . " The Biscaglia is managed by Singapore-based Ishima and owned by Winged Foot Shipping in the Marshall Islands and was crewed by 25 Indians and two Bangladeshis who are believed to be still onboard . The vessel is believed to be on its way to an anchorage in Puntland , northeastern Somalia , Davis said . iReport.com : Share your view from ` Inside Africa ' Also Friday , pirates released the Greek ship MV Centauri , which was hijacked in September off the coast of Somalia , according to Andrew Mwangura , the head of the Kenya Seafarers Association . There was no immediate information about the 25 crew members on board the ship when it was taken . A multinational naval force including vessels from the U.S. , NATO member states , Russia and India has been patrolling the Indian Ocean waters seas near the Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea , following a sharp increase in pirate attacks in the region . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . So far this year , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off the coast of Somalia coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau 's Piracy Reporting Center . The most high-profile hijacking so far came earlier this month , when pirates seized a Saudi oil tanker carrying $ 100 million worth of oil and a crew of 25 , although that attack occurred outside the pirates ' normal operational range , 450 nautical miles southeast of Mombasa , Kenya . Pirates are still holding the ship . Another vessel held since September is the Ukrainian MV Farina , which was carrying a cargo of weapons and tanks and a crew of 22 . In an interview provided to CNN this week , a pirate leader claimed attacks on shipping would continue as long as life in Somalia remained desperate . "  The pirates are living between life and death , " said the pirate leader , identified by only one name , Boyah . "  Who can stop them ? Americans and British all put together can not do anything . " The interview was conducted in August by journalists working for the Somali news organization , Garowe .	3 security guards battle pirates , jump overboard as tanker hijacked off Somalia British trio were rescued from water by German naval helicopter Liberian-flagged Biscaglia also carrying 25 Indians , 2 Bangladeshis Pirates release Greek ship MV Centauri , held since September
London  CNN  -- They were four completely unknown men living in Liverpool in 1962 . Ordinary 20-something-year-olds who had formed what seemed to be a very ordinary rock band . Their names were John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Pete Best -- they called themselves "  The Beatles . " On New Year 's Day in 1962 , with the help of their manager Brian Epstein , the band recorded an audition tape at London 's Decca Studios . They included a collection of cover songs with titles such as "  Money , " "  Crying , Waiting , Hoping , " and "  Searchin ' . " CNN has not been able to verify the authenticity of the audiotape . The band hoped this audition tape would propel them into a record deal and give them the fame they so desperately wanted . Unfortunately for them , they were rejected by the record label . It turned out to be one of the worst decisions in music history . The Beatles were quickly snatched up by EMI Records and -- after drummer Ringo Starr replaced Best -- the rest , as they say , is history . Fifty years later , that very audition tape is being put up for auction in London . "  The tape is pretty unique because it captures a moment in history , " Ted Owen of auctioneers Fame Bureau told CNN . "  The quality is like sitting in a cinema with headphones on . It 's absolutely brilliant . That 's the most amazing part , the quality , " he said . This is the first time the audition tape has come out in public . Since early 2002 , the tape was in the possession of an American , but now it could be yours if you 're willing to pay . The tape has a starting bid of $ 32,000 , but Owen expects it to go for much more at the auction on Tuesday . "  Anyone who spends over Â # 20,000  more than $ 32,000  on it will be telling everyone on the planet that they own , " he said . "  It 's a trophy . "	The Beatles recorded an audition tape for Decca on New Year 's Day 1962 They performed covers of other bands ' songs Decca rejected the quartet , but EMI Records took a chance on them
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday praised Congress ' decision to extend the payroll tax cut while also pushing legislators to enact the rest of what the administration characterizes as its economic support plan for the middle class . The president declared he is prepared to move ahead with his domestic agenda whenever possible with or without congressional support -- a message with clear political overtones in the current election season . "  For a typical middle class family ,  the payroll tax cut  is a big deal , " Obama said . "  Now my message to Congress is do n't stop here . Keep going . ... This may be an election year , but the American people have no patience for gridlock  and  reflexive partisanship . " Obama outlined a number of proposals believed to have little or no chance of winning approval among Republicans on Capitol Hill , most notably the so-called "  Buffett Rule " designed to ensure people earning more than $ 1 million annually pay at least a 30 % tax rate . "  Wherever we have an opportunity , we 're going to take steps on our own , " the president said . "  We 've got a choice right now . We can either settle for a country where a few people are doing very well and everybody else is having to just struggle to get by , or we can build an economy where everybody gets a fair shot and everybody 's doing their fair share and everybody is taking responsibility . " The White House believes Republicans are more willing to make deals in the wake of a bruising fight over raising the debt limit last year , according to a senior administration official . Political analysts , however , note that even if Obama 's proposals fail to pass Congress , the president can draw a clear distinction between himself and his Republican opponents . Some analysts have speculated Obama is also laying the groundwork for a possible reprise of Harry Truman 's successful 1948 campaign against a so-called "  do-nothing " Congress . At the moment , however , Democrats are taking a victory lap for the extension of the payroll tax cut . The roughly $ 100 billion measure , a key part of Obama 's economic recovery plan , has reduced how much 160 million American workers pay into Social Security on their first $ 110,100 in wages . Instead of paying 6.2 % had it lapsed , they 'll be paying 4.2 % , a break worth about $ 83 a month for someone making $ 50,000 a year . The measure , which passed both the House of Representatives and the Senate last Friday , also extends unemployment benefits and avoids a Medicare fee cut for doctors for the rest of the year . Obama has promised to sign the bill into law when it hits his desk this week . The payroll tax issue proved problematic for Republicans , who were caught between competing goals of providing the tax cut and paying for it . GOP leaders this month acknowledged they angered voters by initially raising objections to the unpaid tax cut extension .	Obama celebrates payroll tax cut , urges Congress to pass other domestic initiatives Obama says he is prepared to move ahead with or without Congress The payroll tax cut extension passed Congress last week The tax break is worth about $ 83 a month for someone making $ 50,000 a year
CNN  -- Iran has made a significant advancement in its nuclear program with the completion of its underground uranium enrichment facility near the holy city of Qom , according to a report released Friday by a United Nations watchdog group . The International Atomic Energy Agency report stated Iran has now installed all of the nearly 2,800 centrifuges it will use to enrich uranium at the Fordow plant , but not all the centrifuges are operational . The IAEA also says Iran has increased its stockpile of both 5 % and 20 % enriched uranium , which can more readily be converted to a weapons grade level . Iran maintains its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , but the United States , Israel and other nations contend Iran seeks to build nuclear weapons . The Fordow facility was built into the side of a mountain , making it less vulnerable to attack . Israel has made it clear that completion of the plant could make it difficult to stop Iran if it decides to go ahead and build nuclear explosives . Iran still not cooperating with nuclear inspectors In August , the agency reported that Iran had stepped up its production of high-grade enriched uranium and had relandscaped one of its military bases in an apparent effort to hamper a U.N. inquiry into its nuclear program . Friday 's report said Iran still has n't allowed the agency access to the military site , called Parchin . The agency has been seeking access since January . The new report repeated the conclusion reached in August that "  extensive activities " at the Parchin site are certain to have "  seriously undermined " the agency 's verification process . Those activities include "  significant ground scraping and landscaping " with new dirt roads , the August report said . Many Western diplomats and nuclear experts believe the Parchin site has been secretly used to test high-explosive nuclear triggers , an essential step toward achieving a weapons capability . Iran denies that Parchin has any role in its nuclear program . "  The agency reiterates its request that Iran , without further delay , provide both access to that location and substantive answers to the agency 's detailed questions regarding the Parchin site , " Friday 's report said . "  Given the nature and extent of credible information available , the agency continues to consider it essential for Iran to engage with the agency without further delay on the substance of the agency 's concerns , " the report said . The IAEA once again stated that Iran is not cooperating sufficiently with the agency for it to conclude that the country is conducting "  peaceful activities . " The agency said that despite its effort to step up talks with Iran , the nation has offered no "  concrete results . " The agency 's director general is , in turn , "  unable to report any progress on clarifying issues relating to possible military dimensions to Iran 's nuclear programme , " the report said . IAEA and Iranian officials have scheduled a December 13 meeting in Tehran to address the ongoing issues in the country 's nuclear program , the report said . Putting a price on war with Iran CNN 's Matthew Chance , Ashley Fantz and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	NEW : Report says Iran has completed underground enrichment facility U.N. agency says Iran still has n't allowed it access to Parchin military site Director says there 's still no clarity on nuclear program 's possible military aspects Iranian officials and U.N. watchdog agency will meet on December 13 in Tehran
CNN  -- A dream vacation to most sounded like a nightmare to Julie Evans . In 2006 , Evans ' husband won an all-expense-paid trip to Hawaii , and scuba diving was one of the included activities . She wanted to go , but not enough to put on a bathing suit . "  It was at that moment that I realized that my weight was preventing me from living , " Evans said . A stay-at-home mom in Macomb Township , Michigan , 35-year-old Evans had been at a normal body mass index most of her life . But with the birth of first child , she started adding weight to her 5-foot-6 frame . Less than two years after the first , she was pregnant with her second child . Evans said her weight gain was a combination of "  pregnancy weight , a bit of depression and a whole lot of negative self-esteem . " During the pregnancy , her husband switched jobs , and was living in New York for a month during his training . After that , he began traveling frequently . "  I was at home with two kids under the age of 2 , " Evans said . "  I felt alone . " The weight kept piling on . At her heaviest , she says she was up to 287 pounds and wearing a size 24 . When she returned home from Hawaii , she was ready to lose weight , but was n't yet sure where to start . Thinking her way thin Her mother had been trying a different approach than most : "  hypnosis gastric bypass " with Florida-based certified hypnotist , Rena Greenberg . Evans saw the results her mother was getting , and in late 2007 , she scheduled an appointment with Greenberg . Gastric bypass surgery , sometimes called bariatric surgery , divides the stomach into a small upper pouch and a larger pouch that 's unused , physically shrinking the stomach 's capacity to hold food . The results are that patients are n't able to eat as much , due to their smaller stomachs . Hypnosis gastric bypass is exactly what its name implies . A hypnotist walks patients through a simulated version of gastric bypass surgery -- from meeting the doctor , nurse and anesthesiologist to describing the surgical procedure to leaving the hospital . After hypnosis , Greenberg said , the mind believes the stomach is smaller , decreasing appetite and shrinking the physical capacity for food . There are also other types of weight loss hypnosis -- some focus on retraining the brain to simply eat healthier or less . Because hypnosis is n't a mainstream weight loss method , there are limited studies about its effectiveness . In one 1996 meta-analysis that looked at six previous studies , researchers found participants who used hypnosis averaged a 15-pound weight loss at the end of treatment , compared to the control group who lost an average of 6 pounds without hypnosis . Study author Irving Kirsch noted that the studies he compared varied in the length of treatment time , ranging from two months to two years . Kirsch found a connection between longer treatment time and results , suggesting that the impact of hypnosis increases with time , and may be a useful tool for weight loss maintenance . A self-described sugar and carb addict , Greenberg found herself very ill at age 26 . "  I needed a pacemaker , and ... I saw an opportunity to change my lifestyle . " She developed the hypnosis program after her health scare in 1990 , and after using it herself , began passing it along to her patients . "  It 's about changing the way you think about food subconsciously , " Greenberg said . "  And it 's great for people who hate dieting , since they do n't feel like they 're giving up food . " Evans had three private sessions with Rena for three days in a row , and took home several CDs . An immediate change After her first session , Evans said she started craving spinach . By the next day , she said she was eating a quarter of what she had before . "  I physically could n't eat as much as I had been , and I only wanted really healthy things , " she said . "  I have n't had a soda since that day , whereas before , it was every day . " The weight came off steadily at the beginning . But as it does for many people , the losses eventually began to slow . After she lost 100 pounds , Evans started exercising in order to reach her goal . "  I love it now , but the first time actually going to the gym was the hardest , " she said . "  I felt like I was going into a shark tank . " It took two years to reach her goal of 150 pounds , losing almost half of her body weight . Evans has since maintained her weight for over three years . She does a lot of weight training and said she tries not to weigh herself , since muscle weighs more than fat . Instead , she prefers to say that she wears a size 6 , and has done so for years . Although gastric bypass hypnosis may help some people lose weight , experts say there are other benefits gained from the real surgery besides a smaller stomach size . "  There are changes in many gut and brain hormones after bypass surgery and other operations for weight loss , " said Dr. Ann M. Rogers , director of Penn State Hershey 's Surgical Weight Loss Program . "  This is why it 's becoming more common to call this ` metabolic surgery ' than ` bariatric surgery . ' " Rogers said that the hunger hormone , ghrelin , drops post-surgery , helping patients to feel less hungry and eat less . There are also hormonal changes that improve the way the body processes sugars and fats , which can reduce the risk of diabetes and lower cholesterol . Although Rogers has read about people who 've been able to lose weight through hypnosis , she does n't think it 's for everyone . "  I do n't think as many people will have success with this as with metabolic surgery , " she said . "  Many people are able to lose weight through diet and exercise , but it 's keeping the weight off long-term that 's the challenge . " Three years of success But for Evans , hypnosis worked and she 's beaten the odds by keeping the weight off . She does n't listen to Greenberg 's CDs every day anymore but uses them on an "  as needed basis . " Her husband , Brian Evans , said that his wife 's determination to eat well and exercise daily has been a positive influence on the rest of the family . "  I certainly live a more healthy and active life than I did before . " "  She has proven to  our children  that it is possible to overcome obstacles , regardless of how imposing they might seem , " he said . "  You have to work hard for the things you want to achieve . " Although Evans still has n't gone scuba diving , she said she 's ready and waiting for the chance to experience what she missed when her weight was holding her back .	Julie Evans lost 140 pounds after having gastric bypass surgery hypnosis After hypnosis , Evans says she believed her stomach was smaller , so she ate less Evans has maintained her goal weight for more than 3 years
ANTIOCH , California  CNN  -- Phillip Garrido and his wife , Nancy , will face 29 felony counts after being accused of kidnapping Jaycee Lee Dugard when she was 11 and keeping her in their backyard since 1991 , the district attorney of El Dorado County , California , said Friday . Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender , was arraigned in California on Friday . The Garridos are each facing charges of kidnapping someone under 14 years of age , kidnapping for sexual purposes , forcible rape and forcible lewd acts on a child . The maximum penalty for both defendants would be life imprisonment . Authorities are looking into Garrido 's possible connection to other crimes . Hear interview with Garrido " A search warrant was issued for Garrido 's home in connection with killings that occurred in the 1990s , a spokesman for the Contra Costa Sheriff 's Department said Friday . Pittsburg , California , police obtained the search warrant , said the spokesman , Jimmy Lee . Earlier Friday , a California sheriff also admitted that his organization "  missed an opportunity " nearly three years ago to find Dugard . Someone called 911 on November 30 , 2006 , to say that a woman and young children were living in tents in the backyard of Phillip Garrido , said Sheriff Warren E. Rupf of Contra Costa County , California , on Friday . "  This is not an acceptable outcome , " he said . Watch Rupf talk about the ` missed opportunity ' " The responding sheriff 's deputy spoke with Garrido , a registered sex offender , in the front yard of his house . "  None of us , particularly law enforcement , should believe a word that one of these animals utters , " Rupf said when asked about the lessons learned from the missed opportunity . "  If there 's a sophistication -LSB- about sex offenders -RSB- in any regard , it 's in misrepresenting who they are and what motivates them . "  We took things he said obviously at face value and did not properly brand him . " Rupf also said that "  to the best of his knowledge , " the deputy did n't know that Garrido was a sex offender . The deputy determined that no crime had been committed even though he did not enter or ask to enter the backyard , the sheriff said . "  We should have been more inquisitive , more curious , and turned over a rock or two , " the sheriff said . "  We missed an opportunity to bring earlier closure to this situation . " Dugard lived for 18 years in a shed and other outbuildings behind her abductor 's house , where she gave birth to two girls whom he fathered ; the girls are now 11 and 15 , police said . CNN policy is not to publish the names of victims when there are allegations of sexual assault . In this case , Dugard has been the subject of a 20-year public search and her image and name have been widely disseminated , making protection of her identity virtually impossible . Dugard was kidnapped in 1991 as her stepfather watched , helpless , in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California . Learn about some missing children who have been found alive " Investigators arrested Garrido on charges of kidnapping and abusing her after police discovered Dugard on Wednesday . "  The last 18 years have been rough , but the last two days have been pretty good , " her stepfather , Carl Probyn , told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Friday . Watch Probyn describe getting the news " Phillip Garrido , 58 , and 54-year-old Nancy Garrido were arraigned Friday in Placerville Superior Court in Placerville , California . They pleaded not guilty Friday . During their time living in Garrido 's backyard , Dugard and her two children apparently rarely ventured out of their compound , investigators said . Dugard "  was in good health , but living in a backyard for the past 18 years does take its toll , " El Dorado County Undersheriff Fred Kollar said . He described her as "  relatively cooperative , relatively forthcoming " in discussions with detectives . She was "  in relatively good condition , " neither obviously abused nor malnourished , he added . "  There are no known attempts by her to outreach to anybody . " The children did n't go to school or to the doctor 's office . Now they and their mother are being thrust into a strange new world . On Friday , Dugard began the long process of reuniting with her family . Watch about recovering from captivity " Terry Probyn , who is separated from Carl , spoke with her daughter Thursday and learned that she had two daughters of her own , he said . Carl Probyn said he expects Dugard and her two children to come back to Southern California , since "  that 's where we all live . " Garrido apparently maintained a blog in which he claimed to control sound with his mind . The blog now has numerous profanity-laced responses from people outraged over his alleged actions . In a rambling telephone interview from jail , Garrido told CNN affiliate KCRA of Sacramento that he was relieved at being caught . "  I feel much better now , " he said . "  This is a process that needed to take place . " The investigation went years without apparent progress until Tuesday , when Garrido showed up on the campus of the University of California at Berkeley with his two daughters and tried to get permission to hand out literature and speak , Kollar said . He did not know the subject of either the literature or the planned talk . Police officers "  thought the interaction between the older male and the two young females was rather suspicious , " so they confronted them and performed a background check on him , Kollar said . That check revealed that Garrido was on federal parole for a 1971 conviction for rape and kidnapping , for which he had served time in the federal penitentiary at Leavenworth , Kansas . The two female police officers contacted Garrido 's parole officer , who requested that he appear Wednesday at the parole office . Watch police talk about why they arrested Garrido " Garrido did just that , accompanied by his wife "  and a female named Allissa , " Kollar said . The presence of Allissa and the two children surprised the parole officer , who had never seen them during visits to Garrido 's house , Kollar said . "  Ultimately , Allissa was identified as Dugard , " Kollar said . Scott Kernan , undersecretary of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , said Garrido admitted having abducted Dugard . Dugard 's presence behind Garrido 's home since apparently went unnoticed in the neighborhood , where homes on one-fourth to one-half-acre lots typically sell for less than $ 200,000 , said Kathy Russo , whose father has lived two houses away from the Garridos for 33 years . Watch aerial view of backyard compound " "  My dad said he never saw a young woman , " Russo said , adding that her 94-year-old father considered Garrido to be a "  kind of strange , reclusive , kind of an angry kind of guy . " She said the one-story house 's backyard was obscured by trees and ringed by a wooden fence . In his jailhouse interview , Garrido told KCRA that he could not go into detail about why he chose to abduct Dugard . "  I have n't talked to a lawyer yet , so I ca n't do that , " he said . But Garrido said he had "  completely turned my life around " in the past several years . "  You 're going to find the most powerful story coming from the witness , from the victim , " he promised . "  If you take this a step at a time , you 're going to fall over backward , and in the end , you 're going to find the most powerful , heartwarming story . " He added , "  Wait till you hear the story of what took place at this house . You 're going to be absolutely impressed . It 's a disgusting thing that took place with me in the beginning , but I turned my life completely around . " Describing his two daughters , he said , "  Those two girls slept in my arms every single night from birth ; I never kissed them . " In a later comment , he said that , from the time the youngest was born , "  everything turned around . " CNN 's Taylor Gandossy , Tom Watkins , Stan Wilson and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Sex offender , wife plead not guilty at arraignment Authorities have search warrant for Garrido home relating to 1990 killings Victim reportedly kept in isolation in backyard with children fathered by captor Police : Phillip Garrido admitted abducting victim when she was 11
Washington  CNN  -- It cost more than $ 193 million for the Pentagon to implement the policy of removing gays and lesbians from military service over six years , a study says . The Government Accountability Office , the congressional watchdog agency , looked at the cases of 3,664 active duty personnel forced to leave the service from 2004 to 2009 because of the ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in the military . The cost came to an average of $ 52,800 to take each person out of the military and find and train a replacement , it found . And the report released Thursday says that 40 % of those service members had skills in a "  critical " occupation or foreign language such as Arabic , or both . "  Our calculation includes the cost to the services to recruit a new service member , provide him or her with basic training and graduate the service member from initial skills training in the occupational specialty in which a service member had been separated , " the report said . Of the cases examined by the GAO , 39 % , or 1,442 , service members who were removed under the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy held "  critical occupations " such as infantryman . Less than 1 % , 23 , had foreign language skills , like Arabic or Spanish , according to the report . But the GAO noted that the number of people with critical skills and occupations might be even higher because of problems compiling the information . "  Service members with critical occupations and important foreign language skills are not necessarily mutually exclusive groups because some critical occupations , such as cryptologic linguists and interrogators , require an important foreign language skill , " the report said . "  According to our analysis , 7 service members held a critical occupation and also held an important foreign language skill . " Congress approved a repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and President Obama signed that change into law in December . The Defense Department is now drafting its plans to implement the change . But for now the policy remains in force . Opponents of the ban had long claimed that it caused a talent drain on the military , forcing soldiers with critical skills to leave the military at a time when the nation was fighting two wars . Rep. Susan Davis , D-California , asked for the study . She said the GAO report solidifies her belief in the repeal . "  Clearly this was the right thing to do , " Davis said in a statement released by her office . "  No longer will American taxpayers continue to pay to throw out patriotic service members who want only to serve their country . "	Over six years , "  do n't ask , do n't tell " cost more than $ 193 million , the GAO finds The figure includes recruiting and training replacements for those tossed out The study found 39 % of those removed were in "  critical occupations "
Actress Amanda Bynes appeared to tweet Tuesday that she 's been diagnosed as bipolar and is on medication , but it was n't long before that admission became less clear . Although the initial tweet about Bynes ' presumed diagnosis was posted to her verified account early Tuesday , within hours , a separate tweet appeared to dispute it . "  I was at a friends apartment last night and one of my friends tweeted my phone , " the post said . "  sorry guys ! " It 's the latest in a series of confusing missives from Bynes , who made headlines in October when she turned to Twitter with shocking allegations of abuse . Those posts , which accused her father of verbally , physically and sexually abusing her , have been removed . But the more recent tweets suggesting that Bynes , 28 , has been diagnosed as bipolar were still visible on Tuesday . "  I was diagnosed bi - polar and manic depressive so I 'm on medication and I 'm seeing my psychologist and psychiatrist weekly so I 'm fine :D , " read one of Tuesday 's initial tweets . Bipolar disorder , also known as manic-depressive illness , according to the National Institute of Mental Health , causes intense emotional periods called "  mood episodes . " These range from manic  extremely happy  to depressive  extremely sad  . The disorder often appears in the late teens or early 20s and can be controlled with medication . Bipolar disorder and the creative mind Last month , Bynes was admitted to a Pasadena , California , facility on an involuntary emergency psychiatric hold , not long after she appeared to disavow responsibility for the accusations of abuse . "  My dad never did any of those things , " said a tweet on Bynes ' account on October 10 . "  The microchip in my brain made me say those things but he 's the one that ordered them to microchip me . " Later , a conservatorship hearing was held in which case a judge ruled that her parents will have control over her cash . Mental health help : Where to turn "  I need to get a restraining order against Sam Lufti , " said another tweet posted to Bynes ' account Tuesday morning , referring to celebrity manager Sam Lutfi . Yet another said her parents have limited her cash flow to $ 50 a day . "  I got discharged for not being gravely disabled , " the tweet read . "  But i am conserved and my parents only give me $ 50 dollars a day and it 's really annoying . ... I need to get an apartment and my parents wo n't give me access to any of my funds . " And so goes the latest chapter in Bynes ' very public history of odd behavior and criminal charges . The ups and downs of Amanda Bynes Bynes was arrested on a DUI charge in Sherman Oaks , California , in September . Her arrest report noted a "  disheveled appearance . " Bynes was charged with a hit-and-run in 2012 , hospitalized for treatment last year after a psychological evaluation and put on probation after a DUI this year . And she was arrested after allegedly tossing drug paraphernalia out of the window of her New York apartment in May 2013 . In September : Amanda Bynes arrested on DUI charge The latest episodes of odd behavior come a year after her parents told CNN their daughter was "  making great strides towards recovery " from mental illness . She enrolled into the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising in Los Angeles at the start of 2014 , but she dropped out in the summer . People magazine reported in 2012 that Bynes tried to emancipate herself while still a minor , though she never moved out entirely .	Amanda Bynes initially tweeted that she 's been diagnosed as bipolar She later tweeted that one of her friends tweeted from her phone She left up the prior tweets about a diagnosis She also criticizes the media , which she accuses of lying
CNN  -- It did n't get a ton of attention Monday , but Apple 's next mobile operating system means significant changes for how iPhone users send and receive messages . If you 're an Apple user , this is a big deal . Messages is the most frequently used app in iOS , and is how most users share texts , photos and videos with each other . With iOS 8 , coming this fall , Apple is borrowing features from popular messaging platforms like Snapchat and WhatsApp while unveiling some new tricks of its own . Here 's a quick look at the new messaging features announced at Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference . We 'll find out in a few months whether they catch on with users . Audio and video messages The text window in the next version of iMessage will contain a little microphone button . Users hold a finger down on the button , record a short audio or video message , and send it with the swipe of a finger -- all without leaving the app . In this way , Apple is taking a page from WhatsApp , which also allows audio and video messages . Facebook bought that startup , which has a huge user base overseas , in February for $ 19 billion . Audio files will appear in your Messages stream as jagged lines . Simply tap on them to listen to the message . Apple did not say Monday whether there will be a limit on the length of the messages . Self-destructing messages Photo and video messages that disappear after a few seconds have been popularized by Snapchat , the mobile messaging app that reportedly spurned multibillion takeover offers from Facebook and Google last year . This ephemeral format has been especially popular with teens and young adults who like to exchange silly or racy messages without fear they 'll be haunted by them later . Now Apple is getting into the game . Audio and video messages within iOS 8 will automatically vanish within a few minutes  Apple did n't say how many  unless you adjust your settings . "  You do n't want to have to clean these up . Audio and video messages can take up space , " said Greg Joswiak , head of iOS product marketing . "  So they 're set to self-destruct unless you choose to keep them . " Do not disturb Sure , group messaging threads among friends can be fun . But sometimes all the back-and-forth chatter gets out of hand . This feature lets you mute a thread for a while while reserving the option to rejoin the conversation later . "  If you 've ever been on one of those noisy threads that just keeps buzzing in your pocket ... you can choose when to leave , " said Apple Senior Vice President Craig Federighi , to applause from the audience . CNNMoney : Nice job , Apple . But I 'm not coming back Lock-screen functions If you 're in a hurry , responding to a message on an iPhone can be a little cumbersome : You have to punch in your passcode and then hit the Messages icon just to get started . With iOS 8 , users can listen and respond to audio messages without leaving the lock screen -- just by holding the phone to their ear . The phone detects when it 's next to your face , plays the message and lets you record a brief response . Lower the phone , and the message is sent automatically . "  It 's super easy , " said Joswiak . "  You can send a message ... just by raising it  the phone  to your ear . " This feature seems convenient but potentially glitchy if users send accidental messages just by speaking near their phone . There was no word from Apple on how to avoid this potential problem . Other stuff If your contacts choose to share them , their locations will pop up in group-messaging threads . For the first time , users will be able to add or delete someone in the middle of a group-messaging thread . And message attachments -- images and videos , mostly -- will be collected in one place so you do n't have to scroll back through longstanding threads to find them .	Apple 's iOS 8 will bring big changes for how iPhone users send and receive messages Apple is borrowing features from popular messaging platforms like Snapchat and WhatsApp Audio and video messages within iOS 8 will automatically vanish within a few minutes Group messaging threads will feature a "  Do Not Disturb " function
CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' career may or may not be on the wane , but the fortunes of his niece , Cheyenne are most definitely on the rise . The 23-year-old , who is the daughter of Tiger 's older half-brother Earl Dennison Woods Jr. , stormed to her first major tour title on Sunday winning the Australian Ladies Masters . Woods , fired a four-under par 69 in the final round at the RACV Royal Pines Resort course on Queensland 's Gold Coast to finish on 16-under , two shots better that 17-year-old Australian amateur Minjee Lee . "  This is a huge accomplishment for me , " Woods said afterwards at the event sanctioned by the European and Australian Ladies ' Tour . "  All off season I was just getting ready with my coach back home and he told me he thinks that this is my year , my time to finally get a win and to have it this early in the season is exciting , especially with the European Tour and then here in Australia , " she added . "  I 'm just really proud with how I played this week and followed through all four days and finished strong . " Woods , who turned pro in 2012 and joined the Ladies European Tour last year , had a one-shot lead after 54 holes and got off to the best possible start in the final round opening up with a birdie . A bogey followed at the fourth , but it was the only blot on her scorecard . A birdie at the ninth and then three more on the back nine , including a birdie four at the last , saw her secure top spot . Along with an elegant crystal trophy , Woods picked up a winner 's check for â ‚ ¬ 37,500  $ 51,000  , nearly five times more than Tiger has earned on the PGA Tour so far this year . Woods missed the cut in her last tournament -- the New Zealand Women 's Open -- but arrived in Australia with a new attitude , she said . "  I did n't play well last week but I came into this week with a new mindset , I worked on a few things and everything just kind of clicked . "  It worked out really well , after the first round I knew I could win , so from then on that was the goal . " Tiger Woods will next be in action at the Honda Classic in Palm Beach , Florida which gets underway on February 27 . Watch : Henrik Stenson 's $ 20m year Read more : Teen sensation Lydia Ko signs with IMG agency	Tiger Woods ' niece wins first major tour title 23-year-old Cheyenne Woods claims Australian Ladies Masters by two strokes "  This is a huge accomplishment for me , " Woods says following win Tiger Woods tweets : "  A great win and accomplishment . I 'm so proud of you "
Mental Floss  -- We all know about the Confederate states leaving the Union . But that was far from the only secessionist movement in American history . Here are some rebellious regions you wo n't find in too many history books . This map shows some rebellious regions that have tried to seceed from the United States . 1 . The Kingdom of Beaver Island Beaver Island , a small island in Lake Michigan , became the home of Mormon leader James Strang and his followers -- called Strangites -- in 1848 . Two years later , Strang declared himself king of the church -- complete with crown , scepter , robe , and a harem of 15 wives . However , most of the island 's inhabitants were his followers , so he essentially became King of Beaver Island . The power got to his head , and he began forcing his rule onto the non-believers , causing some violence between the two factions . In 1856 , the USS Michigan pulled into the harbor and invited Strang aboard . As he was walking towards the ship , he was shot in the back by disgruntled followers , who then ran up the gangplank and escaped . Adding to the mysterious circumstances , the assassins were set ashore on nearby Mackinac Island and never charged for their crime . Shortly after the assassination , angry mobs from surrounding islands eventually forced the Strangites from their homes , thus ending the short-lived Kingdom of Beaver Island . 2 . The state of Superior Concern over a perceived lack of interest from the Michigan state government , the people of the Upper Peninsula  U.P.  , affectionately known as "  Yoopers , " have been trying to secede and form the State of Superior since as far back as 1897 . The movement gained momentum after 1957 when a bridge connecting the U.P. region to Lower Michigan made it easier for southern "  Trolls "  people who live "  below the bridge "  and Yoopers to mingle . This animosity continued into the mid-1980s , when 20,000 signatures were collected and submitted to the state for a secession request . However , the number was shy of the 36,000 required , and the request subsequently denied . The secessionist drive lives on today , as numerous grassroots organizations are trying to muster support for another official attempt at an independent U.P. Until that day comes , though , the Yoopers and Trolls will just have to try to get along . 3 . The Great Republic of Rough and Ready Rough and Ready , California , was a mining town founded in 1849 by the Rough and Ready Company of Wisconsin . As the town 's population rapidly exploded to 3,000 , lawlessness was on the rise -- and the U.S. government was not much help squelching the rampant crime . Mental Floss : Three controversial maps Additionally , a new federal tax on mining operations added fuel to the region 's civil unrest . Seeing little support from Washington , on April 7 , 1850 , the townspeople voted to secede from the Union . But just three months later , as the Fourth of July approached , The Great Republic of Rough and Ready wanted to have a celebration  which seems odd considering they were no longer technically Americans  . When nearby Nevada City would n't sell liquor to "  foreign miners , " it was decided that maybe America was n't so bad after all . The townspeople voted themselves back into the Union on the very same day and the party went off as planned . 4 . The Conch Republic In the early-1980s , the U.S. Border Patrol set up a checkpoint at the entrance to the Florida Keys in an effort to stop illegal drugs and immigrants . The time to check everyone 's identification at the checkpoint resulted in a 20-mile traffic jam that turned tourists away , thus damaging the economy in the Keys . After numerous legal attempts to have the checkpoint removed , on April 23 , 1982 , Key West mayor Dennis Wardlow declared the Florida Keys were seceding from the Union . Moments later , now-Prime Minister Wardlow symbolically declared war on the U.S. by breaking a stale piece of Cuban bread over the head of a man dressed in a U.S. Navy uniform . One minute later , Wardlow turned to the Admiral in charge of the U.S. Naval Base at Key West and surrendered , thus ending the Conch Republic 's Civil Rebellion . He then immediately asked for $ 1 billion in federal aid to help rebuild his war-torn nation 's economy . While officially the Republic only existed for one minute , the tongue-in-cheek spirit of the rebellion lives on . Today you can buy Conch Republic citizen and diplomatic passports  both of which have been used for international travel , though they are not intended to be official documents  and even an official flag of the republic  complete with the awesome motto , "  We seceded where others failed "  . The community has even minted a series of limited edition one-conch dollar coins that can be used as legal tender while in the Keys . 5 . The State of Absaroka Feeling that the Democratic southern half of Wyoming was not working in conjunction with the rest of the state , a secessionist movement was launched by northern Republicans in 1939 to create a new state that would better serve its more conservative population . This state , Absaroka -- so named after the nearby mountain range -- was to be made up of northern Wyoming , southeast Montana , and the western region of South Dakota . While the secessionist movement was never very large or pursued through legal channels , that did n't stop A. R. Swickard , the street commissioner of Sheridan , Wyoming , from appointing himself governor of the "  state . " The movement went so far as to press Absaroka license plates and crown a Miss Absaroka beauty queen . Absaroka could even brag about a visit from a foreign dignitary , King Haakon VII of Norway  though he was officially visiting Wyoming and just happened to be in Absaroka  . Despite all of the hoopla , the state never came to be , and now , so many years later , the intent of the secessionist movement is in question . Some believe there was a genuine attempt to create a new state , while others say it was just a fun way for cowboys to distract themselves during tough economic times . 6 . The State of Jefferson Northern California and southern Oregon have been trying to merge since 1852 . The attempts have been met with mixed results , though the "  State of Jefferson " movement of 1941 came closest to making it happen . The region felt it was being ignored by their respective state legislatures , so in response the people created the "  State of Jefferson Citizen 's Committee " to explore the possibilities of secession . The group began stopping cars on Highway 99 to hand out the state 's "  Proclamation of Independence , " a pamphlet outlining the grievances they held and the solutions they proposed . To help rally their cause , they developed a state flag made up of a gold miner 's pan with two black X 's inside , representing the double-cross they felt the Oregon and California state governments had pulled . Mental Floss : Thomas Jefferson On December 4 , 1941 , Judge John Childs was elected governor of Jefferson in the state 's temporary capital of Yreka , California . The event was filmed by numerous newsreel companies who were set to air the footage during the week of December 8 . History had other plans , as the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor the day before the big premiere . Driven by a sense of national obligation , the Jefferson secession was put aside and never really regained momentum . While the official movement might have died out , the residents of this region still hold the concept in their hearts , with many identifying themselves even today as the population of the great state of Jefferson . 7 . The McDonald Territory Noel , Missouri , located in McDonald County in the far southwest corner of the Show Me State , has been a popular tourist destination for many years . Therefore , when the Missouri State Highway Commission left Noel off their annual "  Family Vacationland " map in 1961 , the region was not happy pleased . To display their dissatisfaction , McDonald County drew up papers of secession and presented them to the state legislature , declaring itself the independent McDonald Territory . The county went so far as to elect officials , form a territorial militia , and even printed up visas that were issued to visitors so they could travel throughout the territory . Perhaps the most lasting impression were the thousands of McDonald Territory stamps that were printed and sold throughout the area . While most agree that the secession was done purely for publicity , the state of Missouri was n't necessarily happy about the type of publicity it was garnering . So in order to end this mock rebellion , the state declared that state employee retirement pension payments would be suspended for McDonald County , all current state employees would be fired , and all state funding would be withheld . Needless to say , McDonald Territory surrendered and returned to being simply McDonald County , Missouri , once again . And here 's one more secessionist movement that 's been in the news this year . From 1995 to 2002  except for a few months in 2000  , Alaska 's First Dude Todd Palin was a member of the Alaska Independence Party . Fellow Mental Floss writer Jeff Fleischer has the story on the AIP : 8 . Alaska For decades , a well-organized separatist movement has campaigned to turn America 's largest state into its own nation . The bitterness dates back to 1958 , when Alaska 's citizens were given a simple yes-or-no vote on statehood . Many Alaskans felt they were denied more options on the issue , prompting a land developer named Joe Vogler to organize a re-vote that would offer Alaskans four possibilities -- remain a territory , become a state , take commonwealth status , or become a separate nation . Using the vote as his platform , Vogler ran for governor in 1974 -- and soon made a habit of it . With colorful slogans such as , "  I 'm an Alaskan , not an American . I 've got no use for America or her damned institutions , " Vogler spearheaded the Alaskan Independence Party  AIP  , and his campaign has twice topped 5 percent of the vote . Mental Floss : Nine modern-day independence movements More surprisingly , former U.S. interior secretary Wally Hickel got elected governor on the AIP ticket in 1990 . Unfortunately for the party , Hickel only ran on the ticket because he lost the Republican primary . Never a supporter of the plebiscite idea , Hickel left the AIP and rejoined the Republicans in 1994 . Today , the AIP continues to draw about 4 percent of voters statewide . And in 2006 , Alaska took part in the first-ever North American Secessionist Convention , joining other groups from Vermont , Hawaii , and the South . As for Vogler , he was murdered in 1993 -- reportedly the result of an argument over a business deal . On a brighter note , honoring his wish to never be buried in U.S. soil , Vogler was laid to rest in Canada 's Yukon Territory . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Mormon leader James Strang named himself king of Beaver Island , Michigan Key West mayor declared Florida Keys were seceding from Union in 1982 Northern California and southern Oregon have been trying to merge since 1852 "  Yoopers " and "  Trolls " are forced to get along in Michigan
LONDON , England -- France coach Raymond Domenech has again omitted striker David Trezeguet from his squad for this month 's friendly against Morocco and the Euro 2008 qualifier against the Ukraine . Happier times : David Trezeguet celebrates after scoring for Juventus against Torino . Trezeguet has scored scored 10 goals in 11 Serie A matches for Juventus this season -- including two hat-tricks -- but has failed to win his way back into the 24-man party . The 29-year-old , who last played for France in the 1-0 home defeat by Scotland in September , was furious after being dropped for the games against Lithuania and the Faroe Islands . He played no part as Domenech 's team overtook the Scots at the top of Group B with comfortable victories last month . The coach said : "  David is having a great start to the season with Juventus , but he 's in competition for a place . If we qualify , the Euro 2008 will be in eight months . A lot of things can happen in between . "  I hope David will help Juventus win the Italian league title and that he will be at the Euro 2008 with us , and that he will find his form again for France . " Domenech has again included young Lyon forward Hatem Ben Arfa , who made his debut as a substitute against the Faroes and scored the final goal in a 6-0 victory . Ben Arfa is joined in the squad by club-mate Karim Benzema , while Bolton 's Nicholas Anelka is also among the forwards named despite still recovering from an injury . Captain Patrick Vieira is ruled out due to injury , but the Inter Milan midfielder will join up with the squad anyway . "  A player of Patrick 's dimension is going to be missed , but we just have to accept it and get on with it . Pat should be coming to see us because he 's a leader , and he 's the captain , " Domenech added . France face the Moroccans on November 16 and then travel to the Ukraine on November 21 . Domenech 's team will qualify for the finals if Italy beat Scotland at Hampden on November 17 . If the Glasgow game ends in a draw , France will need at least a point in Kiev to book their ticket . France squad : Goalkeepers : M Landreau  Paris St Germain  , S Frey  Fiorentina  , U Rame  Bordeaux  . Defenders : E Abidal  Barcelona , P Evra  Manchester United  , W Gallas  Arsenal  , B Sagna  Arsenal  , L Thuram  Barcelona  , S Squillaci  Lyon  , F Clerc  Lyon  . Midfielders : A Diarra  Bordeaux  , L Diarra  Arsenal  , M Flamini  Arsenal  , C Makelele  Chelsea  , J Rothen  PSG  , J Toulalan  Lyon  , S Nasri  Marseille  . Strikers : N Anelka  Bolton  , H Ben Arfa  Lyon  , K Benzema  Lyon  , S Govou  Lyon  , T Henry  Barcelona  , F Malouda  Chelsea  , F Ribery  Bayern Munich  . E-mail to a friend	David Trezeguet omitted from France squad to play Morocco and the Ukraine The Juventus striker last played for his country in the 1-0 defeat by Scotland He was dropped for the wins against Lithuania and the Faroe Islands
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama will award the Medal of Honor to U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert J. Miller for "  conspicuous gallantry " and "  heroic actions " in Afghanistan in January 2008 , the White House announced Thursday . Miller will receive the rare honor posthumously for displaying "  immeasurable courage and uncommon valor -- eventually sacrificing his own life to save the lives of his teammates and 15 Afghanistan National Army soldiers , " according to a White House statement . Miller 's mother and father will join the Obama at the White House on October 6 "  to commemorate their son 's selfless service and sacrifice , " the White House said . Miller -- born in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , in 1983 -- enlisted in the Army in August 2003 as a Special Forces candidate . He became a Green Beret in 2005 and was based at Fort Bragg in North Carolina . The White House announced last week that Obama also intends to award the Medal of Honor to Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard Etchberger for his valor in saving the lives of three wounded comrades at a then-secret base in Laos in 1968 . After Etchberger saved his fellow airmen , he was shot and killed by enemy fighters . The ceremony for Etchberger is scheduled for September 21 at the White House . Fewer than 3,500 Medals of Honor have been awarded since the medal was established during the Civil War .	U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert Miller will receive the Medal of Honor Miller died while saving the lives of other U.S. troops and 15 Afghan soldiers Miller 's parents will be present for the ceremony awarding the medal on October 6 Another deceased vet -- Air Force Sgt. Richard Etchberger -- will receive the medal this month
CNN  -- Three-month-old Elayna Nigrelli has redefined what it means to be a miracle baby . She was born while her mother was technically dead . In February , Erica Nigrelli was teaching at a high school in Missouri City , Texas , when she walked into a co-worker 's classroom . Nigrelli said she felt faint , placed her hands on a table to steady herself and then passed out . Three teachers immediately grabbed a defibrillator and also began performing CPR . Kids in the classroom ran out , yelling for help . Nigrelli 's husband , Nathan , also a teacher , was just two doors down . He rushed into the room . "  Erica was lying on the floor , she was foaming and making gurgling sounds and just staring up , " he told CNN affiliate KPRC . He called 911 . "  My wife is pregnant , " he said , his breath heavy with panic . "  She 's having a seizure ! The baby 's due in three weeks ! " "  Oh my God ! " the 911 operator exclaimed . By the time paramedics rushed the 32-year-old to the hospital , doctors could not find a pulse . Her heart had stopped . Doctors delivered the baby by emergency cesarean section . Technically , it was a postmortem delivery because Erica 's heart was not beating . But then something remarkable happened . The doctors turned to Erica , and soon her heart started beating again . 3-D printer helps save dying baby Over the next five days , she remained in a medically induced coma , she told CNN , and doctors diagnosed her with a heart defect she did n't know she had -- hypertrophic cardiomyopathy . The condition causes the heart muscle to thicken . The thickening can make it more difficult for blood to leave the heart , forcing it to work harder to pump blood . Baby Elayna was in the intensive care unit for two weeks . On Friday , the couple appeared with her on CNN 's "  Early Start , " with Elayna on Mom 's lap , sucking on a purple pacifier . She weighs 8 pounds and is healthy . "  We feel great , " Nathan Nigrelli said . "  We have a wonderful baby . My wife is back to 100 % . The baby has n't shown any signs of trouble but is still on oxygen . The child will undergo therapy soon , but by all accounts her recovery looks to be on track and she 'll be fine . Erica Nigrelli believes that God was protecting her . She told CNN that she has a memory of being in the ambulance . "  I remember being bounced up , " she said . And she remembers seeing sunlight . When she came to in the hospital , she remembers the doctors telling her , "  You have your baby . She is in the hospital . " She saw Elayna three weeks after she was born . The two joked that if Elayna ever gets out of line , all her parents have to do is remind their daughter what they went through to bring her into the world . "  I have got , like , the best ammunition for the rest of her life , " Erica Nigrelli laughed . "  She can never do anything wrong . " CNN 's Jennifer Bixler and Aparnaa Seshadri contributed to this report .	Teacher Erica Nigrelli passed out in a classroom ; teachers did CPR , used a defibrillator Nigrelli 's heart had stopped , and doctors delivered her baby by C-section Doctors then revived Nigrelli ; later she learned she had a heart condition Today , baby and mother are well ; couple credits quick-acting teachers
