A border agent every 1,000 feet , every hour of every day , supported by 700 miles of fencing along the Mexican frontier . No green cards for the 11 million immigrants living illegally in America until those steps and others to enhance border controls are taken . And none of it increases the federal deficit or debt . A bipartisan group of senators unveiled a compromise on Thursday intended to ensure Senate passage of a major immigration reform bill with enough Republican support to persuade the GOP-controlled House to also take up the measure that is a priority of President Barack Obama . The bipartisan amendment would require 20,000 more border agents , completing 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico , and deploying $ 3.2 billion in technology upgrades similar to equipment used by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . The proposal , negotiated by a group of senators from both parties known as the "  Gang of Eight , " also insists on stronger worker verification and border entry-exit controls . Only after those five conditions have been met and verified by the Department of Homeland Security can undocumented immigrants get permanent residency , supporters said . GOP Sens. John Hoeven of North Dakota and Bob Corker of Tennessee introduced the compromise amendment , saying it incorporated proposals from other senators to try to fix a broken immigration system . Hoeven noted the bill would allow immigrants now living illegally in the country to get temporary legal status as "  registered provisional immigrants , " but the increased security measures must be in place before they can get green cards to make them permanent residents . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , a member of the "  Gang of Eight , " noted it would take "  a couple of years " to train and deploy the new agents in an expansion that would almost double the current force . The Department of Homeland Security would verify when the triggers for improved border security had been met to begin issuing green cards , Graham added . He also said the measure would include increased fees and other mechanisms to pay for the cost expected to exceed $ 30 billion , citing a Congressional Budget Office report that showed the broader immigration measure would bring in $ 197 billion in revenue over the next 10 years . "  I am very pleased to support what I think is the most dramatic amendment in the history of our country to get our borders secured , " Graham said . However , some conservative GOP senators remained skeptical that the proposal would address their concerns . Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions said the compromise means "  amnesty will occur , " and he complained that despite all the promises made by its sponsors and supporters , no written version had been produced so far . Sessions also noted that the compromise only came about in reaction to revelations about shortcomings in the original bill uncovered by critics including himself . Roy Beck , president of a group that opposes the immigration reform measure , called the compromise "  a desperate political move by pro-amnesty forces to provide cover to pass a bill that would otherwise not pass . " The amendment "  allows the massive increase in foreign workers that the CBO says will lower American wages and increase unemployment , " said Beck , president of NumbersUSA . In contrast , GOP members of the "  Gang of Eight " said they supported the plan . Veteran Sen. John McCain of Arizona said Congress must resolve the issue of 11 million undocumented immigrants "  living in the shadows " under the current broken system . Citing the nation 's "  Judeo-Christian " tradition , McCain asked if it was "  in our nation to come together and pass this legislation and not come up with reasons for not doing it . " Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake noted that he expected the compromise amendment would persuade a dozen or so Republicans to support the overall bill . "  This border security package will bring on a number of Republicans , " Flake said . "  We 've always said the bill would be improved through the process and this is part of that improvement . " Supporters want to win at least 70 votes in the 100-member Senate , hoping such a solid majority would give the measure much-needed momentum in the GOP-controlled House . Earlier this week , House Speaker John Boehner rejected having the GOP-controlled chamber vote on an immigration measure if it needed Democratic votes to pass . "  I do n't see any way of bringing an immigration bill to the floor that does n't have majority support of Republicans , " Boehner , R-Ohio , told reporters . Castro : GOP border security demands on immigration bill are ` not realistic ' Conservative Republicans oppose the plan as written because it provides a pathway to citizenship for most of the 11 million immigrants living illegally in the United States . They call such a move an amnesty for lawbreakers , and they fear the influx of likely Democratic voters in future elections . In addition , they reject the measure as a "  big government " approach that will increase pressure on entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . More moderate GOP leaders and legislators believe Republicans risk worse electoral damage if the party is blamed for blocking immigration reform . In last year 's election , Obama won a strong majority of the Hispanic vote in defeating GOP nominee Mitt Romney , and Republican strategists warn of similar results if the party is considered hostile to immigrants . Conservative Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , another Republican in the "  Gang of Eight , " said the alternative to immigration reform was keeping in place a broken system that has led to problems cited by opponents of the legislation . The first-term senator , who 's widely considered a potential 2016 contender for the GOP presidential nomination , told CNN that he 's not concerned about the political risk of tying his name so closely to such controversial legislation . "  The easiest thing to do politically is just not deal with the issue -- you know , give a couple speeches , and not play and get involved and try to solve it , " Rubio said . "  I 'm dealing with this because this is hurting our country badly . " Earlier , Vice President Joe Biden made an impassioned appeal for immigration reform on Thursday , telling a prayer breakfast with Latino leaders that "  it 's time we pass fair -- firm but fair -- reforms to bring these 11 million undocumented immigrants out of the shadows . " Opinion : Why cops should back immigration reform Calling the legislation "  the morally right thing to do , " Biden said "  it is not hyperbole in my view to suggest , that for the people we care about , we 're at the cusp in our generation of making hope and history rhyme . " McCain : Immigration reform wo n't hurt GOP at polls A CNN/ORC International poll released this week showed that a solid majority of respondents -- 62 % -- think border security should be the main focus of immigration legislation , with 36 % saying the legislation should emphasize a path to citizenship for immigrants living illegally in the country . The poll showed Democrats divided evenly on the question , while independents and Republicans strongly called for a focus on border security . CNN poll : big generational divide in immigration battle	Deal says no green cards for undocumented immigrants before border security steps GOP Sen. Flake expects a dozen more Republican votes due to the changes The deal would double the number of border patrol agents The goal is to increase pressure on House Republicans to pass an immigration bill
Swat Valley , Pakistan  CNN  -- On October 9 , a Pakistani schoolgirl who dared to speak out against the Taliban took a bullet to the head for her act of defiance . Now , as Malala Yousufzai lies in a hospital bed in Birmingham , England , the shock and outrage among her countrymen have given way to a new sentiment : What will the government do about this ? While the Pakistani news media debate how the country should respond to the attack , thousands of people nationwide have joined in rallies in support of the wounded 14-year-old . Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid The shooting has prompted an unusually strong and united reaction of disgust and anger among many Pakistanis , analysts say . "  There is a groundswell of sympathy for her and also a very strong demand for the Pakistani state to do something about this issue , " said Raza Rumi , director of policy and programs at the Jinnah Institute , a Pakistani research organization . Much of the discontent is directed toward the Pakistani Taliban , the extremist group that has claimed responsibility for the shooting and said it will seek to kill Malala if she recovers from her injuries . "  This has created a very bad feeling for the Taliban , " said Saleem Khan , an executive with a paper manufacturing company in the city of Lahore . Khan said he was "  crying and weeping " after hearing of the attack on Malala , who had defied extremists in the northwestern Swat Valley by insisting on the right of girls to go to school . Pakistani Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar , the first woman to hold that job , said Sunday that she thinks the shooting marked a "  turning point " in the ferocity of how Pakistan goes after Taliban offenders and extremist groups . "  Pakistan , at the diplomatic , political and every level , has been asking ... to take this matter seriously , to not let them  the Taliban  have a safe haven , " she said . Meanwhile , police in Birmingham said "  two well-wishers " were stopped when they came to the hospital overnight wanting to see the girl . No arrests were made , contrary to earlier reports from the hospital . Hospital director Dave Rosser said the intruders were "  probably people being over-curious , " but he added that the hospital is taking no chances and that tight security is in place . Standing with Malala : Teen inspires others to fight for education At a rally organized by the powerful MQM political party in Karachi , thousands of people gathered , some waving flags and banners with messages of support for Malala . "  Our prayers are with you , " read one . Another said , "  Malala --  an  attack on you is an attack on education and progress . " Social activist Saman Jafery said : "  If Taliban is a mindset , then Malala is a mindset , too . It 's a mindset of educated and empowered women . " Another of those at the rally , Haider Rizvi , said people "  do n't want the Taliban anymore in Pakistan , and after the Malala incident , it is time for people to stand up . " "  The message is right here ... all these people . They are condemning the act of the Taliban , " added student Ashwar Waqi . The Taliban , who operate in northwestern Pakistan along the border with Afghanistan , have fallen foul of Pakistani public opinion in the past , notably in 2009 , when a video emerged of the flogging of a teenage girl in the Swat Valley . The video provoked appalled reactions in Pakistan at the time , but "  the scale of protests for Malala are bigger , " said the Jinnah Institute 's Rumi . "  Even the right-wing mainstream media have expressed outrage . " The Taliban became increasingly unpopular among Pakistanis in 2009 as the military carried out an offensive against members of the group in northwestern areas . But the military operations failed to root them out altogether , and their continued influence in the region was demonstrated last week by the gun attack on Malala and two other girls as they were being driven home from school . The two other girls were less severely wounded than Malala . Opinion : One girl 's courage in the face of Taliban cowardice One of them , Kainat Ahmed , is being treated locally . She said she was so scared after the attack on the bus in which they traveled that she could n't sleep for two days . The 16-year-old girl is in the 10th grade . But despite the injury to her arm and the terror of the attack , Ahmed said she does not regret studying and hopes to continue . "  Girls ' education here is more important than boys ' because boys can have any jobs they want to but girls can not , " she said . "  I want to tell all the girls to continue their mission to get an education . " Interior Minister Rehman Malik , visiting the three girls ' school in the town of Mingora on Tuesday , said the name would be changed from "  Khushal Public School " to "  Malala Public High School . " A task force will be established to protect all girls ' schools in the region that are under threat of militants , he told reporters . "  I am not only grieved , the whole nation is grieved , " he said . The hunt for those responsible has made "  considerable progress , " Malik added , although he gave few details of the investigation . Authorities have forensic evidence , Malik said . Police Chief Gul Afzal Afridi of the Swat District said that 60 suspects are being detained , interrogated or investigated . "  We have sufficient evidence to find the culprits , " the chief said . "  Soon we will catch them . " Politicians and commentators in Pakistan have slammed the attack . But the condemnation of the Taliban has not been as universal . "  Everybody was angry that it happened , but not everybody was angry with the Taliban , " said Tazeen Javed , an Islamabad-based communications consultant who writes for The Express Tribune newspaper . The cricket star-turned-politician Imran Khan , who visited Malala in a hospital in Peshawar last week , has drawn criticism for not condemning the Taliban outright for the attack . Khan "  showed a lot of concern but could n't resist bringing in the issue of the drone strikes as a cause for this attack , which was a bit of a deflection , " said Rumi , referring to the drone attacks carried out by the United States in northwestern Pakistan that have generated resentment in the country . Certain commentators have also begun to question the official version of events , suggesting that the attack on Malala may be used as a pretext by the government for military action against the Taliban in the restive tribal region of North Waziristan . Gordon Brown : Millions face Malala 's fight "  The Malala incident is the CIA 's latest attempt to divide public opinion and incite conflict in Pakistani society , " Haider Mehdi , a contributor to the Pakistani daily The Nation , wrote in a column Tuesday . As the controversy about the attack rages in Pakistan , the doctors treating Malala thousands of miles away said they are "  very pleased " with her progress and optimistic that she will make a good recovery . However , she faces reconstructive surgery and there is "  still a long way to go , " said Rosser , of the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham . Her family is not yet in England to be by her bedside , but the Pakistani high commissioner is making arrangements on that front , he said . In the meantime , the 14-year-old appears to be "  every bit as strong as we had been led to believe , " Rosser said , adding that the consultant leading her care "  is impressed by her resilience and her strength . " Reza Sayah reported from Swat Valley and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We have sufficient evidence to find the culprits , " police chief says Injured schoolmate : "  I want to tell all the girls to continue their mission to get an education , " Malala Yousufzai is hospitalized in England a week after the Taliban attack on her Pakistan 's interior minister says the 14-year-old 's school will be named after her
CNN  -- Do you find yourself enviously clicking through pictures of celebrity homes on your lunch hour ? Instead of turning green over the multibillion-dollar estates of George Clooney or Brad and Angelina , why not follow their lead ? Plan your own getaway in a place where the stars have found solace , far from the fray . To make yourself at home  at least temporarily  in your own private villa , contact local rental agencies or do your own research on sites such as HomeAway.com . Or choose a lower priced hotel option and simply savor the same scenery that the stars enjoy . Once you arrive , feel free to pretend paparazzi are hiding around every corner in hope of snatching a candid of you , in all your celeb-y glamour . Lake Como , Italy Though George Clooney may not have invited you to his private villa , you can still have a grand time in the Italian Alps . The panoramic views from Hotel La Perla are just part of the reason visitors rave about the place . They also appreciate the large rooms with high ceilings , the serenity and the friendly , knowledgeable staff . A Como must-see is the marble and gold-inlay interior and high octagonal dome of the Cattedrale di Como . Under construction from the 14th century to the 18th , the cathedral displays traces of Gothic and Renaissance architectural styles , and is among the most important churches in Northern Italy . And do n't miss the spectacular views from the Funicular Railway , which makes the steep climb to the town of Brunate . Then savor the vista over wine and a fine meal at Ristorante Bellavista . North Carolina lures ` Hunger Games ' fans Maui , Hawaii For a taste of the Hawaii that Oprah enjoys , head to Upcountry Maui , with its fertile , rolling ranches and sweeping views . Vacation rental sites offer affordable Upcountry options , but you can also avoid beachfront crowds with a stay at the Banyan Tree House . After a simple breakfast , stretch out in a hammock , surrounded by flowers and shaded by giant banyan , monkeypod and jacaranda trees , or take a dip in the pool . Take an afternoon stroll to Makawao , a quiet cowboy town that 's now a center for artists . Explore the galleries and a glassblower 's shop , then stop by the Makawao Garden Café for lunch in a little courtyard , under the shade of a tropical tree . Diners call the restaurant "  a little Eden " that 's kind of like being "  in your own little rainforest . " Save room for dessert at T. Komoda Store & Bakery , which locals laud for their sticky treats like cinnamon snails and small donuts -- some glazed and some filled with guava jam -- sold five on a wooden stick . Visit Ulupalakua , Maui 's second largest cattle ranch , on the slopes of Mount Haleakala , where , in the mid-1800s , ranchers cultivated sweet potatoes , taro and sugarcane in the rich , volcanic soil . Other must-sees include the view from Haleakala Crater , the highest point on Maui , and Wailua Falls , the 200-foot , rainbow-making cascade dropping into a tropical rainforest pool that was featured in the opening scene of "  Fantasy Island . " World 's most outrageous hotel amenities Aix-en-Provence , France If a Brangelina-style extended stay at a mammoth South of France château is n't exactly in your mere-mortal budget , why not create a little adventure of your own with a rental in the heart of Aix-en-Provence ? Check out Aix en Appartements for listings ranging from garden studios to modern lofts to a terrace apartment overlooking the clocktower . Aix offers endless opportunities to explore thousands of years of history . Visit the Eglise Saint Jean de Malte , a fortified , 13th-century Gothic church . Stop in next door at Palais de Malte , built in 1676 , which is now the Granet Museum , featuring archaeology exhibits and collections of 16th to 20th-century paintings , including some by Cézanne . Then stroll the pedestrian streets full of shops in the old Roman town , where you can still see remains of the Medieval ramparts and the market motifs on buildings that played an important role in the region 's agricultural commerce . When hunger strikes , do n't miss L'Epicurien , a small bistro located just beside the Museum of Natural History , featuring creative cuisine with dishes that highlight seasonal produce . Diners rave about the squash soup with foie gras , the oyster ravioli and the raw , marinated cod . Five must-see Oscar film sites Taos , New Mexico Julia Roberts is said to love Taos for the escape it offers from big-city life . Surely you will , too . For a no-hassle getaway stay at the American Artists Gallery Bed & Breakfast , which offers in-room fireplaces , oversized Jacuzzi tubs and heated tile floors , as well as stunning views of the Taos Mountains . With house specialties including stuffed French toast , Navajo cornbake casserole and cheese biscuits , plan to swoon over the gourmet breakfast . You 'll appreciate that hearty meal while you 're at Rio Grande Gorge , where hiking , biking , horseback riding , whitewater rafting and hot air ballooning are all ways to enjoy the spectacular 800-foot canyon . If , by dinnertime , you 're not too worn out for walking , stroll from the inn to Lambert 's of Taos for their signature dish : pepper crusted loin of lamb with a red wine demi-glace , sautéed vegetables and garlic linguine . Then , on day two , head for the foothills of the largest peaks in New Mexico to visit Taos Pueblo , a complex of multiple-storied adobe buildings that have been continuously inhabited by Native Americans for more than 1,000 years . Tour the grounds and support the local artisans by buying mica-flecked pottery and silver jewelry at curio shops within the pueblo . Nashville , Tennessee When Nicole Kidman set up house outside of Nashville with country music megastar Keith Urban , the farm 's distance from Los Angeles and New York was a big part of the draw . Nashville 's warm , casual , down-home feel is easy to love . Even if you 're not a country music fan , visit the Country Music Hall of Fame for the rich Americana and the impressive curation . In addition to the diverse collection of costumes , memorabilia , instruments and photographs , the museum cleverly "  displays " the music itself using snail-shell spiral pods that allow you to sample recordings spanning decades in the genre 's evolution . Once you 're ready for a little irreverence about country music , catch a Doyle and Debbie Show , a parody act "  simultaneously lampooning and idolizing " the iconic duo tradition , which the Nashville Scene called a "  hilarious piece of low-brow inspiration turned into high entertainment . " For some serious soul food that diners call a "  damn fine meat and three , " head to At the Table in South Nashville . They close early so make yours a lunch visit . For dinner , try ChaChah for tapas .	Ca n't afford a second home ? Sample the good life with a rental For a taste of the Hawaii that Oprah enjoys , head to Upcountry Maui A Brangelina-style château might be out of reach , but perhaps an Aix-en-Provence pied-à-terre ?
CNN  -- Downton Abbey , with its snooty aristocrats and even snootier butlers , has never been somewhere for the likes of us . Until now . Highclere Castle , the posh British mansion that doubles as Downton in the long-running UK television series , is opening up rooms to paying guests . Bookings are now being taken for London Lodge , an historic gateway that forms a grand entrance to Highclere 's extensive grounds in the countryside west of London . Built around 1840 , the "  unique and luxurious " accommodation for two has , according to the estate , been restored over the past two years by the current Earl of Carnarvon and his wife  although they may have had help  . The rooms are split across the two buildings flanking the original gateway built in 1793 . Majestic Victorian castle On one side there 's a kitchen and sitting room arranged around a wood-burning stove . On the other there 's a double bedroom , bathroom and dressing area . There are no servants quarters , so guests should n't expect white-gloved flunkeys delivering their morning newspaper . And , since it 's unlikely to available during filming , there 's little chance of being witheringly insulted by the acid-tongued Dowager Duchess of Grantham . What is on offer is a chance to gaze enviously at one of Britain 's most majestic Victorian castles and the surrounding 6,000 acres of parkland . Situated to the north of the castle , the lodge will be available for Valentine 's Day 2015 and for selected weekends through the spring and summer . There 's no need to ask Carson to make the reservation . Weekend stays , priced from $ 545 per night , can be booked via the castle 's website . Highclere Castle , Newbury , Berkshire ; +44 1635 253210	Highclere Castle is the posh British mansion that doubles as Downton Abbey in the UK television series The castle 's 170-year-old London Lodge accommodation is now available for weekend bookings The lodge comes complete with a fully equipped kitchen , but sadly no servants
CNN  -- Pirates have released a Greek-owned vessel and its crew of 22 , months after hijacking it off Somalia , authorities said . The MV Filitsa was released Monday after the shipping company that owned it paid a ransom , said Michael Battzoglou , a security officer and spokesman for the owner , Order Shipping Co. . He did not say how much had been paid . "  All are well and safe , " he added . The Greek coast guard also said no one had been killed or injured on the vessel . The European Union 's anti-piracy task force NAVFOR issued a statement confirming that the ransom had been paid and the ship freed . It did not say how much money changed hands . The Filitsa was en route to Mombasa , Kenya , where it and its crew were to be checked over , then will continue to Durban , South Africa , Battzoglou said . Its progress will be monitored by NAVFOR , the task force said The bulk carrier was hijacked on November 11 off Somalia , near the islands of Seychelles , and was held at the pirate stronghold of Hobyo , on the Somali coast , the EU said . It was en route from Shuaiba in Kuwait to Dubai when it was hijacked . It flies a Marshall Island flag and is crewed by 19 Filipinos and three Greeks , the EU added . The EU mission 's main tasks are to escort merchant vessels carrying humanitarian aid for the World Food Programme , to protect vulnerable ships in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean and to deter and disrupt piracy . The coast off lawless Somalia has become a hub for piracy in the past several years . Three ships have been attacked in the region this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau . There were dozens there last year , the agency said . The pirates normally seek payment to release the ships .	NEW : EU anti-piracy task force NAVFOR confirms ransom had been paid Pirates release Greek-owned bulk carrier MV Filitsa and 22 crew Ship was seized off coast of Somalia in November 2009 Company that owned ship paid undisclosed ransom
Chicago  CNN  An Illinois teenager accused of trying to support ISIS pleaded not guilty Tuesday in federal court . Mohammed Hamzah Khan , 19 , had invited his family to join him in his plans to travel to join ISIS in the Mideast , authorities said . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is using warfare and terror in an attempt to create an Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and in Syria . The teenager 's mother , Zarine Khan , condemned ISIS and accused it of using social media propaganda to brainwash Muslim youths . She cited last week 's terror attacks in Paris that killed 17 people and allegedly involved a now dead suspect with ties to ISIS . "  We condemn this violence in the strongest possible terms . We condemn the brutal tactics of ISIS and groups like them . And we condemn the brainwashing and the recruiting of children through the use of social media and Internet , " the mother told reporters while reading tearfully from a statement . "  We have a message for ISIS , Mr. Baghdadi and his fellow social media recruiters : Leave our children alone ! " Zarine Khan said , as her husband , Shafi Ullah Khan , stood beside her . She was referring to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the mysterious boss of the terror group ISIS . Her son is charged with one count of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . The charge he faces carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . He wrote that he was leaving the United States to join ISIS , according to a criminal complaint . Authorities said they found a three-page letter in the bedroom he shared with a sibling in Bolingbrook , Illinois , in which he invited his family to join him . But he warned them not to tell anyone about his travel plans , the complaint said . "  First and foremost , please make sure not to to tell the authorities , " he wrote , according to the complaint . "  For if this were to happen it will jeopardize not only the safety of us but our family as well . " A round-trip ticket was purchased for Khan from Chicago to Istanbul , authorities said . Authorities arrested him at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago in October . Investigators searched Khan 's Bolingbrook home , where he lives with his parents , and found documents allegedly written by Khan that stated his intentions . In a letter , Khan wrote that there is an obligation to "  migrate " to ISIS-controlled territory . CNN 's Bill Kirkos and George Howell contributed to this report from Chicago . CNN 's John Newsome also contributed .	Zarine Khan , mother of teen accused of supporting ISIS , delivers a tearful public plea "  We condemn the brainwashing and the recruiting of children through ... social media , " she says Her son , Mohammed Hamzah Khan , 19 , pleads not guilty in federal court
CNN  A victim of a reported home invasion in Bristol , Connecticut , was found outside of the credit union where he works with what appeared to be an explosive device strapped to his body , authorities said Monday . The victim , identified as Matthew Yussman , chief financial officer of Achieve Financial Credit Union , told police that multiple attackers broke into his home Monday morning and attached a device -- subsequently believed to be fake , according to a law enforcement source -- to his body . A similar device was also strapped to Yussman 's mother , who was also in the home at the time of the break-in , the law enforcement source said . The suspects then ordered Yussman to go to the credit union in nearby New Britain and clean out its vault , according to the source . On his way , he called the credit union 's CEO and reported what was happening , according to police . Authorities responded , evacuating area residents , closing schools and shutting streets near the credit union , which was closed at the time of the incident . Officers found Yussman in a car , police said . He was cooperative , and shortly before noon members of the Connecticut bomb squad declared the device safe and turned it over to the FBI . "  There is no question that this was a scary situation , " said New Britain Mayor Erin E. Stewart . No injuries were reported in the incident . New Britain Police Chief James Wardwell said the FBI will analyze the device further , but declined to say whether the bomb was fake , citing the ongoing investigation . Bristol Police on Tuesday said they are seeking two men of medium build who were wearing dark clothing , ski masks and goggles during the home invasion . At least one of the men is white , and they spoke in "  distinct accents that were not consistent with being native to Connecticut . " The suspects possibly were riding in a white , older-model four-door Mazda and might have been "  in the Tunxis Mead and the area of Route 10 in Farmington during the morning of February 23 , " police said in a statement . New Britain police asked anyone with information to call the department 's tip line at 860-826-3199 . CNN 's Will Ripley contributed to this report .	Credit union employee tells police that intruders broke into his home in Bristol , Connecticut , Monday morning They put what appeared to be bombs on him and his mother , then sent him to rob the credit union , he says No one was injured , and police are still seeking suspects in the case
CNN  Team Cookie or Team Boo Boo Kitty ? If you 're a fan of the hit TV show "  Empire , " you will totally get that reference to one of the main rivalries on the series . If you are n't a fan , you may soon be in the minority . The show has become something of an industry phenomenon , with ratings growing every week . According to Variety , two weeks before the season finale , which is set to air on March 18 , ratings were up 53 % from its January 7 premiere in the coveted 18-49 demo and total viewership had risen 45 % , from 9.9 million to 14.3 million . Eight straight weeks of growth is almost unheard-of these days in broadcast TV , which has faced fierce competition from cable and streaming services . But Fox 's "  Empire " is doing the damn thing . The show revolves around the character of record label owner Lucious Lyon  played by Terence Howard  and his family , which includes three sons vying to take over his company and an ex-wife who took the fall for him and returns from prison intent on getting what 's hers . "  You 're so beautiful , " Empire , and here are some of the reasons why : Taraji P. Henson Henson has been in the industry for a minute , and despite critically acclaimed roles in films like "  Hustle & Flow " and "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button "  the latter of which earned her a best supporting actress Oscar nomination  , her career had n't really taken off . Not so now . Henson has sunk her teeth into the role of Lyon family matriarch Cookie . The character is hard-core and street smart and loves her family fiercely , even as she is also motivated by making money . The show 's co-creator , Danny Strong , told Entertainment Weekly that fans can thank Henson for the now infamous "  Boo Boo Kitty " nickname that viewers have come to love . When Cookie sneeringly calls her ex-husband Lucious ' new lady love , Anika Calhoun  played by Grace Gealey  , "  Boo Boo Kitty , " you want to yell at the screen , "  Get her , Cookie ! " "  So , basically Taraji is a genius , " Strong said . "  She 's a comic genius , but she 's also an incredibly powerful dramatic actress , and we 're utilizing all that in Cookie . " Watch for Henson to snag nominations next award season . It 's old school soapy Think "  Dynasty " and "  Dallas " for the 21st century . It has all the things that make prime-time soaps so delicious : sex , scores to settle , family tensions , violence and did we mention sex ? Set in the world of the music industry , there is plenty of glitz and glamor that is balanced with some seedy , dark underworld shenanigans to keep the plot moving at a pace that has viewers eagerly awaiting the next episode . That 's a feat given how so many audiences have gotten used to being able to binge watch to scratch that "  and then what ? " itch . It 's new-school hip "  Empire " has fully embraced everything that makes a modern drama modern . One of the primary story lines has been about homophobia , as Lucious Lyon and his son Jamal  Jussie Smollett  battle over Jamal revealing he 's gay . It comes amid tons of conversation in this country about gay rights . Series co-creator Lee Daniels , himself an openly gay man , has said he wants to expose the problem of homophobia in the black community . "  Homophobia is rampant in the African-American community , and men are on the DL  down low , meaning living a double life and sleeping with both men and women  . They do n't come out , because your priest says , your pastor says , mama says , your next-door neighbor says , your homie says , your brother says , your boss says  that homosexuality is wrong  , " The Wrap reported Daniels saying during the Television Critics Association press tour in January . "  And they are killing African-American women . They are killing our women . So I wanted to blow the lid off more on homophobia in my community . " The music is off the hook The show has managed to improve on what "  Glee " did and succeed at what the now-canceled NBC drama "  Smash " tried to do : fully incorporate music into the show and cross over to the actual music industry . Smollett has been the breakout star in this area . His mellow voice has carried some of the soundtrack 's more popular tunes , including the anthem to individuality , "  Good Enough , " which has more than 1 million listens on the streaming music service Spotify . Superproducer Timbaland  best known for work with artists including Jay Z and Justin Timberlake  and his protegee Jim Beanz are responsible for the show 's sound . Beanz told Rolling Stone the music has to be authentic and original . "  One of the things that Tim told me is , ` If it sounds like something you 've heard before , do n't do it , ' " he said . Of course the show has cashed in on the songs by making them available on iTunes . Fingers crossed for a possible "  Empire " tour featuring Smollett and other co-stars including Bryshere Y. Gray , who portrays youngest Lyon son Hakeem and who in real life raps under the moniker Yazz the Greatest . The awesome guest appearances You could have knocked us over with a feather when Courtney Love popped up on the show . Love had a bit role on this first season , as has supermodel Naomi Campbell and '80s actor Judd Nelson . The series has been hyping appearances from music stars like Jennifer Hudson , Mary J. Blige and Patti LaBelle . Given the popularity of the show , there 's no telling who will pop up on season 2 . Henson and Howard The love/hate relationship between Cookie and Lucious Lyon is everything . They have heat and many fans are rooting for the fictitious couple to reunite . Chalk it up to the longtime friendship between Henson and Howard , who also co-starred in the film "  Hustle and Flow . " Howard told BlackTree TV that he and Henson had to do a "  chemistry read " to show that they clicked . The end result has been magical . "  We have so much fun , " Howard said .	"  Empire " has seen its ratings grow every week Taraji P. Henson 's character is a favorite The music is a big part of the show
CNN  -- Croatia held off a furious late onslaught from Euro 2008 co-hosts Austria to win 1-0 in their opening Group B match in Vienna on Sunday . Emmanuel Pogagtetz , left , fouls Croatia striker Ivica Olic to concede the match-winning penalty . The Croatians took the lead in the fourth minute when midfielder Luka Modric coolly slotted home from the penalty spot after Emmanuel Pogatetz clumsily body-checked striker Ivica Olic in the area . Slaven Bilic 's team dominated the first half , and should have gone further ahead in the 35th minute but Olic 's strike partner Mladen Petric blazed over the bar with a left-foot volley after beating the offside trap to run on to Vedran Corluka 's cross . Austria 's main threat had come from set-pieces , but they were not able to capitalize on a string of corners . However , the home players kept battling in the second half and squandered a series of chances to level the score in the final 15 minutes . Martin Harnik fired over the bar on 78 as Croatia scrambled to clear the danger , then substitute Ivica Vastic had a powerful header well saved by goalkeeper Stipe Pletikosa , who then kept out another low effort by the veteran midfielder . Pletikosa also had to deny a driven shot from Umit Korkmaz , who also came off the bench , while another substitute in Roman Kienast flicked a header just wide from a free kick in the third minute of time added on . Croatia went into the tournament as one of the outside bets , having qualified top of their group ahead of Russia with a victory away to England which eliminated the British team . However , their chances of success were dealt a massive blow when top scorer Eduardo da Silva was ruled out of the tournament due to a broken leg . None of Croatia 's strikers managed to score in the warmup matches , and the Arsenal forward 's goal-poaching ability was sorely missed on Sunday . The winning goal came after Modric and Olic combined down the left wing from a throw-in , and Pogatetz clearly impeded the striker well away from the Austria goal . The Middlesbrough defender was booked for protesting the referee 's decision , but he could have no complaints with the ruling . Austria are the lowest-ranked of the 16 teams at the tournament in 92nd place , but showed great courage against a 15th-seeded Croatia side stacked with attacking talent . But they joined fellow co-hosts Switzerland in losing their opening match , following the Czech Republic 's 1-0 victory on Saturday . Croatia next play Germany on Thursday , when Austria take on Poland . Coach Bilic was delighted to start with a victory , but was not so impressed with his team 's performance . "  Some players were overwhelmed by playing at a great tournament but we started off with the best possible way -- with a win , " Bilic told reporters . "  In the first 35 minutes we played excellently , of course the early lead contributed to that . "  They exerted more pressure in the second half and I 'm sure that is not to do with a lack of strength from our players . But we confined ourselves to our penalty area too early . "  The last 15 minutes or so when they play all or nothing , you can do that -- but we started in the 60th minute or so . I did n't think the players were happy when they got back in the dressing room . I turned on the CD player and said they should sing because they won . " Austria coach Josef Hickersberger was left frustrated by his side 's failure to take their chances . "  This was the worst possible start you can have in an opening match of a major tournament , " he said . "  We took some time to recover , during the first 30 minutes we were nervous . "  For the rest of the match we were playing the way we should have been playing . We even dominated in the second half of the match . We had good opportunities but unfortunately we were n't able to score a goal , so we are empty-handed . In our remaining games we need four points to go through . " Austria : Jurgen Macho ; Sebastian Proedl , Emanuel Pogatetz , Martin Stranzl ; Joachim Standfest , Rene Aufhauser , Andreas Ivanschitz , Jurgen Saumel , Ronald Gercaliu ; Martin Harnik , Roland Linz . Croatia : Stipe Pletikosa ; Ivan Corluka , Robert Kovac , Josip Simunic , Danijel Pranjic ; Darijo Srna , Niko Kovac , Luka Modric , Niko Kranjcar ; Ivica Olic , Mladen Petric .	Croatia beat Euro 2008 co-hosts Austria 1-0 in opening Group B match Luka Modric scores fourth-minute penalty after striker Ivica Olic is fouled Austria battle back in the second half but miss a series of late chances Croatia next play Germany on Thursday , while Austria take on Poland
Washington  CNN  -- While 39 House Democrats voted with Republicans on a proposed fix to canceled insurance policies under Obamacare on Friday , sources on both sides said more would have defected without President Barack Obama 's mea culpa over the mess . As it is , the vote is an embarrassment for the President , but it could have been worse . Another 18 defectors could have given Republicans a veto-proof majority and ammunition to really pressure the Democratic-controlled Senate to take up the measure . But senior Democratic aides said that might have been possible before Thursday . That 's when Obama took action on his own , met with reporters to talk about it , and dispatched his Chief of Staff , Denis McDonough , to Captiol Hill to meet with Democratic lawmakers . One senior Democratic House aide described the mood of the caucus between Wednesday and Thursday as "  night and day . " Other aides echoed that sentiment . In addition to announcing his plan to try to repair the damage done under Obamacare , the President 's Q&A was as much about trying to provide political cover for Democrats in tough reelection bids next year . Some have been targeted by the Republican Party 's campaign machine . Almost all of the Democratic defectors fall into that category . Freshman Democratic Rep. Pete Gallego of Texas tried to play down his vote as a rebuke of the President . "  For me personally , it was an issue of giving some people some time to transition to do things in an orderly way . There 's clearly some issues that we 'd like to fix and make better , " he said . Rep. Ron Barber , another Democrat who faces a tough campaign next year in Arizona , also rejected the notion that a vote for the Republican bill would help undermine the entire Obamacare law . "  I think any fix that we can make , particularly when a problem arises , is good for the people back home . And look , the truth of the matter is : I 'm accountable to the people who sent me here , " Barber said . "  I respect our leadership on both sides of the aisle , but the leadership did n't elect me ; my constituents did . And I 'm going to make sure I listen to them , and do what I can to support them when they have problems and concerns , and that 's what I 'm doing in this case , " he added . Rep. Gerry Connolly of Virginia told CNN on Thursday he was undecided on how he would vote but ultimately decided to vote against the GOP plan after he was briefed on the President 's fix . "  The Upton bill did nothing to address the situation in which some individuals have had their coverage canceled by their insurance provider , " Connolly said . "  We can not allow Americans to be subjected to capricious cancellations , lifetime limits on their coverage , no coverage or unaffordable coverage because of pre-existing conditions and higher premiums based on gender for the same basic coverage . " The legislation proposed by Rep. Fred Upton would extend for a year those policies that were set to be canceled , and would allow anyone to purchase them . They are for the most part cheaper but they do n't meet coverage demands spelled out under the Affordable Care Act . The fix : Obama tries to dig out of his big Obamacare hole Obama After the President 's news conference on Thursday during which he said he "  fumbled " the Affordable Care Act 's launch , he immediately resumed his public relations tour touting the measure -- his signature domestic policy achievement . "  We 're not going to gut the law . We 're going to fix what needs to be fixed , " Obama said in Cleveland . After fix , Obama vows not to ` gut ' health care reform Friday , he was back at the White House working to keep his promise to address its shortcomings as the Republican-led House took its own action to reverse the insurance policy cancellations . Obama met with insurance company CEOs whose help he needs to carry out freshly announced rules that would allow those receiving health policy cancellations due to Obamacare to keep their plans for another year . The discussion with the CEOs , who represented the country 's major insurance carriers , revolved around the best paths for consumers to enroll in coverage . "  The discussion was productive -- the insurance CEOs and administration officials discussed the next steps in working with states and state insurance commissioners to use the new flexibility the administration announced to address cancellation notices going to consumers , " the White House said in a statement . Everyone attending the meeting "  stressed the importance of working together to minimize disruption for consumers as well as the need to continue to reach consumers with clear information about their options and choices . " The White House did not detail the meeting nor did it disclose what , if any , potential solutions were offered . John King : For Obama , a bad turn or a tipping point ? Senate Democrat alternative parked -- for the time being Despite Obama 's apology and efforts to make amends for saying previously that Americans would n't lose coverage under the law he championed , a couple of moderate Democrats in the Senate said they would still push for a legislative fix that goes a little further than the administrative steps outlined by the President on Thursday . "  I feel deeply responsible for making it harder for them , " Obama said on Thursday about Democrats who supported his bill and now face tougher reelection bids because of the law 's difficult beginning . Vice President Joe Biden joined one of those Senators , Kay Hagan of North Carolina , at a campaign event on Friday . But Democrats who lead the Senate have indicated , however , that they will not bring up new Obamacare legislation for a vote for the moment , wanting to first see how the President 's approach works . Republicans : We told you so Republicans have spent much of the past three years attempting to defund and dismantle Obamacare as unworkable and an illegitimate law since it was rammed through by a Democratic Congress without their backing and then signed by a Democratic president . They have held hearings and investigations and the House has had dozens of votes to weaken or repeal it . Now , GOP lawmakers are seizing the moment with the law under fire to effectively say "  we told you so . " House Speaker John Boehner recently called Obamacare "  a failure " and Democrats risk supporting it further at their political peril . Insurance companies The White House did not mandate the changes on policy cancellations but asked insurance companies to take the lead and offer extensions . Health insurers , as represented by the America 's Health Insurance Plans trade group , warned that last-minute changes in the law could "  destabilize the market and result in higher premiums . " The individual policy contracts that are most affected comprise about 5 % of the overall insurance market . White House , insurers locked in unhappy marriage At least one major insurer , Aetna , said it would allow for extensions , but put the burden on state insurance commissioners to approve the changes . These entities regulate industry and usually look out for consumer interests . They determine coverage standards and benefits . Insurers met with Obama at the White House on Friday where he said they would "  brainstorm " on the best approach for carrying out his rule changes . State insurance commissions Although they are ultimately responsible for allowing the extensions , an insurance commission source said state commissioners were "  not consulted " prior to the President 's announced administrative fix . 3 hurdles Obamacare must overcome The reason for many cancellations was that affected plans did n't meet new federal standards for minimum coverage requirements under Obamacare . This includes preventative care , maternity care and mental health care . Washington State indicated that it would not allow a year extension , saying that it is too complicated and disruptive at this late date . More than canceled insurance plans Canceled policies is not the only headache for Obama . The federally run website where consumers can purchase insurance , HealthCare.gov. , barely functioned on its launch October 1 . While improvements have been made , problems continue , making it difficult for people to enroll and browse plans offered by private companies . Including similar online exchanges offered through 36 states , overall Obamacare enrollment numbers for the first month underperformed with only 106,000 signing up for coverage . That 's far from the seven million over time that experts anticipate will be needed to ensure that Obamacare works economically . It relies heavily on younger , healthier participants to help cover the cost of insuring older people who need more health care services . A bright spot , however , is the enrollment of Medicaid , which has been expanded in 25 states under the new law . Nearly half a million people have signed up for benefits under the federal health insurance program for the poor . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Kevin Liptak contributed to this story	NEW : Obama and CEOs discuss steps to address policy cancellations , White House says The House votes on a bill to address canceled insurance plans Biden campaigns in NC with Sen. Hagan , who has pushed for changes to Obamacare Thirty-nine Democrats vote for GOP House bill aiming to reverse canceled policies
CNN  -- Surprise ! Jodie Foster 's now a married woman . The actress and filmmaker quietly tied the knot with her girlfriend Alexandra Hedison over the weekend , a rep for Foster confirmed to CNN . According to E! Online , which first reported the news , Foster and Hedison had been dating for almost a year . The entertainment site took note of the relationship last September after photos surfaced of Foster spending time with Hedison , a photographer/actress and an ex-girlfriend of Ellen DeGeneres . No other details are yet available about Hedison and Foster 's nuptials , although we wo n't hold our breath : Foster is notoriously private about her personal life . At the 2013 Golden Globes , she declined to give a "  big coming out speech " as she accepted her Cecil B. DeMille award , saying that she 'd already come out to those close to her . "  I already did my coming out about a thousand years ago , back in the stone age , " Foster said . "  If you had been a public figure from the time that you were a toddler , if you had to fight for a life that felt real and honest and normal against all odds , then maybe then you too might value privacy above all else . " In that speech , Foster expressed gratitude to her former partner Cydney Bernard , with whom she has two sons . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Jodie Foster quietly married her girlfriend over the weekend According to reports , they 'd been dating for almost a year No other details were immediately available Foster is notoriously private about her personal life
CNN  -- The Kansas House approved on Wednesday a controversial bill that would permit businesses to refuse services to same-sex couples on the basis of religious beliefs . The legislation , known as House Bill 2453 , passed 72-49 . It will move next to the state Senate . The bill reads , in part : "  No individual or religious entity shall be required by any governmental entity to do any of the following , if it would be contrary to the sincerely held religious beliefs of the individual or religious entity regarding sex or gender : "  Provide any services , accommodations , advantages , facilities , goods , or privileges ; provide counseling , adoption , foster care and other social services ; or provide employment or employment benefits , related to , or related to the celebration of , any marriage , domestic partnership , civil union or similar arrangement . " Equality Kansas , a rights organization , blasted the vote . It said the bill , if passed , would allow employees of government agencies to treat legal marriages as invalid . "  Kansans across the state are rightly appalled that legislators are spending their efforts to pass yet another piece of legislation that seeks to enshrine discrimination against gay and lesbian people into law , " said Sandra Meade , state chair of Equality Kansas . "  HB 2453 is a blatant attempt to maintain second-class citizen status for taxpaying gay and lesbian Kansans . " Same-sex marriage is banned in more than 30 states , including Kansas . Same-sex marriage is legal in 17 U.S states and the District of Columbia : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont , and Washington . Worldwide , 16 other countries  and parts of Mexico  also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of the nations are in Europe and South America . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	The legislation passes 72-49 ; it moves next to the Senate The bill would allow refusal on the basis of religious beliefs It "  seeks to enshrine discrimination , " says rights group leader
Chelsea Manning , convicted of espionage and imprisoned at Fort Leavenworth , has filed a lawsuit in federal court , claiming she "  has been denied access to medically necessary treatment " for her gender disorder . The inmate once known as Bradley Manning announced in August 2013 , the day after her court sentencing , that she is female . Manning is suing to follow grooming standards such as growing her hair longer and using cosmetics , and to receive hormone treatment "  in order to express her female gender , " said the suit filed Tuesday in district court in Washington . "  She brings this action to compel defendants -LSB- Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and the federal government -RSB- to treat her serious medical needs consistent with their obligation under the Constitution , " said the suit . If the requests are denied , said Manning 's lawyers , she "  will suffer continued pain , depression and anxiety and is at an extremely high risk of self-castration and suicidality . " A Kansas judge in April granted the former Army intelligence analyst 's request to formally be known as Chelsea Elizabeth Manning . "  I 've been working for months for this change , and waiting for years , " she said in a statement at the time . There was no immediate reaction from the government on Manning 's new lawsuit . The Obama administration is expected to give a written response to the lawsuit in coming weeks . Manning is serving a 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth , an Army prison in eastern Kansas . She was convicted last year of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to WikiLeaks in what has been described as the largest leak of classified material in U.S. history . Manning was found guilty of 20 of the 22 charges against her , including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act . At the time of her announcement that she planned to live as a woman , Manning asked for support and said she wanted to begin hormone therapy as soon as possible . "  I requested that the military provide me with a treatment plan consistent with the recognized professional standards of care for trans -LSB- gender -RSB- health . They quickly evaluated me and informed me that they came up with a proposed treatment plan . "  However , I have not yet seen their treatment plan , and in over eight months , I have not received any response as to whether the plan will be approved or disapproved , or whether it follows the guidelines of qualified health professionals , " Manning said . She said that lack of treatment continues to this day . Her supporters had indicated a lawsuit would be a likely option . Manning said she was diagnosed in 2010 with gender dysphoria , which her lawyers describe as "  the medical diagnosis given to individuals whose gender identity -- their innate sense of being male or female -- differs from the sex they were assigned at birth , causing clinically significant distress . " 5 things to know about gender identity Prisoners and male-to-female transsexuals , like Manning in particular , are at high risk of self-mutilation including castration , according to her legal team from the ACLU . Manning said Army officials have been too slow in responding to her requests for clinical treatment , grooming preferences and ultimate transfer to a civilian prison where she believes those requests would be better addressed . "  No decision to transfer Pvt. Manning to a civilian detention facility has been made , " said Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby in May , "  and any such decision will , of course , properly balance the soldier 's medical needs with our obligation to ensure she remains behind bars . " There was no indication when the district court would try the case or render a decision . The case is Manning v. Hagel  14-cv-1609  . Chelsea or Bradley Manning : Addressing transgender people	Manning is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage She announced that she is female the day after her sentencing Manning is suing to receive hormone treatment "  to express her female gender "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli sailors boarded two aid ships headed to the Palestinian territory of Gaza on Friday , the Israeli military said . While no resistance was reported , activists criticized the Israeli action as "  illegal " and vowed that activists "  will keep coming , wave after wave " to try to deliver aid to Palestinians in Gaza . Activists on board the "  Freedom Waves to Gaza " mini-flotilla were "  attempting to break the maritime security blockade that is in place in accordance with international law , " the Israeli military said , and were refusing to heed their calls to turn back . "  The boarding was carried out in line with directives from the Israeli government and after all attempts to prevent the vessels from reaching the Gaza Strip were made , but to no avail , " the military said . "  The boarding was carried out following numerous calls to the activists on board and during different points at sea . Following their unwillingness to cooperate , and after ignoring calls to divert to the port of Ashdod , the decision was made to board the vessels and lead them there . " Sailors "  took every precaution necessary to ensure the safety of the activists on board the vessels as well as themselves , " the Israel Defense Forces said . Activists will be handed over to Israeli police and immigration authorities , the military said . According to the activist organizers , this mission was the eleventh attempt to run Israel 's blockade of Gaza by sea . Five missions arrived safely in Gaza between August and December 2008 , with the rest intercepted by Israel . The activists said Friday that "  ground support crews lost contact with two ships , the Saoirse of Ireland and the Tahrir of Canada . " It said there are 27 civilian passengers . The boats are carrying medical supplies and letters of support for people in Gaza . The activists said the navy interrogated people on the Tahrir around 7:30 a.m. , when it was about 48 nautical miles from the Gaza coast . Thirteen minutes later , ground support crews lost contact with two ships . Asked by the Israeli Navy for their destination , Canadian activist Ehab Lotayef replied , "  The conscience of humanity , " the activists ' said in a statement . When they repeated the question , asking for final destination , Lotayef said , "  The betterment of mankind . " Kit Kittredge , an American traveling with the Tahrir , said Israelis made contact with the group and told them to change their radio channel . Kittredge said the group declined to do so . Late Thursday , two Israeli navy ships shadowed the ships before pulling back , the group said . The activists said the ships had been "  illegally boarded . " "  It 's clear that 27 civilians on two small boats , carrying only medicine , constituted no security threat to the Israeli state , and that the determination to keep them out is only a furtherance of Israel 's policy of collective punishment , a crime against humanity , " said Huwaida Arraf , spokeswoman for Freedom Waves to Gaza . "  Despite this Israeli aggression , we will keep coming , wave after wave , by air , sea , and land , to challenge Israel 's illegal policies towards Gaza and all of Palestine , " Arraf said . "  Our movement will not stop or be stopped until Palestine is free . " Jane Hirschmann , U.S. coordinator for the Freedom Waves to Gaza flotilla , said , "  Had the passengers been permitted to proceed to Gaza rather than being stopped on the high seas by armed force , there would have been no threat to their safety . The IDF 's statement is like the mugger promising to escort his victim home safely . " Ann Wright , one of the organizers of the Freedom Flotilla that attempted to sail to Gaza last June , said , "  It 's a little hard to imagine how 27 unarmed civilians on two small boats carrying medicine and letters threaten Israel 's security . Israel is simply determined to maintain its policy of collective punishment against the 1.6 million civilians in Gaza . This is a crime against humanity and violation of international law . Despite Israel 's consistent use of military force against nonviolent protests and demonstrations , activists around the world will continue to challenge the occupation of Palestine and the blockade and Gaza . " Passengers on the boats are from Canada , Ireland , the United States , Australia , and the Palestinian territories , the activists say . The flotillas have sparked international controversy . In 2010 , an Israeli raid on one flotilla ship , the Mavi Marmara , resulted in nine Turkish activists being killed , a development that led to the deterioration of relations between Israel and Turkey , once close allies . Israel was roundly criticized by many over the deaths . A U.N. report criticized Israel for its use of excessive force in the incident but described the blockade -- which activists call illegal -- as a "  legitimate security measure . " Israel says it is concerned about the smuggling of arms to Gaza militants intent on attacking the Jewish state . Gaza is controlled by the anti-Israel Hamas militant group , regarded as a terrorist group by the United States and Israel , But activists say Israeli embargoes of goods into Gaza from land and sea are collective punishment of civilians in what is a tiny and densely populated strip of land along the Mediterranean coast . Israel has said any organization or state that wants to give humanitarian aid to Gaza can do so in coordination with Israeli authorities via existing land crossings into the Palestinian territory . CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Nicky Robertson contributed to this report .	Activists are from different countries The ships will be diverted to the Ashdod port , Israel says Activists will be transferred to the custody of Israeli authorities No resistance was reported
Washington  CNN  -- The tale contains elements of a spy thriller : a soldier in Iran 's feared Revolutionary Guard turns spy for the CIA after concluding that the government that had promised democracy had instead ushered in oppression , violence and death . But , Reza Kahlili says , this is no novel . In his new book , "  A Time to Betray : The Astonishing Double Life of a CIA Agent Inside the Revolutionary Guards of Iran , " Kahlili offers a firsthand account of how he turned against the Islamic regime that he said has oppressed its people for three decades . In one of his first public appearances , Kahlili addressed a packed hall Friday at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Flanked by a bodyguard and disguised in a hat , mask and glasses , he spoke through a modulator that led Washington Post columnist David Ignatius to liken his voice to Darth Vader 's . Even his name is a pseudonym , all in an effort to protect his family , friends and contacts , he said . The author said that , after a peaceful childhood in Iran , he came to the United States in the 1970s for college , studying computer science at the University of Southern California , where he enjoyed a carefree life of parties , watching football and listening to Pink Floyd and Jethro Tull . He returned home after the sudden death of his father to find a country embroiled in change . Kahlili describes the immediate aftermath of the 1979 revolution against Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi as a special time in Iran . Iranians had been led to believe democracy was theirs , the clergy would n't interfere in their lives and the people would have freedom of speech , assembly and political affiliation , he said . Everyone was excited about the direction of the country , he said . It was then that Khalili 's friend told him about an opportunity with the newly formed , elite Revolutionary Guard , which hired him immediately . Reza said he quickly became disillusioned when he saw people being tortured and murdered and women raped in Tehran 's notorious Evin Prison . Repressing his countrymen , he said , was not what he had signed up for . But rather than quit the Guard and endanger his family , he contacted the CIA and began work as an American agent under the code name "  Wally , " he said . There was no magic watch or pen or fancy car like James Bond , he said , just a pencil and a notebook . He was trained in communications and deciphering codes . Kahlili said his role "  was to look and act the part of a devout Muslim enforcing all the new rules laid down by the mullahs . " "  A full black beard was a mandatory accessory to the Guard 's uniform , and I sported one along with every other member of the Guards . The image of a scowling , black-bearded Guard in uniform mustered fear and garnered respect . Playing the part of a zealot did not come naturally to me , and there were times I had to do things I dreaded : cautioning young girls to cover up , barking at kids for not displaying proper Islamic behavior , taking on the persona of a fanatic . I knew I would have to try to convince myself that doing these things allowed me to maintain my role -- and maintaining my role allowed me to contribute to the downfall of the organization to which I so fervently imitated allegiance . " He said he provided critical information to his CIA handlers about Iran 's role in the Iran-Iraq war , the Iran-contra affair , the bombing of the U.S. Marine barracks in Beirut and the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 , which he said was masterminded by Tehran . Kahlili described a CIA that knew little about what was going on inside Iran and was complacent about finding out the truth about the regime . He said he warned his case officers in the mid-1980s about the growing danger of the Guard , but said U.S. officials sat idly by , alternating indifference and negotiation with the regime he was working to take down . This "  misconception " of Iran , he said , has plagued America 's decisionmaking for three decades . After a few scares in which he thought his cover was blown , Kahlili left Iran , was granted asylum in the United States and moved to California . He said he no longer works for the CIA , but still provides the agency with information from his contacts in Iran about the regime , its nuclear program , its terrorist activities in the region and its continued oppression of the Iranian people . He said that , after the September 11 2001 terrorist attacks and the 2005 election of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadenijad , he decided to speak out publicly to raise awareness of the brutality of the regime . He predicted that Iran will eventually attack Israel , Europe and the Gulf and advocated a preemptive military strike against the regime but not against the Iranian people or infrastructure . Kahlili accused the Obama administration of naivete and betrayal for seeking to engage Iran . Not only does the regime see this as weakness on the part of the United States , he said , but the Iranian people view it as a betrayal of the highest order as they fight for freedom . "  Stop dreaming , please , " he said Friday . "  You are not dealing with rational people . Every time you extend a hand , it is not seen as sincerity , but stupidity . " The CIA 's public affairs office in Washington was not open Friday night and its telephone number would not accept messages ; its e-mail account rejected two attempts to send it a message .	Ex-member of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards describes life as a CIA spy Newly published book describes disillusionment after 1979 revolution Author , whose pen name is Reza Kahlili , says U.S. has long misperceived Iran 's regime Kahlili says Obama administration is naive , predicts Iran will attack Israel
CNN  -- Even after she was cleared of murder , even after returning home to a scenic haven in Seattle , Amanda Knox is crippled with fear . The case that kept her behind bars for four years and hurled her into global notoriety is n't over . At any point , the United States could extradite her back to Italy to face a retrial since her acquittal was overturned in March . During one of her very first interviews as a free woman , Knox tells CNN 's Chris Cuomo that her attempt at resuming a normal life has been punctuated by debilitating panic attacks . Knox : ` I 'm afraid to go back ' to Italy Admittedly nervous during the interview , she describes one such episode from the past weekend : "  I sit in my hotel room and cry so loud until the security calls the room , because the person next door has heard me crying , " Knox says , her voice cracking . As she tries to articulate her next thought , Knox suppresses more tears . "  It 's really hard for me to talk to people about it . It 's like as soon as I allow myself to cry , I ca n't stop . " The sweeping interview reveals fascinating new details of a story that has been widely reported -- but not in her words . She slams accusations from authorities that she 's an apathetic sexual deviant whose behavior led to her roommate 's gruesome death . Was she convicted on a story based partly on a gender stereotype ? Or is that just an excuse ? The subtleties in her interview may uncover some answers . Read an excerpt from Knox 's book Going back to Italy Knox says she 's afraid to return to Italy to face a new trial almost six years after her roommate 's death . But she 's considering it . "  I do n't know yet . It 's a really complicated question , " she tells Cuomo . I mean , I 'm afraid to go back there . I do n't want to go back into prison . " "  I 've been told that in Italy , people think it 's arrogant of me to sit here in the United States and have a book come out and defend myself , " says Knox , who reportedly was paid a $ 3.8 million advance for her memoir , "  Waiting to be Heard . " "  First of all , I find that incredibly unfair , because I have the right to defend myself . And no one can ask me to just shut up because it 's convenient . But at the same time , I want to prove to them that I care about what 's going on . " Knox has been criticized for what some perceived as apathy over the death of her study-abroad roommate , Meredith Kercher , in 2007 . Kercher , a 21-year-old British exchange student , was found dead , seminaked with her throat slashed , in the Perugia villa she rented with Knox . But Knox says she 's been unfairly characterized as cold and aloof after Kercher 's death . "  I find it incredible that despite an absolute lack of evidence that connects me to this murder , I am still being judged based upon unrealistic and unreasonable expectations about how a young woman would react to a horrible situation . No one knows how they would react to a horrible situation until it happens to them , " she says . "  I definitely reacted to what happened to her . And I react to this day . I 'm emotional to this day about what happened . But I 'm also the type of person who , when there is pressure on me and expectation on me to react , to feel in front of people , I freeze . I would much rather suppress my emotion than have it be determined as insincere and affected . " Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito were convicted of killing Kercher . Both were acquitted in 2011 , but their acquittals were overturned in March . "  As I was going through all of this , when I cried , it was bad . When I did n't cry , it was bad . When I smiled , it was bad . When I did n't smile , it was bad , " Knox says . " ... I have been paralyzed by this kind of scrutiny . And I feel like it 's unfair . " Will Knox be extradited to Italy ? Experts disagree on likelihood Claims of sexual deviancy At times , the depictions of Knox in court were as scandalous as plot lines in a made-for-TV movie . "  They were calling me things like violent and whore and deviant . And it 's all untrue , " Knox tells Cuomo . Prosecutors theorized she was involved in some sort of erotic game gone horribly wrong that resulted in the death of her roommate . Knox says such claims were "  a bombardment of falsehood and fantasy . " "  No one has ever claimed that I was ever taking part in deviant sexual activity . None of my roommates , none of my friends , none of the people who knew me there . This is simply coming out of the prosecution , " she says . "  I was not strapping on leather and bearing a whip . I have never done that . I have never taken part in an orgy . Ever . " She says there has been recent discussion "  about how our society latches onto the idea of a violent , sexual woman , how sexuality becomes deviancy , becomes violent " and how "  the connection between those things is so easily made in comparison to men . " "  I was completely recharacterized as a human being based upon the fact that I was sexually active . And that turned into sexual deviancy . And it was unfair , " Knox says . "  And I was having to go into the courtroom when the jury and judge were already convinced of a certain idea of what kind of person I was . And there was nothing I could do to respond to it . " Opinion : What Knox can and ca n't tell us Implicating an innocent man Even though she was acquitted of the murder charge , Knox does n't have a spotless record . After she and Sollecito were detained for questioning in the killing , she allegedly confessed to being at her home when Kercher was killed and implicated Patrick Lumumba , the owner of a bar where she worked . Lumumba was detained but was released after two weeks when his alibi was corroborated : He had spent the night of the murder talking to a customer in his pub in Perugia , police said . Lumumba later sued Knox for libel , winning 40,000 euros  $ 54,000  in damages . Knox says her book gives readers insight into what she was thinking in the days and months after Kercher 's death . "  I 'm aware of the fact that people do n't seem to get where I 'm coming from when I named Patrick Lumumba , for instance . And I ca n't excuse it . But I can try to explain it . And that 's the only -- the only thing I can do , " Knox says . Analysis : Knox case is complicated , confusing mess Her life today Despite the panic attacks , Knox is trying to get her life back to normal . She 's back with a boyfriend whom she knew before she was in Italy . She 's going to school and is making up lost time with her family . But she still has n't reached out to Meredith Kercher 's family . Why ? "  I know that they think that I 'm guilty , " Knox tells Cuomo . " ... I wish that I had gotten ahold of them much earlier , at the very beginning . " During the interview , Knox 's hands appeared to show signs of injuries . She says she was taking self-defense training . "  I 've received death threats since I 've been home . And I do n't ever want to be caught in a situation that Meredith was caught in where someone is able to overpower me because I just do n't know what to do , " Knox says . "  There are not normal people who are fixated on me . And I do n't know what they 're capable of . I do n't . " Her desire , Knox says , is that within five years she will finally feel at ease . "  I hope that I will be definitively found innocent , " she says . "  I hope that I can reconcile myself with Patrick and Meredith 's family . " She worries about a lifetime of answering questions from doubters . "  I really want this to be behind me . I need this . I do n't know how long I can hold it together . I do n't know how long I can defend myself . " Timeline : Kercher murder case CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Knox says she 's considering going back to Italy but fears returning to prison An Italian court has overturned her acquittal , but Knox maintains her innocence She slams prosecutors ' claims that she is a sexual deviant Knox says she is studying self-defense after death threats
London  CNN  -- A former British prime minister who has been a harsh critic of media baron Rupert Murdoch is due to testify Monday at an enquiry spawned by phone-hacking at Murdoch 's News of the World tabloid . Gordon Brown is due to take the stand at the Leveson Inquiry , a wide-ranging probe set up by the British government to examine media ethics . Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has already testified . Murdoch himself spent a day and a half on the stand earlier this year , and said that Gordon Brown had vowed to declare war on Murdoch 's News Corp. after one its high-profile tabloids withdrew support for Brown 's Labour party . Cameron , who has been under pressure because of his ties to Murdoch and his former newspaper chief Rebekah Brooks , is scheduled to testify all day Thursday at the Leveson Inquiry . Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne will be quizzed Monday , as will former Prime Minister Gordon Brown , the inquiry 's witness list shows . John Major , another ex-prime minister , will appear Tuesday , as will opposition Labour Party leader Ed Miliband and his deputy , Harriet Harman . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg is scheduled to testify Wednesday , ahead of Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond . The judge-led Leveson Inquiry , set up by Cameron after the phone hacking scandal at Murdoch 's News of the World newspaper last summer , is examining the relationship between the media and politicians . Blair , in his testimony , said he came under "  political pressure " from Murdoch during his time in office but denied that his relationship with the media baron was too "  cozy . " In April , Cameron told politicians in the House of Commons : "  I think we all , on both sides of this house , did a bit too much cozying up to Mr. Murdoch . " Cameron has faced questions about his ties to Murdoch and Brooks , both of whom have also appeared before the inquiry , particularly in relation to News Corp. 's bid to take full control of British satellite broadcaster BSkyB . The attempt was abandoned amid the furor over phone hacking at News of the World , owned by News Corp. 's British subsidiary News International . Brooks detailed frequent contacts with Cameron in the run-up to the 2010 election and said she had received commiserations from the prime minister when she resigned from News International last summer . She and her husband , racehorse trainer Charlie Brooks , were last month charged with interfering with the police investigation . Cameron 's judgment in hiring former News of the World editor Andy Coulson as his communications director has also been called into question . Coulson resigned from the Downing Street role early last year when police began a new phone-hacking investigation , saying it had become a distraction . He quit the News of the World after two employees were jailed over phone hacking in 2007 but denies knowing of wrongdoing while he was in charge . Coulson was last week arrested and charged with perjury over court testimony about phone hacking , according to Britain 's Press Association news agency . The Leveson Inquiry was established by Cameron after British public anger at the News of the World about the hacking of voice messages of a missing teenage girl who turned out to have been murdered . The case of Milly Dowler came on top of apologies from the tabloid for the hacking of the phones of celebrities and politicians and proved to be the last straw for the paper , which was shut down in July . The inquiry is intended to explore press ethics in Britain more widely , alongside police investigations into phone hacking , e-mail hacking and police bribery by people working for Murdoch 's British newspapers . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown allegedly "  declared war " on Rupert Murdoch David Cameron is called to testify next Thursday He has faced questions about his ties to media baron Rupert Murdoch and Rebekah Brooks
CNN  -- A traffic snarl outside Washington 's Navy Yard -- not a tactical command decision -- prevented a special U.S. Capitol Police unit from responding at the scene of a mass shooting there in September , an internal police report found on Friday . Twelve people were killed in the September 16 rampage by gunman Aaron Alexis , who was also killed during a shootout with other law enforcement officers . The deployment disclosure came after some initial media reports said the Containment Emergency Response Team was one of the first on the ongoing shooting scene , then turned away at the command center , and subsequently pulled back . "  Initial reports of the actions of USCP personnel were inaccurate and failed to convey the nuanced complexity of such situations including the personal and professional impact on potential first responders , " said a summary of the report by the U.S. Capitol Police Board . The shooting at the Navy Yard facility several blocks south of the U.S. Capitol complex attracted a number of law enforcement , including some Capitol Police officers who "  self-deployed . " The board 's review team interviewed dozens of Capitol Police officers and examined written reports , radio transmissions , and command center incident logs . The report did not deal with actions taken by other federal and local law enforcement , including military police officers . Following some initial reports about the CERT 's deployment , the local police union at the time had urged an investigation into the team 's actions and orders . "  They were prepared to risk their lives to save the lives of the shooter 's victims , but were prevented from doing so , " labor committee Chairman James Konczos said in a statement a week after the shooting . "  It is impossible to say how the outcome would have been different if the CERT team had been permitted to respond . " Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine then ordered the police board review team to look into the allegations the special response team was diverted from the shooting scene . "  Because of traffic gridlock caused by both emergency vehicles and commuter traffic the CERT unit was unable to reach that incident command post , " said the report . "  The CERT unit then moved closer to the Capitol , increasing its flexibility to respond as needed at either the Capitol or the Navy Yard . " Officials had said there was initial concern the Capitol might become a secondary target , promoting an increased security presence there . CNN 's Paul Courson , Carol , Cratty and Joe Johns contributed to this report .	There were suggestions the U.S. Capitol Police special response unit was diverted But internal police report said that was inaccurate Snarl of emergency vehicles , commuter traffic actually prevented the unit from the reaching scene Gunman killed 12 people on September 16 at historic Navy Yard
Three numbers to keep in mind Tuesday night as President Barack Obama delivers his State of the Union address : six , 30 and 43 . Six as in the number of seats Republicans need to gain this November to take control of the Senate . 30 : The historical average of House seats gained by the other party -- in this case the Republicans -- in a two-term president 's "  six-year itch " midterm election . And 43 % , of course , is Obama 's job approval rating -- a reminder that his political standing is weak , though up slightly from its recent low point , as he stands before a closely divided Congress -- and country -- to lay out his agenda for year six of his presidency . "  One of the greatest powers a president has is the power to set the agenda , " said veteran Democratic strategist and wordsmith Paul Begala , a close adviser to former President Bill Clinton . "  He  Obama  will use that power to great effect in the State of the Union address . " Here 's how we see the state of the Union Another Clinton White House veteran disagreed , arguing this president is too weakened and the 2014 campaign landscape too troublesome to seize the initiative . "  State of the Union means nothing , " this Democrat said , speaking only on condition of anonymity . "  Re-read last year 's address . How relevant was it last year in terms of how 2013 turned out ? " In fact , Obama failed to get any of his top 2013 State of the Union priorities through Congress . Congress ignored his calls for a new jobs program , for new gun controls and for sweeping immigration reform . Because of that , the 2014 speech is viewed by strategists in both parties as part of a defining test : Can Obama rebuild his standing enough to force action on some of his priorities , or will 2014 instead be remembered as another frustrating year of gridlock and the gateway to "  lame duck " status ? To that end , many see this speech -- this wish list -- as potentially his last chance for significant action . 8 memorable State of the Union moments "  At this stage of a presidency , a State of the Union address can not be expected to have much , if any , consequence in terms of public opinion , " said leading Republican pollster Bill McInturff . Despite all the attention , McInturff called the speech "  an ephemeral event that is perhaps a short-term focus of the ultimate D.C. policy insiders . " As always , the State of the Union is a policy address , a chance for the President to lay out his wish list to the Congress and the American people . But it is always a political stage as well , a dramatic nationally televised theater for the President to frame his argument . This year , even as he asks Congress to act on economic and other initiatives , President Obama will distance himself from an unpopular Congress and promise to use executive powers to implement some of his priorities . The stakes are enormous : As the President delivers his speech , the odds -- and the early election year data -- suggest Republicans will not only keep their House majority but also have a good chance to capture control of the Senate . How would complete Republican control of Congress alter the final two years of the Obama presidency ? It is a debate worth having , yet one that can wait a bit , as we first test whether the President has better luck with Congress in 2014 than he did in 2013 , and whether he can bend the political climate back more in his favor . Gingrich : Obama playing a weak hand at State of the Union Which is where those numbers come in . The White House says its No. 1 political goal this year is protecting the Democratic majority in the Senate . Yet that goal -- blocking Republicans from a net six-seat gain -- could significantly complicate the President 's policy agenda . Several of the most vulnerable Senate Democratic incumbents are from states Obama lost badly in 2012 : Arkansas , Alaska and Louisiana to name three . Those and other Democrats are opposed to some things the President wants -- like new gun controls -- and in favor of ideas the White House is against , including modifications to the President 's health care law . Zelizer : Six ways to fight inequality Begala acknowledges the tough political environment facing the President . But he says he can navigate it with a smartly crafted 2014 State of the Union wish list . "  How can he help red-state Democrats running in places where he lost badly ? " Begala said . "  By raising issues that play well in places he does n't . So you will hear a lot about middle-class economics : raising the minimum wage , extending unemployment insurance , pay equity and workplace fairness for working women , greater access to child care for working moms , pre-K for young kids and college aid for young adults . " The House Republican majority opposes most of the President 's ideas , though there have been some discussions testing whether compromises can be reached on the minimum wage , unemployment insurance and , from time to time , even immigration policy . The historical average for a two-term president 's party in this sixth year midterm is a loss of 30 House seats . Even the most optimistic Republicans view that as unlikely , given the shrinking number of competitive House districts . But Republican flexibility in policy discussions could depend on their own November midterm calculations , and at the moment top party strategists predict GOP gains in the high single digits on the House side . Republicans say Obama has a lot of explaining to do "  They will oppose his popular economic agenda at their own political peril , " Begala said , holding out hope the President would have an opportunity either to score policy successes or bend the political momentum back in his favor . The 43 % number is the one worth watching as the year unfolds -- midterm elections are shaped most by the President 's standing . If Obama can climb closer to 50 % , Democratic chances improve significantly . If he slips closer to 40 % or below , then a GOP takeover of the Senate becomes more and more likely . A little history : In 2006 , President George W. Bush had an identical 43 % job approval rating at the time of his State of the Union address . There was little fear of the President in Congress then , in either party , and as a result little of his agenda was enacted -- immigration and Social Security changes were among the goals Bush laid out . Come November 2006 , Republicans lost 30 House seats , and their majority . 7 things you did n't know about the State of the Union Bill Clinton , on the other hand , had a 59 % approval rating to begin his sixth year in office , and Ronald Reagan was at 64 % around his 1986 State of the Union . Democrats defied the historical averages in the Clinton "  six-year itch " election ; Republicans actually lost five House seats , and the Senate balance of power was unchanged . In 1986 , then-majority Democrats made only modest gains in the House  plus five seats  , but did pick up eight Senate seats to take control of that chamber . Outside of Washington , observers like New Hampshire GOP activist Thomas Rath see an opportunity if the President "  acknowledge  d  at the outset that overwhelmingly Americans share a common belief -- Washington does not work . He should acknowledge that both parties share that blame ; both are responsible . " Rath 's advice ? "  He needs to listen to the mood of this country and understand that folks do not want to hear a partisan harangue but rather want a strong message of leadership and cooperation from the man they elected to do just that . " And Rath 's election-year State of the Union prediction : "  He will do nothing of this sort . " Obama to raise minimum wage for federal contractors	Obama failed to get any of his 2013 State of the Union priorities through Congress Many see this year 's speech as potentially his last chance for significant action Early election data shows GOP keeping House majorities , with good chance to win Senate
CNN  -- German Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich have confirmed that Jupp Heynckes will return as coach for a third time from next season . The 65-year-old Heynckes was widely expected to take over from Louis van Gaal after recently confirming that he was leaving Bayer Leverkusen at the end of this season , but Bayern made the news official on Friday . Confirming that Heynckes will take charge of Bayern from July 1 , chairman Karl - Heinz Rummenigge told their official website : "  Jupp Heynckes was the candidate we wanted . "  We are delighted we 've reached agreement with him on a two-year contract . I 'm convinced our partnership with Jupp Heynckes will be a successful one . " Heynckes , who has led Leverkusen to second place in the Bundesliga this season , added : "  Quite apart from my excellent personal relations with the senior officials at Bayern , I have always been exceptionally impressed by the utterly professional way in which the club is managed . "  I have already coached Bayern twice , and always valued the working atmosphere and climate there . "  Obviously , as Bayern coach , you have a certain duty to deliver success . However , I regard that as an appealing challenge , which I am delighted to tackle together with the team over the next two seasons . " Heynckes has 32 years of coaching experience , taking his first job at Moenchengladbach in 1979 . He led Bayern to two league titles in his first spell at the club between 1987 and 1991 and also briefly replaced Jurgen Klinsmann in 2009 . Schalke and Eintracht Frankfurt have also been coached by Heynckes in his home country , while he has also been in charge of Real Madrid , Benfica , Tenerife and Athletic Bilbao  twice  .	Jupp Heynckes is confirmed as Bayern Munich 's new coach from July 1 Heynckes will take over from Louis van Gaal , who will leave at the end of the season Heynckes has led Bayer Leverkusen to second place in the Bundesliga The 65-year-old has previously had two spells in charge of the Bavarian giants
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Saad Hariri is poised to follow in his father 's footsteps and become Lebanon 's next prime minister , a position he said he "  will not shy away from . " Saad Hariri said he will discuss taking the position of Lebanon 's prime minister with his allies . "  I will discuss it with my allies , " the pro-U.S. Sunni lawmaker told CNN . "  You know , I did n't win this election by myself . My allies had a big role to play in winning for the 14th of March  coalition  . And I think it will only be fair and obvious that we talk , me and my allies ... and then after that , if I have to do it , I will not shy away from it . " Hariri is the head of the "  March 14 " coalition , which retained its control over Lebanon 's government this week despite a strong challenge from a Hezbollah-dominated alliance . Hariri said he hopes to accomplish what his father , former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , never had a chance to do before he was killed in 2005 . "  He accomplished in his assassination the sovereignty of Lebanon , the independence of Lebanon , " Hariri said . "  And I want to accomplish what he always dreamt of Lebanon being . "  I think he would want me to do what 's good for Lebanon , do what would unite the Lebanese people , and ... concentrate on the economy and the security and stability of Lebanon . " The elder Hariri was killed in a massive bombing in February 2005 that also left 22 others dead . An ongoing United Nations investigation has found indications of Syrian involvement in the assassination of the popular statesman , but Syria has denied any role . His death triggered massive protests that eventually led to the withdrawal of Syrian forces , ending Syria 's occupation of Lebanon . Saad Hariri said Sunday 's vote "  was about Lebanon " and not its precarious position between its alliances with Western countries and its Arab neighbors . "  The people who went on the 7th of June voted for Lebanon first , " he said . "  It 's not about the West ; it 's not about Iran ; it 's not about Syria . It 's about we as Lebanese , what we want from this new parliament and from this new government that 's going to come . " Hariri ruled out an independent peace track with Israel , sticking by his previous assessment that Lebanon will be the last country to sign a peace deal with the Jewish state . "  We will follow after the Arab initiative , " he said . "  You see , the Arab initiative includes many countries for the peace process , and Lebanon will come as we see fit . " Israel fought a war against Hezbollah militants in Lebanon three years ago that is widely regarded as having empowered the Shiite militia , which claimed victory in the six-week conflict . Some analysts had feared that a Hezbollah victory in this week 's parliamentary elections would have heightened tensions in the Middle East , particularly because of the estimated 30,000 rockets pointed at Israel from southern Lebanon , all under the control of Hezbollah militants . Hariri met Tuesday with President Carter , who is in Beirut with more than 200 international observers monitoring the election . Shortly before that meeting , Hariri said the United States will play a key role in the effort to attain peace in the Middle East . "  I think the biggest turning point in this peace process is what the United States will do , " he said . "  The United States has a big role to play , and if it plays it in the right way , if it plays its role like it should play it , then we will have peace in the region . They should pressure both sides to move forward -- whether the Palestinians and the Israelis , whether the Syrians and the Israelis -- and I 'm sure we 'll get there . " After the victory of Hariri 's coalition , the next step for Lebanese lawmakers will be to elect a speaker of the parliament . Then , Lebanese President Michel Sleiman will ask someone -- presumably Hariri -- to form a government . In Lebanon , the presidency is reserved for Maronite Christians , the speaker of parliament is always a Shia Muslim , and the prime minister is a Sunni Muslim . That system was created to balance power among Lebanon 's three main religious groups .	Saad Hariri hopes to finish what his father , Rafik Hariri , never had a chance to do Hariri 's coalition retained control this week despite challenge from Hezbollah alliance Hariri : U.S. will play a key role in efforts to attain peace in the Middle East
Washington  CNN  -- A divided federal appeals court on Friday struck down Michigan 's controversial ban on consideration of race and gender in college admissions . The 2-1 panel at the 6th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals concluded the voter-approved ban on "  preferential treatment " at state colleges and universities was unconstitutional , and "  alters Michigan 's political structure by impermissibly burdening racial minorities . " The issue is likely to renew the national , political and legal debate over affirmative action , which the Supreme Court could be poised to resolve in the coming months . The affirmative action ban was passed five years ago in a referendum and was added to the state 's constitution , barring publicly funded centers of higher education from granting "  preferential treatment to any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , color , ethnicity , or national origin . " That prompted a series of lawsuits and appeals from various groups . "  The university is reviewing the possible implications of the court 's decision , and recognizes that there may be further legal steps as well , " Kelly Cunningham , a spokeswoman for the University of Michigan , said Friday . She would not speculate how or when the school would need to alter its policies in response to the court 's ruling . A state appeal to the Supreme Court is almost certain , setting up a potentially heated election-year debate in 2012 over whether race and gender preferences are still a socially necessary step . The issue comes after the justices in 2003 ruled that while Michigan universities could use race as a factor in choosing which students to admit , they could not make race the determining factor in deciding whether applicants are accepted . The appeals court has now said the Michigan law violated the Constitution 's equal protection laws . "  Because less onerous avenues to effect political change remain open to those advocating consideration of non-racial factors in admissions decisions , Michigan can not force those advocating for consideration of racial factors to go down a more arduous road than others without violating the Fourteenth Amendment , " said Judges R. Guy Cole and Martha Daughtrey , both named to the bench by former President Bill Clinton . In dissent , Judge Julia Smith Gibbons said voters had a right to pass this kind of referendum , even though school officials ultimately make the individual admissions decisions . "  Having no direct or indirect influence on the bodies vested with authority to set admissions standards -- the faculty committees -- the people of Michigan made a political change at the only level of government actually available to them as voters , " said Gibbons . "  The Michigan electorate , therefore , as opposed to choosing a more complex structure for lawmaking , employed the one method available to exert electoral pressure on the mechanisms of government . " The current controversy was sparked by the earlier Supreme Court decisions . In two cases from the University of Michigan , the divided high court said the university 's law school could give preferential treatment to minorities -- as one factor in the admissions process -- but could not set quotas or use a point system . Writing for the majority in the law school case , Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said the Constitution "  does not prohibit the law school 's narrowly tailored use of race in admissions decisions to further a compelling interest in obtaining the educational benefits that flow from a diverse student body . " The moderate-conservative O'Connor has since left the bench , replaced by the more right-leaning Justice Samuel Alito , who could prove the decisive vote if the current case reaches the Supreme Court . The referendum effort was led by Jennifer Gratz , who was at the center of the high court case eight years ago . As a white student , she was put on the waiting list for undergraduate admission to the state 's largest university . She eventually attended another school , and became the lead plaintiff in a subsequent reverse discrimination lawsuit . She ultimately prevailed at the Supreme Court -- long after she had graduated -- and then began a public campaign to end racial preferences in admissions . Efforts over decades to create a diverse classroom have been controversial . The famous Brown v. Board of Education high court ruling in 1954 ended segregation of public schools , but sparked nationwide protests and disobedience by states who initially refused to integrate . In 1978 in the so-called Bakke case , the justices said universities have a compelling state interest in promoting diversity that allows for the use of affirmative action . That issue involved a reverse discrimination claim by a white man denied admission to law school . And the high court in 2007 struck down public school choice plans in Seattle and Louisville , concluding race could not be a factor in the assignment of children . Those school districts had sought to use raced-based criteria to achieve diversity . The issue in recent years is whether and when affirmative action programs -- while constitutionally permissible now -- would eventually have to be phased out as the goal of obtaining diversity is met . O'Connor in her 2003 decision predicted , "  The court expects that 25 years from now , the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary to further the interest approved today . " The justices could be asked to decide whether Michigan 's current policy meets that legal and social test . The current case is Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action , Integration , and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality by Any Means Necessary v. Regents of the University of Michigan  08-1387  .	The court concludes in a 2-1 ruling that the voter-approved ban is unconstitutional The case is likely to renew a national debate over affirmative action The University of Michigan is reviewing the implications of the ruling , a spokeswoman says
CNN  -- A bird struck an Arkansas hospital 's helicopter Saturday , tearing a hole into the aircraft 's nose and prompting the pilot to land early , according to officials and pictures taken after the landing . A medical helicopter landed near Forrest City , Arkansas , on Saturday after striking a bird . The chopper 's pilot made a "  safe landing " in that state after hitting a bird while returning to Baptist Health Center in Little Rock , Arkansas , hospital spokesman Mark Lowman said . "  I think the pilot just made a judgment call to set it down , " Lowman said of the landing , which happened at 6:15 p.m. Saturday near Forrest City , Arkansas . Video footage taken by CNN affiliate WREG showed a bird hanging out of a hole torn into the paneling on the chopper 's nose . Part of the helicopter 's windshield also was broken . The pilot was slightly injured during the landing , and the other two crew members on board were uninjured , Lowman said . Federal aviation officials are investigating , and the helicopter is not expected to be grounded for long , he said . The helicopter was returning from a hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , where the crew had taken a patient . The incident came two days after a US Airways jetliner was forced to land in New York 's Hudson River , apparently after striking a flock of birds . Shortly after the jet took off from New York 's LaGuardia airport on Thursday , the crew reported seeing a flock of birds . Seconds later , the cockpit voice recorder captured the sounds of loud "  thumps " and both of the plane 's engines failed . The pilot , C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , landed the Airbus A320 in the Hudson , where all 155 people aboard were rescued .	Bird hits Arkansas hospital 's helicopter , forcing pilot to land early Copter 's pilot suffers minor injuries during landing Incident comes days after birds apparently forced jet to land in Hudson River
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  At least seven civilians died after shells slammed into a transit stop Thursday in the volatile eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk , the latest notable attack in a months-long conflict that has seen plenty of bloodshed , blame-sharing and intermittent negotiations but few signs of easing . The fatalities are among at least 10 civilians killed total , in addition to 20 injured , in the shelling of four city districts in the past 24 hours , the Donetsk City Council said on its website . Ukraine 's state-run Ukrinform news , citing the Donetsk government , reported eight dead and seven hospitalized in the bus stop attack alone . Donetsk has been a stronghold for separatists , who have been battling government forces for control of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions since the spring . "  As of now , the situation remains difficult , " the city council said . And as has been the case with many incidents in the conflict , there was no universally accepted explanation of what happened or who was responsible . Russia 's Foreign Ministry demanded an investigation and criticized Ukraine for its shelling of Ukrainian cities like Donetsk , which are controlled or at least full of pro-Russian separatists . Yet Ukraine 's Defense Ministry blamed the rebels for the attack , saying it was launched from areas they control . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which has a monitoring mission in Ukraine , is among those trying to get to the bottom of it all . Its deputy chief monitor , Alexander Hug , told reporters that an OCSE patrol saw seven bodies near a vehicle that had been hit . And it 's not the only instance of violence in the area . "  Terrorists using multiple launch missile systems precisely destroy  ed  houses " in the Donetsk region cities of Debaltseve and Avdiyivka , Ukrinform reported , citing Donetsk regional police Chief Vyacheslav Abroskin . Rebels captured 16 wounded Ukrainian soldiers after fighting at Donetsk 's airport , Kiev 's military said , according to Ukrinform . Negotiations are underway to secure their release . And the OSCE , in an update posted Wednesday , cited numerous instances of shelling in recent days , with two hospitals in separatist-held territory among the buildings affected . As U.S. Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's Supreme Allied Commander Europe , pointed out Thursday : "  Violence has intensified and changed character in Ukraine . " As has been true so often in recent months , the violence is happening around the same time as negotiations aimed at stopping it . The latest talks happened Wednesday in Berlin and included the foreign ministers of Ukraine and Russia , as well as Germany and France . Their official aim was to resolve the crisis by hammering out how to implement a peace deal that was agreed upon last year . After Wednesday 's talks , the four foreign ministers condemned the continuing violence and called for the peace deal that was reached in Minsk , Belarus , last September to be respected . Fighting in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions "  has severely escalated causing the loss of many human lives including civilians . This must stop immediately and the regime of quiet must be restored , " the ministers said . They said "  tangible progress " must be made on full implementation of the Minsk pact ahead of a planned peace summit . The attack on the Donetsk trolley bus station obviously does n't help the situation . Russia 's foreign ministry called it a "  a crime against humanity  and  a great provocation aimed to undermine the efforts for the peaceful settlement of the crisis . " The unrest began in late 2013 , leading up to Parliament 's ouster last February of pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych . Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula a few weeks later , with fighting breaking out in April in two Ukrainian regions bordering Russia -- Donetsk and Luhansk . Separatist leaders there declared independence from Ukraine and sided with Russia . But how much was , and is , Moscow involved in their campaign ? Ukraine 's divide : Two sides of a river It depends who you ask . Officials in Moscow have expressed sympathy for the separatists , but denied any outright military support . However , Ukraine and its allies have accused Russia of fomenting the rebellion by actively backing it . "  It is clear that Russia has to stop supporting the separatists and respect international law , " said Danish Gen. Knud Bartels -- chairman of the military committee for NATO , which does n't include Ukraine but is working to further its "  military-to-military cooperation " with Kiev . On Wednesday , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko reasserted a claim that Russia sent troops across the border to support the rebels . "  We have more than 9,000 Russian troops who -- so-called -- lost the way , crossing our Russian-Ukrainian border , bring with them hundreds and hundreds of tanks , armed personnel carriers , and killing Ukrainian civilians and attacking Ukrainian troops , " Poroshenko told CNN . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking in Moscow before the Berlin talks , responded to Ukraine 's assertion with a firm denial -- much like other denials made by Russian officials in recent months over similar allegations of armed intervention . "  As to the flow of troops and armaments , this is not the first time we hear something like that , " he said . "  And each time I hear that I say , if you 're so confident about that , please present us with facts , but no one has been able to provide us with these facts . " Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev . CNN 's Alla Eschenko , Christine Theodorou , Khushbu Shah and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	State news : Rebels capture 16 wounded Ukrainian soldiers at Donetsk 's airport 10 civilians reported killed in shelling in Donetsk city , seven of them at a bus stop Ukraine 's Defense Ministry blames pro-Russian rebels ; Moscow demands an investigation
CNN  -- Cholera has arrived in the Dominican Republic , and so have fear and worry . The bacterial intestinal disease has already killed more than 1,100 people in neighboring Haiti and hospitalized more than 18,000 others . Dominican officials said Tuesday the first case has been detected in their nation -- a 32-year-old Haitian construction worker who returned Friday to the Dominican Republic from a visit to his homeland . Although the lone reported case is the result of a migrant bringing the disease into the country and is not related to local water or food contamination , many Dominicans are still worried . "  Yes , yes . Of course , " said Yehenny Rodriguez , a private security guard who lives in Santo Domingo , the nation 's capital . "  There 's much worry in the country . This is a strong disease that people get easily . "  Everybody 's talking about it . " Asked if people are concerned , Dominican physician Martin Madera had a succinct and emphatic answer : "  Indisputably , yes . " Officials in the Dominican Republic , which already has a strained public health system , have issued a maximum health alert . The disease , which can cause deadly diarrhea and vomiting , is contracted by ingesting contaminated food or water . Dominicans are being urged to wash their hands often and to be careful about what they eat and drink . All forms of media -- television , radio , newspapers , social networks -- are being employed to get the word out , said Madera . "  The most important thing is that the population be advised , " Madera said . Rodriguez said Wednesday he is taking that advice seriously -- washing his hands often and not eating any food that was n't prepared at home , especially street food . Many others are following the same practice , he said . The World Health Organization rates the Dominican Republic 's health system as the 51st most efficient among 191 countries . That ranking places it in a lower position than the United Kingdom  No. 18  and the United States  No. 37  , but higher than South Korea  No. 58  and Mexico  No. 61  . Madera , who spent two weeks treating patients in Haiti after January 's deadly earthquake , is confident that the Dominican health system can handle an outbreak -- up to a certain point . "  We have sufficient medicine and medical institutions that can handle cases that may come up -- for now , " he said Wednesday . And Dominican authorities , he said , are taking a proactive approach . Efforts are being made to investigate passengers who were on the same bus in which the ill Haitian traveled to the Dominican Republic last week . Also , he said , all reported cases of diarrhea are being investigated . "  Haitians with diarrhea get greater interest , " Madera said . The Dominican Republic Ministry of Public Health is receiving help in contingency planning and implementation from the U.S. Agency for International Development and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Todd Haskell , spokesman for the USAID office in Santo Domingo . The CDC also is assisting the public health ministry in establishing laboratory testing for cholera , Haskell said in an e-mail . Both agencies started offering their assistance October 22 , the spokesman said . Despite Madera 's confidence that the Dominican Republic can handle an outbreak , he said , "  it can reach a point where it can overtake a nation 's capacity to treat it . " Should that occur , he said , a public state of emergency would be declared and private physicians and health institutions would be called upon to join the battle . For now , he said , the situation is under control . The ill patient , identified as Wilmo Louwes , was hospitalized and immediately isolated in the town of Higuey , near the eastern resort city of Punta Cana , Dominican Republic . No firm numbers exist for how many Haitians and Haitian-descended Dominicans live and work in the Dominican Republic . The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights placed the number in 1999 as 500,000 to 700,000 . Human Rights Watch reported in 2001 that the head of the Dominican army estimated there were about 1 million Haitians in the Dominican Republic . The Haitian embassy in the Dominican Republic gave a similar figure that year . A widespread cholera outbreak could prove devastating for the Dominican Republic if tourists decide to stay away , because the Caribbean island nation relies heavily on tourism . In 2004 , for example , the nation of 9 million inhabitants had 4.2 million tourists , the Central Bank and the Ministry of Tourism reported . Of those tourists , more than 4.2 million came by air and more than 455,000 were cruise ship passengers . The services sector of the economy , which includes tourism , employs about 64 percent of the workforce and contributes 55 percent of the gross domestic product , the measure of the nation 's services and products .	NEW : USAID and the CDC are offering help , a U.S. spokesman says NEW : A cholera outbreak could damage the nation 's tourism industry The patient is a Haitian man who works in the Dominican Republic People are worried and "  everybody 's talking about it , " a Dominican man says
CNN  -- A virus found in healthy Australian honey bees may be playing a role in the collapse of honey bee colonies across the United States , researchers reported Thursday . Honey bees walk on a moveable comb hive at the Bee Research Laboratory , in Beltsville , Maryland . Colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees -- up to 90 percent of colonies in some U.S. beekeeping operations -- imperiling the crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination , such as oranges , blueberries , apples and almonds . The U.S. Department of Agriculture says honey bees are responsible for pollinating $ 15 billion worth of crops each year in the United States . More than 90 fruits and vegetables worldwide depend on them for pollination . Signs of colony collapse disorder were first reported in the United States in 2004 , the same year American beekeepers started importing bees from Australia . The disorder is marked by hives left with a queen , a few newly hatched adults and plenty of food , but the worker bees responsible for pollination gone . The virus identified in the healthy Australian bees is Israeli Acute Paralysis Virus  IAPV  -- named that because it was discovered by Hebrew University researchers . Although worker bees in colony collapse disorder vanish , bees infected with IAPV die close to the hive , after developing shivering wings and paralysis . For some reason , the Australian bees seem to be resistant to IAPV and do not come down with symptoms . Scientists used genetic analyses of bees collected over the past three years and found that IAPV was present in bees that had come from colony collapse disorder hives 96 percent of the time . But the study released Thursday on the Science Express Web site , operated by the journal Science , cautioned that collapse disorder is likely caused by several factors . "  This research give us a very good lead to follow , but we do not believe IAPV is acting alone , " said Jeffery S. Pettis of the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Bee Research Laboratory and a co-author of the study . "  Other stressors on the colony are likely involved . " This could explain why bees in Australia may be resistant to colony collapse . "  There are no cases ... in Australia at all , " entomologist Dave Britton of the Australian Museum told the Sydney Morning Herald last month . "  It is a Northern Hemisphere phenomenon . " Bee ecology expert and University of Florida professor Jamie Ellis said earlier this year that genetic weakness bred into bees over time , pathogens spread by parasites and the effects of pesticides and pollutants might be other factors . Researchers also say varroa mites affect all hives on the U.S. mainland but are not found in Australia . University of Georgia bee researcher Keith S. Delaplane said Thursday the study offers a warning -- and hope . "  One nagging problem has been a general inability to treat or vaccinate bees against viruses of any kind , " said Delaplane , who has been trying to breed bees resistant to the varroa mite . "  But in the case of IAPV , there is evidence that some bees carry genetic resistance to the disorder . This is yet one more argument for beekeepers to use honey bee stocks that are genetically disease - and pest-resistant . " Bee researchers will now look for stresses that may combine to kill bees . "  The next step is to ascertain whether IAPV , alone or in concert with other factors , can induce CCD -LSB- colony collapse disorder -RSB- in healthy bees , " said Ian Lipkin , director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health . Besides the Columbia and USDA researchers , others involved in the study released Thursday include researchers from Pennsylvania State University , the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture , the University of Arizona and 454 Life Sciences . E-mail to a friend	Colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees Scientists suspect a virus may combine with other factors to collapse colonies Disorder first cropped up in 2004 , as bees were imported from Australia $ 15 billion in U.S. crops each year dependent on bees for pollination
February 24 , 2015 Atmospheric science , medical science , and electrical science are three subjects explored this Tuesday on CNN Student News . We 're discussing the yellow dust hovering over parts of the Korean Peninsula , the dangers of superbugs , and what could become the power grid of the future . And we show you how a pair of red pandas seem to celebrate in the Cincinnati snow . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Buddy Cianci has been convicted twice , and twice he 's been forced out as mayor of Providence , Rhode Island . But for him , this was a first . The 73-year-old Cianci lost a Providence mayor 's race for the first time in seven runs on Tuesday , falling to political neophyte Jorge Elorza . "  It just did n't happen , " Cianci said in his concession speech . "  But that does n't mean that we do n't have the heart and the spirit and the love for this city to say that we would n't do it again if we needed to . " Unofficial results , posted on Rhode Island 's elections board website , showed Elorza winning 53 % of the vote , with Cianci getting about 44 % support . Had their roles been reversed , Cianci 's swearing-in ceremony in January would have marked the fifth consecutive decade in which he has served as the city 's mayor . Not all those terms , however , were continuous -- though they very well might have been had he not been forced to resign twice in disgrace . Cianci , a back-slapping machine politician reminiscent of a bygone era , served as the city 's mayor from 1975 to 1984 and then again from 1991 to 2002 , epochs recalled locally as Buddy I and Buddy II . Buddy I came crashing down after Cianci was convicted of using a fire log and a lit cigarette to assault a man he accused of having an affair with his wife . Buddy II ended after Cianci was convicted on federal corruption charges . At the end of Cianci 's 2002 trial , the judge rebuked him before sentencing him to federal prison for five years . "  In this mayor 's two administrations , there has been more corruption in the city of Providence than in the history of this state , " said Judge Ernest Torres . But Cianci did n't shy away from his past on the campaign trail this year . He made both his records , mayoral and criminal , a centerpiece of his message in a race against a much younger and far less experienced opponent -- a race Cianci said was his "  final rodeo . " "  You 're not going to get a Pulitzer Prize or an Emmy by saying ` Buddy Cianci is a convicted felon , ' " Cianci told CNN at his Providence headquarters recently . "  Everybody knows that . " But Elorza , his Democratic opponent , was n't taking any chances . "  We have a storied history of corruption here in our city , " he said at an October press conference . "  And those incidents of corruption are very well-documented in Mr. Cianci 's administration . " In his concession speech , Cianci said that he and his campaign "  certainly were the recipients of some saturation bombing . And you know what , we are still alive . " He urged his supporters to offer help to Elorza , saying "  we need to bind together as a city . " As to his own future , Cianci remains a staple on local talk radio . And it 's hard to totally count out someone who ran for -- and nearly won -- a job that he twice lost due to convictions . "  It 's kind of a bittersweet night tonight because this will be my last campaign , " he said . Following cries of "  No ! " from his supporters , Cianci promptly added , "  For this year . "	NEW : Buddy Cianci loses Providence mayoral race ; says "  it just did n't happen " NEW : The 73-year-old says , "  This will be my last campaign , " then adds "  for this year " Cianci was mayor from 1975 to 1984 and again from 1991 to 2002 He resigned the post twice over felony convictions
CNN  -- Nakoula Basseley Nakoula -- who a year ago was , arguably , the most hated man in the Islamic world -- will soon be a free man . The 56-year-old Egyptian-American behind the inflammatory film "  The Innocence of Muslims " is set to be released from a residential re-entry facility , or a halfway house , in Southern California on Thursday , according to Federal Bureau of Prisons spokesman Ed Ross . He 's been there since being released from prison in May . His incarceration was n't directly related to the movie he produced , though it did shine a strong spotlight on him in more ways than one . Yet his actions producing "  The Innocence of Muslims " did violate the terms of his probation for a 2010 bank fraud violation , authorities found . Among other things , Nakoula was barred from using aliases -- yet court documents stated that he used at least 17 false names . He was also barred from accessing computers or any device that can access the Internet without approval from his probation officer . "  The Innocence of Muslims " notably was posted on the video-sharing website YouTube . Film 's producer ordered held without bail The film got little attention when it was initially posted online , though things changed considerably when Egyptian media highlighted it in September 2012 . Violent protests subsequently erupted in Egypt , Yemen , Tunisia , Morocco , Sudan , Iran , Iraq , Israel and the Palestinian territories . Some of the demonstrations targeted U.S. diplomatic missions under the false presumption that the U.S. government was behind the production . The anger faded , however , particularly after Nakoula 's arrest on September 27 , 2012 . In an interview last month with CNN 's Jake Tapper , Nakoula said he was "  shocked " by the uproar -- saying he never thought his movie could cause anyone trouble or get anyone killed . Filmmaker : Obama administration was irresponsible A Coptic Christian from Egypt , Nakoula insisted his film is not against Islam , but against terrorism . He said the movie is political more than religious and claimed to have Muslim friends . "  I am against the culture itself , not the religion , " he said .	Nakoula Basseley Nakoula is set to be released Thursday from a federal halfway house He 'd been there and in a federal prison for violating his probation in a bank fraud case Those violations came to light amid the uproar over his film , "  The Innocence of Muslims " That movie spurred virulent anti-American protests in nations around the Islamic world
CNN  A suspect from Ohio learned a valuable lesson this week : Do n't taunt authorities on social media , especially when you 're a wanted man . Andrew Marcum , 21 , jumped in and posted his two cents after authorities shared his picture on Facebook as a featured warrant of the week . Allegations against the Lemon Township resident included burglary , kidnapping , domestic violence and criminal endangering , the Butler County Sheriff 's Office posted in a message accompanying its post . Apparently not intent on going down without a fight , a man bearing the name Andrew Marcum responded to the post . "  I ai n't tripping half of them do n't even know me , " he posted . In addition to sharing the suspect 's name , the Facebook account is several years old and had other photos resembling Marcum , including one with a large tattoo spelling his last name on his back . Authorities took the man 's post seriously enough to respond to it . "  Andrew Marcum , if you could stop by the sheriff 's office , that 'd be great , " they posted . Sheriff Richard K. Jones raised the stakes by moving their pleas to Twitter . He posted a picture of a jail cell that apparently awaited the suspect . Marcum 's purported post appeared Monday , and authorities arrested him a day later . "  Thanks to our social media friends for helping turn up the heat on this week 's featured warrant , " the Sheriff 's Office tweeted . "  Marcum in custody . " Jones posted the suspect 's arrest mug shot , showing him in tears .	Andrew Marcum , 21 , responded to a warrant on him posted on Facebook "  I ai n't tripping half of them do n't even know me , " the purported message says
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- You think it 's wild being a fan when a basketball-obsessed state encounters the biggest rivalry meeting in its history ? Try being a politician . Hours after the University of Kentucky punched its ticket to a Final Four meeting against the University of Louisville , Kentucky governor Steve Beshear 's office was asked for a reaction . That was on Sunday night , but it took until Monday morning before it came . Let 's just say the game plan from the Democratic governor was conservative : "  The best thing about this game is that a team from Kentucky will play for the national title . "  Kansas plays Ohio State in the other semifinal Imagine the high-fives among the staff for walking that non-committal tightrope . Others in the state have been less cautious . In a state defined by its basketball loyalties perhaps even more strongly than its political allegiances , the jump circle and political circle sometimes merge . John Yarmuth and Ben Chandler are Kentucky Democrats who sit on the same side of the aisle in Congress , but will be on decidedly different sides of this rivalry . "  The teams are both so good , I 'm sure that whoever prevails , it will be the experience of the teams ' seasoned upperclassmen that leads the way , " said Yarmuth , whose district includes Louisville . Boom . Kentucky has only one seasoned upperclassman who plays regularly . Chandler , whose district includes Lexington , issued his own subtle jab , saying , "  I think it 's great that everyone in Kentucky can be a part of the Wildcats ' journey to another championship . " Boom . That 's not exactly a part that Louisville fans will relish playing . When it comes to basketball , Kentucky is both a red  Louisville  and a blue  Kentucky  state . The state 's most iconic architectural features , the Twin Spires at Churchill Downs , home of the Kentucky Derby illustrate the split . One is lit red , the other blue , for the entire week . SI on Kentucky-Louisville The latest poll conducted by the Louisville Courier-Journal found that about 65 percent of the state 's largest city identified themselves as Louisville fans . Out in the state , that number was 91 percent who backed Kentucky hoops . But wherever they are this week , there is conflict . On Tuesday , in a dialysis clinic in Georgetown , Kentucky , police were called when two patients got into a fistfight over the game . Ed Wilson , 69 , was actually hooked up to a machine when he heard Charles Taylor , 72 and a Louisville fan , "  start to run his mouth , " Wilson said . Taylor said he was talking to another fan when Wilson , "  told me to shut up and gave me the finger . " So , dialysis machine or no dialysis machine , Taylor went over and hit Wilson -- and this longtime rivalry added another chapter to its lore . The rivalry , of course , has roots that run much deeper than sports . Louisville , the state 's largest city , has always had a contentious relationship with the rural rest of the state . And basketball has played a major role in the identity of this state , has always been a point of pride for a population often on the lower rungs of the economic ladder . For much of their basketball histories , the teams did not play . Legendary Kentucky coach Adolph Rupp did n't believe in playing the smaller state schools . An example of Rupp 's influence : He once raised his hands in practice and said , "  Lord , please send me a man who is worth a damn ! " At that moment , then-governor  and once commissioner of baseball  Happy Chandler entered the gym . When Chandler laughed , Rupp told him he did n't care if he was the governor , if he could n't be quiet , he 'd have to leave . The University of Kentucky called the shots , and these teams did not play for 24 years until the NCAA Tournament threw them together in a 1983 regional game dubbed "  The Dream Game , " by fans in the state . Before that , all Kentuckians could do was argue over which team was better . Someone manufactured a board game with dice and player cards that could be used to simulate a contest . But resentment seemed to fester . In a vintage 1983 video before the NCAA Tournament , Kentucky coach Joe B. Hall tried to end an on-camera interview when he was asked about why the Wildcats would n't play the Cardinals . Louisville 's Denny Crum , young and confident , took great pleasure in baiting Kentucky and its fans . Once Louisville won that contest , the teams agreed to a yearly series , even as the state legislature was moving to force them to play . But none of the subsequent meetings has had as much at stake as Saturday 's game -- a trip to the national championship . NCAA.com : Inside the Final Four The rivalry between the coaches -- Rick Pitino at Louisville and John Calipari at Kentucky -- only intensifies matters . Pitino coached Kentucky to a national championship in 1996 and his name hangs in the rafters at Kentucky 's Rupp Arena , while Calipari is seeking his first national title . The two men have been polite this week . It 's unlikely their state will follow suit . It 's hard to describe to those outside the state how this rivalry is woven into its very fabric . A handful of weddings have been rescheduled . People wear UK or U of L T-shirts under their clothes to church . Businesses will close early on Saturday . One local high school Hall of Fame had to reschedule its ceremonies because inductees were going to miss it to watch the game . Early in the week , on Craigslist , a man claiming to be a Kentucky fan offered his wife in exchange for a Final Four ticket . It might 've been a joke . It 's testament to the particular brand of March Madness in this state that no one is really sure . From the statehouses to the coffee houses , time is going to stop on Saturday night , and one fan base is going to dread going back to work on Monday morning .	Saturday 's game pits the University of Louisville against the University of Kentucky University of Kentucky is the top seed in the tournament One Kentucky fan reportedly offered his wife in exchange for a ticket
CNN  -- Let 's be honest : Was there any way Alfonso "  The Carlton " Ribeiro was n't going to win "  Dancing With the Stars " this season ? During Tuesday night 's finale , the "  Fresh Prince of Bel Air " star was crowned the king of the dance floor as he and his pro partner , Witney Carson , were awarded the mirrorball trophy . The actor -- and now dancer -- was so thrilled , he was moved to tears . "  I can not believe this , " Riberio told co-host Tom Bergeron . "  I 've wanted it forever . ... I do n't even know what to say . These are happy tears . " Ribeiro has been a strong competitor and an audience favorite throughout season 19 , even treating us to "  The Carlton " more than once . Yet he almost did n't get the opportunity to see it all the way through . The star injured himself during the course of the season to the point that he was n't sure whether he 'd be able to continue . But by the start of the two-part finale on Monday , Ribeiro rallied and turned in a tap dance solo that left viewers speechless . Despite his injuries , Ribeiro performed impeccably during Monday 's episode and had the lead score going into Tuesday 's finale . Fellow competitors Janel Parrish and Sadie Robertson were right at his heels , with "  Pretty Little Liars " actress Parrish going into Tuesday 's finale with a score of 77 and "  Duck Dynasty " star Robertson in second place with a score of 78 . The three final competitors were challenged to create a fusion dance routine with less than 24 hours to prepare . Although they all earned perfect scores for their performances on Tuesday , neither Parrish nor Robertson could overtake Ribeiro . "  Thank you so much America for giving @witneycarson and I the Mirrorball , " the actor later posted on Instagram , along with a photo of himself with Carson ; his wife , Angela Unkrich ; and their young son . "  A dream come true . Love you all . "	"  Dancing With the Stars " named its season 19 winner Tuesday "  Fresh Prince " alum Alfonso Ribeiro came out on top Runners up Janel Parrish and Sadie Robertson were n't far behind
If beauty is indeed truth , as John Keats claimed , then this story ought to be true : The logo on the back of your iPhone or Mac is a tribute to Alan Turing , the man who laid the foundations for the modern-day computer , pioneered research into artificial intelligence and unlocked German wartime codes . His death , a decade after the end of the war , provides the link with Apple . Unrecognized for his work , facing jail for gross indecency and humiliated by estrogen injections intended to ` cure ' his homosexuality , he bit into an apple he had laced with cyanide . He died in obscurity on June 7 , 1954 , 10 years and a day after the Normandy landings , which made copious use of intelligence gleaned by his methods . And so , the story goes , when two Stanford entrepreneurs were looking for a logo for their brand new computer company , they remembered Turing and his contribution to their field . They chose an apple -- not a complete apple , but one with a bite taken out of it . Sadly , the truth is rarely as simple , or beautiful , as we would like . I first researched this story in 2005 and was assured by someone at Apple that it was indeed true . The article struck a chord and several people got in touch to say how pleased or touched they were to hear the story . A few years later I mentioned it to another Apple employee , who immediately said that he thought it was a myth . It may have started around the time of the 2001 film about the Bletchley Park code breakers , Enigma , or it may have just resurfaced then . He checked with Apple headquarters , and although they were non-committal , it was clear that that Turing story was not official Apple history . Other theories were advanced . The apple represented knowledge , as in the biblical story of Adam and Eve , or referenced the falling fruit that led Sir Isaac Newton to the concept of gravity . Supporters of the latter theory note the name of Apple 's handheld PDA , the Newton , but that was more than a decade after the creation of the logo . Sadly , the evidence now points in a more prosaic direction . In a 2009 interview with CreativeBits , Rob Janoff , the man who drew the logo , reflected on the theories about his work . He dismisses Sir Isaac or the Bible as source material and , while he says he is charmed by the links with the Turing story , he says he was unaware of them at the time . "  I 'm afraid it did n't have a thing to do with it , " he said . "  It 's a wonderful urban legend . " Janoff says that he received no specific brief from Steve Jobs , and although he 's hazy about how he settled on the simple outline of an apple , the reason for the bite is crystal clear : it 's there for scale , he says , so that a small Apple logo still looks like an apple and not a cherry . It was n't long before Janoff discovered the first happy coincidence of his design , when a colleague told him that "  bytes " were the foundation stones of computing . The more romantic myth-making would follow soon behind . I was disappointed when the Turing story was first cast into doubt , but grew to enjoy the uncertainty . Limbo seemed a fitting , even poetic state , for the tale of a man who lived in the shadows . Even his tribute was now floating between life and death , like Snow White after she swallowed her own mythical apple . I hope that a similar respect for beauty over cold , hard fact lay behind Steve Jobs ' silence on the matter . He could have dismissed the creation myths inspired by his company , but he chose not to . More than most , he appreciated the value of a beautiful story .	Holden Frith says one story recounts how the Apple logo was a tribute to Alan Turing "  Sadly , the truth is rarely as simple , or beautiful , as we would like , " he writes Apple logo artist Rob Janoff is charmed by the story but was unaware of the association Frith : More than most , Steve Jobs appreciated the value of a beautiful story
HLN  -- When Nelba Marquez-Greene lost her 6-year-old daughter in the Sandy Hook Elementary shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , she chose to cope with her loss in a unique way : by writing a letter . That letter , which addresses teachers and was published September 6 in Education Week , tells a story that will shake any parent to the core . Not powerless : What parents can do after Newtown Marquez-Greene 's daughter , Ana Grace , was one of the 20 first-graders killed December 14 , when 20-year-old Adam Lanza arrived at the school with a rifle in hand . Six educators were also fatally shot by Lanza before he killed himself . "  While waiting in the firehouse that day to hear the official news that our daughter was dead , my husband and I made promises to ourselves , to each other , and to our son , " Marquez-Greene writes . "  We promised to face the future with courage , faith , and love . " Teachers lessons in heroism and healing Marquez-Greene goes on to speak about the courage and bravery of teachers , marveling at how they could return to work after an event as traumatizing as the shooting . When Marquez-Greene asked her son 's teacher why she returned , she got an answer that made perfect sense to her as a parent . "  Because they are my kids , " the teacher told her . "  And my students need me now more than ever . " Marquez-Greene says that the courage of each teacher requires faith and deep love on their part . Her image of a hero , she tells us , is the everyday worker : the principal , school lunch worker , custodian , reading specialist , teacher or bus monitor . "  Real heroes do n't wear capes . They work in America 's schools , " Marquez-Greene writes . Opinion : Above all , teachers do it for the kids While Marquez-Greene , the mental health director for the nonprofit organization Sandy Hook Promise , admits that she "  almost lost her mind " when she had to return her son back to the classroom , she said they sent him back because they did n't want him to be afraid . "  Parents are sending their precious children to you this fall , " she writes to the teachers . "  Some will come fully prepared , and others not . They will come fed and with empty bellies . They will come from intact homes and fractured ones . Love them all . " How Georgia school hero kept shooter calm	Sandy Hook mom writes letter to teachers "  My students need me now more than ever , " one teacher told her "  Real heroes do n't wear capes , " Nelba Marquez-Greene writes
CNN  -- Iraq scored in injury time Friday to beat 10-man China 1-0 and all but end their opponent 's hopes of qualifying for the 2014 World Cup finals . The Asia Group A match in Doha was a mirror image of the side 's earlier clash in China a month ago , with Younis Mahmoud , who scored the only goal in Shenzhen , coming up trumps again in injury time . China were handicapped by a red card for Zhang Linpeng and paid for missed chances . Iraq , coached by former Brazil legend Zico , have moved into a strong position in the qualifying section , which is led by Jordan , who confirmed their place in the second stage by beating Singapore 2-0 . Jose Camacho 's China would have to win their final two games and see Iraq lose by a heavy margin to Jordan and Singapore to claim an unlikely second in the group . "  China played bravely , but we won the match and the result has almost guaranteed our place in the last ten , " Zico told the official FIFA website . "  The game went as we predicted . We knew China would attack , so we focused on defending in the first half before sealing victory late on . " Japan and Uzbekistan joined Jordan in clinching qualification Friday , continuing their domination of Group C. Japan routed Tajikistan 4-0 and Uzbekistan beat North Korea 1-0 with Timur Kapadze scoring the only goal of the match for the hosts . The big surprise of the day was the 1-0 defeat for Group D leaders Australia in Oman with Amad Ali scoring the winner in the 18th minute . Australia will still be expected to progress after four earlier wins , with Frank Rijkaard 's Saudi Arabia moving into second in the group after a 3-0 win over Thailand . In Group B , South Korea stayed top by beating the UAE 2-0 and Mahmoud El Ali grabbed the only goal of the game as Lebanon shocked hosts Kuwait 1-0 to move into second . Iran held on to top spot in Group E but needed an injury-time equalizer from Mojtaba Jabari to scramble a 1-1 draw in Bahrain . Iran lead Qatar , who recorded a 4-0 home win over Indonesia , on goal difference . In the first round of African qualifying , the outstanding result Friday was 3-1 win for the Congo DR in Swaziland with Togo held 1-1 in Guinea Bissau . Totttenham 's Emmanuel Adebayor is set to return for Togo in the second leg next Tuesday . A star-studded Argentina side were held to a disappointing 1-1 home draw by Bolivia in their third match of qualifying from South America . Argentina , boasting the likes of Lionel Messi and Gonzalo Higuain , found the visitors hard to break down and even fell behind as Martins Moreno scored in the second half . It needed an equalizer from Ezequiel Lavezzi to salvage a point , with Argentina booed from the field .	Iraq score last-gasp winner to beat China 1-0 in World Cup qualifying Japan , Uzbekistan and Jordan clinch places in second round of Asia qualifying Congo DR score fine 3-1 win over Swaziland in African first round qualifier Argentina booed off field after being held 1-1 by Bolivia in South America group
Time  -- No , "  six strikes " is n't a phrase from some esoteric version of baseball played on Mars -- it 's a colloquialism for a new anti-piracy warning system designed to track copyright infringers and help internet service providers  ISPs  take progressively punitive measures to discourage or prevent said infringers from engaging in further copyright-violating activities . It 's essentially an industry workaround , after SOPA and PIPA -- bills designed to give the government increased power to battle copyright violators -- failed or stalled last year . But "  six strikes " is notably different from either SOPA or PIPA . For starters , it 's not a bill . Instead of empowering the government to blacklist sites deemed illicit , it 's an escalating warning system managed by ISPs independently . It employs a third-party tool , MarkMonitor , to identify users engaging in copyright-violating activities , then leaves it up to ISPs to take action . ISPs participating at this point include AT&T , Verizon , Comcast , Cablevision and Time Warner Cable . Say an IP address associated with your account is identified as a violator . Your ISP would first send you a warning , then send further warnings for each infraction , at some point rolling out actual punitive measures , from throttling your bandwidth up to -- in theory , a possibility -- termination of your service . The system was supposed to go live this week , but was delayed at the last minute by the Center for Copyright Information  CCI  , the group working with the Motion Picture Association of America , the Recording Industry Association of America and several of the nation 's biggest ISPs to roll "  six strikes " out . According to CCI executive director Jill Lesser , the delay , due to "  unexpected factors , " is mostly because of Superstorm Sandy , which "  seriously affected " the group 's final testing plans . CCI says it now expects what it calls the "  Copyright Alert System " to kick off in early 2013 , adding : "  Our goal has always been to implement the program in a manner that educates consumers about copyright and peer-to-peer networks , encourages the use of legal alternatives , safeguards customer privacy , and provides an easy-to-use independent review program for consumers to challenge alerts they believe they 've received in error . "  We need to be sure that all of our "  I "  s are dotted and "  T "  s crossed before any company begins sending alerts , and we know that those who are following our progress will agree . " Regardless of when it goes live , I 'm worried about some of those I 's and T 's -- specifically what it 's going to mean for me , speaking not as a copyright violator , but as someone whose somewhat unique residential situation poses some awkward , potentially nightmarish alert management issues . My condo complex  I 'm an owner  has 48 units . It was built in 2003 , so it 's relatively new . At the time , the builders had the foresight to wire each unit with Ethernet -- a drop in each room , everything connected back to aggregate wire closets . Near my front door  and all the front doors of all the units  is a mini-wire closet with a switch/hub that connects my unit to a central switch/hub in a locked room on the property . That , in turn , plugs into a high-speed cable modem -- a cable modem that 's shared across all 48 units . We 're technically shielded from each other using a special box that "  firewalls " each private IP and can control how much bandwidth it 's allocated , etc. . Whether we elect to use it or pay for our own service instead , all 48 units have access to this shared Internet . You can probably see where I 'm headed . With "  six strikes , " any of the residents in the complex who -- knowingly or unknowingly -- engage in an act of copyright violation , could incur an alert . Who 's going to see that alert ? Probably me , as the technical contact for the ISP  that , or our property management company , at which point it 'll route back to me  . At this point I 'm not sure what happens . The IP address MarkMonitor 's software is going to see , presumably , is our public one , not the private address of the device that 's been singled out on our condo complex 's network . How do we identify the perpetrator ? Should we identify the perpetrator ? If our ISP says we 're in violation , is it incumbent on us to run our own tracking software , somehow , to identify the person  s  involved ? Are we supposed to somehow issue these warnings ourselves , since the ISP wo n't technically be able to ? See the problem ? Who 's responsible for each infraction ? Who should be punished ? The entire complex , by throttling or at some point terminating our Internet service ? Each unit in the complex pays for shared Internet equally as part of our monthly association fees . We 're not a business -- there 's no CEO . The few of us who manage the Internet on behalf of the rest ca n't act unilaterally to preempt potential infractions by blocking aspects of the service by introducing content filters the way a private company might . It 's a delicate , thorny issue . Anyone who 's been on the board of a housing association knows how tough it can be to promulgate policies to owners , much less policies where the repercussions of violations ca n't be controlled locally , and where the punishment extends to everyone . We could put it to a complex-wide vote , but even if a majority were in favor of taking action , say somehow shutting off file-sharing activity entirely , now we 're talking about an all or nothing "  fix " that also blocks legitimate file sharing -- sharing anything not copyrighted , e.g. game or application demos , some music  freely released albums , for instance  , public domain materials  Project Gutenberg 's texts , for instance , or public domain art  . I would n't vote for neutering my Internet service , would you ? I 'm assuming this scenario applies , more or less , anywhere you 'll find shared Internet provided by a "  six strikes " - participating ISP . We 've heard nothing about exemptions . So what about hotels ? Restaurants ? Coffee shops ? Fitness centers ? Libraries ? Bookstores ? RV Parks ? Airports ? What about municipal initiatives to beam free Wi-Fi to anyone at all , citywide ? Maybe the "  workaround " lies in the acknowledgment portion of the process . According to reports , users found in violation of "  six strikes " will have to somehow acknowledge they 've received and read the alert explaining their account was engaged in illicit activity . Some ISPs are said to be rolling this out as pop-ups  do n't ask me how  . I 'm not sure what that entails for shared Internet access . Does everyone get the pop-up ? What happens if you ignore it ? What happens if , for whatever reason , the pop-up does n't appear in the first place ? Like the proverbial tree in the forest , does an alert count as a strike if you do n't see  or acknowledge having seen  it ? I 'd like to see the CCI and participating ISPs lay all the details about "  six strikes " on the table , proactively , instead of letting them trickle out in leaked documents and casual interviews . Do n't just backdoor the policy and expect users , especially where Internet 's shared , to somehow reverse-engineer what they 're responsible for , what happens if they fail to meet some new policy threshold and so forth . Be upfront with customers . Sure , they already know  or they should  that copyright violations are no-nos , per the terms of their user agreements  and the law  , but they deserve to know when policies for policing those terms change , especially when those policies could seriously impact them whether they 're personally responsible for a copyright violation or not . Maybe "  six strikes " is n't designed to produce lawsuits . Maybe it really is just an "  educational " campaign to raise violation awareness among users . Maybe it 's just to remind us that someone 's watching  and possibly storing information for potential lawsuits  . Whatever the case , there 's a transparency issue here . I 'm worried that the absence of public engagement may be intentional -- an attempt to manage the perception of what 's about to happen by keeping it quiet  or at best , confusingly disclosed  , in hopes of preventing another public relations fiasco , like the bill-killing blowup over SOPA and PIPA . If CCI really wants this to work as claimed -- to educate users -- then it needs to work with ISPs to lay out the parameters beforehand , addressing scenarios like the one I 've described above , "  I 's dotted and T 's crossed . " & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	There 's a new anti-piracy warning system designed to track copyright infringers But "  six strikes " is different from either SOPA or PIPA ; it 's a warning system managed by ISPs Participating providers include AT&T , Verizon , Comcast , Cablevision and Time Warner Cable But who 's responsible for each infraction ? It 's a delicate , thorny issue
CNN  -- Just a month ago , members of the Libyan opposition army were civilians of all ages and from all walks of life . Wesam , 22 , was in college . Ahmed , 32 , is a husband , father and an engineer . Adrees , 18 , was studying business . But now , they 're amateur soldiers in the rickety rebel army of Libyan opposition . They say they 're united by one mission -- to topple the regime of Col. Moammar Gadhafi . Since protests began in earnest in February , there has been no single , unifying figure in charge of the revolt . People of all ages and tribal affiliations have been taking part . One man told CNN that when government forces began using live ammunition against the protesters , it turned the whole community against them . With the rebels pushing west , gaining momentum and territory , a Libya without Gadhafi appears more likely by the day . But whether democracy will follow is far from clear . Libya has long been a patchwork of tribes and rival sects , kept largely intact in the grip of Gadhafi 's autocratic regime . Traditionally , opposition to Gadhafi has been hampered by the fact that Libya 's sense of national identity is "  very weak , " according to Robert Danin , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . Tribal loyalty in the sparsely populated North African country has come first -- which made it tough for Gadhafi 's opponents to present a unified front . A nationwide network of "  social leadership " committees set up by Gadhafi in 1993 and composed primarily of traditional leaders and tribal leaders could seek to take charge , according to Ronald Bruce St John , who has written seven books on Libya . Gadhafi tried without success to eliminate the more than 100 tribes in Libya between 1969 and 1980 , St John said . In 1993 , he began reinforcing the tribal system and recognizing its leaders as important by creating social leadership positions , St John said . If Gadhafi leaves power , "  those tribal leaders will try to find a way to put together some kind of a new government , " St John said . "  I think you 'll see the tribes being the ones that will , in the short term anyway , try to find a way through the obvious chaos that 's going to occur . " So far , leadership for anti-government forces has been a group effort . The National Transitional Council , created in early March , is made up of 31 representatives from across Libya -- local politicians , military officials who switched sides , lawyers , doctors , academics and activists . They have settled on Benghazi as a temporary location until the "  liberation " of the capital , according to a decree the council issued . The council said its main missions are to represent all of Libya internationally , liberate the country , draft a constitution and hold elections . Opposition leaders know the path to democracy wo n't be easy . But , they say , whoever tries to turn them from their path will face what Gadhafi is facing now . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Members of Libya 's opposition were civilians just a month ago Opposition leadership comes from a group of 31 people Libyan opposition says it is united against Gadhafi
CNN  -- Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Michael Vick , who served 18 months in federal prison for bankrolling a deadly dogfighting ring , now has a dog . "  I understand the strong emotions by some people about our family 's decision to care for a pet , " he said in a statement released Thursday . "  As a father , it is important to make sure my children develop a healthy relationship with animals . " He added that "  our pet is well cared for and loved as a member of our family . " Michael Vick helps park get a second chance "  This is an opportunity to break the cycle , " Vick said . "  To that end , I will continue to honor my commitment to animal welfare and be an instrument of positive change . " In 2010 , Humane Society President Wayne Pacelle told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that the Philadelphia Eagles quarterback should n't get a pet immediately and should have to meet certain benchmarks whenever he did . But Pacelle , whose group has worked with Vick in public outreach efforts , said it would be wrong to close the door to his ever having a dog again . "  He 's been going through counseling , he 's been speaking to kids twice a month , and he needs to interact with animals , " Pacelle said at the time . "  If he continues to hit these markers , then if his daughter wants a dog two or three years down the line ... I 'm saying that we should be open to that possibility . " Under the terms of his conviction , Vick had been barred from owning an animal . The NFL suspended Vick in August 2007 after he pleaded guilty to a federal charge of paying for a dogfighting operation in Virginia . He returned to the NFL in 2009 . Michael Vick on ` Piers Morgan Tonight '	Quarterback releases a statement confirming his ownership of a dog This will allow his kids to "  develop a healthy relationship with animals , " he says Vick , 32 , pleaded guilty in 2007 to bankrolling a dogfighting operation in Virginia
CNN  -- NATO will begin to scale back operations in Libya following Moammar Gadhafi 's death , with the preliminary end date of October 31 , NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Friday . A formal decision on a definitive end date will be made early next week . "  We did what we said we would do and now is the time for the Libyan people to take their destiny into their own hands , " Rasmussen said after meeting with officials in Brussels to determine what should happen next . NATO forces will be on standby until the end of the month to continue to provide assistance to civilians if needed , he said , adding that , if requested by the new Libyan leadership , the international body could also help in the transition with regards to reforms to the country 's defense and security sectors . Although Gadhafi was eventually captured by Libyan fighters and apparently killed by crossfire , the seven-month-long western intervention through NATO was a key factor in his downfall . One question is sure to come up : Has the Libya operation presented a model for future NATO missions or has it revealed the organization 's limitations in terms of resources and political will ? New day for Libya , but one fraught with challenges Within days of the U.N. Security Council 's authorization of Resolution 1973 , with the mandate of protecting Libya 's civilian population , NATO forces were engaged in action by air and sea . The operation relied on three main prongs -- implementing a no-fly zone , enforcing an arms embargo and taking action to protect civilians and civilian areas under threat of attack . Since March 31 , some 9,634 strike sorties , where targets are identified or hit , are among 26,000 sorties to have been conducted , NATO said Friday . Among the targets were Gadhafi 's military command centers , armored vehicles , munitions dumps and underground bunkers . NATO confirmed on Friday that 11 pro-Gadhafi military vehicles were hit by NATO aircraft outside his stronghold of Sirte Thursday morning , after they were seen leaving the city at high speed carrying large amounts of arms and ammunition . NATO did not know at the time of the strike that Gadhafi was in the convoy , which was targeted only because of the threat it posed to civilians , the NATO statement said -- but it later learned that Gadhafi "  was in the convoy and the strike likely contributed to his capture . " Gadhafi died soon after he was seized by Libyan fighters . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Friday that Gadhafi 's death is proof of the success of the NATO alliance and the mission in Libya . "  This was not an easy effort , it involved a great deal of cooperation , a great deal of partnership . But the fact was that working together , they accomplished this mission that Gadhafi is no longer . And finally Libya belongs to the Libyan people , " Panetta said while flying to Asia for a series of meetings with U.S. allies in the region . Rasmussen similarly hailed the alliance 's Libya mission as a "  remarkable success , " saying the operation "  prevented a massacre and saved countless lives . " Gadhafi killed in crossfire after capture , Libya PM says U.S. Vice President Joe Biden told CNN 's "  State of the Union " program , in an interview to be broadcast Sunday , that the operation had shown that the United States did not have to carry the weight of international military interventions alone . The point , he said , "  is that the NATO alliance worked like it was designed to do , burden-sharing . In total , it cost us $ 2 billion , no American lives lost . " And unlike other NATO operations , such as Afghanistan , where the United States has carried "  the primary burden , " Biden said , "  this was really burden-sharing . " Pentagon spokesman George Little put the price tag for U.S. Defense Department operations in Libya as of September 30 at $ 1.1 billion . This included daily military operations , munitions , the drawdown of supplies and humanitarian assistance . Britain and France also committed significant resources to the operation , as did some smaller nations , such as Norway , which provided six Norwegian F-16s in the early months of the mission . But those who argue the operation exposed NATO 's weaknesses point to the larger countries , such as Germany and Poland , which did not get involved . Germany abstained from the U.N. Security Council vote on Resolution 1973 , saying it was concerned about a protracted military conflict . And despite President Barack Obama 's determination that the United States take a backseat role in Libya , its surveillance drones and air support provision were key . In a farewell speech to the NATO council in Brussels in June , former U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates warned that the organization had become a "  two-tiered " alliance poorly equipped to deal with challenges . Criticizing the reluctance of some of the alliance 's 28 members to spend money on defense , he said the Libya operation had made it "  painfully clear " that shortcomings could "  jeopardize the alliance 's ability to conduct an integrated , effective and sustained air-sea campaign . " More analysis of NATO 's performance is bound to come up as the smoke clears . NATO may also be called to help Libya 's fledgling government and disparate militias achieve an orderly transition . "  There are significant security challenges ahead for Libya , " Toner said . "  Whether that is something NATO can help them with , or whether we can help them with , or whether other countries can help them with , we 'll figure that out in the days ahead . " But French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe , on Europe 1 , suggested it was all over . "  It 's up to the National Transitional Council to say it as the Libyans have their fate in the hands today . But , I think we can say that the military operation is finished , all of Libya 's territory is under the control of the National Transitional Council . And that , subject to a few transitory measures in the week to come , the NATO operation has come to an end . " Damon Wilson , of the Washington-based Atlantic Council think tank , said he expected the NATO ambassadors meeting in Brussels to recognize that NATO 's military operation in Libya was done , but that its involvement in the country was not . NATO could help the new civilian government in such areas as civilian control of the military , professionalization of security forces and border security , he said , although it might take time before the interim government was in a position to make requests of NATO . And NATO can draw some important lessons from the mission , Wilson said . "  In many respects this was a successful operation . It was an operation in which the United States did play a pretty prominent role , and we even downplayed how much of a role we played . "  But our European partners really stepped up to the plate . It showed that NATO works but it also showed that the alliance is effective in including our Arab partners -- in this operation , a key ingredient to success . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Barbara Starr , Jamie Crawford and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	"  We did what we said we would do , " NATO chief says A decision on a definitive end date will be made next week NATO confirms a strike by its aircraft likely contributed to Gadhafi 's capture Officials : Coalition forces ' seven-month mission is drawing to an end
CNN  -- Do n't print up the official stationary yet , but reality star and entrepreneur Kim Kardashian has designs on political office . More specifically , she 'd like to be the mayor of Glendale , California . Kardashian shared her political aspirations in a bonus clip for her sister Khloe Kardashian Odom 's E! show "  Khloe & Lamar . " "  I decided , I 'm gon na run for the mayor of Glendale , " Kim said as the sisters tooled around Dallas . "  So I have to buy a house there . " The Kardashian candidacy is a long-term goal , Kim acknowledged , saying it 's probably another five years down the road . The next Glendale municipal elections are slated for 2017 . "  You have to have residency there ... so  assistant  Noelle  Keshishian  and I are like looking into all the requirements . ... She 's going to help me with my campaign . " Kardashian 's potential foray into politics comes after successfully parlaying her looks and business savvy into an empire estimated at $ 35 million . In addition to her reality shows , she has launched clothing and perfume lines . The socialite also endorses a number of other products , such as weight loss pills and tennis shoes . Making the political bid attractive to Kardashian is Glendale 's ethnic makeup . Many of the town 's residents share her Armenian heritage . "  Kim has always looked for opportunities to grow and also do what she can to help and support the Armenian community , " a statement from her representative said . "  She 's learning more about ways in which she can help to do her part to make a difference in the community . " Mayor Kim sounds good to a couple of the more influential members of the Los Angeles suburb . "  it 's a great idea , " Ara Najarian , a city councilmember and former Glendale mayor , told E! News . "  I have offered her the position of honorary chief of staff to my office to help her get acquainted to Glendale . " Officially , Kardashian ca n't run for mayor , Najarian said . She would have to be elected to the city council and then selected to be mayor by the other councilmembers for a one-year term .	The next Glendale , California , municipal elections are in 2017 The city 's mayor is selected from the city council Kim Kardashian is a reality star and entrepreneur Current city councilmembers like the idea
CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI is expected to meet the Archbishop of Canterbury on Saturday , the first meeting between the religious leaders since a Catholic overture to disaffected Anglicans that some commentators compared to a hostile takeover on Wall Street . Rowan Williams , the nominal head of the world Anglican Communion , threw down a theological gauntlet to the pope in a highly challenging speech in Rome in the run-up to their meeting . He laid out a series of questions suggesting that decades of hard-won apparent reconciliation between the Catholic Church and other Christian denominations might have weak foundations . He also proposed that a truly universal Christian church might have to be structured more like the Anglican Communion -- with no central authority laying down the law -- than like the Catholic Church , with the pope on his throne . "  Is there a mechanism in the church that has the clear right to determine for all where the limits of Christian identity might be found ? " Williams asked . "  Is the integrity of the church ultimately dependent on a single identifiable ministry of unity to which all local ministries are accountable ? " The meeting comes in the wake of a Vatican move that some say will shatter more than 40 years of efforts to reconcile the Catholic and Anglican churches . The Vatican announced in October that it had worked out a way for Anglicans who are dissatisfied with their church to switch allegiance en masse to Rome . The process will enable groups of Anglicans to become Catholic and recognize the pope as their leader , yet have parishes that retain Anglican rites , Vatican officials said . The move comes some 450 years after King Henry VIII broke from Rome and created the Church of England , forerunner of the Anglican Communion . The number of Anglicans wishing to join the Catholic Church has increased in recent years as the Anglican Church has welcomed the ordination of women and openly gay clergy , said Cardinal William Joseph Levada , the head of the Vatican 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , in announcing the move in October . Williams was said to have been taken by surprise by the move , which critics described as an end run around a long-established Catholic-Anglican dialogue . "  The Catholic Church is responding to the many requests that have been submitted to the Holy See from groups of Anglican clergy and faithful in different parts of the world who wish to enter into full visible communion , " Levada said . Levada said "  hundreds " of Anglicans around the world have expressed their desire to join the Catholic Church . Among them are 50 Anglican bishops , said Archbishop Joseph Augustine Di Noia of the Congregation for Divine Worship . Catholic and Anglican theology and rites are broadly similar , but Anglicans have long allowed priests to marry and have children . In recent decades , the Anglican Communion has allowed women to become priests . The Episcopal Church , the United States branch of the Anglican Communion , has ordained an openly gay bishop , Gene Robinson , and appears to be on the verge of ordaining more . Those developments have caused controversy within the communion , with more conservative parishes setting up alternative structures of authority . Pope Benedict hinted clearly when he last met Williams in Rome almost exactly three years ago to the day that Rome did not look kindly on the Anglican moves . "  Recent developments , especially concerning the ordained ministry and certain moral teachings , have affected not only internal relations within the Anglican Communion but also relations between the Anglican Communion and the Catholic Church , " the pope said in November 2006 . "  We believe that these matters , which are presently under discussion within the Anglican Communion , are of vital importance to the preaching of the gospel in its integrity , and that your current discussions will shape the future of our relations , " he added . There are about 77 million Anglicans worldwide , and about 1.1 billion Roman Catholics .	Pope Benedict XVI , Anglican head to meet , discuss ideologies Vatican recently opened door to disillusioned Anglicans wanting to join Catholic Church Anglican Church has welcomed ordination of women , openly gay clergy
CNN  -- Newburgh , New York , was a main military headquarters for George Washington during the American Revolution . More recently , authorities say , it was the birthplace of a foiled terrorist plot . If Mayor Nick Valentine gets his way , the town of 30,000 will host the terror trial of accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four alleged accomplices . "  We 've got nothing to lose , " said Valentine , who also runs a tailor shop . About 60 miles up the Hudson River from New York City , Newburgh struggles with poverty , unemployment and crime . In 2004 , the town was dubbed the third worst metropolitan area in the country . "  Sometimes , we 're the top five in crime , which is not a very good recognition , " said Valentine , a lifelong resident . "  We struggle with everything . " That 's why , he said , the trial would be a boon for his town . The influx of security personnel would chase the bad people out ; journalists and lawyers in town for the trial would provide a much-needed economic boost . "  People have said : If you have a trial , bad guys will come . My comment back to them : We 've got bad guys right now , " the mayor said . "  If I had a police presence here for an extended period of time , this place would be a safer place . And in the end ... the city of Newburgh would be up a couple notches than where it was before . " The White House has said it is considering changing the current plan to hold the 9/11 trial in lower Manhattan after New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and other officials expressed concerns about security , costs and disruption to the city . Four alternative locations around New York have been discussed : Governors Island , the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , a prison complex in Otisville and Newburgh . Three of the sites , including Newburgh , fall within Orange County , which lost 44 residents in the 9/11 attacks . The top county official is doing everything he can to make sure the trial stays out . "  I do n't want to be known as the terrorist capital of the world , " said Orange County Executive Edward Diana . "  I do n't want them here . Nobody wants them here . " This is one battle , he said , "  I will fight tooth and nail . " "  If I have to shut down roads , if I have to sue the federal government , I will do just that . ... That 's my stance , and I will never back off from there . " Several senators on Tuesday lined up against a civilian 9/11 trial , saying that they would try to cut off funding for it and that it should take place in a military court . Mayor Valentine said he would allow the trial in his town only if Newburgh received the estimated $ 200 million needed for security . "  If it 's going to cost us money , then forget it , " he said . He also agrees with many lawmakers -- that the accused terrorists do n't "  deserve a trial like any other citizen in the United States . " "  But if the president of the United States wants a trial , let me put together a jury of peers from the Hudson Valley area , " he said . The town recently built a $ 22 million courthouse , mandated by the state , and is struggling to pay its bills as a result , Valentine said . The federal funds would help get the town out of a mountain of debt . Ever since he 's spoken up for Newburgh , he said , people have been abuzz in his tailor shop . "  Customers have come in saying , ` You give it your best shot . ' " He added , "  I 've had a couple of negative , but very , very few . " The town has a diverse population -- 36 percent Latino , 34 percent African-American and 28 percent white -- with a median household income of roughly $ 30,000 . The town is the home of the 105th Airlift Wing of the New York Air National Guard . Within its four square miles , there are 70 places of worship , including two synagogues and one mosque , the mayor said . A tree planting last May honored a Muslim U.S. soldier from Newburgh who was killed by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan . The soldier , 1st Lt. Mohsin Naqvi , had signed up with the Army Reserve just four days after 9/11 . "  We 're a proud city , " the mayor said . Last June , four men , dubbed the Newburgh Four , were indicted in what prosecutors said was a plot to bomb two New York City synagogues and fire surface-to-air missiles at U.S. military planes . The mayor lauded his law enforcement for its participation in that federal probe . "  We have challenges . We have risen up to challenges in the past . We 're very formidable , " he said . Now , he hopes the town "  where George Washington refused the crown " will have a new place in history : the town that sentences the 9/11 mastermind to death .	Newburgh , New York , is being considered as a potential site for 9/11 trial "  We 've got nothing to lose , " says Mayor Nick Valentine County official : "  I do n't want to be known as the terrorist capital of the world " Newburgh made headlines last summer after authorities say they foiled a terror plot
CNN  -- A former hospital worker systematically shot and killed four people in upstate New York on Saturday , authorities in two counties said . Former hospital worker Frank Garcia , 34 , has been accused in the shooting rampage . Frank Garcia , 34 , was arrested Saturday afternoon . Garcia knew all four victims , police said , but they did n't reveal details about the relationships . "  The individuals who were shot were known to the suspect . It was not necessarily a random act , " Monroe County Sheriff Patrick O'Flynn said . The first two victims -- Mary Sillman , 23 , and Randall Norman , 41 -- were fatally shot before 5 a.m. at Lakeside Memorial Hospital in Brockport , where Garcia was once employed , O'Flynn said . Another woman was wounded and is undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital , he said . The second shooting happened at a house in nearby Ontario County on Saturday afternoon . Christopher Glatz , 45 , and his wife , Kim , 38 , were killed "  execution-style " while their two teenagers were in the suburban Rochester home , Ontario County Sheriff Philip Povero said . The teens were not wounded , but it is unclear whether they witnessed the event . Povero said neighbors reported Garcia went door-to-door looking for the Glatzes ' home . "  He was in fact looking for the residence , " Povero said . "  He was saying different things to different people , but he was clearly looking for that home . " Ballistic evidence has connected the two crime scenes , Povero said . Investigators found the matching brass cartridges from a pistol found on Garcia when he was arrested , he said . Garcia was arrested at a restaurant Saturday afternoon , CNN affiliate R-News in Rochester reported . Garcia was to be arraigned Saturday night in Monroe County , where the first shootings occurred , on two counts of first-degree murder and one count of attempted murder in the second degree , O'Flynn said . Sillman was a certified nursing assistant at Lakeside 's long-term care center , hospital officials said . "  During Mary 's brief time within the system , those who worked closest with Mary described her as warm , kind and compassionate toward the residents of Lakeside Beikirch Care Center , " Lakeside interim CEO Michael Stapleton said in a statement . Garcia likely will face similar charges in Ontario County , Povero said . "  This certainly speaks to a tragedy that is enormous , not only the taking of the lives that were taken , but the people that were left behind , the person in Brockport and the two teenage children who were present when their mother was systematically murdered , " Povero said .	Suspect went door-to-door in search of victims ' residence , authorities say Christopher Glatz , 45 , and wife Kim , 38 , were shot "  execution-style " in home The couple 's teenage children at suburban Rochester home but were not injured Mary Sillman , 23 , and Randall Norman , 41 , shot at a hospital earlier Saturday
London  CNN  -- A comprehensive new study identifying the most threatened sea turtle populations worldwide has been published by conservationists . The report , jointly produced by the International Union for Conservation of Nature  IUCN  , the Marine Turtle Specialist Group  MTSG  , Conservation International  CI  and the U.S. 's National Fish and Wildlife Foundation , is the first detailed appraisal of global sea turtle populations , say the authors , and will provide a blueprint for future conservation efforts . "  This assessment system provides a baseline status for all sea turtles from which we can gauge our progress on recovering these threatened populations in the future , " Roderic Mast , co-chair of the MTSG and vice-president of CI said in a statement . "  Through this process , we have learned a lot about what is working and what is n't in sea turtle conservation , so now we look forward to turning the lessons learned into sound conservation strategies for sea turtles and their habitats , " Mast added . Almost half of the world 's most threatened sea turtle species can be found in the northern waters of the Indian Ocean and on nesting beaches lying within Exclusive Economic Zones in countries such as India , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh , according to the report . Threatened populations here include both loggerhead turtles  classified "  endangered " by the IUCN Red List  and ridley turtles  "  vulnerable "  . "  The report confirms that India is a home to many of the most threatened sea turtles in the world , " B. C. Choudhury , from the Wildlife Institute of India said in a statement . "  This paper is a wake-up call for the authorities to do more to protect India 's sea turtles and their habitats to ensure that they survive , " he added . Other hotspots for sea turtles include the east Pacific Ocean  running from the U.S. to South America  and the east Atlantic Ocean -- specifically off the coast of western Africa . According to the report , threats to sea turtles vary from region to region but can be broadly categorized . These include accidental  caught in fishing nets  and deliberate targeting  for trades in eggs , meat and shells  , coastal development , pollution and climate change . Join Philippe Cousteau for "  Your Green World " As well as highlighting danger areas , the report also pinpoints regions which are supporting healthier populations which face relatively low threats . Species including the hawksbill turtle and the green turtle are thriving in nesting sites and feeding areas in Australia , Mexico and Brazil , along with southwestern Indian Ocean , Micronesia  in Oceania  and French Polynesia . The report helps set up "  priorities for different populations in different regions , " says Bryan Wallace , director of science for the marine flagship species program at CI and lead author of the report . "  Sea turtles everywhere are conservation-dependent , but this framework will help us effectively target our conservation efforts around the world , " Wallace said in a statement . The report is published in the online science journal PLoS  Public Library of Science  .	New report reveals northern Indian Ocean as area where most sea turtles under threat Report is first comprehensive status assessment of global sea turtle populations East Pacific Ocean also a danger zone for turtles along with east Atlantic Ocean Australia , Mexico and Brazil among areas where sea turtles are fairing better , report says
CNN  -- Two former U.S. Border Patrol agents -- whose cases became flashpoints in the controversy over border security -- were released early from prison Tuesday , one of their attorneys and a congressman said . An artist 's sketch shows Ignacio Ramos , left , and Jose Compean . The agents were convicted in 2006 of shooting and wounding an unarmed illegal immigrant and then covering it up . President George W. Bush issued commutations for both men during his final days in office last month . Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean had received 11 - and 12-year prison sentences , respectively . After the commutation , their prison sentences were set to end March 20 . Ramos was released on furlough to travel from prison in Phoenix , Arizona , to his home in El Paso , Texas , where he will serve the remaining portion of his sentence under house arrest , said his attorney , David L. Botsford of Austin , Texas . After March 20 , Ramos will be on "  supervised release " -- similar to probation -- for up to three years , Botsford said . Compean had been incarcerated in Elkton , Ohio , said U.S. Rep. Dana Rohrabacher , R-California . "  At last , Ramos and Compean have been rightfully reunited with their families , " Rohrabacher said in a statement . "  This day is long overdue . I wish the Ramos and Compean families the best as they now try to pick up the pieces and begin to heal from this terrible ordeal . " Both men had requested presidential clemency , and the U.S. Justice Department 's Office of the Pardon Attorney was reviewing their requests when Bush made his decision , office spokeswoman Laura Sweeney said . "  The president has reviewed the circumstances of this case as a whole and the conditions of confinement and believes the sentences they received are too harsh and that they , and their families , have suffered enough for their crimes , " a senior administration official said . The official noted that both Democratic and Republican members of Congress had supported a commutation , including President Barack Obama 's chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , and Texas GOP Sens. Kay Bailey Hutchison and John Cornyn . Department of Homeland Security Inspector General Richard L. Skinner , in a statement posted on the agency 's Web site , confirmed that his staff wrongly told members of Congress last September that Compean had stated he "  wanted to shoot a Mexican . " "  At the time my staff made that statement , they believed it to be true , although we later learned it was inaccurate , " Skinner said . "  In fact , Mr. Compean had stated in a sworn statement that ` my intent was to kill the alien ... and I think Nacho -LSB- Ramos -RSB- was also trying to kill the alien . ' " Critics of U.S. immigration policy have been campaigning for a pardon for the two agents , arguing they were just doing their jobs . The shooting happened February 17 , 2005 , on the U.S.-Mexico border southeast of El Paso , Texas . During their trial , Ramos and Compean said that the illegal immigrant , Osvaldo Aldrete-Davila , had brandished a gun while actively resisting arrest . Aldrete-Davila said , however , that he was unarmed and trying to surrender when Compean attempted to beat him with a shotgun . Aldrete-Davila was shot while fleeing toward the Rio Grande . Ramos and Compean were convicted of assault with a dangerous weapon , lying about the incident and violating Aldrete-Davila 's Fourth Amendment right against illegal search and seizure . After receiving immunity to testify in the case against the two agents , Aldrete-Davila was arrested in 2007 on charges of bringing more than 750 pounds of marijuana into the United States . The case became a political flashpoint , with advocates of tighter border controls defending the agents and civil liberties groups saying that the agents had used illegal and excessive force against Aldrete-Davila . Bush granted 189 pardons and 11 commutations during his eight years in office , far fewer than Presidents Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan in their two-term administrations . A commutation reduces a convict 's prison term , but the conviction remains on the person 's record . A pardon wipes the slate clean by erasing the record of the conviction . A president has the sole authority to grant clemency to whomever he chooses , although a Justice Department office usually reviews applications and makes recommendations after considering such standards as a person 's degree of remorse and ability to lead a responsible and productive life after release . Those applying for a pardon through the Justice Department are required to wait at least five years after their conviction or release from confinement .	The two men were convicted of wounding an unarmed illegal immigrant President Bush issued commutations for both men during his final days in office Their cases became flashpoints in the controversy over border security Ignacio Ramos , Jose Compean got 11 - and 12-year prison sentences , respectively
CNN  -- Former Bosnian Serb army chief Ratko Mladic refused to testify Tuesday at the genocide trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic in the Netherlands and denounced the U.N.-backed court as "  satanic . " Both men are on trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , or ICTY , for their role in the conflict that followed the breakup of the former Yugoslavia two decades ago . But Mladic said he does not recognize the court in The Hague and rejects it as satanic . "  It is not a court of justice , and it is trying us because we are Serbs and are trying to protect our people from you , " he said . The former army chief , who was arrested in May 2011 after a decade on the run , is being tried separately from his former ally , Karadzic , but was called Tuesday as a defense witness in latter 's trial . Mladic agreed to answer only the first of six questions put to him -- on the positions held during his military career -- arguing that his testimony could harm his own case . Karadzic faces two counts of genocide , among other charges , one of which relates to the massacre of nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica in July 1995 . The second question put to Mladic by Karadzic 's defense was , "  Did you ever inform me , orally or in writing , that prisoners in Srebrenica would be , were being , or had been executed ? " The next was , "  Did we have any agreement or understanding that the citizens of Sarajevo should be subjected to terror by shelling and sniping ? " Mladic was also asked about the reasons for the shelling and sniping in Sarajevo , and what he had told Karadzic . More than 10,000 people , most of them civilians , died in the lengthy siege of Sarajevo , the Bosnian capital , by Bosnian Serb forces that pounded the city every day from higher ground . Mladic was also asked if he and Karadzic had any agreement "  to expel Muslims or Croats residing in Serb-controlled areas " -- a question related to the second genocide charge faced by Karadzic . Karadzic : From psychiatrist to ` Butcher of Bosnia ' Elaborate disguise The court proceedings are now in recess , the ICTY said . There was already an early break in proceedings after Mladic asked to be brought his dentures before he answered questions , said ICTY spokeswoman Magdalena Spalinska . Karadzic was captured in 2008 after more than 13 years of hiding in plain sight in Belgrade . He had adopted an elaborate disguise that included long hair and a full beard , and was practicing alternative medicine in the Serbian capital . His trial started in 2009 , and the prosecution rested its case in May 2012 . The defense case began in October of that year . Mladic is accused of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes in a trial that began in 2011 . Both men would face life in prison if convicted . The court can not impose the death penalty . Balkans conflicts The ICTY is still prosecuting a number of cases of alleged war crimes committed during the conflicts in the Balkans in the 1990s . The Srebrenica massacre became an emblem of the dissolution of Yugoslavia -- once a multiethnic state of Serbs , Croats , Muslims and others -- into six countries during a bloody and brutal conflict . Other defendants at the court include Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic , accused of crimes against humanity and war crimes ; and Vojislav Seselj , a Serb nationalist politician who faces charges of crimes against humanity and war crimes . The tribunal says "  the most significant number " of its cases have dealt with alleged crimes by Serbians or Bosnian Serbs . But there have been convictions for crimes against Serbs by others , including Croats , Bosnian Muslims and Kosovo Albanians . CNN 's Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	NEW : Ratko Mladic declines to answer questions on Srebrenica massacre , Sarajevo siege Mladic says U.N.-backed court is "  satanic , " argues testimony could harm his own case He is called as a defense witness in the trial of ex-Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic Both men are being tried on charges of genocide and other war crimes during the 1990s
CNN  -- A Syrian rebel carves the heart out of a dead man and bites it . His comrades nearby cheer : "  God is great . " This is from a video that is circulating on the Internet . The appalling footage has all the world asking : What kind of people could do this ? We tell ourselves these men must be monsters , people utterly unlike us , people we could never understand . But we do n't say this because it is true . We say this because it is comforting to think so . The far more frightening possibility we must face is that such evil is not diabolically inhuman or beyond understanding . It is human -- very human . How can ordinary men commit such horrific acts ? The war criminals I have met did not start out by desecrating corpses , torturing villagers or murdering children . They got there slowly . There are some men who are natural monsters , but most monsters are made . This is how you make them . First , take a man  and yes , it is most often a man  and isolate him . Separate him from his family and friends and put him in an information bubble , an echo chamber cut off from the outside world . Make him conform to the values of his new group by exploiting his insecurity and need for approval . This is the first step in any war . Second , train him to think that the world is painted in black and white , not shades of gray . Train him in either-or , binary thinking . Either you are my friend or my enemy . Either you are pure or impure . Either the people you love are safe or they are in immediate peril . Either you are all right or you are all wrong . Third , physically exhaust him . Break down his body and spirit -- through brutal training or prolonged combat -- until he ca n't think straight . Subject him to a system of harsh and arbitrary punishment and equally arbitrary rewards . Condition him to feel helpless . A man who feels like he has lost control over his life is a dangerous man , because hurting others feels like control . Fourth -- and this is the most important part -- start small . Work up to atrocity step by step . Put him into a strange and frightening environment with minimal regulation . Let the aggression escalate . Each violent act he commits while trying to survive will make the next act feel easier , more natural . The first time he kills a villager , it is terrifying . The second time , it is hard . The third or fourth time , it starts to feel almost easy . Eventually , he finds himself competing with his fellow soldiers to see who can do it fastest , most often , most creatively . Watching videos like this , and thinking thoughts like this , it is easy to lose hope . In war , are we doomed always to descend into barbarism ? The answer is no . The nightmare video from Syria is not inevitable . The very same steps used for creating monsters can also be used to stop monstrosity -- you just need to reverse the steps . Some people are born moral heroes , but most are made . And this is how you make them . First , take a young man and start small . Work up to altruism and moral courage step by step . Each small thing he does to attend to the suffering of another or stand up against injustice will make the next act feel easier , more natural . Second , give him a clear system of rules with predictable consequences . Teach him he has the ability to make choices about his life , and that these choices matter . Third , teach him that the world 's problems are n't as simple as us-versus-them , good-versus-evil . Teach him that there are n't easy solutions to complex problems . Teach him to tolerate , without fear and anxiety , life 's difficult ambiguity and uncertainty . And finally -- to those of you , like me , who are parents of young boys -- teach him to seek out "  the other " : Other clubs and groups , other sources of information , other places to see , other kinds of people , other cultural values . Spoil him with diversity , so that if there ever comes a time when he is called to war , he will always remember to see the world through the other 's eyes . He will fight , but he will fight against an enemy that he sees as a person , like him . He will see their humanity , and in so doing , he will preserve his own . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Dawes .	A video shows a Syrian rebel carving the heart out of a dead soldier and eating it James Dawes : How can ordinary men commit such horrific acts ? He says there are some men who are natural monsters , but most monsters are made Dawes : The same steps used for creating monsters can show how to stop atrocities
CNN  -- North Korea has begun reprocessing fuel rods , its Foreign Ministry said Saturday , according to state-run media . A satellite view of the nuclear facility at Yongbyon . "  The reprocessing of spent fuel rods from the pilot atomic power plant began as declared in the Foreign Ministry statement dated April 14 , " a ministry spokesman said . "  This will contribute to bolstering the nuclear deterrence for self-defense in every way to cope with the increasing military threats from the hostile forces . " North Korea , angered by the United Nations Security Council 's unanimous condemnation of a rocket launch , has threatened to walk away from the six-party talks aimed at disarming the country of nuclear weapons . It has said it will restore its disabled nuclear reactor . The six-party talks -- involving China , Japan , North Korea , Russia , South Korea and the United States -- have been aimed at persuading North Korea to scrap its nuclear program . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , during an unannounced visit to Baghdad , Iraq , said the United States and its partners are working to resume the discussions . A U.N. panel Friday targeted three North Korean companies to have their assets frozen in response to Pyongyang 's April 5 rocket launch . The companies that made the list were Korea Mining Development Trading Corporation  KOMID  , Korea Ryonbong General Corporation and Tanchon Commercial Bank . U.N. member nations that have dealings with those companies must now freeze their assets . A presidential statement from the Security Council on April 13 authorized the sanctions panel to update a 2006 resolution barring North Korea from launching ballistic missiles after Pyongyang launched what it said was a communications satellite after weeks of warnings from the West not to do so . North Korea declared the launch successful , but U.S. officials said the missile 's payload fell into the Pacific Ocean shortly after the launch . Japan , the United States and the United Kingdom had sought a new resolution imposing new sanctions on North Korea , but China and Russia -- permanent members of the Security Council with veto privileges -- blocked the way .	NEW : U.S. , partners working to resume talks , Clinton says North Korea begins reprocessing nuclear fuel rods , state media reports Process will bolster country 's nuclear deterrence , foreign ministry says Pyongyang angered by U.N. condemnation of rocket launch
CNN  She 's said it once , and she 'll say it four times : Sen. Elizabeth Warren is not running for president . Asked four times by NPR 's Steve Inskeep on Monday morning whether she was running for president , Warren held her ground , repeating each time : "  I am not running for president . " "  That 's not what we 're doing . We had a really important fight in the United States Congress just this past week , and I 'm putting all my energy into that fight , into what happens after this , " the Massachusetts Democrat said . Inskeep pointed out that she was speaking in the present tense , and that she had n't said she would "  never " run , but Warren did n't change her tune , eventually becoming so exasperated she demanded , "  do you want me to put an exclamation point at the end ? " The questions came in the context of a growing movement to draft Warren into the presidential race , launched by a handful of progressive groups that see her as a transformative figure on the left . And they follow a weekend in which she emerged as a powerful figure on the left as the leader of Democratic opposition to a must-pass government spending bill that included policy riders that progressives found unpalatable . One rider rolled back a key provision of the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill , a pet priority of Warren 's . And defections from both Democrats and Republicans in the House threatened passage of the bill and brought Congress to the brink of another shutdown this week . It eventually passed both the House and the Senate , however , and Warren said Monday morning that "  we do n't want to shut down the government , " suggesting she has no plans to take Congress past the brink to defend her priorities . But the newly-minted member of Senate Democratic leadership hinted she 'd continue to stoke controversy within the party . "  I am grateful to have a place at the table , but my priorities have n't changed , " she said . "  I 'm gon na stand up and fight for what I believe in . " Hundreds of Obama alums urge Warren to run	Sen. Elizabeth Warren was interviewed Monday morning by NPR She repeatedly said she was not running for president Warren has emerged as powerful figure in the Senate as a voice for the left
CNN  -- On a day of national celebration in Pakistan , the country 's cricket team provided the perfect present for Quaid Day by defeating archrival India in its Twenty20 encounter in Bangalore , India . On the 136th anniversary since the birth of Father of the Nation , Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah , Pakistan 's players marked the day in style with a hugely impressive performance . The Quaid-e-Azam was the man who helped secure the formation of the state of Pakistan on August 14 , 1947 , and went on to become the nation 's first ever governor general . He is highly revered and his memory was not forgotten by Pakistan captain Mohammad Hafeez , who dedicated the victory to the national hero . "  It is a gift for the whole nation , it is Quaid day back home , " said Hafeez following his team 's five-wicket victory . India-Pakistan cricket series hit by media blackout Pakistan 's joy came following an enthralling contest during the first bilateral series between the two teams in five years . Needing to surpass India 's 133-9 , Pakistan fought back from a nightmare start to snatch victory with just two deliveries remaining . Pakistan 's hope of trumping its fierce rival appeared to have faded when India reduced the visitor to 12-3 . But Shoaib Malik , who is married to Indian tennis star Sania Mirza , hit 57 from 50 balls , which included a giant six to win the game . It was a game which India had looked set to run away with as openers Gautam Gambhir  43  and Ajinkya Rahane  42  put on 77 for the opening wicket . Tendulkar quits one-day internationals But a huge collapse , which accounted for nine wickets and just 47 runs , allowed Pakistan back into the contest . Umar Gul took 3-21 and Saaed Ajmal 2-25 as India finished on 133-9 from its 20 overs . India 's low total looked less than formidable but an early crisis almost left Pakistan facing an embarrassing defeat . Bhuvneshwar Kumar produced a blistering spell on debut , taking 3-9 as the top order was ripped apart . It was only when Malik and Hafeez finally got themselves into the contest with a 106-run partnership that Pakistan finally looked to threaten . When Hafeez fell for 61 , the tourist needed 16 from the remaining 17 deliveries to win . And despite a few nervous moments , it was left to Malik to seal victory , smashing the ball for six with three balls to go before sparking scenes of celebrations amongst his teammates . Malik said : "  We were struggling when the debutant bowler , I do n't remember his name , took those early wickets , Hafeez played a brilliant innings . "  You are playing against India , pressure is always there , but you have to play according to the situation . "	Pakistan defeated India by five wickets in Bangalore It is the first time in five years that the two teams have met in a bilateral series India scored 133-9 in its 20 overs Captain Mohammad Hafeez top scored for Pakistan with 61 as it won with two balls to spare
CNN  -- Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has dismissed reports that Wayne Rooney could be leaving the English Premier League leaders as "  absolute rubbish " and insisted Friday the striker would be at Old Trafford next season . Rooney , who has two years left on his contract at United , was surprisingly left on the bench for Tuesday 's 2-1 home defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League last 16 , with Danny Welbeck preferred . Ferguson claimed the decision was "  completely tactical " with the aim of blunting the creativity of Real midfielder Xabi Alonso and was not as a result of a rift with Rooney . "  We do n't always get it right but I think we did get it right. , " Ferguson told the official Manchester United website . "  Danny Welbeck is the best player we have in terms of operating in a double role . " He went on : "  There is absolutely no issue between Wayne Rooney and I. To suggest we do n't talk to each other on the training ground is absolute nonsense . " United take on Chelsea in the quarterfinals of the English FA Cup Sunday and Ferguson confirmed the 27-year-old Rooney , signed from Everton in 2004 , would play some part and was there to stay . "  Wayne will be here next year , " he promised . "  You have my word on that . I have no issues at all with the player and he 'll be involved on Sunday . " Rooney threatened to leave the Red Devils in October 2010 , but was talked out of it by Ferguson , pledging his future to United with a lucrative new contract . He had been linked with a move across Manchester to arch rivals Manchester City , who pipped them to the EPL title last season . City manager Roberto Mancini appeared to rule out any attempt to sign Rooney this time around when he addressed reporters Friday . Mancini said : "  I do n't know . I do n't know this situation . I can understand Rooney would be upset if he did n't play but these are things that can happen in every team . After one week it is finished "  I think that Rooney is one of the best strikers in Europe but I think it is difficult he can leave Man United , " added the Italian . Meanwhile , Mario Balotelli , the striker let go by Mancini in the transfer window , continued his excellent start to his AC Milan career . Balotelli , a second half substitute for Gianpaolo Pazzini , who had put Milan ahead at Genoa Friday night , scored the second to seal the three points . It was his fifth Serie A goal in five games since joining Milan , who had to play the last 25 minutes without defender Kevin Constant , who was red carded . It leaves them two points behind second placed Napoli ahead of the weekend fixtures .	Alex Ferguson dismisses reports that Wayne Rooney leaving Man Utd Ferguson says England striker will be at Old Trafford next season Confirms he will play some part in FA Cup tie with Chelsea Sunday Mario Balotelli scores again for AC Milan in Genoa win
Like many parents , Carrie Goldman was thrilled to learn that Britain 's biggest department store recently reopened its toy department with a fresh look : dolls and trucks side by side . Instead of organizing toys into color-coded aisles of pink for girls and blue for boys , Harrods ' new 26,000 square-foot "  Toy Kingdom " is broken into six interactive "  worlds . " Looking for costumes , a rocking horse or stuffed elephants ? Try the Big Top , which Harrods describes as "  a fairground of circus acts and candy floss , with magicians and jugglers on stage . " In the Odyssey , "  a gigantic space rocket crashes through the floor and a huge sun bursts through the wall in front of an Area 51-inspired space and gadget zone , complete with alien space pods and limited-edition pieces . " For Goldman , a mother of three in suburban Chicago , it 's a step in the right direction toward breaking down the gender divide erected at an early age through playtime . She experienced firsthand how those barriers can hurt children and make them feel like they need to change who they are to gain acceptance on the playground . Two years ago , Goldman 's 7-year-old daughter came home in tears after classmates teased her for carrying a "  Star Wars " thermos to school , saying "  Stars Wars " was for boys . Goldman shared the story on her blog , Portrait of An Adoption , and within a matter of days , the tale of "  Star Wars Katie " went viral , drawing support from around the world . Her plight did n't just strike a nerve with parents and children -- George Lucas ' daughter , also named Katie , and the actor who played Chewbacca also had words of wisdom for Katie based on their experiences getting bullied for somehow being different . The sheer volume of responses compelled Goldman to delve into why so many people could relate to Katie 's story . That research culminated in her first book , "  Bullied : What Every Parent , Teacher and Kid Needs to Know About Ending the Cycle of Fear , " released this month . In it , she explores the subtle and not-so-subtle ways in which society fosters a fear of those perceived as different and what parents can do about it . The negative effects of enforcing gender norms emerged as a prominent theme , including the way girls are often nudged in the direction of princess fantasies and dolls while building blocks and train sets are traditionally boys ' toys . It 's part of the reason why Goldman saw the move by a large retailer such as Harrods as promising . Removing gender-specific connotations from packaging or displays sends the message to children that they 're open to everyone , she said . When stores separate toys into aisles for girls and boys , however , they learn that anyone who deviates from their designated shelves deserves to be ridiculed . "  We ca n't truly address bullying without talking about the fear of people perceived as different , " Goldman said . "  If you have a 6-to 8-year-old boy who goes into Harrods and sees ` Star Wars ' toys next to other dolls and action figures , maybe it 'll make him think differently when he sees a girl with a ` Star Wars ' thermos . We could be preventing future bullies by teaching them to be open-minded now . " In the chapter "  Calling on Toy Retailers to Eliminate Gender-Based Marketing , " Goldman posits that the reason stores segregate by gender is so they can sell more of the same product . If a store carries soccer balls in pink and blue , a mother shopping for her son and daughter can buy one for each . In addition to reinforcing gender stereotypes , the brother and sister no longer need to share , "  eliminating an opportunity to develop their social skills , " Goldman says in the book . With children returning to school , Goldman 's book lands at a time when bullying is front and center in parents ' minds . It also comes in an era when the connection between gender norms and bullying is getting increased scrutiny from parents , educators and activists , prompting more direct action instead of just talk . When Lego announced plans to sell a new line of sets packaged in pink boxes and containing busty characters , salons and spas , girl-led activist movement SPARK launched a petition to quash the toys . Restricting train sets to boys and dress-up to girls not only reinforces outdated gender roles but also stifles creativity , said psychology professor Deborah Tolman of the Hunter College School of Social Work in New York and co-founder of SPARK . "  Kids get a lot of ideas early from play about what they can do , what they like and what they can aspire to , " Tolman said . "  By making those themes gender specific , it leaves out a whole range of possibilities . " Efforts at gender neutral play are not about eradicating the sight of pink or blue from toy stores or necessarily pushing children away from toys traditionally associated with their gender , she said . It 's simply a matter of making them feel like all options are open . "  It 's about making all these ways of playing part of the human experience . Anxiety about gender has created codes that have nothing to do with how people should be people , " she said . "  There 's nothing wrong with pink . It 's the meaning we infuse it with . " Many independent toy stores across the United States have been doing what Harrods is doing for decades . Nancy Stanek was tired of toy shopping for her children and seeing the same limited offerings of Barbies and baby dolls in the girls ' aisle and cars and action figures designated for boys . So she opened a toy store in Chicago in 1974 with "  open-ended activities " in mind : puzzles , games , building blocks , train sets and dolls arranged by theme instead of color-coded aisles of pink for girls and blue for boys . But more than 30 years later , Stanek is concerned by the marketing direction she said some toy manufacturers are pushing on her . She 's reluctant to carry makeup sets and spa kits targeted at tweens and does n't see the point of selling green Rollerblades with a picture of a boy on the box . For that matter , why should she fill her tiny store with pink bicycles adorned with flowers instead of yellow or purple ones that might appeal to boys and girls ? "  I am becoming increasingly concerned with how we seem to be veering back into very gender-specific toys and activities , " said Stanek , who owns four Toys et Cetera locations in the Chicago area . "  It 's almost as if we 've backtracked . We 're pushing little girls into princess dresses and ballerina costumes . " That 's not to say her stores do n't carry fairy dresses or knights . But she tries to balance it out with costumes of doctors , chefs and pirates that show boys and girls on the packaging . She would n't even mind selling green in-line skates as long as the packaging is n't directed at one gender over the other . "  There are a lot of good , responsible manufacturers out there that go out of their way to depict objects in play showing both girls and boys , " she said . "  I generally opt for the ones that are basically presenting the activity appropriate for both sexes . " Goldman 's book also looks at how reducing a woman 's value to her physical attractiveness plays into bullying , especially among girls . With makeup kits being marketed to children at younger ages , beauty and body adornment become ways in which children choose bullying targets . "  Toys for girls are overwhelmingly spa kits and princess parties , all these things to beautify themselves with , " Goldman said . "  There 's nothing wrong with wanting to look pretty , but if your reason to look pretty is to please the kids at school , that 's where it 's a problem . " It 's not just an issue for parents of young girls . Cheryl Kilodavis and her son are used to dealing with odd looks and comments from strangers over his affinity for all things pink , including dresses , jewelry and toys . When 7-year-old Dyson 's preference for "  pretty things " emerged at an early age , Kilodavis struggled with how to handle it . The bumpy road to acceptance prompted her to share her family 's story in the picture book , "  My Princess Boy , " which came out in 2010 , stirring a bit of controversy . Kilodavis said she supports him , even though she still has occasional moments of hesitation when he emerges from his room in a red dress . "  As parents , we all want our kids to be happy and to be themselves , " she said . "  But things get in the way of expression and letting kids choose toys or clothes that express who they are . " In public though , adults seem to have the hardest time accepting it . Just last week , a little girl in the toy aisle told Dyson that he could n't have the mermaid toy he wanted because "  it 's not for boys , " Kilodavis said . When the girl looked to her mother for guidance , she agreed . "  I think there 's a lot more anxiety around it on the parent 's side , but we set the example for our kids , " Kilodavis said . Boys are more likely to get picked on for stepping outside of the box to play with dolls or wear a pink backpack than girls are for playing with cars or wearing jeans , said Tolman , the psychology professor . It only makes matters worse when parents attach negative connotations to boys acting on traditionally feminine tendencies out of fear that they 'll be labeled "  gay , " she said . "  If kids are coming into social situations with more constrained ideas about what boys and girls should be from playing , you can see how that would contribute to the negative reinforcement of ideas about identity and sexuality , " Tolman said . Well-intentioned parents might feel like they 're saving their sons from bullying by pointing them away from traditionally feminine toys or behaviors . But Goldman said that encouraging them to change for the sake of others protects the bully and not the child . "  In the short term , they might protect the child from being taunted , but in the long term , it shows the world that who he really is is n't as important as the status quo , " she said . "  Those are the kids who are really tormented because they 're not allowed to express themselves . " Are you a parent whose child plays across gender lines ? What do you think of Harrods ' new toy department design ? Share your opinion in the comments section below .	Parents praise Harrods for "  Toy Kingdom " in which toys are arranged by theme , not gender "  Bullied " author says "  color-coded " toys foster animosity toward kids who are different Carrie Goldman , mother of "  Star Wars Katie , " wrote book after outpouring of support Boys more likely to get picked on for defying gender norms than girls , expert says
For 13 years , President Bashar al-Assad has governed Syria . For 2 1/2 of those years he 's faced repeated calls from many inside and outside the country for his resignation . Now , al-Assad 's regime is thought by many Western governments to have used chemical weapons against its own people , prompting talk of international military intervention . But Syria 's president shows no sign of stepping back from the brink of confrontation . So who is al-Assad and what might he do next ? When Bashar al-Assad succeeded his father Hafez Assad in 2000 , there was the promise of a modern and more democratic Syria . In his inauguration speech , al-Assad indicated he would be a very different kind of leader to his father . "  I shall try my very best to lead our country towards a future that fulfills the hopes and legitimate ambitions of our people , " he said . And for a while that promise was kept . His official website says he has built free-trade zones , licensed more private newspapers and private universities , and fought government waste and corruption . He has also worked on social and economic reform . Low profile for Syria 's first lady But many say al-Assad 's promises have largely not been delivered . Human Rights Watch called his first 10 years as president "  the wasted decade , " with a media that remained controlled by the state , a monitored and censored Internet and prisons still filled with dissidents . Back in 2011 , al-Assad drew criticism from around the globe as he met popular protests and unrest with force . Since then , the conflict has escalated into a brutal civil war and the rebels have at times threatened government strongholds in Damascus . Through it all , al-Assad and his government have consistently said that its forces are targeting armed terrorists funded by outside agitators . And the president has shown no sign that he will accede to demands that he stand down and quit the country . In November last year , he told Russia Today TV : "  I am Syrian . I was made in Syria and to live and die in Syria . " Over time , his public appearances have become rare events . But an Instagram account set up on July 24 offers an alternative vision of the president 's life -- one that is all about feeding the hungry , science Olympiads and widespread support for al-Assad and his wife , Asma . The closest it comes to reflecting the ongoing war are pictures of the president meeting "  with the armed forces who are fighting the terrorist groups . " Andrew Tabler , a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , describes al-Assad as "  a master of deception " -- and his manipulation of the media is one part of that . "  I think that the regime -- the package of Bashar and his wife Asma , it 's very seductive . And it draws you -- how could someone who seems so reasonable command such a horrific regime ? " said Tabler . And if the threat of Western military intervention in Syria is borne out , al-Assad 's response may not be an obvious one , he said . "  He 's going to think about , ` How am I going to react to these strikes ? ' Now what we can see from past strikes by the Israelis is that actually Bashar does very , very little in terms of a direct response . But over time , he might carry out other kinds of attacks on American assets . " A brutal war ? Not to hear al-Assad 's Instagram tell it ` Victim of cruelty ' Two former regime insiders -- now its opponents -- told CNN of their time with the younger al-Assad . Former Vice President Abdel Halim Khaddam said Bashar was often the victim of his elder brother 's cruelty . "  His brother Basil bullied him as a child . His father never gave him as much attention as Basil , " Khaddam said . Al-Assad 's uncle Rifaat , who left Syria in 1984 after being involved in a failed coup , also recalled the future president . "  He is very different than his father . Hafez was a leader , the head of the entire regime , while Bashar was never that close to being one and never fell within that framework . He is being perceived as the leader but he follows what the regime decides on his behalf . " Al-Assad himself said reform faltered because of unrest in neighboring states -- Lebanon and Iraq . But Khaddam , who was vice president under both Bashar and his father , says the younger al-Assad is both brutal and indecisive . "  Bashar 's problem is that he listens to everything but denies and forgets quickly . You discuss an issue with him in the morning and another person comes along and changes his mind . "  Politically , Bashar does not have a consistent ideology ; he changes his opinion according to his interests and that of the regime . " And the regime is a family affair . Al-Assad 's younger brother Maher commands an elite division of the army , and is accused of widespread human rights abuses . His cousin Rami Makhlouf is the richest man in Syria . The Assads belong to Syria 's Alawite minority , who according to the president 's uncle Rifaat , are driven by fears they could be overwhelmed . "  There is no doubt that the Alawites are a minority who are in fear of the outcome and they are driven by that fear factor , " he said . ` Not my forces ' Despite the brutal crackdown in Syria , al-Assad has maintained that he is not in charge of Syria 's military . He told ABC 's Barbara Walters in 2011 : "  They are not my forces . They are forces for the government . I do n't own them . I 'm president . I do n't own the country . So they are not my forces . " Would n't al-Assad , the commander in chief , have had to give the order for any military actions ? "  No , no no , " he said . Not by your command ? "  No , " he said , "  on no one 's command . There was no command to kill or to be brutal . " Al-Assad said those members of the armed forces who "  went too far " had been disciplined . But Khaddam , the former vice president , expressed no doubts about who does give the orders to kill : "  Bashar Al-Assad and no one else . He gives out orders to use all means of force to crush the revolution . He is surrounded by close aides and a security apparatus that advise him , but he decides . " It was n't expected that Bashar would carry on the family 's political dynasty . He did n't seem to have the personality for the job ; he was n't deeply involved in military or government matters , according to "  Inheriting Syria : Bashar 's Trial by Fire , " a biography by Flynt Leverett , who worked as an expert on Syria for the CIA in the 1990s and was the senior director for Middle East affairs at the National Security Council in the early 2000s . Because his older brother Basil was expected to succeed his father , Bashar al-Assad went to London in the 1990s and studied ophthalmology , and headed the Syrian Computer Society . "  Dr. Bashar , " as he was widely known , liked to windsurf and play volleyball . He is believed to have started dating British-born Asma al-Akhras during this time . But Bashar was called back to Syria in 1994 when Basil died in a car wreck . This turn of events made him first in line to rule Syria , and he was appointed president by Syria 's rubber-stamp Parliament in 2000 after his father died . Before 2000 ended , he and Asma were married . They have three children . Steps toward change ? Shortly after the Arab Spring started in early 2011 , al-Assad made apparent moves toward change in Syria . Initially , protesters wanted basic reforms , more freedoms , a multiparty political system and an end to emergency law . Some of these measures were , on paper , implemented by al-Assad , but they were far too little and , by the time they came about , too late . In a speech in January 2013 , al-Assad laid out his latest solution to the ongoing crisis in Syria . He said he wanted to foster national dialogue and proposed a new constitution that would be put up for a public referendum . He also said he would not negotiate with terrorists and asked regional governments to stop supporting them . Months later , though , any chance of finding a political solution seems as remote as ever . A date has yet to be agreed for a second international meeting on Syria in Geneva , Switzerland , initially proposed for June . After more than two years of violence and more than 100,000 deaths , many opposition supporters have lost any faith they ever had in al-Assad 's ability to deliver reform , and simply want an end to his rule and true democratic elections . But the president 's days at the helm may be far from over .	Bashar al-Assad has been president of Syria since 2000 He has faced calls from many inside and outside Syria to resign "  I was made in Syria and to live and die in Syria , " he said last year Al-Assad is a "  master of deception " says one analyst
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece 's Parliament has approved a key law needed to implement a five-year austerity package that was approved by lawmakers a day earlier . Lawmakers voted 155-136 in favor of the measure , with five voting "  present " in the 300-seat house . The package had been demanded by international lenders -- and its passage should clear the way for an emergency loan to Athens . But Greece has seen weeks of sometimes violent public protests against the austerity plan , which follows a series of cuts agreed to last year . European Commission head Jose Barroso and European Union President Herman van Rompuy said they strongly welcomed Thursday 's vote . "  This was the second , decisive step Greece needed to take in order to return to a sustainable path , " they said in a joint statement from Brussels . "  In very difficult circumstances , it was another act of national responsibility . " They said the conditions "  are now in place " for a decision on the release of a fifth round of emergency funds to Greece , part of a multi-billion euro deal agreed last year , and for "  rapid progress " on a second proposed bailout . Following the vote , the Greek civil servants ' union ADEDY called another rally outside Parliament for Thursday evening . Before Wednesday 's vote , small numbers of demonstrators hurled stones at police , chanted , waved Greek flags and set small fires to protest the austerity measures , which include new taxes and job cuts . At least 19 police officers were injured Wednesday , police said . European and international lenders agreed last year to give Greece a $ 156 billion bailout package as its deficit soared , but were threatening to hold up an installment of $ 17 billion due soon . Greece has debt payments coming due in mid-July and needs the $ 17 billion in emergency funds to be able to pay them -- but lenders , including the International Monetary Fund and the EU , had demanded that it approve the austerity measures in order to get the loan . A default by Greece would send shock waves through the European banking sector and potentially dent global economic confidence . German Chancellor Angela Merkel called Wednesday 's passage of the austerity measures "  really good news , " German government spokesman Steffen Seibert said on Twitter . Eurogroup chairman Jean-Claude Juncker also welcomed the news , saying : "  I 'm very happy and relieved that the Greek Parliament followed the government and voted in favour of a new program of structural reforms and budgetary adjustment . " Unions oppose the austerity package , but its backers say it is essential to the stability of the Greek economy , the euro , and the global financial system . Protesters lament that the cuts are being carried out on the backs of those who can afford it least . CNN 's Elinda Labropoulou , Diana Magnay , Frederik Pleitgen and Eve Parish contributed to this report .	NEW : EU leaders welcome the passage of a law to implement a new austerity package NEW : Civil servants ' union calls a protest rally outside Parliament for Thursday evening Passage of the measures should clear the way for Greece to get an emergency loan It needs the $ 17 billion in bailout funds to meet debt payments due mid-July
CNN  -- Ted Ligety and Mikaela Shiffrin continued to bask in the golden glow of Olympic triumph as the American pair recorded impressive World Cup victories Saturday in their specialist disciplines . Ligety , who topped the giant slalom podium in Sochi , recorded his sixth victory at Kranjska Gora in Slovenia , the first man in World Cup history to achieve that feat at the same venue in the same discipline . The 18-year-old Shiffrin made it four World Cup wins in slalom this season with a dominant victory at Are in Sweden . It wrapped up the overall slalom title for Shiffrin , who becomes the first woman to win eight World Cup races before the age of 19 . She held off a trio of Swedes , Maria Pietilae-Holmner , Anna Swenn-Larsson and Frida Hansdotter over the two runs . "  The second run was difficult but I was lucky to start when the sun came out and to have a better visibility . Anna and Maria had an amazing second run too , so that inspired me to go fast , " she told the official FIS website . Ligety also had to protect a big lead from the first leg and came under pressure from Austrian veteran Benjamin Raich and Henrik Kristoffersen of Norway , who finished 0.18 and 0.25 seconds behind in second and third . "  This is definitely a really cool hill . It has so much personality and it 's really a fun hill to ski . It has the steep parts . It has some rolls . It has a little bit of a gliding section . So it 's a true GS skier 's hill , " the 29-year-old Ligety said . Marcel Hirscher of Austria claimed fourth spot to maintain his 50-point lead over Ligety in the discipline 's overall standings ahead of the World Cup finals in Lenzerheide next weekend . "  I 'm just skiing race to race and wins are always important even if they do n't go for the title , " Ligety said . Defending champion Hirscher has also closed to 41 points behind Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway in the race for the overall title heading into the final round of racing .	Ted Ligety wins World Cup giant slalom at Kranjska Gora Record sixth win in same discipline at same venue Mikaela Shiffrin takes slalom event in Sweden Wraps up World Cup title in slalom discipline
Washington  CNN  -- First the Obama administration and the intelligence community said there was no program gathering Americans ' data . Then they said the government was only gathering focused bits of data and only on foreign targets . Then they admitted intelligence operatives were gathering large amounts of data but not accessing it unless a court first gave the OK . Now it appears there are thousands of times each year when the data of Americans not suspected of having anything to do with terrorism are gathered . "  Can you understand , though , why some people might not trust what you 're saying right now about wanting ... , " a reporter asked President Barack Obama last week at a White House news conference . "  No , I ca n't , " Obama said . Americans would be comfortable with the programs , he argued , if they knew everything about them . Fact-checking Obama on Snowden "  I am comfortable that the program currently is not being abused , " the president said . "  I 'm comfortable that if the American people examined exactly what was taking place , how it was being used , what the safeguards were , that they would say , ` You know what ? These folks are following the law and doing what they say they 're doing . ' " But the public has learned about the National Security Agency programs in such a way that every time a new revelation is served up , it undercuts what the president or the major players in the intelligence committee just said . Here are the most glaring examples : 1 . Obama : Programs not being abused The president tried to assuage concerns about the programs during his August 9 news conference . He said he had ordered a new review of the programs , even as he suggested Americans would be better off if NSA leaker Edward Snowden had never let the world know about them . The important thing , he argued , is for Americans to be able to trust their government is n't abusing the information it is collecting . "  What you 're not reading about is the government actually abusing these programs and listening in on people 's phone calls or inappropriately reading people 's e-mails . What you 're hearing about is the prospect that these could be abused , " he said , adding that the special Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court was guarding against those abuses . Less than a week later , The Washington Post published a blockbuster report based on more documents provided by Snowden under the headline , "  NSA often breaks privacy rules . " The documents given by Snowden to the Post suggest thousands of accidental and some intentional infractions . The head of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court took the unprecedented step of issuing a public statement that his barebones staff can only oversee what NSA provides to it . And the Senate Intelligence Committee , one of the main overseers of the NSA in Congress , was not made aware of the internal review by the NSA -- staffers learned of the review of privacy infractions when the Post contacted them , according to the newspaper . Lawmakers pledge hearings oversight after NSA broke privacy rules The NSA argued in a response that the infractions represent only a small fraction of the calls and data it is sifting through and they are incidental to the overall mission of preventing terrorism . Obama also noted at his news conference that a review of the programs was already under way and that Americans learning about the NSA 's gathering of their data should n't have come through leaks . Obama takes questions from press 2 . Obama : The programs are transparent During a combative June 16 interview with Charlie Rose , Obama dodged a question about how often the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court denies NSA requests to subpoena and analyze the data that it collects . Rose asked if the program should be in some way transparent . "  It is transparent , " Obama said . "  That 's why we set up the FISA court . " According to Thursday 's Washington Post report , the court is not given all the information about every request for surveillance . And Obama has admitted that the programs needs review to assure Americans they are not violating civil liberties . Obama says NSA programs are transparent 3 . Clapper : U.S. not gathering Americans ' info The most obvious misstatement came from Director of National Intelligence James Clapper when he told Sen. Ron Wyden at a March congressional hearing that the government is n't gathering information on Americans . Wyden , who has been a critic of the programs behind closed doors , was trying to get Clapper on the record . Wyden asked Clapper whether the NSA collected "  any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans ? " Clapper answered , "  No , sir . " Wyden : "  It does not ? " Clapper : "  Not wittingly . There are cases where they could inadvertently perhaps collect but not wittingly . " The nation 's top spy later had to apologize in a letter to the Intelligence Committee . He admitted what he said was "  erroneous . " He told NBC that what he said was the "  least untruthful " answer . Clapper admits error in testimony , apologizes 4 . Alexander : NSA does n't have capability to ` flip the switch ' In testimony to a House committee on June 18 , Gen. Keith Alexander , the head of the NSA , had the following exchange with Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and a supporter of the data mining programs : Rep. Mike Rogers : "  Does the NSA have the ability to listen to Americans ' phone calls or read their e-mails under these two programs ? " Gen. Keith Alexander : "  No , we do not have that authority , " Rogers : "  Does the technology exist at the NSA to flip a switch by some analyst to listen to Americans ' phone calls or read their e-mails ? " Alexander : "  No . " Rogers : "  So the technology does not exist for any individual or group of individuals at the NSA to flip a switch to listen to Americans ' phone calls or read their e-mails ? " he repeated . Alexander : "  That is correct . " It has since become clear through subsequent leaks that the government does have temporary access to large amounts of the phone calls and e-mails sent in the United States . But the distinction that allowed Alexander to answer "  no " is that analysts are supposed to obtain the OK from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court before doing so . That 's perhaps why he said they lacked the "  authority . " Subsequent leaks in July about a program called XKeyscore printed in the UK 's Guardian newspaper and in The New York Times suggested that the NSA collects nearly every phone call and e-mail . The idea is that the intelligence community is collecting the entire "  haystack " of information that it can sift through later when it has some idea what needle it needs to find . Even if the analysts need court approval , the newer disclosures suggest the NSA has access to the content of communications , at least for a time . Documents shed light on U.S. surveillance programs New Snowden leak : NSA program taps all you do online 5 . Alexander : 50 plots thwarted Alexander also argued several times before Congress that information "  gathered from these programs provided government with critical leads to prevent over 50 potential terrorist events in more than 20 countries around the world . " But details of these plots have not been shared publicly . Lawmakers who have been briefed on the plots have expressed skepticism . At a July 31 hearing , Sen. Patrick Leahy said by his estimation the NSA 's data showed the data collection had not foiled "  dozens or even several terrorist plots . " Officials cite thwarted terror plots , oversight in defending surveillance	New report raises more concerns over NSA surveillance programs Obama : Americans would be comfortable with programs if they knew all about them Obama says programs not being abused ; later report says NSA often breaks privacy rules Court overseeing programs reportedly does n't see all documents
The Obama administration will give more time to people who try to apply for health insurance coverage through the federal marketplace by Monday but encounter difficulty , administration officials said Tuesday evening . Monday is the deadline for people to enroll in order to have coverage for this year or face penalties under the Affordable Care Act . "  Open enrollment ends March 31 . We are experiencing a surge in demand and are making sure that we will be ready to help consumers who may be in line by the deadline to complete enrollment -- either online or over the phone , " said Joanne Peters , a spokeswoman for the Department of Health and Human Services . Administration officials said this move , similar to the one in December for the large number of people who were trying to sign up by January 1 , will accommodate people who face special circumstances or complex cases and need extra time to complete their enrollment . The officials said those who fall in this category will have to attest to their circumstances as part of the application process . They refused to say how much more time these people will get to finish enrollment and still qualify for coverage this year . The Affordable Care Act wants you The Washington Post , which first reported the enactment of the new flexibility , said applicants would have until mid-April . Specific details could be released as early as Wednesday . CNN last week reported the administration was considering this action . In an answer to a question from CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta on Friday , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney indicated the administration would allow some flexibility for those who encountered problems meeting Monday 's deadline . "  As was the case for the December deadline , we 're going to want to make sure that people who are already in line can finish their enrollment , " Carney said . Insurance industry sources did not want to comment in detail until they knew of the specifics but said anytime changes are made , it complicates their work and will require manual workarounds to help complete applications . They said so long as the time period is limited , they can accept it . Republicans Tuesday evening criticized the move by the administration . "  Another day , another Obamacare delay from the same Obama administration that wo n't work with Republicans to help Americans suffering from the unintended consequences of the Democrats ' failed health care law , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement . The White House is trying to meet a goal of enrolling 6 million people . As of mid-March , 5 million had enrolled . The administration has been engaged in an exhaustive effort to not only enroll as many people as possible but also to increase the percentage of young adults who apply to help balance the makeup of those insured . The administration said it has recently seen a major increase in traffic to HeatlhCare.gov . On Monday the site logged 1.1 million visitors , its second-busiest traffic day . Opinion : Blindsided by the realities of Obamacare	People who have difficulty signing up for Obamacare to get extra time , officials say Surge in enrollment expected at last minute before Monday deadline , official says "  Another day , another Obamacare delay , " says chairman of GOP national committee
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A nun has died after setting herself on fire in southwestern China , the first Tibetan woman known to have killed herself in this way , the London-based Free Tibet campaign group said Tuesday . According to the group , Tenzin Wangmo , 20 , called for religious freedom in Tibet and for the return of the Dalai Lama as she set fire to herself outside Dechen Chokorling Nunnery in Ngaba County , Sichuan Province on Monday . She died at the scene . The State Administration for Religious Affairs in Beijing told CNN they were not aware of the incident . Free Tibet , which advocates Tibetan independence , also reported that two Tibetans were shot and wounded on Sunday by security forces during a protest outside a police station in the prefecture of Ganzi . Tenzin is the ninth Tibetan -- all monks or former monks -- to commit self-immolation in protest against Chinese rule since March , the advocacy group said . Five have died . The last attempt took place on Saturday when a 19-year-old former monk from Kirti monastery in Aba , another ethnic Tibetan area in Sichuan province , set himself alight in the central market in Ngaba Town but survived . His whereabouts are unknown , according to Free Tibet . Activists say the disturbing acts reflect an increasingly repressive environment under Beijing 's control . "  Most Tibetans live in fear because of suppressive and unfair government policies but they dare not speak up , " prominent Tibetan writer and activist Tsering Woeser told CNN . "  Tibetan Buddhists ca n't use violence to protest , therefore they can only do violence to themselves , such as self-immolation , to make people pay attention to their situation . "  This is not suicide , this is sacrifice in order to draw the world 's attention . " Another incident in Aba in March , in which a monk died , sparked weeks of often violent confrontation between local monks and authorities . Security forces locked down the Kirti Monastery and eventually detained more than 300 monks , rights groups said at the time . When the United Nations working group on enforced disappearances expressed its concern to Beijing , Chinese officials called the organization 's perspective "  biased and unfair . " "  The relevant local authorities are conducting legal education for the Kirti Monastery monks to maintain religious order there -- there was no question of forced disappearances , " Hong Lei , a foreign ministry spokesman , said in June . China also rejects accusations of oppression of Tibetans , saying its rule has greatly improved living standards for the Tibetan people . The Dalai Lama 's representative signed an agreement with Beijing in 1951 to affirm China 's sovereignty over Tibet but also grant autonomy to the area . A failed uprising against Beijing 's rule in 1959 forced the Dalai Lama into exile . The Dalai Lama denies seeking independence for Tibet , saying he wants genuine autonomy , under which Tibetans can make their own policies on key issues , such as religious practices . In a 2008 uprising , violent unrest in Tibet and the subsequent military crackdown left at least 18 dead , and activists say tensions have remained high in many areas since then . CNN 's Xiaoni Chen contributed to this report .	Group : Tenzin Wangmo called for religious freedom in Tibet before setting herself alight Tenzin is the ninth Tibetan -- and first woman -- to commit self-immolation Free Tibet also reported that two Tibetans were shot and wounded during a protest Activists : Acts reflect an increasingly repressive environment under Beijing 's control
Chicago  CNN  -- Months after he was found guilty of murdering entertainer Jennifer Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew , William Balfour on Tuesday was handed down three consecutive life sentences without the possibility of parole plus 120 years , Penny Mateck of the Cook County Sheriff 's office said . "  This significant sentence is appropriate given the heinous and inhumane nature of these crimes which demanded the full force of justice , " Cook County State 's Attorney Anita Alvarez said in a statement . In May , a jury found Balfour guilty on three counts of first-degree murder and four other counts related to the 2008 deaths of Hudson 's mother , Darnell Donerson ; her brother , Jason Hudson ; and Hudson 's nephew , 7-year-old Julian King . Balfour was accused of fatally shooting the singer 's mother and brother in their Chicago home in October 2008 . The body of the nephew was found three days later in an abandoned vehicle . Prosecutors portrayed Balfour as a jealous man who murdered the three in a rage at the thought that his wife had a boyfriend . Balfour found guilty of murder in death of Jennifer Hudson 's kin During the trial , Hudson was called as the prosecution 's first of more than 80 witnesses . She broke down in tears several times on the stand and talked about her family . "  None of us wanted her to marry him , " Hudson said of her sister 's choice of Balfour . "  We did not like how he treated her . "  Where he was , I tried not to be , " she said . The crimes took place a year after Hudson , who rose to fame as a contestant on "  American Idol , " won an Oscar for her role in the movie "  Dreamgirls . " Hudson spoke about her mother in an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan this year . "  My mother was a very wise and strong person . I feel like she raised us well , and she prepared me well , and so that 's what I live by , " she said . More from CNN Justice Philly priest gets 3 to 6 years in abuse case Justice Department , New Orleans PD agree on overhaul Condemned Georgia inmate gets reprieve CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki and InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	William Balfour gets 3 life sentences without parole , plus 120 years The sentence is fitting given the "  inhumane nature " of the killings , prosecutor says Balfour was convicted of killing the entertainer 's mother , brother and 7-year-old nephew Prosecutors portrayed him as a jealous man who murdered the three in a rage
CNN  -- The virtual cathedral for one of America 's most revered cars will reluctantly fill a monster sinkhole that brought it both pain and gain . The National Corvette Museum in Bowling Green , Kentucky , also said Saturday it and Chevrolet will restore three of the eight vehicles that the 45-foot-wide hole swallowed in February , but will leave the remains of the five others -- too wrecked to fix -- on display . "  We really wanted to preserve a portion of the hole so that guests for years to come could see a little bit of what it was like , but after receiving more detailed pricing , the costs outweighs the benefit , " museum Executive Director Wendell Strode said . Why was the hole 's filling ever in doubt ? Visitor traffic since February jumped 70 % compared to the same period last year , as people lined up to see not only the brand 's past but also the newly mangled vehicles and gaping earth , museum spokeswoman Katie Frassinelli said . But the board learned that preserving part of the hole would cost $ 1 million more than it would to fill the whole thing . And the effort required to keep it safe -- eyesores like 35-foot retaining walls and steel beams -- made preservation even less appealing , Frassinelli said . "  That 's no longer a naturally occurring , interesting sinkhole , " she said . Frassinelli said the museum is n't revealing how much the renovation will cost . The project will start sometime after early November . The privately funded , not-for-profit attraction has gone from shock to proudly displaying its own spectacular damage in months . The ground opened at the museum 's Skydome section in the early morning of February 12 . Surveillance video showed the hole devouring some of the eight cars that it took down . The hole was measured at about 45 feet wide , 60 feet long and up to 30 feet deep . Western Kentucky is cave country , and it turned out a previously undetected cave was under the Skydome , Frassinelli said . Sinkholes pop up regularly in the area , sometimes caused by ground water eroding underground limestone over many years . After experts examined the cave and determined the rest of the facility was safe , the museum reopened -- and started letting visitors view the sinkhole behind plexiglass five days after the incident . By late April , visitors could walk into the Skydome and stand just feet from the hole 's edge . The museum also brought up the fallen cars -- some sliced or mashed -- and put them on display as mangled as they were found . But on Saturday the museum announced three cars would be restored , including a 2009 ZR1 prototype known as the Blue Devil , among GM 's fastest production cars . Also getting restored : the 1-millionth Corvette produced  a white 1992 convertible  , and a 1962 tuxedo black Corvette , which was the oldest to fall . The others were too damaged . But their remains will continued to be displayed -- eventually back in the Skydome , where an exhibit will be dedicated to the sinkhole , the museum said . General Motors will provide nearly $ 250,000 to help recovery efforts , the museum said . The damage got the attention of gearheads worldwide . Reports estimated the total value of the cars at more than $ 1 million . Experts call the Corvette the most collected car in America , and General Motors calls it the "  world 's longest-running , continuously produced passenger car . " Since the ` Vette 's 1953 debut , more than 1.5 million have rolled off Chevrolet assembly lines . The sleek silhouette has transformed into a pop culture icon across TV , films and advertising . Watch : How the museum has been showcasing the sinkhole CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	Museum in Kentucky wanted to preserve 40-foot-wide sinkhole , citing significance and appeal to visitors But preservation would be more expensive than filling it , board says Sinkhole swallowed eight Corvettes in February ; three are to be restored The other five , still damaged , will be displayed
CNN  -- Several children were among the victims when a mudslide sent a mass of tree and rock debris crashing into homes in Peru 's jungle Wednesday , killing at least 11 people . Ten more people are unaccounted for , according to the country 's state news agency . Heavy rains set off the natural disaster in the San Martin tropical forest in Peru 's northeast , which destroyed "  at least 10 houses and a pedestrian bridge , " Andina news agency reported . Six of the 11 bodies recovered so far appear to be children . Residents are working with civil defense officials and the military to find victims in the rubble , but the flooding of a local river is hindering their efforts . Peru 's government is sending humanitarian aid , including tents and sheets , the state news agency reported . India : Landslides kill 15 , trap others China : Bodies found after landslide buries school CNN 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report	A mudslide in Peru 's jungle kills 11 , mostly children Heavy rains triggered the disaster A flooded river is hindering rescue efforts
CNN  -- A Vietnamese woman caught cooking a tiger carcass was sentenced to two and a half years in jail , state media reported Thursday . There are reportedly only about 100 tigers , prized by so-called medicine men , left living in Vietnam . A Hanoi court convicted Nguyen Thi Thanh , 41 , for "  violating regulations protecting rare wild animals . " She was arrested last September after police raided a house that she rented in the capital city of Hanoi and found dead tigers , bear arms , monkey bones and elephant tusks . Officers found Thanh and three accomplices cooking tiger carcasses , the Thanh Nien daily reported . The three men received suspended sentences , ranging from 24 to 30 months , the daily said . The woman told police she sold the animals ' bone marrow for 6.5 million Vietnamese dong  $ 400  per gram to traditional medicine men , according to reports at the time . Such medicine men think tiger bones and other parts can cure arthritis and other joint ailments , according to the Humane Society of the United States . Tigers are universally threatened , with only about 100 still living in Vietnam , the World Wildlife Fund said . The southeast Asian country has banned trafficking in endangered animal parts . Last year , the Vietnamese government unearthed 38 cases of illegal trafficking that involved 503 endangered animals , local media said at the time . E-mail to a friend	Vietnamese woman caught cooking a tiger carcass jailed for two and a half years Nguyen Thi Thanh , 41 , convicted for violating regulations protecting rare wild animals Police found dead tigers , bear arms , monkey bones and elephant tusks in her flat
CNN  -- A Mexican man who was allegedly killed on orders from his own cartel believed they were hunting for him after he began working as an informant and was fearful for his life , according to court documents . Police say soldier Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , acted as the gunman . Jose Daniel Gonzalez Galeana began to worry after he began working as an informant for immigration officials in the United States . "  The victim was concerned for his own well-being and the safety of his family , " the documents said , referencing statements the victim made to a witness . When Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials gave Gonzalez a visa so he could live in El Paso , Texas , his fellow Juarez cartel members began to get suspicious , El Paso Police Chief Greg Allen said at a press conference . Allen said Gonzalez 's exit from Mexico , combined with a raid on a cartel warehouse and the arrest of cartel lieutenant Pedro "  El Tigre " Aranas Sanchez led cartel members to believe he might be working as an informant , Allen said . Then , a Mexican newspaper named Gonzalez as an informant in the arrest of the high-ranking cartel member , according to court documents . Police say Gonzales quickly became the target of his own cartel . Police said Gonzalez knew if his fellow cartel members found him , he would likely be killed , police said . On May 15 , the cartel found him . He was shot eight times outside his home in El Paso , Texas , police said . Pfc. Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , Ruben Rodriguez Dorado , 30 , and Christopher Andrew Duran , 17 , were each named as suspects Monday and each are facing one count of capital murder . The three men are being held on $ 1 million bond . Police said Apodaca was the shooter , Duran was the getaway car driver , and Rodriguez was the one who coordinated the murder . On Wednesday , police also arrested a 16-year-old who they said was involved in the surveillance and reconnaissance of the victim . The juvenile also faces one count of capital murder . Rodriguez and the victim were in the Juarez cartel , based across the border from El Paso , police spokesman Chris Mears said . He said police believe Apodaca and Duran were not cartel members . Apodaca joined the Army a year ago and worked as a crew member on a Patriot missile launcher , officials at Fort Bliss in El Paso said . "  He was in the top of his class , " said Dave Jackson , his grandfather . "  You talk to all his sergeants . He 's a good soldier . Now , before he went in -LSB- and joined the Army -RSB- , he was in , he was in with a bad crowd . " Investigators said at the press conference they think the three suspects met through a relative of Rodriguez . "  He -LSB- Rodriguez -RSB- was the older guy , he provided the alcohol , the party locations , " police Lt. Alfred Lowe said . "  And he recruited these people to do his bidding . " Once the three men were allegedly hired , they were "  told to find the victim in the United States , " Allen said . Rodriguez paid the victim 's cell phone bill hoping he would be able to learn where he lived , federal officials learned , according to court documents . Federal law enforcement was apparently concerned enough about the incident that officers told local law enforcement to signal Gonzalez 's home could be at risk . Hours before the slaying , police said Rodriguez called a tactical supply store that exclusively sells the same brand of ammunition found at the scene . The suspects found Gonzalez at a relative 's home in Canutillo , Texas , and followed him back to his home before shooting him , police said . The three arrested men 's phone records showed their approximate locations on the night of the killing and corroborated that the suspects were tracking the victim , according to court documents . During an interrogation , Rodriguez told investigators he ordered Gonzalez 's execution , police said . But Allen also said during the press conference that Rodriguez planned the killing and hired the other suspects after he was given the order by cartel lieutenant Jesus Aguayo Salas . Police said there was also a warrant out for his arrest . Rodriguez told police he paid the participants for their role in the killing , the affidavit said . It said he also noted that he was a midlevel member of the cartel , which he called the "  Compania , " and said he was in charge of coordinating surveillance for the cartel , "  following intended victims up until their execution . " Duran and Rodriguez told police that Apodaca was paid to be the shooter and Duran to drive the getaway car , according to the affidavit . Allen said both men were each paid "  quite a robust amount of money ... under $ 10,000 , in that area . " Police said more arrests could still come in the case . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Tracy Sabo , Mallory Simon and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Police say victim believed if cartel found him , he would be killed Documents : Suspect tried to find victim by paying his phone bill Soldier Michael Jackson Apodaca , 18 , was one of three men arrested Monday Other suspects include Ruben Rodriguez Dorado and Christopher Andrew Duran
CNN  -- Researchers have solved the first step in treating the common cold , by mapping its entire genome , or genetic map , teams from the University of Maryland and the University of Wisconsin-Madison reported Thursday . The common cold , also known as the human rhinovirus infection "  We have the pieces all in place . They ca n't go in any other way . Now we have to understand what the pictures are telling us , " said Dr. Stephen B. Liggett , professor of medicine and physiology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine and director of its Cardiopulmonary Genomics Program . The research was published in the online edition of the journal Science on Thursday afternoon . Technically known as the human rhinovirus infection , the common cold is responsible for half of all asthma attacks and is a factor in bronchitis , sinusitis , middle-ear infections and pneumonia . The coughs , sneezes and sniffles of colds impose a major health care burden in the United States -- including visits to health care providers , cost of over-the-counter drugs for symptom relief , often-inappropriate antibiotic prescriptions and missed work days -- with direct and indirect costs of about $ 60 billion annually . How mapping the cold genome may lead to a cure " "  We generally think of colds as a nuisance , but they can be debilitating in the very young and in older individuals and can trigger asthma attacks at any age , " Liggett said . "  Also , recent studies indicate that early ... infection in children can program their immune system to develop asthma by adolescence . " Finding a cure for the common cold has been elusive . That 's because the rhinovirus is so complex . Made up of at least 99 different strains , it can infect different people with different symptoms . Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living . By mapping the genome of the common cold and assembling the results into a "  family tree , " scientists can see how the virus strains are related , as well as their differences . Liggett , who is also the study 's senior author , says this is a breakthrough in solving the common cold puzzle because . "  At least now we have an understanding of which virus one might have . " Now that the pieces are together , drug companies can work on developing new treatments that would either halt or prevent the cold virus before it begins to spread . Researchers found that human rhinoviruses are organized into about 15 small groups . So the idea of one drug fits all probably wo n't work , Liggett says . "  Our mindset right now is to consider more along the antiviral treatment , rather than vaccines , but always keep an open mind to the new technology of vaccine development . " Investigators are so optimistic with their findings that they predict the development of new drugs within the next two to five years , depending on Food and Drug Administration approval , which could mean one day soon , runny noses caused by colds may be a thing of the past .	Scientists map entire cold virus for first time Could be a step toward finding a cure , researchers say Colds result in direct and indirect costs of about $ 60 billion annually in the U.S.
CNN  -- Lawyers for two jailed members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot have asked for the women to be allowed to do community service instead of serving the remainder of their prison sentence , state media said Friday . Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina were sentenced to two years in prison for hooliganism after a trial in August 2012 . The community service could include working for a charity or the media , official news agency Itar-Tass cited attorney Irina Khrunova as saying . The two women , who have been in prison since March 2012 , are due for release in March , state-run RIA Novosti news agency said . Both have had requests for bail denied in recent months , the news agency said . The two women were tried last year along with a third member of the band for performing a song critical of then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in an Orthodox cathedral . Video footage of their "  punk prayer " was posted online . Yekaterina Samutsevich , the third member of the band , was sentenced at the same time as the others but was freed from prison in October after her defense presented new evidence . OPINION : Pussy Riot and Russia 's surreal ` justice '	State media : Lawyers for two members of Pussy Riot ask for them to do community service Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , Maria Alyokhina sentenced in August 2012 to 2 years in prison Convicted of hooliganism for performing song critical Vladimir Putin in cathedral Both have had requests for bail denied in recent months , state media report
CNN  -- The leader of a religious group that authorities believe preys on children was released from a Pennsylvania prison Friday but wo n't be required to register as a sex offender , triggering outrage in the community where he plans to live . George Feigley , who was released from prison Friday , is the subject of community protests . George Feigley , now 68 , was convicted in 1975 on charges including statutory rape , indecent assault and corrupting the morals of minors . Because Feigley 's 1975 conviction predated the passage of Megan 's Law , he will not be required to register as a sex offender . And , having served his maximum sentence , he was not put on parole upon his release . Feigley 's Neo American Church , which authorities have called a sex cult , operated a school in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , that police said was a front for sexual activity . The church 's manifesto says , "  We hold that the changes called creation and procreation are divine and that human sexuality is to humans the most available expression of that function of divinity , " according to community activist Scott Portzline , who has researched Feigley 's history and that of the group . "  Sexual activity is the greatest act a human can do . " Court documents filed in connection with Feigley 's criminal case alleged a less lofty goal . "  The defendants ' design was to operate a ` church oriented ' school , which is free of any governmental regulation , for the ostensible purpose of education when their real goal was to gratify their own deviant sexual desires , " the documents stated . One of Feigley 's victims , identified only as "  J , " told the Harrisburg Patriot-News she was part of the organization from the ages of 5 through 12 , when her mother left the Neo American Church . Children were beaten for letting anyone but fellow cult members see them , she said , and their genitals were pierced with a lock to be controlled by Feigley , who called himself "  The Light of the World . " Children also were photographed in graphic sexual poses , she said . Feigley is "  not a man who should be out with society , " J said . "  He preys on -- at least he did -- the people who believed in him . " And , community members say , there will be no protections in place to stop him from continuing to do so . Watch why the case inflames emotions " Feigley was convicted of additional conspiracy charges in 1995 . Authorities said he was attempting to direct sexual activity involving children by telephone from prison . However , conspiracy charges do not require listing on a sex offender registry . Feigley "  never admitted what he did was wrong , " said John Goshert of the Dauphin County district attorney 's office , who interviewed him last week as part of a pre-release program . Protests took place Friday in front of Feigley 's Harrisburg home and the church headquarters . His wife , Sandra , still lives in the home . She was convicted in 1975 on one count of corrupting the morals of minors . She served a brief prison sentence , according to the Patriot-News . Sandra Feigley now operates a Web site ostensibly aimed at benefiting state , local and federal prison inmates . The site has a lengthy section with articles discussing sex in prison and elsewhere . Some of them are written by George Feigley , using his own name and some of his aliases . "  Thanks to the Christian crazies who were and are so influential in this country , America has criminalized more sexual conduct than any other Western nation , " says an article on the site , which does not name an author . "  It 's a neurosis . As a result , there are a lot of ` sexual offenses . ' " Another article bearing George Feigley 's alias of G.G. Stoctay , Ph.D. , and included in Portzline 's research says , "  There is nothing injurious to sexuality . It 's good and pleasant , not an evil . Children exposed to it are simply not injured . " Angel Fox , who will be Feigley 's next-door neighbor , helped organize Friday 's protest and is circulating a petition to prevent his return to the neighborhood , according to the Patriot-News . "  I mean , what happens when I 'm not at home ? " she asked . "  Do I have to worry about what 's happening with my kids ? I have to try to do something . " The community is "  outraged , " said Annette Antoun , publisher of a weekly newspaper . She said authorities are looking into whether Feigley would be required to register under a federal statute . And , she said , if there is a loophole in the law , legislators are starting to work on ways to close it . She said she has spoken to Feigley 's victims , and "  they have scars they say will never go away . ... They 're frightened . " In 1976 , Feigley escaped from a Pennsylvania prison . He was captured two years later in West Virginia but escaped again from a local jail and was recaptured by the FBI . In 1983 , two members of the Neo American Church drowned in what authorities believe was an attempt to break Feigley out of prison . Laura Seligman and James Gilbert drowned in the sewer line outside the prison where Feigley was being held . The two had crawled a mile and a half through the line , according to Portzline . A rainstorm caused an overflow gate to open , flooding the line . CNN 's Aurore Ankarcrona contributed to this report .	Feigley was convicted before passage of Megan 's Law Because he served a full prison term , he was n't put on parole Protests held at church and Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , home of Feigley 's wife Prosecutor says Feigley never acknowledged wrongdoing
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Perhaps he should be called Captain Phoenix ? Captain America will return in a new comic book series July 1 . Its title : "  Captain America Reborn . " Rising from the dead after being killed off over two years ago , Captain America is being resurrected by Marvel Comics . Though the circumstances of his return are being closely shielded , the star-spangled superhero returns July 1 in a five-comic-book series , "  Captain America Reborn . " A big-budget movie in development by Marvel is also expected in 2011 . After close to 60 years in print , Marvel Comics killed off Steve Rogers , aka Captain America , in 2007 , one of its most famous and beloved superheroes , amid a controversial story line . He fought and triumphed over Hitler , Tojo , international Communism and a host of super-villains , but a sniper 's bullet cut Captain America down in 2007 , a move that shocked many of his fans . "  The reaction was amazing , " says Marvel Executive Editor Tom Brevoort . "  It certainly was like the world went crazy for three days . Everybody had a point of view about it , including fans who had n't read the comic for 30 years . " In the comic series , Rogers was to stand trial for defying a superhero registration law passed after a hero 's tragic mistake causes a 9/11-like event . Marvel said the comic story line was intentionally written as an allegory to current real-life issues like the Patriot Act , the war on terror and September 11 . Rogers eventually surrenders to police . He is later mortally wounded as he climbs the courthouse steps . It was a violent and strange end for an American hero and icon . The primary shooter , Crossbones -- working under the orders of Captain America 's longtime nemesis , the Red Skull -- was caught . The identity of a second shooter is revealed in issue 600 , which goes on sale Monday . Many felt Captain America 's death in 2007 was symbolic of the time . And his return now ? "  The tenor of the world now is when we 're at a point where we want to believe in heroes . Someone who can lead the way , " said Brevoort . "  It just feels like the right time . " Captain America first appeared in 1941 , just as the United States entered World War II . He was a symbol of American strength and resolve in fighting the Axis powers . As originally conceived by creators Joe Simon and Jack Kirby , Rogers was born before the Great Depression in a very different America . He disappeared after the war and only reappeared recently in the Marvel timeline . Keeping superheroes dead and buried does not come easy . Even Superman , who was killed off by DC Comics in 1993 , came back to life a year later . And what of Captain America 's sidekick , Bucky Barnes ? After taking up the shield and mission of Captain America for the past year , it 'll be time to relinquish the mantle . Is there room for two sentinels of liberty ? Stay tuned . Glenn Perreia contributed to this report .	Captain America being resurrected ; superhero was killed off over two years ago Recent issues of Marvel comics shed light on plot behind superhero 's death "  It just feels like the right time , " says Marvel Comics editor
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria has set its sights on making multibillion-dollar oil deals with China amid peace moves with militants . Hundreds of militants have laid down their weapons in exchange for a pardon and a job . Lawmakers in the west African country -- one of the world 's top producers of oil -- are crafting new money-making changes for its state oil corporation , as officials negotiate multibillion-dollar oil deals with China . At the same time , the government is brokering peace with bandits whose attacks have cost the oil industry millions . Nigeria 's minister for state of petroleum , Odein Ajumogobia , talked this month about the developments . The changes aimed at the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation will address allegations of corruption and mismanagement , he said . "  Some of the excesses we 've seen in the industry are as a result of the lack of regulation , " Ajumogobia said . "  We are going to make sure that the petroleum directorate , for example , where the minister will reside , is going to be manned by professionals who understand the industry and have the experience . " Nigeria welcomes China 's recent interest in investing in Nigeria 's oil industry , Ajumogobia added . The state-run China Daily reported in September that the China National Offshore Oil Corporation was negotiating with Nigeria over a $ 30 billion oil deal . The talks are part of China 's oil-buying binge this year . Its government-controlled oil companies have closed or floated a slew of deals all over the world , including billion-dollar deals with Russian oil company Rosneft and Brazil 's Petrobras . The Nigerian minister offered few details about negotiations with China . "  There is no deal yet , " he said . "  We all know the appetite of the Chinese for energy -- a huge population and so on -- and they 're looking for oil and Nigeria has a lot of it . " Oil bandits have plagued Nigeria for years , attacking pipelines and cutting production by over 1 million barrels of oil a day . But many of those attacks might end , thanks to a cease-fire with the militant group MEND , or the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta . The truce was negotiated in the summer and was extended in September . MEND has demanded a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta and wants oil revenue reinvested in the region , instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . Last week , the group said it was calling off the truce , but there have not been renewed attacks . Nigeria hopes to leverage the fragile peace to reap big dollars from its oil industry , Ajumogobia said .	Nigeria aims to make huge oil deals with China and peace with militants Government brokers peace with bandits whose attacks cost oil industry millions Chinese oil company negotiating with Nigeria over $ 30 billion oil deal , reports say
CNN  -- The estranged wife of banned Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling says she supports the decision by the National Basketball Association and the team to work together to find the franchise a new chief executive officer . Shelly Sterling , a co-owner of the Clippers , said she spoke with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver to tell him she supported his decision to fine her husband $ 2.5 million and ban him for life after racist remarks by Donald Sterling became public . "  We also agreed at that time that , as a next step , both the league and the team should work together to find some fresh , accomplished executive leadership for the Clippers , " Shelly Sterling said in a written statement Saturday . Her statement did n't mention the potential sale of the team , which Silver has said he will press the other 29 ownership groups to mandate through a vote . The league said in a news release that now that Donald Sterling is banned from team operations , it is best that the league step in temporarily . "  The best way to ensure the stability of the team during this difficult situation is to move quickly and install a CEO to oversee the Clippers organization , " NBA Executive Vice President Mike Bass said in a statement . "  The process of identifying that individual is under way . " While the team has been distracted off the court , it has continued winning on it . The Clippers defeated the Golden State Warriors 126-121 Saturday to win its first-round series in the NBA playoffs . The Clippers will face the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday in the Western Conference semifinals . NBA to name new CEO for the Clippers V. Stiviano speaks After dodging the media for days , the woman who recorded Donald Sterling making the racist remarks urged him to apologize . In an exclusive interview with ABC 's Barbara Walters on Friday , V. Stiviano said Sterling is hurting after the scandal that turned him into a sports pariah . "  I think he feels very alone . Not truly supported by those around him , " Stiviano , 31 , said . "  Tormented . Emotionally traumatized . " But , she told Walters , this is not the first time they 've discussed race . "  There 's been a number of occasions where Mr. Sterling and I had conversations just like this one , " she said . "  Part of what the world heard was only 15 minutes . There 's a number of other hours that the world does n't know . " One recording of Sterling 's conversation released last month triggered a firestorm that led to his ban and league-record fine . In the audio , the billionaire tells Stiviano not to "  promote " her relationship with black people or bring them to games after she posted a picture on social media with NBA legend Magic Johnson . Stiviano said Sterling should apologize for the comments and has discussed it with him . "  God only knows , " she said when asked if he will apologize . Stiviano 's attorney has said she did not leak the audio tape . Shelly Sterling is suing Stiviano , saying the woman received cash and property purchased with the couple 's money . Stiviano says the items were gifts . On Friday , Donald Sterling was quoted on DuJour.com as saying "  I wish I had just paid her off " in reference to Stiviano . The site , which specified that Sterling was referring to Stiviano in a discussion with one of its writers , did n't state when the remark was made . Donald Sterling 's fall Other NBA owners , players and sports commentators called for swift , firm punishment after TMZ posted the audio featuring the racist comments purportedly made on April 9 . Silver heeded their call , issuing sweeping sanctions against Donald Sterling on Tuesday . Under the lifetime ban , Sterling is prohibited from NBA games or practices , stepping foot inside any Clippers facility , taking part in business or personnel decisions or having a role in league activities such as attending NBA Board of Governors meetings . If Sterling does sell the team , he 'd profit considerably . He bought the Clippers for $ 12 million in 1981 , and the team is now worth $ 575 million , according to Forbes magazine . CNN 's Faith Karimi , Joe Sutton and Ralph Ellis contributed to this story .	Donald Sterling has been banned from Clippers ' team operations His wife is a co-owner in the team , which was bought in 1981 She said the team will help the league find a "  fresh , accomplished " new leader NBA also wants Donald Sterling to be forced to sell now successful team
Washington  CNN  -- Monkeys on cocaine . New windows for a closed visitor 's center . Modern dance as a tool for software development . A report released Tuesday by conservative Sens. Tom Coburn and John McCain cited these and 97 other projects as leading examples of misguided or wasteful spending under the Obama administration 's $ 862 billion economic stimulus bill . Titled "  Summertime Blues , " the report is the third by the two senators targeting projects that they say fail to meet the job-creation goal of spending under the Recovery Act of 2009 . The report highlights the extraordinary "  waste and mismanagement " of taxpayer dollars , said McCain , R-Arizona . The stimulus plan "  was supposed to create jobs . It does not . " The "  American people have awakened to the incompetency of Washington , " declared Coburn , R-Oklahoma . "  The rest of the federal government is filled with stuff just like this . " Both senators conceded that the stimulus plan has had some positive effect on the economy , but insisted any benefit was due solely to the sheer size of the package , and that its effectiveness had been blunted due its poor design and spending choices . Coburn complained the measure was full of projects that are "  stupid or inappropriate , " and fail to meet "  the common sense test . " The plan failed to give "  us the biggest bang for our buck , " he asserted . The Recovery Act , which was passed a few weeks after President Barack Obama took office , was a government-funded effort to kick-start economic activity in response to the ongoing recession . It called for "  shovel-ready " jobs -- from road and bridge repair and construction to scientific research and expanded broadband and wireless service -- through federal contracts , grants and loans , as well as helping state and local governments avoid layoffs and funding tax cuts . The senators ' report challenged the viability or effectiveness of specific projects across the country . However , the report 's use of selected information from hundreds of footnoted sources left it unclear if the brief summaries of each project told the whole story . In a previous report last January , the senators included the Napa Valley Wine Train as an example of wasteful stimulus spending without mentioning that the money was for a flood control project along the train 's route , rather than the train itself . The latest edition covered a broad range of projects including construction , research , development and conservation . Topping the list was $ 554,763 spent for new windows at the Coldwater Ridge Visitor Center at Mount St. Helens in Washington state . The U.S. Forest Service facility opened in 1993 at a cost of $ 11.5 million to provide visitors with panoramic views of the scenic volcano . However , it closed in 2007 due to staffing shortages , and now is getting the stimulus funds to replace its trademark windows in preparation for use for another purpose , according to information provided by the Forest Service . "  One government official likened it to ` keeping a vacant house in good repair , ' while another official noted that there is hope to find some purpose for the building in the future , whether as a hotel , science camp or restaurant , " the report said , attributing the information to a July 2009 article on tdn.com , a local news website . "  Despite those efforts , there are no plans to use the empty space . " The Forest Service information provided no timetable for the possible reopening of the visitors ' center for another purpose . "  The Forest Service is now reviewing several proposals for how the facility could be used in the future through a variety of public-private partnerships , including a science facility , education camp , or an overnight lodge , " the Forest Service document said . Ranked second on the senators ' list was a University of North Carolina at Charlotte project that received $ 762,372 in stimulus finds to develop a computerized choreography program , the report said . Quoting a July 6 story posted on the Charlotte-based news website WCNC.com , the report said the project involves recording dancers on video , then logging and analyzing their movements . "  This will allow choreographers to explore the interactive dance without always having a full cast of dancers present , " said the grant posted on the government 's stimulus bill website , recovery.gov . "  The system will be extended into a Web-based ` Dance Tube ' application that will allow the public to engage in interactive dance choreography , " the grant goes on to say . However , the senators ' report initially failed to state the money was spread over three years . Again citing the WCNC.com story , it also initially said lead researcher Celine Latulipe "  noted that her funding was severely restricted by the fact that the university is taking a 44 percent cut to cover ` overhead ' expenses . " In reality the website story said : "  The money is spread over three years and Latulipe points out the university takes 44 percent overhead . " After the discrepancy was pointed out by CNN , the report was changed , an aide to Coburn said . In an interview with CNN , Latulipe said the project fit the kind of research and development work called for by the Recovery Act . Through its application and further development , it could lead to audiences having an impact on performance by registering their reaction through handheld audience response devices , Latulipe said . "  We 'll need to develop a bunch of different software packages that never existed before , " she said , adding that project employs three students part-time over its three-year span and pays for dancers and other participants in what amounts to direct economic activity . "  I think it 's sad that this research money that is really allowing innovation and funding students doing great research is being used as a political tool , " Latulipe said . Then there is the project listed at No. 28 by the senators -- $ 71,623 to researchers at Wake Forest University to see how monkeys react under the effects of cocaine . Titled "  Effect of Cocaine Self-Administration on Metabotropic Glutamate Systems , " the project calls for monkeys to self-administer drugs while researchers monitor and study their glutamate levels , the report said . It cited a March 8 Raleigh News and Observer article that quoted Wake Forest University School of Medicine spokesman Mark Wright as saying the stimulus money would allow the university to continue a job that otherwise might have been cut . Paula Faria , assistant vice president for media relations at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center , said the grant will "  have significant impact on public health in regards to cocaine addiction and the issue of relapse . " "  It 's also important to note that the applications for these grants are peer reviewed and this study was deemed of merit by a panel of scientific experts , and then reviewed by the National Advisory Council on Drug Abuse before funds were awarded , " Faria said in a statement to CNN . Liz Oxhorn , the White House spokesperson for the Recovery Act , called the senators ' report a partisan effort intended to undermine the overall success of the Recovery Act . According to Oxhorn , new research shows stimulus money is responsible for nearly 3 million jobs and has lowered unemployment by 1.5 percent . "  We 'll look into each of their claims and take action if any have merit , but with more than 70,000 Recovery Act projects underway , any misguided project is just a small fraction of tens of thousands coast to coast that are rebuilding America and putting people to work , " Oxhorn said . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs Tuesday dismissed the GOP report as "  political , " and said it lacked credibility . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	McCain says the report highlights "  waste and mismanagement " A new report by two Republican senators criticizes stimulus projects The report says the cited projects fail to deliver what the Recovery Act promised The White House responds that the bill is working as planned
Burmese security forces backed by Buddhist monks have "  committed crimes against humanity " in a campaign of ethnic cleansing that has displaced more than 125,000 Rohingya Muslims in the southwest of the country , according to a new report from Human Rights Watch . The report comes as the European Union was due to meet this week to decide whether to lift sanctions on Myanmar , the South East Asian country also known as Burma . The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority living in Rakhine -- thought to number between 800,000 and one million -- who claim they have been persecuted by Myanmar 's military during its decades of authoritarian rule . Though many Rohingya have only known life in Myanmar , they are viewed by Rakhine 's estimated three million Buddhists as intruders from neighboring Bangladesh . The rights group interviewed more than 100 people on both sides of the conflict following sectarian violence in Arakan state in 2012 in which more than 180 people were killed , and concluded that the violence had been tacitly sanctioned by the Burmese government and its security forces . "  The absence of accountability against those to blame lends credence to allegations that this was a government-appointed campaign of ethnic cleansing in which crimes against humanity were committed , " the report stated . Witnesses described how security forces stood by or joined in with Arakanese men wielding machetes , swords , homemade guns and Molotov cocktails as they descended on villages in what appeared to be a coordinated series of attacks on townships over a wide area of the state . HRW said that satellite imagery from just 5 of the 13 townships attacked since June showed destruction of 4,862 structures across 348 acres of mostly Muslim-owned residential property . In the worst incident at Yah Thei village on October 23 , 2012 , witnesses told HRW how security forces aided local mobs by disarming Rohingya of the primitive weapons they were carrying to defend themselves . During the daylong attack , at least 70 Rohingya were killed including 28 children of which 13 were aged under five . "  First the soldiers told us , ` Do not do anything , we will protect you , we will save you ' , so we trusted them , " a 25-year-old Rohingya survivor told Human Rights Watch . "  But later they broke that promise . The Arakanese beat and killed us very easily . The security did not protect us from them . " The rights group blamed local Buddhist monks and the two-year-old nationalist Rakhine Nationalities Development Party  RNDP  for encouraging and orchestrating the violence . Between June and October , according to the report , these and other ultra-nationalist groups issued pamphlets and public statements demonizing Rohingyas , at times using the phrase "  ethnic cleansing . " "  During the first wave of violence in June security forces not only stood by and watched as Muslim communities were being attacked but in some cases they directly participated in those attacks , " Matthew Smith told CNN from the Bangkok office of HRW . "  In the time between June and October  when the second wave of attacks occurred  there was a high degree of public organizing was taking place promoting ethnic cleansing in Arakan state . "  Public statements were released by monk 's associations , political groups and others and the tensions were rising . The authorities did nothing to intervene , to promote peace and reconciliation , nothing to prevent further violence from occurring . " He said the government continues to blame "  communal violence " when it knew about the attacks and could have prevented them , adding that authorities were blocking aid to displaced victims . HRW said Rohingyas in holding camps were at grave risk of lethal waterborne diseases if they were not moved to higher ground before the rainy season in May . "  There are tens of thousands of people being denied adequate humanitarian aid and the responsibility for this falls squarely on the government , " Smith said . While HRW acknowledged that local Buddhist Arakanese had also been displaced by the violence , the burden of the humanitarian disaster had fallen on the Rohingya population who have suffered decades of abuse under discriminatory Burmese citizenship laws . Myanmar does not recognize them as citizens or one of the 135 recognized ethnic groups living in the country . "  Some Arakanese have suffered greatly in this situation , " Smith said . "  In June , there was violence perpetrated by both Rohingya Muslims and Arakanese Buddhists although it was there was a much smaller level of displacement among the Arakanese community . "  For example , Buddhist monks in Mrauk-U explained to me how at least 16 Arakanese Buddhists had died in the violence in the township . " He said that , for the most part , Arakanese Buddhists have resumed life as usual , attending to their fields , going to tea shops and monasteries while Rohingya Muslims are still subject to abuse from security forces and live under an active policy of segregation and containment within the government 's camps . "  There is a serious concern that the government will not take seriously the right of these displaced people to return to their homes , " Smith said . But Myanmar presidential spokesman Ye Htut accused HRW of timing its report to coincide with the EU sanctions decision . "  The government will not pay attention to such a one-sided report , " he said in comments posted on his Facebook page . Last month , Myanmar 's President Thein Sein placed the city of Meiktila in the region under a state of emergency as sectarian strife simmered . The president said some were exploiting the situation to engineer violence in other parts of the country . "  I would like to warn all political opportunists and religious extremists who try to exploit the noble teachings of these religions and have tried to plant hatred among people of different faiths for their own self-interest : Their efforts will not be tolerated , " he said .	Human Rights Watch accuses Myanmar of tacitly supporting violence against its Rohingya population The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority thought to number between 800,000 and one million The report says security forces stood by as mobs murdered Rohingyas and destroyed their properties HRW warns that displaced people in camps faced a further humanitarian crisis as aid is obstructed
CNN  -- More than three out of every 10 smartphone owners do n't have a password on the device that could give easy access to their e-mail , bank account , credit card information and other sensitive info . That 's one of the findings of a recent worldwide survey by Web security company McAfee . On top of that , 15 % of people surveyed said they save password information on their phones to apps and websites they use and more than half  55 %  who do have passwords said they 've shared those passwords with others . "  The unfortunate reality is that everyone loses things , and our devices can get stolen , " Robert Siciliano , an identity-theft specialist at McAfee , wrote in a blog post about the findings . " And when that happens to your smartphone or tablet , it can be devastating . " In all , 36 % of respondents said they do n't have a phone password . And women are slightly less likely to password-protect their phones . Some 54 % of those who said they do n't were women . Guys are n't blameless , though . Out of all the respondents who said they "  hide " passwords to websites and apps in the Notes app on their phone , 62 % were men . "  Many of us use upwards of 10 apps on our devices during a typical week , " Siciliano wrote . "  The majority of these apps are logged into our most critical accounts including e-mail , text , banking , social media , payment apps and others that are linked to our credit cards . "  And because mobile app developers know that we are more apt to use their programs if they are easy to access and convenient to use , a lot of apps are programmed to automatically keep you logged in for days , weeks , months or until you manually revoke access . " He offered some basic tips for protecting data on your phone . Among them : -- Password-protect all your devices and do n't use easy ones such as "  1-2-3-4 " or "  1-1-1-1 . " -- Never use the "  remember me " function on sensitive apps or your Web browser and remember to log out of those apps when you 're done with them . -- Consider not sharing your password , even with family members . "  This might be a tough one , " he concedes . -- Predictably , use a mobile security product -- such as McAfee 's .	Survey : Three out of 10 of us say that we do n't password-protect our phones McAfee security says more than half have shared their password with others Advice : Never use the "  remember me " function on apps , Web browser Creating a password ? Take a pass on 1-1-1-1 please
CNN  -- For weeks , John McAfee hid from authorities , donning a disguise and using disposable cell phones to communicate . On Tuesday , the 67-year-old Internet security pioneer emerged publicly in Guatemala 's capital , hundreds of miles away from the Caribbean island in Belize where his next-door neighbor was found dead . McAfee 's lawyer said he left Belize to escape police persecution and planned to file a formal request for asylum with Guatemalan officials Wednesday . "  He had to come here because it was the closest and the most immediate place to protect his life , " attorney Telesforo Guerra told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . McAfee 's arrival in Guatemala was the latest twist in an investigation that has drawn international attention and prompted the well known software company founder to go into hiding for weeks . Belize authorities have said they only want to talk to McAfee about the November 11 shooting death of Gregory Faull , 52 , an American businessman who was found dead in his home on the Caribbean island of Ambergris Caye . McAfee , who is not a suspect in the case , lived next door . "  I had nothing to do with his death , " McAfee wrote on his website Tuesday in a message to Faull 's family . "  I have lost five close family members in my 67 years and I know your suffering . " A Belize police spokesman said authorities there believe McAfee could still be in their country , and they still want to question him in his neighbor 's killing . McAfee , who founded the computer security software company that still bears his name , said in a blog post Tuesday that he would speak to Belizean police on the phone and offered to meet with the Central American nation 's prime minister "  in a neutral country . " "  If I am indeed merely wanted for questioning , " he wrote , "  this should suffice . " A Guatemalan official said late Tuesday that officials there had not received a request for asylum from McAfee and did not know how he came into the country . There is no registry of McAfee entering legally at any official border crossing , said Marco Tulio Chicas Sosa , director of international bilateral relations for Guatemala 's foreign ministry . "  Everything we know about this case comes from the media , " he said . The Guatemalan official said he could not comment on whether his country would offer asylum to McAfee , since no request had been filed . Earlier Tuesday , a Belize police spokesman said authorities thought McAfee was still in that country , but declined to say why . "  We 're not even sure he 's left Belize , " said Raphael Martinez , spokesman for the Belize Police Department . "  He said a lot of things . The police feel he 's still here in Belize . "  It 's difficult to pinpoint what he will say next or what he will do next . I still question his frame of mind , " Martinez said . "  I think the best thing is for him to come in and answer a couple of questions . " Belize wo n't seek extradition of McAfee , Martinez said . Authorities are n't unfairly persecuting McAfee , and his attorney "  should come to Belize and see what 's happening here , " Martinez said . In an exclusive interview with CNN earlier this week , McAfee said he fears authorities in Belize and said he 'd been afraid for his life ever since he refused to pay a bribe to a politician months earlier . Martinez said the interview showed McAfee was trying to use media , especially international outlets , "  as pawns in his game for sympathy . " "  I think he really wants to make this into a great fiasco , " he said . "  He 's really gone out of his way to make the country look bad , and we just believe he should , if he 's innocent as he 's saying he is , he should bring in his lawyer , and let 's get to the bottom of this and say what he needs to say and let 's move on , " Martinez said . "  I 'm sure he could be somebody who could direct the course of this investigation . " On his website , McAfee said he has hired Guerra "  to assist in my fight against the government of Belize " and apologized for the secrecy surrounding his relocation . He did not provide details about how -- or when -- he arrived in Guatemala . "  It was not easy to exit Belize and required many supporters in many countries , " he wrote . He said he planned to meet with Guatemalan officials and hoped to speak to reporters in a news conference Wednesday . McAfee founded his namesake computer security software in 1987 , initially running it out of his home in California . He sold his stake in McAfee Associates in 1994 and moved to Belize in 2008 . The case began to unfold on November 9 , when McAfee told police someone had poisoned four of his dogs . To put them out of their misery , he shot each in the head and buried them on his property , a former girlfriend said . Officials say the dogs ' barking and aggressive behavior was a frequent source of friction between McAfee and Faull , a contractor who retired to Belize from Florida and lived next door . McAfee lived in the remote northern part of Ambergris Caye . Two days later , someone shot Faull in the head in his own living room . A 9 mm shell was found on the second step on the first floor , and Faull was found dead on the second floor . McAfee told CNN in the interview that he did not kill Faull and did not pay anybody to kill the man . He said he will not surrender to police for questioning , adding that his priority is to clear his name . Three people have been detained for questioning in the killing , police have said , and investigators are pursuing multiple leads . A 2009 story in the New York Times indicated that McAfee 's fortune had plunged to $ 4 million from its $ 100 million peak , largely because of the real estate and stock market crashes that hit his investments . In February 2010 , he started QuorumEx , which says on its website to be trying to "  reinvent the way modern medicine combats and disarms pathogenic bacteria . " Journalist Miguel Sala and CNN 's Martin Savidge , Fernando del Rincon , Camilo Egana , Joe Sterling and Jessica King contributed to this report .	NEW : A Guatemalan official says there is no register of McAfee entering his country McAfee 's attorney says he fled to Guatemala to escape police persecution and will seek asylum Belize police think McAfee is still in that country , a police spokesman says McAfee is being sought by Belize authorities for questioning in the killing of his neighbor
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of demonstrators slept on the streets of Bangkok on Monday night , continuing a protest intended to force Thailand 's Prime Minister from office , authorities said . The protesters have laid siege to major intersections in Thailand 's large and hectic capital city . At their peak on Monday evening , they numbered as many as 170,000 , Lt. Gen. Paradon Pattanathabut , the nation 's security chief , said Tuesday . But many of the demonstrators have since returned to their homes in the Bangkok area , Paradon said . About 60,000 of them stayed out on the streets overnight , he said , sleeping under tents and mosquito nets . The protesters , who aim to keep demonstrating for a month , occupied seven main intersections and blocked one government office on Monday . They say they intend to march to several other ministries , close more intersections and cut off electricity and water supplies at some government offices . It 's all part of an effort dubbed "  Bangkok shutdown . " It 's orchestrated by the People 's Democratic Reform Committee protest group , led by Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister for the opposition Democrat Party . Traffic disrupted On Monday -- Day 1 -- students stayed at home as 140 schools were closed . In some places , protesters stopped cars from crossing blockades . Many people used alternative routes or means of transportation to reach their destinations . Though many areas of the city are unaffected , several of the rally sites are in popular tourist areas . About 20,000 security personnel kept watch throughout the city . But so far , the shutdown has gone without serious incident . The government has offered talks with protesters and other concerned parties to discuss a way out and way to postpone the election , but Suthep has rejected the offer . Urging caution Rights groups and others have called on Thai authorities and anti-government protesters to respect human rights and avoid violence during the mass demonstrations . Since the anti-government protests began in November , eight people have died and 470 have been injured , authorities said . "  The situation in Thailand is tense , volatile and unpredictable , " Isabelle Arradon , Amnesty International 's Asia-Pacific deputy director , said last week . "  There is a real risk of loss of life and injury unless human rights are fully respected . " U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said Friday in New York that he had spoken by telephone with Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra and opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiva over the past three days "  in an effort to help them bridge their differences . " Ban said he was "  very concerned that the situation could escalate in the days ahead , " particularly on Monday . "  I urge all involved to show restraint , avoid provocative acts and settle their differences peacefully , through dialogue , " he said . Abhisit has denied being a member of the PDRC but has appeared on stage and among the crowds at some of their demonstrations . Travel warnings In a bid to cool tensions , Yingluck dissolved the nation 's parliament in December and called for new elections to be held on February 2 . But the move has done little to appease protesters . They have called on the Prime Minister to step down from her caretaker position and be replaced by an unelected "  people 's council , " which would see through electoral and political reforms . The national Election Commission has urged the government to postpone elections amid the continuing unrest . On Wednesday , Yingluck will meet with protest leaders and election commission officials to discuss whether to postpone , her office said . Dozens of countries have issued travel advisories amid fears the tensions could erupt into violence . The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok has urged U.S. citizens to avoid large gatherings in the city and to ensure they have a stock of cash and essential items in case the situation deteriorates . "  While protests have been generally peaceful over the last two months , some have resulted in injury and death , " its online warning said . "  Even demonstrations that are meant to be peaceful can turn confrontational , and can escalate into violence without warning . " The protest group said that on Monday , it would still allow ambulances to pass along the roads it intends to block , and that it would not block access to airports and public transportation . Ambitious goal Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where every election since 2001 has been won by parties affiliated with Thaksin , a billionaire who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland . Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The recent protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse her of being nothing more than her brother 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . Opposition to Thaksin and Yingluck is strongest among the urban elites and middle class , particularly in Bangkok . Thaksin 's traditional support comes from the populous rural areas of north and northeast Thailand . His supporters , known as "  red shirts , " plan to hold demonstrations in various places in Thailand , but not the capital or south of the country , on Sunday . They support the holding of elections on February 2 .	NEW : About 60,000 protesters stayed out on the streets of Bangkok overnight NEW : At their peak Monday , they numbered as many as 170,000 , authorities say They have laid siege to major intersections in the Thai capital The protesters are demanding that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra step down
CNN  -- Move over Pocahontas and Mulan . Sofia estÃ ¡ aquÃ . Disney 's first Latina princess , featured in the movie "  Sofia the First : Once Upon A Princess , " has received backlash as well as support from media outlets , especially the Latino community . Is Disney 's new princess a milestone for Latinos or a culturally irrelevant character ? Disney 's spokeswoman provided a recent statement to CNN to help clarify what exactly makes "  Princess Sofia " Latina : "  The range of characters in ` Sofia the First ' -- and the actors who play them -- are a reflection of Disney 's commitment to diverse , multicultural and inclusive storytelling , and the wonderful early reaction to ` Sofia ' affirms that commitment . In the story , Sofia 's mother , Queen Miranda , was born in a fictitious land , Galdiz , a place with Latin influences . Miranda met Sofia 's father , Birk Balthazar , who hailed from the kingdom of Freezenberg , and together they moved to Enchancia , where Sofia was born . " "  Sofia the First " is a television movie and series set to debut November 18 on the Disney Channel and Disney Junior , aimed at children ages 2-7 . Sofia is a regular little girl whose life changes when her mother marries the king . Ariel Winter from "  Modern Family " will voice Sofia and Sara Ramirez from "  Grey 's Anatomy " will voice Queen Miranda . When news first hit in December 2011 that Disney was going to introduce its new and much younger princess , there was no mention of Sofia 's Latina background , let alone that her mother was from "  a place with Latin influences , " until this week . Yet this week , Disney announced that Sofia was indeed Latina . As reported by Entertainment Weekly , a blogger on a press tour of the movie 's production offices asked why Sofia 's mother , Miranda , had a darker complexion than the other characters . That led to the big reveal : "  She is Latina , " said Jamie Mitchell , executive producer . According the the vice president of Disney Junior original programming , "  We never actually call it out . " "  It 's sort of a matter-of-fact situation rather than an overt thing . " However , this is n't the first time there is controversy surrounding one of Disney 's princesses . In 2009 , "  The Princess and the Frog " received criticism from parents and the media for being set in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina , its voodoo references and Disney 's first African-American princess , Tiana , falling in love with a Caucasian prince . Most agree Princess Tiana was a step in the right direction , but many said there was still work to be done . Some Latinos applauded Disney 's new milestone and welcomed her with open arms on Twitter stating , " #Disney comes out with its first " #Latina Princess . " Its about time . It is 2012 . #Hispanics " and " #Disney finally comes out with a #Latina princess " Some criticized what they saw as a lack of cultural signifiers or ethnic identity in the Sofia character . "  If Disney were truly to finally step out and directly cater to the Latino community that has been crying out for decades for a Latina princess to represent our girls , " said Ana Flores , blogger for Spanglishbaby , "  She would be as Latina as Tiana is black or as Pocahontas is Indian-American . " Alex Nogales , president and CEO for the National Hispanic Media Coalition , a nonprofit organization that promotes Latino equality in the entertainment industry , believes the Latino community needs more heroes right now that are very identifiable . "  Latinos are taking the blame for everything that is wrong with America . This is not a time to pussyfoot around . If you 're going to promote this to the public , and Latinos in particular , do us a favor and make it a real Latina . " What you do n't know about Latinos in America	"  Sofia the First : Once Upon A Princess " has received backlash as well as support "  It 's sort of a matter-of-fact situation rather than an overt thing , " a Disney official says Some Latinos applauded Disney 's new milestone on Twitter Disney 's decision to not emphasize Sofia 's ethnicity has received criticism too
CNN  -- Over the past decade the Middle East has made a massive move to secure some of the world 's major sporting events . Abu Dhabi won the right to host a Formula One Grand Prix beginning in 2009 , Qatar was successful in its FIFA World Cup bid for 2022 and the world 's top tennis players and golfers regularly head to the region for big tour tournaments . Among the sporting push in the region is sailing ; nine teams are currently taking part in the "  Sailing Arabia - the Tour " -- the Middle East 's version of Europe 's Le Tour de France a la Voile . The event sees the fleet sail throughout the region from Bahrain to Oman . It is the second time it has been held but it is not the only sailing competition to take place in the region this year . "  We do always try to approach the prime events , " says Faisal Abdulla Al Sheikh from the Abu Dhabi Tourism Authority . "  Of course  there is  the Volvo Ocean Race , the first ever Middle East stop over . " The United Arab Emirates was this year included in the Volvo Ocean Race for the first time in its 39-year history . The 39000 nautical mile challenge , that sees six professional crews race across the world over eight months , incorporated a Cape Town to Abu Dhabi leg . The decision to include the Middle Eastern stopover provided unique challenges . Parts of the leg were shrouded in secrecy because of concerns over piracy . It was split into two sections and the race boats had to be loaded onto a cargo ship and taken to Sharjah in the UAE for the final sprint to Abu Dhabi . See also : Abu Dhabi : Stepping out of Dubai 's shadows "  For us the race is aiming at being a very global competition so we need to expand , " says Knut Frostad , CEO of the Volvo Ocean Race . "  We need to make sure we cover as many markets as we can and Abu Dhabi and a few other players wanted to be serious about sailing . " "  Obviously there is an economic factor , " he adds . "  There 's no doubt that this region is less affected by the crisis we have in Europe . " See also : Volvo Ocean Race : The ` Everest of sailing ' Other sailing organizations too are seeing the financial benefits of the Middle East . The independent sailing company Pindar began its push into the region around four years in Bahrain . Pindar set up sailing programs and launched the boat "  Kingdom of Bahrain " -- which in 2009 was briefly held by Iranian authorities when the crew was accused of straying into Iranian waters en route to Dubai for a race . Pindar CEO , Andrew Pindar , sees the Middle East as providing a lot of economic opportunities for organizations like his . "  There is a lot of stability in the region and a lot of investment , " he says . Pindar says its warm climate and location are huge draw cards for the sailing world . "  For most of the year it has good sailing conditions ; warm water , good winds , " he says . "  It 's in the middle for people coming from Europe and Australasia , " which Pindar adds is ideal for competitive sailing . But it 's not only the competitive sailing world that is being drawn to the Middle East , with the large expat community and corporate world providing a new sailing audience . Pindar says the opportunities are available in the Gulf , as long as organizations are willing to put in the hard work . "  If you go there with the right idea or the right approach then people will back you , but they do n't do it immediately . " The CEO says there has been a real push for sailing in Abu Dhabi and Dubai , and thinks the Volvo Ocean Race 's presence in the Middle East will do a lot to boost the sport 's profile . Unlike that event , participants in "  Sailing Arabia - the Tour " compete only for the pride of winning . The fleet is a mixture of professionals and amateurs , with many only having a few months experience on the water . Oman Sail runs the event and its CEO David Graham says the organization is trying to promote competition amongst the Gulf nations . "  Sailing has always been in the Middle East , it has very deep and strong roots , " Graham says . "  What 's becoming more of a focus now is the sport of sailing . " See also : Oman women 's Olympic ambitions Oman Sail aims to promote sailing and has established pioneering initiatives to encourage people across Omani society to take up the sport . In the past three years it has taught thousands of children how to sail and is helping develop a women 's squad in an effort to boost Oman 's Olympic chances . "  Without doubt sailing is on the upwards spiral in the Middle East , " says Graham .	The Middle East has moved to secure some of the world 's major sporting events Volvo Ocean Race stopped in Abu Dhabi for the first time Sailing organizations are seeing the financial benefits of the Middle East
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There is "  no remaining hope " of finding six men trapped for almost a month in a Utah coal mine alive , a federal official said Saturday . Isaac Arellano holds a candle and sings during a fundraiser for miners Tuesday in Price , Utah . "  Over the past 25 days , the Mine Safety and Health Administration has exhausted all known options in our attempt to reach the six miners , " Richard Stickler , head of the agency , said in a statement . "  The thoughts and prayers of the dedicated professionals at MSHA are with the families . " Sympathy for the failed efforts also came Saturday from the White House . "  Last night , a difficult decision was made to end the search , " President Bush said in a statement . "  Laura and I are deeply saddened by this tragedy and continue to pray for the families of these men . " Labor Secretary Elaine Chao called the ordeal "  heartbreaking . " "  The grueling around-the-clock rescue operation that claimed three lives and injured six others has also taken a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community , and our thoughts and prayers are with them all , " Chao said in a statement . After drilling seven holes into mine tunnels from the mountaintop above , there has been no sign of the miners -- and microphones have picked up no sound from the men . See a timeline of rescue efforts " Tests showed underground oxygen levels were too low to sustain human life . "  We basically told the families that at this point in time we 've run out of options , " Stickler said at a news conference late Friday . "  We 've consulted with the people that we have here , we 've consulted with the technical support in Pittsburgh and we 've consulted with private consultants in terms of where we can go , " he said . "  And basically , through all the information we 've gleaned over the past nearly four weeks in terms of the conditions we found , in terms of the air readings we found down there and ... everything else , we just do n't know where else we can put a hole to get any other information . " See photos of the rescue mission " There were no public statements Saturday from Bob Murray , president and CEO of Murray Mining , co-owner of the Crandall Canyon Mine , who was the outspoken face of the rescue operation for the first three weeks , then largely disappeared from public view . Federal officials became the spokesmen . No one from Murray Mining was present at Friday 's news conference . "  They are done . It 's finished , " the attorney for the families said , according to the Saturday edition of The Salt Lake Tribune . "  It 's a hard and bitter pill for our families , and there were quite a few tears shed , " the newspaper quotes Colin King as saying . The men were trapped during a collapse on August 6 , and it is not known whether they survived the cave-in . Efforts to reach them were suspended 10 days later when two rescuers and a federal mining official were killed , and six people were injured in a second collapse as they tried to tunnel horizontally toward the area where the men had been working . Murray said last week that the search effort would stop if no signs of life were found at the sixth hole . Under pressure from the families , however , he agreed to try one more time . Families wanted officials to drill a hole large enough to send down a rescue capsule . The effort to lower the robotic device down a seventh hole had been called "  a long shot " by an official . MSHA 's Stickler said that hole was drilled into the Crandall Canyon Mine on Thursday , but there were problems with a robotic camera that teams were trying to lower into it . Work resumed Friday , this time at the fourth hole , but the camera could only descend about 7 feet , he said . "  Basically , what it saw was really not that much . There was quite a bit of mud in there , water coming down the hole . It really could n't go any farther than seven feet , " he said of the latest try . In addition , the roof was sagging . "  The families asked many , many questions and we answered them all the best we could , basically coming to the conclusion that we had run out of options . " Murray said last Saturday he has already filed paperwork with federal regulators to permanently close and seal the Crandall Canyon mine . "  I will never come back to that evil mountain , " he said . Friends and family have identified the six missing miners as Luis Hernandez , Manuel Sanchez , Kerry Allred , Carlos Payan , Brandon Phillips and Don Erickson . E-mail to a friend	NEW : President Bush says he and first lady are deeply saddened by the tragedy Mine Safety and Health Administration chief : We 've run out of options . The six men have been trapped underground since August 6 Seven bore holes drilled into the mountain have found no signs of life
Hundreds took to streets in Iraq on Thursday , castigating an inflammatory anti-Islamic video and the nation where it was produced , the United States . Angry protesters in the Sadr City district of northeast Baghdad carried banners , Iraqi flags and images of radical Shiite and anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr as they railed against what they see as an insult to their faith . "  America is the enemy of the people , " the demonstrators shouted Thursday morning . They also yelled out , "  Yes , yes to Islam . Yes , yes to Iraq . Yes , yes to Quran " -- the latter referring to the Muslim holy book . Arrest made in connection with deadly assault on U.S. consulate in Libya Some protesters burned an American flag , while another put a U.S. flag on the ground and stepped on it to express his anger . Sabbar al-Saeidi , a member of Baghdad 's provincial council , condemned the "  Innocence of Muslims " film and called for the closing of U.S. embassies in all Arab and predominantly Muslim countries . "  Since  Americans  did not respect more than 1 billion Muslims all over the world , I call on all Muslim and Arab countries to launch an economic and diplomatic boycott of America and its agents , " said one protester , Abbass Qahtan . A growing number of Muslims have demonstrated around the world in recent days over the obscure 14-minute film trailer that mocks Islam 's prophet . The film -- which was posted in July on YouTube , but got more notice recently after Egyptian television aired segments and anti-Islam activists promoted it online -- includes cartoonish scenes of Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and ruthless killer . The filmmaker was identified in a July 2011 casting call as Sam Bassiel and on the call sheet as Sam Bassil ; the name was reported at first by news outlets as Sam Bacile . YouTube restricts video access over Libyan violence By Thursday , as new details emerged , it was becoming apparent that Bacile was probably not the producer 's real name . And two members of the film 's production staff who spoke to CNN denied initial media reports that the filmmaker was an Israeli Jew . While the film was made in the United States , its origins are unclear . It was not sanctioned by the U.S. government . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has called the film "  disgusting and reprehensible , " saying its aim appears to be "  to denigrate a great religion and to provoke rage . " In addition to Sadr City , hundreds of Iraqis protested against the film and the United States in the provinces of Najaf and Karbala , according to witnesses and local police officials . These demonstrators were also supporters of al-Sadr . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki has strongly condemned the "  Innocence of Muslims " film , while also calling on Muslims not to resort to violence . "  The repetition of insulting  a religion  by some suspicious people and groups deserves the strongest condemnation and denunciation , especially the last film ... abusing Muslims ' noble values , " al-Maliki said in a statement released Thursday , He called on "  the followers of all divine religions " to go after the "  racists and stop them from spreading their dangerous thoughts . " But committing violence in the process , the prime minister said , would go against Muslim and "  civilized values . " Arabic press condemns violence and film-maker Ex-SEAL , online gaming maven among Benghazi dead Blog : Updates on violence , arrests	Hundreds of a radical Shiite cleric 's supporters demonstrate in Baghdad 's Sadr City "  America is the enemy of the people , " they chant , while railing against an anti-Islam video The controversial video was made in the U.S. , but the top U.S. diplomat calls it "  disgusting " Protests tied to the video are also held elsewhere in Iraq , including Najaf and Karbala
CNN  -- The 850-square-kilometer swath of the Indian Ocean where officials have focused their hunt for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 probably is n't the right place , the joint search agency said Thursday . The area off the coast of western Australia is not the "  final resting place of MH370 , " the Australia-based Joint Agency Coordination Centre said . Officials zeroed in on that zone after acoustic pings originally thought to be from the black boxes of the missing plane were detected in early April . "  The Australian Transport Safety Bureau  ATSB  has advised that the search in the vicinity of the acoustic detections can now be considered complete and in its professional judgment , the area can now be discounted as the final resting place of MH370 , " a statement from the Joint Agency Coordination Centre said . But Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss defended the country 's efforts in the southern Indian Ocean . "  We are still very confident that the resting place of the aircraft is in the southern ocean and along the seventh ping line , " he told Parliament on Thursday . "  We concentrated the search in this area because the pings and the information we received was the best information we had available at the time . And that is all you can do in circumstances like this ... follow the very best leads . " Unlikely to be from Flight 370 Hours earlier , a U.S. Navy official told CNN that the pings at the center of the search for the past seven weeks are no longer believed to have come from the plane 's black boxes . The acknowledgment came Wednesday as searchers wrapped up the first phase of their effort in the southern Indian Ocean floor without finding any wreckage from the Boeing 777 . Authorities now almost universally believe that the pings did not come from the onboard data or cockpit voice recorders but instead from some other manmade source unrelated to the jetliner that disappeared March 8 , according to Michael Dean , the Navy 's deputy director of ocean engineering . If the pings had come from the recorders , searchers would have found them , he said . When asked whether other countries involved in the search had reached the same conclusions , Dean said , "  yes . " Underwater search for MH370 postponed for at least 2 months "  Our best theory at this point is that  the pings were  likely some sound produced by the ship ... or within the electronics of the Towed Pinger Locator , " Dean said . The pinger locator was used by searchers to listen for underwater signals . Signals still being studied "  Always your fear any time you put electronic equipment in the water is that if any water gets in and grounds or shorts something out , that you could start producing sound , " Dean explained . He said it is not possible to absolutely exclude that the pings came from the black boxes , but there is no evidence now to suggest they did . However , U.S. Navy spokesman Chris Johnson called Dean 's statement "  speculative and premature . " "  I am not saying that what Michael Dean said was inaccurate , " Johnson said , "  but what we are saying is that it is not his place to say it . " The Navy is continuing "  to work with our partners to more thoroughly understand the data acquired by the Towed Pinger Locater , " he said . "  As such , we would defer to the Australians , as the lead in the search effort , to make additional information known at the appropriate time , " he said . Australian Transport Safety Bureau Chief Commissioner Martin Dolan , whose agency judged that the plane is n't in the area where the pings were detected , said the signals were still being analyzed . "  We are a cautious and evidence-based organization , and at this stage , we do not understand the signals sufficiently to understand their cause , " he said , declining to comment specifically on Dean 's statement . Here 's what we do and do n't know about new MH370 data Disbelieving families Sarah Bajc , whose partner Philip Wood was on the plane , dismissed the back-and-forth over the release of the latest information a public relations management . As far as she and some of the other families are concerned , they have not received the truth from officials since the get-go . "  The sequence of events is just a blatant coverup as far as I 'm concerned , " she told CNN . Bajc is among the family members calling for an independent investigation . Private investigators have been hired by relatives of those on the plane , but Malaysian and Australian officials have not been interested , she said . "  But they do n't listen , and they do n't respond , " she said . Key role in search The pings have played a key role in shaping the search for the plane , which disappeared on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people aboard . Search officials expressed "  cautious optimism " in the pings when they were discovered April 5 and 8 . Angus Houston , the man leading the hunt for the missing plane , said as recently as this month that the pulse signals remained "  the most promising lead " in the search . The optimism stemmed from the fact the pings were detected near an arc where an Inmarsat satellite had last communicated with the plane . And it was bolstered by the pinger 's steady one-ping-a-second cadence , matching that of equipment known to be on the plane . But caution stemmed from the ping 's 33.3 kHz frequency , slightly lower than 37.5 kHz design frequency . There were also concerns because the four ping detection sites were miles apart . But experts said crash damage or deep ocean pressures could alter the pinger frequency . They said the plane 's two black boxes could have been separated during an explosion or crash . And they noted that sounds can travel far , and even echo , in underwater environments . Dean said Wednesday that officials were also concerned because , after twice detecting pings April 5 , searchers had difficulty reacquiring the pings the next day . One incident -- the loss of the pinger signal April 8 -- had the peculiar impact of both lowering and raising expectations . The signal loss made it harder to zero in on the black boxes . But it also boosted confidence that they had found the pingers , since the batteries were expected to die about that time . Truss , the Australian deputy prime minister , said the next stage of the search will begin in August and is expected to take up to 12 months . "  Hopefully , there will be a breakthrough earlier , and so it wo n't take that amount of time , " he said . "  But unfortunately , this is a painstaking effort in a very large ocean . " What happens next ? CNN 's David Molko , Neda Farshbaf and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Australia 's deputy PM defends searching the southern Indian Ocean The joint search agency says the original search area is not plane 's final resting place U.S. Navy official : The pings detected are no longer believed to have come from the plane The pings had been at the center of the search since they were picked up weeks ago
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was heading to Asia on Thursday for a wide-ranging trip that will take her from the Cook Islands in the Pacific Ocean to China and Russia farther north . The State Department says the week-and-a-half-long trip is intended to emphasize a strong , long-term U.S. focus on the entire Asia-Pacific region . "  It is a very long , very diverse trip , but the concurrent themes that run through this is a strong , determined effort on the part of the United States to underscore our rebalancing towards the Asia-Pacific region , to make clear that we 're here to stay , that we are engaged on an array of issues -- strategic , political , commercial , " a senior State Department official told reporters ahead of the trip . "  It spans not just Asia , not just Northeast Asia but Southeast Asia and , increasingly , the Pacific , " the official said . Syrian crisis : Clinton talks contingency plans with Turkey Clinton 's first stop will be the Cook Islands , host of this year 's Pacific Islands Forum , one of the region 's most significant political institutions . She plans to talk with leaders there about regional challenges with health issues and climate change , as well as commercial interests and problems like illegal fishing . After that , Clinton plans to head to Indonesia , which is emerging as a major player in the ASEAN , or Association of Southeast Asian Nations , regional forum , and to Beijing , where the official said a full range of U.S.-China issues will be on the table -- including developments on the Korean Peninsula and in Iran , Syria and Afghanistan . Among the other items on the Beijing agenda may be the dispute that flared earlier this month over the South China Sea . Countries like Vietnam and the Philippines lay claim to some areas of the South China Sea , but China has declared "  indisputable sovereignty " over all of it . When the U.S. State Department earlier this month urged more Chinese diplomacy in the dispute , China blasted Washington for confounding the issue . "  I think one of the messages that we seek to carry on this trip is that it is absolutely essential that cooler heads prevail in every capital , " the senior State Department official said . The official said the best place for dialogue on the South China Sea is between China and the ASEAN forum . Clinton : Iran 's proposal are ` non-starters ' Clinton may also have to deal with another long-running maritime dispute , this one involving a group of islands in the East China Sea claimed by China , Japan and Taiwan . Furious anti-Japan protests erupted across China this month when a Japanese group sailed to one of the disputed islets and symbolically waved Japanese flags . The State Department official said the United States is ready to play a "  steady outside role " when it comes to such decades-long territorial disputes in Asia . After Beijing , Clinton plans a commercially focused visit to East Timor , visiting a coffee plantation to highlight the decade-old nation 's economic development . A brief visit to Brunei will follow , where Clinton plans to "  renew friendships " while sitting down for dinner with Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah . The official said Brunei has been a very helpful partner to the United States in the Middle East and with educational initiatives , and that it seeks more commercial collaboration with the United States . Closing out Clinton 's trip will be a visit to Russky Island off Vladivostok , Russia , for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum . In particular , Clinton plans to discuss intellectual property issues and hold meetings on a new Trans-Pacific Partnership , a regional trade group that came up during last year 's APEC summit in Hawaii , the official said . Japan , Canada and Mexico were among the nations that last year expressed interest in the partnership . Clinton is also expected to talk with her Russian counterpart , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , about issues including Syria , Iran and the Balkans , the official said . Clinton warns Sinai could turn into jihadist haven	The trip begins in the Cook Islands for the regional Pacific Islands Forum She then heads to Indonesia , Beijing , East Timor and Brunei Clinton will end the trip at the APEC summit in Russia U.S. official : The trip is meant to highlight a U.S. focus on the entire region
CNN  -- A Secret Service dog fell to its death Saturday night while doing a sweep of a multi-story parking deck near a hotel where Vice President Joe Biden was speaking . The Belgian Malinois fell from the roof of the six-story deck adjacent to The Ritz-Carlton in New Orleans where Biden was speaking at a fundraiser for U.S. Senator Mary Landrieu , reported CNN affiliate WWL . Secret Service spokesman Max Milien told CNN the death was a "  tragic accident . " The agency began its canine program in 1975 to detect explosives . It uses Belgian Malinois because they are small and have short hair -- making it easy for them to work in the heat . They are also very sociable . Each dog and its handler has to complete 20 weeks of training before beginning work , the agency said . When it 's time for a dog to retire -- usually after about 10 years -- it is retired to its handler .	The dog was sweeping a parking deck near where VP Biden was speaking The agency calls the death a "  tragic accident " The agency has been using Belgian Malinois since 1975
New York  CNN  -- Pro basketball is a staple of American athletics , taking its place with Major League Baseball and the National Football League as one of the pre-eminent U.S. sports leagues . And it 's big business , too , pumping tens of millions of dollars into the U.S. economy . So the owner of the Brooklyn Nets raised eyebrows this week when he said he planned to transfer ownership of the team to a company in Russia -- at a time when tension between the U.S. and Russia is at its highest level since the end of the Cold War . That raised two questions : Will it happen ? Does it matter ? The billionaire owner , Mikhail Prokhorov , Monday reiterated his year-old intention to transfer the Brooklyn Nets ownership base to Russia , but has since toned down his rhetoric . "  This is a long process which may or may not come to fruition and nothing is imminent , " Prokhorov 's company , Onexim Sports and Entertainment , which owns the NBA basketball team , said in a statement released via the Brooklyn Nets . "  Of course , no steps in this direction could or would be taken without the full knowledge and approval of the NBA . " On Monday , the 48 year-old Russian national told reporters in Moscow , "  I have already stated that I will transfer the basketball club  under the Russian jurisdiction  , " according to Russian news agency ITAR-Tass . Not so fast , the NBA said , telling CNN the transfer has yet to begin . "  The Nets are owned by Mikhail Prokhorov through a U.S.-based company , " Mike Bass , executive vice president of NBA communications , told CNN . "  We have received no official application , nor is there a process under way through our office to transfer the ownership of the Nets to another company . " If an application to change ownership was submitted by the Nets , 75 % of NBA team owners -- or 23 of 30 -- would have to approve the move , Bass said . He said that the NBA 's Board of Governors  the 30 team owners  would have to decide whether there are any issues with the transfer of ownership application . Currently , the NBA has no rules prohibiting a foreign company from owning an NBA team . The back-and-forth comes as Russian President Vladimir Putin pushes Russian businessmen to "  de-offshore " companies owned abroad . Last week , Putin stressed the importance of bringing the companies home and making them pay Russian taxes to help grow the economy , according to the Kremlin website . "  Entrepreneurs need to understand their responsibility , " Putin told a group of Russian businessmen last week . "  Our priority stance is that Russian companies have to be registered here , in their home country and have a transparent ownership structure . " Onexim Group is described as a private investment holding company that owns or manages various metals companies , financial companies and media outlets , as well as the Nets , according to the site . In recent weeks , Washington has imposed sanctions on senior Russian officials and what officials called "  cronies " of Putin , as well as a bank , after warning Putin against annexing Crimea from Ukraine . President Barack Obama also signed an executive order that authorizes his administration to target Russian companies vital to the economy , including financial services , energy , metals and mining . When asked about the idea of a basketball team transferring its ownership to be based in Russia , the State Department declined to comment . Onexim says the discussions to move the Brooklyn Nets under Russia 's jurisdiction began in the spring of 2013 . At the time , Prokhorov intended to run for public office and the move was an attempt to comply with Russian laws regarding political candidates . "  Mikhail was not in any way tying it to the current political situation , " Ellen Pinchuk , director for international projects at the communications adviser group Mikhailov & Partners , said this week . Prokhorov called the move "  an outstanding opportunity to use NBA technologies for the step-by-step development of basketball in Russia , " according to ITAR-Tass . Alexander Kliment , director of Russia research and emerging markets at Eurasia Group , a global political risk and consulting firm , said there is a basic agreement between Putin and oligarchs permitting them to make money as long as they stay out of government . They 're also expected to comply with government demands , he said . "  Prokhorov is falling into line with the Kremlin 's broader emphasis on returning the assets of Russia 's wealthiest businessmen back to Russia , " Kliment said . "  There 's a political dimension to that : to ensure that the wealthiest are as dependent on him as possible and as independent of the west as possible . " Russia 's oligarchs always had to balance keeping assets at home versus abroad , Kliment said , but pressure has been increasing . "  For a long time the political risk of keeping assets in Russia appeared to be higher , but in the past month that has shifted because of pressure from both the Kremlin and the White House , " Kliment added . Courtney Brunious , associate director of the USC Marshall Sports Business Institute , said such a move in the sports world could be complicated by the current political situation . "  Any type of moves that take into consideration the residency of who owns the team would be impacted by whatever laws in the country in which they reside and any type of sanctions that currently or could potentially be placed on a country , such as Russia , " Brunious said . If NBA team owners gather to discuss the transfer they have to consider the best interest of the league and owners , as well the ramifications of ownership change , he said . "  Anyone that has a background , like Prokhorov , that could be aligned with sanctions , needs to be taken seriously , " Brunious said . He added : "  The NBA as a whole wants draw from a large audience . They want to focus on the talent and competition on the court , they do n't necessarily want to link up with geopolitical issues . " "  Unless the move raises issues with the league or the U.S. government , Nets fans probably should n't be worried . As long as the Nets ownership group is financially sound and not running afoul of those groups , the team wo n't likely feel much of an impact , " Brunious said . Prokhorov became principal owner of the Nets in 2010 . He bought 80 % of the team , as well as a 45 % stake in the Barclays Center , the iconic new facility the team has called home since 2012 . The Brooklyn Nets are worth $ 780 million , the 5th most valuable franchise in the NBA , according to Forbes . Prokhorov -- worth $ 10.4 billion , the 120th richest person in the world and the 11th richest in Russia , according to Forbes -- gained his wealth through minerals and metal investments in the years after the fall of communism in the early 1990s . He 's got a reputation as a financial sage . "  I like business , it 's my profession , " Prokhorov told CNN 's Matthew Chance in 2011 . "  I spend , like , 15 hours a day in the office . It 's the great joy in my life , and I never think about money . " Prokhorov has shown interest in politics in the past , and even ran for president in Russia as an independent against Putin in 2012 . At the time , some saw him as too close to the regime in power . Many Russians suspected the Kremlin put Prokhorov up to garner some legitimate votes without being a true threat to Putin , giving the impression that the contest was fair . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski , Quand Thomas , Jillian Martin and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Russian billionaire owner of Nets considers ownership move to Russian jurisdiction The move is "  not in any way tying it to the current political situation , " the owner 's rep said Obama signed an order that can target Russian companies vital to its economy
Cairo  CNN  -- The 25-year-old pregnant wife of a Syrian TV anchor in Egypt was kidnapped in Cairo on Friday , her husband said . Thaer al-Nashef , who describes himself as a "  political activist against the Syrian regime , " said he believes the alleged kidnapping is the work of Syrian intelligence operating in the country . There was no immediate response to the allegations from the Syrian government . Egyptian police confirmed that al-Nashef filed a police report about his wife 's disappearance . Al-Nashef said he was alerted to the alleged kidnapping by a text message . "  We have kidnapped your wife , you dirty dog , so you do n't insult your master again , " al-Nashef quoted the text as saying . Al-Nashef said he received further text messages from the alleged kidnappers , including one that threatened that his wife would be raped , and another saying his wife would be killed if he went to the media with the story . Mustapha Khalil , the officer who took al-Nashef 's report , said police will be contacting his mobile phone provider to investigate the origins of the text messages . Al-Nashef said the messages came from an Egyptian number . Al-Nashef is a freelance journalist in Egypt and serves as a TV anchor for several networks , including January 25 TV , which was launched after the revolution to topple Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . His wife , Mona al-Gharib , is an Egyptian citizen and a student at Azhar University , he said . She is six months pregnant with their second child , according to al-Nashef . Protesters gathered outside offices of the Arab League after news of the alleged kidnapping broke . They later moved to the Syrian Embassy . The Syrian government has been accused of seeking retribution against relatives of Syrian activists working against the Bashar al-Assad regime from abroad . The U.S. State Department announced this summer that it had received reports that Syrian mission personnel had been conducting video surveillance of people participating in peaceful demonstrations in the United States . Other Syrian activists living abroad have also declined to be named or appear on camera for fear of reprisals against their families at home . And in August , a rebel military leader living in exile in Turkey disappeared from a refugee camp and reappeared days later in Syrian government custody . Evidence also suggested that the government carried out reprisal attacks against the man 's family .	The woman is the wife of a Syrian TV anchor in Egypt Her husband accuses Syrian intelligence of carrying out the alleged kidnapping Police are investigating the origins of text messages allegedly from the kidnappers
CNN  -- When Edward Snowden unleashed the flood of classified documents and surveillance data secreted from U.S. spy agencies earlier this year , it is unclear if he anticipated the high-level damage it would do to U.S. international relations . Headlines have focused on irate calls by heads of state to President Barack Obama and parliamentary moves to restore privacy . Diplomats have been summoned to repair fractured relationships . And just this week , the United Nations ' senior counterterrorism special rapporteur , Ben Emmerson , announced that he would launch an investigation into the surveillance tactics used by American and British intelligence agencies citing the Snowden leaks at "  the very apex of public interest concerns . " Yet for all the ruckus globally , the most enduring damage from omnipresent surveillance may be right here at home . Early evidence suggests that knowing that our e-mails , phone calls and social media circles are being vacuumed up into a giant government database may reshape what we say and write , and whom we associate with . Surveillance may be chipping away not just at our privacy , but at the American values of freedom of expression and association enshrined in the First Amendment . Invasion of privacy or no big deal ? Yet while foreign politicians are up in arms , many Americans are shrugging their shoulders . There have been lawsuits , bills introduced in Congress and even a few public demonstrations . But surveys from Pew Research indicate that the National Security Agency programs are actually supported by roughly half of Americans , even though many believe that their own personal e-mails and calls have been read or listened to . However , a survey of American writers done in October revealed that nearly one in four has self-censored for fear of government surveillance . They fessed up to curbing their research , not accepting certain assignments , even not discussing certain topics on the phone or via e-mail for fear of being targeted . The subjects they are avoiding are no surprise -- mostly matters to do with the Middle East , the military and terrorism . Because they rely on free expression for their work and livelihoods , some writers may be more prone to caution in what they say and who they say it to for fear of activating an NSA tripwire . But as awareness of mass surveillance sets in for the general public , it is hard to imagine the rest of us will be far behind . In a country that has prided itself for the world 's staunchest protections of free speech and association , certain subjects , names , and ideas may become virtually off-limits for all those who 'd rather not tangle with the NSA . Topics that are foreign , alien or frightening may become all the more so if researchers , writers , journalists and even students are afraid to investigate and explain them . Surveillance so intrusive it is putting certain subjects out of bounds would seem like cause for alarm in a country that prides itself as the world 's most free . Americans have long protested the persecution and constraints on journalists and writers living under repressive regimes abroad , yet many seem ready to accept these new encroachments on their freedom at home . We 've already given it away Some Americans ' relative nonchalance toward the government prying into e-mails and calls we long thought were private may stem in part from knowing that we have already ceded so much of our privacy voluntarily . Social media , online shopping , and simple browsing have become semi-public acts . It 's hard to know who can see what , and worrying about it can stand in the way of buying a birthday present , posting a great photo or getting your taxes done . Moreover , for most Americans , learning that the government is a lurking hidden online "  friend " does n't evoke the fears it would have in communist Eastern Europe or today 's Russia or Iran . Because we are all subject to the NSA 's intrusions , there is no single group -- not Muslims , or African-Americans , or people of Middle Eastern descent -- that has emerged as a target of these newly revealed programs . While Americans are used to fighting against discrimination , we are less accustomed to standing up for rights to privacy , expression and association that belong to us all . Finally , because of the utter secrecy of the programs -- schemes we would not even know about short of Snowden 's astonishing breach -- unless you 're Angela Merkel you would n't know whether you were under investigation , questioned at the airport , or denied a visa because of something you said or wrote . It may be years , if ever , before stories come to light of people done in by their own texts , web-surfing or Facebook posts . Did it really matter ? When the Snowden story first broke , Obama claimed that the newly exposed programs had foiled 50 terrorist plots . After reading through a classified list of the thwarted assaults , Sen. Patrick Leahy called the figure "  plainly wrong . " In the few cases where details have been released , journalists and intelligence experts have argued that the evidence gathered through surveillance could have been obtained in other ways , or was n't crucial . Not all surveillance powers are bad . The Congress and courts have , for decades , focused on where to draw the boundaries to ensure that both we and our constitutional rights are kept safe . With new and expansive surveillance technologies , and new evidence that our most treasured rights may be at risk , the public is depending on judges and representatives to demand the information they need to properly weigh up the purported benefits of surveillance , as well as its harms . Americans should n't be out-outraged by the international community about a program that puts our own liberties at risks . The public 's dulled senses when it comes to online privacy should not be grounds for forfeiting the rights the Founding Fathers put first above all others . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Suzanne Nossel .	Suzanne Nossel : Edward Snowden has done damage to international relations Nossel : Some writers have begun censoring themselves out of fear Nossel : Still , many average Americans may not see the intrusion as that big of a deal
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Chinese officials in the northwestern Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region reported the death of a fourth baby Thursday in the country 's expanding contaminated infant formula case . The tainted milk powder has already sickened more than 6,200 babies . Earlier in the day , authorities announced the arrest of 12 more suspects in the investigation , provincial police said . The arrests bring to 18 the number of people detained , according to the Hebei Public Security Bureau . Twelve of those arrested are involved in the collection of milk and the production of milk products , authorities said . Authorities accuse the other six of illegally selling the chemical added to the milk . More than 1,300 infants are hospitalized , said Li Changjiang , China 's director of quarantine and inspection , on Wednesday . Their conditions include malnutrition , kidney stones and acute renal failure . Inspectors have been deployed across the country to test producers ' inventories . Of China 's 175 baby milk powder production companies , 66 have stopped production , Li said . Watch parents scramble for safe milk " Two brothers who sold fresh milk used to produce contaminated baby milk powder were arrested by Chinese investigators Monday . They could face death if convicted , according to China Daily , a state-run newspaper . The raw milk had been watered down and a chemical added to fool quality checks , the newspaper said . Investigators said the brothers confessed to watering down the raw milk and mixing in tripolycyanamide , also known as melamine . They said they did it to recover losses suffered when the factory rejected earlier milk shipments , the paper reported . Learn more about the chemical melamine " The brothers are charged with producing and selling toxic and hazardous food , which carries a possible death penalty , the paper said . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . The chemical is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Watch CNN visit the company at the center of the scandal " Thousands of tons of the tainted milk powder have been recalled , including pullbacks by Mengniu Dairy Group , China 's largest milk producer , and the Sanlu Group . Chinese investigators have found melamine in nearly 70 milk products from more than 20 companies , Li said Wednesday . Products made by Sanlu had the highest concentration of the chemical . It is not the first time Sanlu has been connected to a scandal involving tainted milk powder , according to China Daily . In 2004 , at least 13 infants in the eastern Anhui province died of malnutrition after drinking milk powder that had little to no nutrition . The illegally manufactured milk was falsely labeled with the Sanlu brand , according to the paper . The vast majority of the tainted formula was consumed domestically , but it is known to have been exported to Taiwan , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Yemen , Chad and Burundi , according to Li . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said no Chinese baby formula has been allowed on the market in the United States . In a statement on its Web site , the FDA said it had reached out to all five companies making formula in the United States and none has used formula or source materials from China . This episode marks the latest in a string of tainted products produced in China : CNN 's Yuli Yang contributed to this story .	NEW : 12 new arrests raises total number of people detained to 18 4 babies have died ; over 6,200 infants now known to be ill China 's largest milk producer , Mengniu Dairy Group , recalls three batches of formula Of China 's 175 baby milk powder production companies , 66 have stopped production
Rolling Stone  -- Following Nicki Minaj 's no-show at the Hot 97 Summer Jam , Lauryn Hill took to Twitter to clarify her situation and "  an innaccuracy . " Some reports have claimed Minaj had planned to bring out Nas and Hill during her performance , but after Minaj was told not to perform by YMCMB label chief Lil Wayne , the guests took the stage in her absence . Many assumed since Hill was apparently tapped by Minaj , filling-in was sort of a given . "  I was not scheduled to be a special guest on her set at Summer Jam , I was invited by Nas to perform with him , " says Hill in the Twitter post . "  I do n't have details on exactly what transpired between the station and the artists , but I do support artists standing by their beliefs , and walking with integrity . " Hill also had some remarks for the music industry , saying , "  We have to find a better way to commercially exploit music , while giving artists their proper respect . This can not be done while taking their contributions for granted , or trying to control the scope of their growth and power through threats and fear tactics . " This past weekend , Hill performed at NYC 's Highline Ballroom for a one-night-only show . See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Nicki Minaj was told not to perform at Summer Jam by YMCMB label chief Lil Wayne Lauryn Hill performed with Nas and took the stage in her absence "  I do support artists standing by their beliefs , and walking with integrity , " Hill said on Twitter
CNN  -- Pope Francis announced on Monday that Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II will become saints on April 27 , 2014 . This is the first time that two popes will be canonized at the same time . While John Paul II is considered conservative and John XXIII progressive , each extended his hands to the global community . By canonizing two internationally respected religious icons who were quite different from each other , Pope Francis is once again showing the path toward tolerance and civility that is the basis of our collective humanity . The first Jesuit to ascend to the papacy , Pope Francis recently told La CiviltÃ Cattolica , the Italian Jesuit journal , that too many people have become obsessed with gays , abortion and contraception . His vision of a more inclusive faith that does not discriminate against anyone is a conviction in which I believe the vast majority of Rhode Islanders and Americans share . Pope Francis , by his actions and words , demonstrates that he is determined to eliminate the scourge of prejudice in our society and to renew our civic purpose as a people . For too long , religious extremism has prevailed at the expense of our common human ties . In certain circles in America and countries around the world , there are those people who try to demean others as lesser based on their social standing , skin color or the person they love . This pope can help transcend the culture wars of the past . While I have forcefully maintained the separation of our public and private lives over the course of my career in politics , Pope Francis ' papacy offers an unprecedented opportunity for a partnership that wipes out poverty and fulfills a wealth of public policy goals . Since taking the helm of the Vatican , Pope Francis has rededicated the pontificate to the causes of economic justice , equality and peace . In visits to poverty-stricken communities , he has praised the courage of the poor , urging society to receive them with love and understanding . During a trip to the recession-ravaged capital of Sardinia , where he wore a helmet alongside coal miners , Pope Francis criticized the "  idolatry of money , " a corporate economy that has erased jobs and increased the gap between the wealthy and the poor . "  Where there is no work , there is no dignity , " he said . In addition to being perhaps the most populist pope in our history , this pope is free of dogma against minorities , thus , providing a platform for all working families . On the international stage , Pope Francis has advocated for diplomacy amid the recent tensions in the Middle East . As the humanitarian crisis in Syria escalated and an ominous conflict loomed , he passionately preached a course of peace . The Pope has encouraged our youth -- the next generation -- to empower themselves with compassion and hope instead of clinging to a vicious cycle of animosity and violence . Rather than narrowly tailoring his message along anti-minority lines , Pope Francis ' spiritual doctrine seems to be informed by a commitment to embrace all of humanity . As governor of a state that is home to many Catholics as well as a diverse group of believers and nonbelievers , these are the values shared in many corners of Rhode Island , where we recently celebrated the 350th anniversary of our founding charter -- the first among the American colonies to protect religious liberty . Mapping a modern papacy for the Millennial age , Pope Francis has charted a bold new direction for the future of religion . With an enormous heart and acute intellect , he is poised to be a trailblazing leader who reaches far beyond any one individual religious community . Already , Pope Francis is a shining example of the civil society that we aspire to be in Rhode Island and across our country . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lincoln D. Chafee .	Pope Francis announced that two former popes will be canonized in April 2014 Lincoln Chafee : Once again , Pope Francis is showing the path toward tolerance He says Francis 's papacy offers a chance for us to fight poverty and renew civics Chafee : Francis is a shining example for people of Rhode Island and rest of U.S.
CNN  -- A Scottish cardinal who had earlier challenged allegations of sexual impropriety -- claims that once again shined an international spotlight on alleged sexual abuse involving Roman Catholic clergy -- reversed course Sunday and apologized . "  I wish to take this opportunity to admit that there have been times that my sexual conduct has fallen below the standards expected of me as a priest , archbishop and cardinal , " Cardinal Keith O'Brien said in a statement . Until days ago , O'Brien was the archbishop of St. Andrews and Edinburgh . He has been dogged by allegations he abused four men studying to be priests in the 1980s . "  In recent days certain allegations which have been made against me have become public . Initially , their anonymous and non-specific nature led me to contest them , " O'Brien said . "  To those I have offended , I apologize and ask forgiveness . " O'Brien , 74 , also apologized to "  the Catholic Church and people of Scotland . " He did not explain exactly what "  conduct " he was referring to . O'Brien told Pope Benedict XVI in November that he would resign effective his upcoming birthday , on March 17 . But Benedict decided to make the resignation effective immediately in light of the pope 's imminent resignation , the Scottish Catholic Media Office said . According to his biography on his archdiocese 's website , O'Brien asked to step down in light of his "  approaching ... 75th birthday  and  health concerns . " Meanwhile , he had been thrust into the ongoing story about sexual abuse in the church after the British newspaper The Observer reported that three priests and one former priest , as long as 30 years ago , had accused O'Brien . The Observer did not recount the details of the claims or identify the men but said one of the priests alleged "  the cardinal developed an inappropriate relationship with him . " The Scottish Catholic Media Office said then that O'Brien contested the claims and was "  taking legal advice . " The same office released O'Brien 's new statement on Sunday . Born in Northern Ireland , O'Brien moved to Scotland as a child , graduating in 1959 from the University of Edinburgh . Ordained as a priest six years later at age 29 , he later held various positions -- including as a math and science teacher , as well as rector and spiritual director -- at schools in Scotland , in addition to working as a priest . He was named archbishop in 1985 and became a cardinal 18 years later . Cardinal Roger Mahony of Los Angeles , meanwhile , is facing fresh attention over what role he may have played in the cover-up of sexual abuse by priests . The Vatican has also been plagued by another scandal in recent days , as Benedict was ending his papacy . Two Italian publications said Benedict , 85 , resigned not because of his advanced age but because of a brewing scandal over the blackmail of gay priests by male prostitutes in Rome . Benedict received a 300-page report in December detailing the possible blackmail , la Repubblica newspaper and the Panorama news weekly reported , citing an unidentified senior Vatican official and dozens of unnamed sources . The Vatican emphatically denied the allegations , with Secretary of State Tarcisio Bertone criticizing a rash of "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories " as the cardinals prepare for their conclave to select a new pope . CNN 's Matt Smith , Laura Smith-Spark , Greg Botelho and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Cardinal Keith O'Brien apologizes and asks forgiveness from those he "  offended " He had previously contested the claims O'Brien has not acknowledged any specific incidents The Observer reported on accusations from priests dating back 30 years
London  CNN  -- An artwork by Barbara Hepworth , one of the most highly regarded sculptors of the 20th century , has been stolen from a park in London , amid what art experts fear is a metal theft "  epidemic . " The bronze sculpture called "  Two Forms  Divided Circle  " stood in Dulwich Park for more than 40 years until it was removed on Monday night . The artwork was insured for Â # 500,000  $ 785,000  but one art expert said it was likely to be sold for scrap for just a few hundred pounds . Two years ago police said they believed that a Henry Moore bronze sculpture "  Reclining Figure , " valued at Â # 3 million , stolen from the late artist 's estate north of London was probably sold for just Â # 1,500 . The crime comes as surging demand for copper , lead and bronze has led to thefts from railway lines , phone lines and even war memorials in Britain . This has led to delays on the rail network , while the theft of cables at a Welsh hospital last week led to the cancellation of 100 operations , including some for cancer treatment . Julian Radcliffe , chairman of the Art Loss Register , which tracks stolen works , said the chance of the Hepworth sculpture being recovered was low . "  The police are putting much effort into this theft , but due to the metal theft epidemic it was probably stolen for its scrap value . " The artwork was unlikely to have been stolen by a collector , Radcliffe said . "  Of 2,000 stolen items recovered in recent years , all but two were taken for financial gain . Any collector would want to publicize that they had an artwork so the idea of someone sitting in a cave surrounded by art is just a figment of novelists ' imagination . " Art lovers were distraught over the theft of the work by Hepworth , who died in a fire at her studio in St. Ives , Cornwall , in 1975 . Simon Wallis , director of the Hepworth Wakefield gallery in northern England , said : "  Barbara Hepworth is one of the greatest artists of the 20th century and appreciation of her work has never been greater . "  Her work is a major part of this country 's cultural heritage and we very much hope the work will be recovered , so that the public can once again enjoy Two Forms  Divided Circle  in its original setting . " UK politicians are facing calls to increase controls on scrap metal dealers to counter thefts during the economic downturn . The price of copper has risen exponentially due to increased demand for raw materials from countries such as China , and now trades at more $ 8,500 per ton . Gold , brass and lead values have also increased by almost 20 % in 2011 .	Bronze artwork by sculptor Barbara Hepworth stolen from park in London Art expert says it was likely sold for scrap for just a few hundred pounds Demand for metals has led to thefts from railways , phone lines and war memorials Politicians are facing calls to increase controls on scrap metal dealers to counter thefts
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council this week will take up a draft resolution proposed by Morocco that calls on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down and transfer power . "  It is primarily a straightforward condemnation of what has transpired , a call upon the government of Syria to adhere to the commitments it made , " U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice told reporters about the draft . She noted that it contains no sanctions nor does it threaten the use of force . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the draft demands the government end the violence , pull back its heavy weaponry from residential areas , allow monitors to operate freely , release political prisoners and allow the news media to operate . "  This is a regime composed of a small minority that is now attacking the majority of Syrians , " she said . "  It is the regime that bears responsibility for the violence . " Nuland said U.S. officials have also seen reports "  of Iran playing a nefarious role inside Syria . " But , she added , "  we are not in a position to confirm the accuracy " of those reports . The proposal comes after the Arab League suspended a mission to monitor whether al-Assad was abiding by an agreement to end the crackdown , which has left thousands of civilians dead . Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby is scheduled Tuesday to deliver the monitoring mission 's findings to the Security Council . He and Qatari Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani will also address reporters . "  A swift reaction by the U.N. Security Council is urgently needed , " said Herman Van Rompuy , president of the European Council . "  I urge all members of the U.N. Security Council to assume their responsibilities in relation to the situation in Syria , and adopt steps long overdue in order to bring an end to the repression in Syria . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Monday called for the council to "  send a clear message of support to the Syrian people : We stand with you . " "  The United States condemns in the strongest possible terms the escalation of the Syrian regime 's violent and brutal attacks on its own people , " Clinton said in a statement . "  The longer the Assad regime continues its attacks on the Syrian people and stands in the way of a peaceful transition , the greater the concern that instability will escalate and spill over throughout the region . " French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe will travel to U.N. headquarters in New York on Tuesday "  in order to persuade the Security Council to fully assume its responsibilities in the face of the increased level of crimes against humanity being perpetrated by the Syrian regime , " according to a statement on France 's U.N. delegation 's website . "  Everything must be done to bring an end to the spiral of violence now resulting from the bloody crackdown that Bashar al-Assad 's regime has been imposing for more than 10 months , " the statement continues , urging other nations to support the Moroccan resolution . "  It 's time for the Security Council to be able to take action in order to help resolve this crisis . " The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  , citing an official source at the Foreign and Expatriates Ministry , reported Tuesday that "  the U.S.-Western hostile statements " are being espoused to "  target Syria and create a different image about the ... Syrian crisis . " "  We wo n't be astonished at the absence of wisdom and reasonability of those statements , " said the source , who was not identified . "  We regret that those statements are still coming from countries accustomed to making the Middle East a field for their foolishness and failing experiments . " Meanwhile , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Russia had proposed its own draft resolution calling for the end to violence by all sides , the rejection of foreign interference in Syria and the start of an international dialogue without conditions , SANA said Monday , citing Japanese NHK Television . "  We are convinced that the Moscow contacts are indispensable in order to immediately cease any violence in Syria , prevent bloodshed and confrontation in the society , and ensure the success of deep democratic transformations in the country in compliance with the aspirations of all Syrians , " the ministry said , according to the state-run Itar-Tass News Agency . Russia said Syrian authorities have agreed to informal talks with opposition representatives in Moscow . "  We are expecting that the opposition will also give their assent in the next days and put the interests of the Syrian people before any other ideas , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . SANA carried two reports quoting Russian officials rejecting foreign interference . One cited a Russian official as complaining that "  the opposition and those supporting it in the west and Arab world " are refusing to engage in dialogue . One of the Syrian reports also cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov as calling on the Security Council "  to study in detail the report of the Arab League Observer Mission on Syria " before discussing the draft resolution the Arab League has presented to the Security Council . Morocco 's draft resolution calls for al-Assad to step down and supports "  full implementation " of the Arab League recommendations on Syria . That would include calling on Syria to form a unity government within two months . Monday 's developments came amid continued heavy fighting between Syrian forces and the rebel Free Syrian Army in suburbs of the capital city of Damascus , where Syrian forces have been battling to take back neighborhoods in Saqba and Maleiha , according to opposition groups . One hundred people were killed Monday , according to the Local Coordination Committees , an opposition group that organizes and documents demonstrations . The deaths include eight children and a woman , the group said . Seventy-six of the deaths were in Homs , 15 in Daraa , six were in the Damascus countryside , two were in Idlib and one in Hasakah , the group said . A resident of Homs said six members of a family -- parents , two boys and two girls -- were found killed Monday in the city 's Karm Al-Zayton neighborhood . A YouTube video showed what appeared to be marks of torture on the bodies . A resident , citing witnesses , told CNN that victims were killed by forces loyal to al-Assad . CNN could not confirm this independently . "  Look at this boy , he was found holding on to his mother , " said a voice on the video . "  Some of his mother 's hair is still in his hand ! ... look at the hair . His mother 's hair is still in his hand . " The woman 's eye had been gouged from its socket . "  This is the work of Assad 's gangs and his so-called reforms , " the voice said . Government forces stormed the town of Rankous , and an explosion shook the town , according to the opposition activist group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Two defectors from the military were killed , dozens of civilians wounded , and some houses were destroyed in the bombardment , the London-based group said . In Idlib , clashes were under way Monday afternoon between military forces and a group of defectors , the observatory said . The group also reported violence in Rastan , Daraa , and other towns and cities across Syria . In Aleppo , lawyers conducted a sit-in at a courthouse , objecting to the killings of Syrians by security members and calling for the release of detainees , the Local Coordination Committees said . In part of Homs , Syrian forces battled to take back a neighborhood from the rebel army and anti-government protesters , according to an opposition activist who asked that his identity be withheld for fear of government reprisal . Casualties littered the streets of the neighborhood , which was under siege , the activist said . On state media , Syria routinely blames violence in the country on "  armed terrorist groups . " Citing Syria 's Interior Ministry , a SANA report claimed that "  competent authorities killed big numbers of terrorists and caught many others " over the past three days . "  The authorities are chasing the terrorists who remain at large , " the report adds . A similar statement , also attributed to the Interior Ministry , read Monday by a host on state television said security forces had "  conducted operations " over the prior three days in several cities , pursuing members of the "  armed terrorist groups that committed the most horrific crimes of killing and kidnapping , and planted landmines and detonated them on streets . " The groups had "  the most advanced weapons , including Israeli and American made weapons , " and Syrian troops were able to kill many of the terrorists and arrest others , the statement said , adding that the pursuit for others was under way . SANA reported that "  six army members , including a colonel , were martyred on Monday by the gunfire of an armed terrorist group while they were in the line of duty " in Daraa . When the group attacked a car carrying military personnel , "  a clash occurred , resulting in the killing and the injury of a number of the terrorists , " the agency said . Another 22 members of the army and law enforcement were taken from hospitals in Tishrin and Homs and buried Monday , SANA reported . "  The martyrs were killed at the hands of the armed terrorist groups while performing their national duty in Damascus countryside , Homs and Idlib . " SANA also reported that an "  armed terrorist group " blew up a gas pipeline . No casualties were reported . In addition , SANA said , another group killed a doctor at Bissan Hospital in Homs . CNN can not independently confirm opposition or government reports of those killed or wounded because access to the country is limited . Syria has seen a sharp increase in violence in recent weeks , with hundreds killed in clashes between government forces , rebels and anti-government protesters . That escalation led the Arab League to suspend its mission Saturday . Ali Erfan , senior adviser to the Arab League 's secretary-general , said observers outside Damascus would be redeployed to the capital . Some will leave the country , while others will remain without conducting missions , he said , adding that he did not know how many would remain . The violence in Syria erupted in Daraa last March , after a number of teenagers and children were arrested for writing political graffiti that opposed the government . The unrest spread into an uprising , part of the "  Arab Spring " taking place in several countries across the the Middle East and North Africa . The United Nations estimated last month that more than 5,000 people have died since March . Opposition groups estimate a higher death toll , with counts near or exceeding 7,000 people . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Arwa Damon , Josh Levs , Yousuf Basil , Joe Sterling , and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : France 's foreign minister will try to persuade the U.N. "  to fully assume its responsibilities " Clinton calls on the U.N. Security Council to show Syrians "  we stand with you " Monday 's death toll reaches 100 , an opposition group says Syria 's Interior Ministry says security forces are conducting operations against terrorists
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama said Tuesday it is disappointing that Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich ignored warnings from Senate Democrats about appointing a successor to his Senate seat . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , right , names Roland Burris to fill President-elect Barack Obama 's Senate seat . On Tuesday , Blagojevich , a Democrat , named former Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to serve the last two years of Obama 's Senate term . Senate Democratic leaders have said they will block the appointment and are urging the governor to step down after his arrest on corruption charges -- a move Obama endorsed . "  Roland Burris is a good man and a fine public servant , but the Senate Democrats made it clear weeks ago that they can not accept an appointment made by a governor who is accused of selling this very Senate seat , " Obama said in a statement . "  I agree with their decision , and it is extremely disappointing that Gov. Blagojevich has chosen to ignore it . " FBI agents arrested Blagojevich on December 9 after federal prosecutors alleged , among other things , that he had tried to sell Obama 's former Senate seat . Blagojevich denies wrongdoing and has ignored calls to resign . Watch Blagojevich appoint Burris " Obama added that the best resolution would be for Blagojevich to resign office and "  allow a lawful and appropriate process of succession to take place . " Burris , 71 , also a Democrat , served Illinois from 1979 to 1992 , first as state comptroller and later as attorney general . Earlier in December , he said that despite the scandal associated with the seat , he wanted the job . Read more about Burris ' personal and political life " He also appeared to support Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan 's efforts to remove Blagojevich from office , calling his alleged actions "  reprehensible . " "  I certainly applaud her actions , " he said of Madigan in a December 13 press conference , according to WBBM . "  Illinois is too important to its 18 million citizens to have a chief executive who is now incapacitated . "  The evidence that 's been presented is pretty appalling , should that come out to be the case of what our governor is attempting to do , " he said , according to WBBM . After Blagojevich 's announcement , Burris asked to be judged on his own merits . "  I have nothing to do with the governor 's problems , " he told CNN . "  I am not tainted by this appointment . " Watch Burris defend himself on CNN 's "  No Bias , No Bull " " Asked whether he thinks Blagojevich should resign , Burris said he has "  no opinion on the governor 's problems . " In a statement released Tuesday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , urged Blagojevich to not make this appointment . "  The governor must put the interests of the people of Illinois and all Americans first by stepping aside now and letting his successor appoint someone who we will seat , " Reid said . Also , Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White said Tuesday that Burris ' appointment will not be certified by his office . But Blagojevich said at a news conference Tuesday that he is confident the U.S. Senate will seat his appointment and asked the media not to visit any of his political troubles on Burris . Watch Anderson Cooper and his panel discuss the appointment " "  This is about Roland Burris , not about the man who appoints him , " he said after announcing his choice . "  Please do n't let the allegations against me taint this good and honest man . " Burris does not have to be formally approved by the Senate . But if there is a question about the appointment , the Senate could reject the appointment and immediately vacate the seat , or vote to seat the senator pending an investigation by the Rules Committee or another body , associate Senate Historian Don Ritchie said . Rep. Bobby Rush , D-Illinois , who appeared at the afternoon news conference , warned senators about blocking Burris from being seated . "  There are no African-Americans in the U.S. Senate . And I do n't think any U.S. senator who 's sitting in the Senate right now wants to go on record to deny one African-American from being seated in the U.S. Senate , " he said . "  I would ask you to not hang or lynch the appointee as you try to castigate the appointer and separate the appointee from the appointer , " Rush said . " Watch Rush comment on the appointment " Rush said he will take that argument to the Congressional Black Caucus as well as U.S. senators -- including Dick Durbin , a Democrat and Illinois ' senior senator . Burris downplayed the importance of race in his appointment . "  I think that certainly is not a major issue , " Burris said regarding race . "  Why those persons will not seat me is a question that they 're going to have to answer , because I have done no wrong . " Many in the Senate maintained that concerns over the appointment had nothing to do with race or Burris ' qualifications . "  The problem is the appointer , not the appointee , " Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois , said Tuesday . "  The governor in this act of defiance is doing more harm than good . " Burris , a principal at Burris & Lebed Consulting in Chicago , would serve the remaining two years of Obama 's Senate term . Burris previously ran and lost bids for the U.S. Senate and governor , losing the gubernatorial nomination once to Blagojevich . Also Tuesday , Burris responded to questions about Blagojevich 's legal troubles . Watch Burris accept the Senate appointment " "  I have no comment on what the governor 's circumstance is , " he said . "  As a former attorney general of the state , I know ... that in this legal process , you 're innocent until you 're proven guilty . " Despite the pressure for him to step aside , Blagojevich said he was required by law to fill the Senate seat . "  The people of Illinois are entitled to have two United States senators represent them in Washington , D.C. . As governor , I am required to make this appointment . If I do n't make this appointment , then the people of Illinois will be deprived of their appropriate voice and vote in the United States Senate , " he said . A spokesman for U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said "  no comment " when asked for reaction to the Burris announcement . Although Blagojevich , 52 , has not commented publicly on the charges , his lawyer Ed Genson said the governor has done nothing wrong and does not intend to step down . It is the sole authority of the Illinois governor to name a successor to serve the remaining two years of Obama 's term . CNN 's Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Burris asks to be judged on his own merits , insists appointment not "  tainted " Earlier this month , Burris called Blagojevich 's actions "  appalling " President-elect criticizes Blagojevich , calls Roland Burris "  a fine public servant " Top Senate Democrat says Blagojevich 's pick will not be seated
WARSAW , Poland  CNN  -- In Poland , it 's polite to bring flowers when you visit someone 's home , so there 's a flower shop on virtually every street corner in Warsaw . Crowds flock to Rynek Starego Miasta , Warsaw 's Old Town Market Place . But the city is now realizing flower power on a bigger scale . There are buds and blooms adding color all over the capital , from the quaint Old Town to the bustling city center to the massive concrete apartment blocks left over from the communist era . It 's Warsaw in bloom , in many ways : A city thriving , growing and blossoming six decades after much of it was destroyed during World War II and almost 20 years after the collapse of the Soviet Union brought many radical economic and social changes . Modern Warsaw is a mix of shiny new skyscrapers , tree-lined boulevards , ornate prewar buildings and somber concrete communist relics . Hamburger joints and pizzerias compete for customers with restaurants offering traditional Polish fare like pierogi . Expensive new cars share the road with crowded buses and trams . Traffic jams frustrate drivers throughout the day . But it 's the older Warsaw -- faithfully restored and full of churches , palaces and parks -- that seems to attract the most visitors . See more photos of Warsaw 's places and people " To get a feel for the city that was known as the Paris of Eastern Europe before World War II , stroll down Nowy Świat Street , lined with restaurants , cafes , bookstores and small shops . It 's part of what 's known as Warsaw 's Królewski Trakt , or Royal Route . On a recent visit , the music of Frederic Chopin wafted down from an open window of one of the elegant apartments occupying the upper floors . The street is also home to a sweet Warsaw tradition . Blikle , one of the city 's best-known confectioners , has been serving up cakes and pastries since 1869 . It 's probably most famous for perfecting the Polish version of the donut : Fist-sized balls of sweet , fragrant yeast dough fried until they 're golden-brown and covered with icing . But it 's what 's inside that gives them their unique taste : A filling of preserves made from pureed rose petals and sugar . They 're best when they 're still warm , when it 's especially hard to eat just one . Bustling Nowy Świat Street flows into elegant Krakowskie Przedmieście Street as you near the Old Town , Stare Miasto . Follow the crowds to the Royal Castle and the column bearing the statue of Poland 's King Zygmunt III , first erected in 1644 . Cobblestone streets lead to the heart of the district : Rynek Starego Miasta , the Old Town Market Place , where visitors are surrounded by picturesque pastel blue , pink and yellow buildings capped by red-shingled roofs and where the mood is as merry as the colors . Sit down for lunch at an outdoor cafe , buy an amber necklace at one of the shops lining the square , have your caricature painted by artists displaying their work , or just feed the pigeons . No matter the activity , it 's a great place to relax and people watch . This historic center of Warsaw -- which Nazi troops almost completely destroyed in 1944 and which was carefully rebuilt after the war -- is designated as a World Heritage site by the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization . "  It is an outstanding example of a near-total reconstruction of a span of history covering the 13th to the 20th century , " UNESCO says . To get away from the crowds , return to the Royal Route and head towards the Aleje Ujazdowskie , a grand boulevard lined with embassies . It 's here that you 'll find the entrances to Warsaw 's Łazienki Park , once the summer residence of Poland 's royalty . Today , it 's almost 200 acres of calm in the middle of the city and the perfect place for a stroll on wide alleyways surrounded by lush green trees and manicured lawns . The serene Pałac na Wyspie , Palace on the Isle , is one of several historic must-see sites in the park . Among the many other pleasures : Watching the playful red squirrels roaming in the grass and taking in the colorful plumage of the peacocks strolling the grounds . Nearby , another Warsaw tradition awaits . For decades , the statue of Frederic Chopin has drawn music lovers and pianists for outdoor concerts of the Polish composer 's works . They 're held each summer underneath the monument as crowds gather in the surrounding rose garden that also serves as an auditorium . But any stroll through Warsaw is also a walk through the city 's tragic history . "  In this spot , the Nazis shot to death 30 Poles , " a stone tablet reads on Nowy Świat Street . There are many such plaques across the capital . Monuments pay tribute to the many thousands killed during the Warsaw Uprising -- a civilian struggle to free the city from German occupation in 1944 . Some of the buildings that survived World War II still have visible bullet holes in their façades . They 're all unforgettable reminders of the city 's painful past and how much it has overcome . "  Fall in love with Warsaw , " the capital invites visitors in a slogan printed on posters all over town . It 's not hard to do . E-mail to a friend	The historic center of Warsaw is designated as a World Heritage site Statue of Frederic Chopin draws music lovers and pianists for outdoor concerts Much of Warsaw was destroyed during World War II , then faithfully restored Poland has been a member of the European Union since 2004
In George Orwell 's 1949 dystopian novel , "  Nineteen Eighty-Four , " the world is engaged in perpetual war , and citizens are under constant surveillance by a totalitarian dictator called Big Brother . That 's , like , grody to the max , dude . In the summer of 1984 , American pop culture was at a neon-hued , hair-teasing , ghostbusting fever pitch . In the latest entry in our Summer List series , we 're taking a look back at what made the summer 30 years ago stand out : from movie soundtracks to athletic feats to a political climate dogged by the specter of nuclear conflict . Politics : ` Morning in America , ' Mondale in mourning The summer of 1984 fell smack dab in the middle of the Ronald Reagan era . With oil prices at a low and interest rates inching upward , the so-called Teflon President seemed virtually assured re-election over Democratic opponent Walter Mondale that November . Americans had been reeling from the loss of 241 Marines after an attack in Beirut , Lebanon , the previous fall , but the swiftly executed invasion of Grenada had reaffirmed the public 's faith in Reagan 's leadership . Mondale attempted to keep images of the fallen soldiers  not to mention potential nuclear attack by unspecified foreign forces  fresh in voters ' minds , but it was no match for the sunny optimism of Reagan 's ad "  America Is Back "  often known as "  Morning In America "  , which depicted house-buying , flag-waving , fully employed Americans going about their business . Mondale managed only to win his home state of Minnesota and the District of Columbia in the election . Music : Private dancing in the dark while doves cry Let 's hear it for the boys . And the girls . And an epic era of movie music . The "  Footloose " soundtrack , packed with powerhouse hits from Deniece Williams , Kenny Loggins and others , reached its apex right at the beginning of summer ' 84 , but still pumped out of poolside boomboxes throughout the season . Cyndi Lauper 's "  Time After Time " and Duran Duran 's "  The Reflex " skipped through the spotlight before the artist formerly and currently known as Prince wrested the top Billboard spot for five consecutive weeks from July to early August with "  When Doves Cry " from his soundtrack album "  Purple Rain . " Ray Parker Jr. blasted onto the Billboard Hot 100 in August with a three-week stint in the top spot for his single "  Ghostbusters , " but who 'd he have to call ? His lawyer , apparently . Huey Lewis eventually sued the artist for $ 5 million , citing similarities between the chart topper and his hit "  I Want a New Drug . " The matter later was settled out of court confidentially . A 20-year-old Courteney Cox swayed onstage with Bruce Springsteen in the video for "  Dancing In the Dark " -- the first single from his smash-hit album "  Born in the U.S.A. " But it was Tina Turner who capped off the season that September with three weeks in the No. 1 spot for "  What 's Love Got to Do With It " from the album "  Private Dancer . " The song was later used as the title for a film of Turner 's life story , and it marked her first Top 10 single since the 1970s -- making her , at 44 , the oldest solo chart-topping female artist to date . Movies : Revenge of the ghostbusting nerd kids It 's easy to wax  on  rhapsodic about the silver screen in the summer of 1984 -- especially if you were an underdog . Bill Murray , Dan Aykroyd , Ernie Hudson and the late Harold Ramis starred as a team of misfit parapsychologists tasked with ridding New York of ghosts and meddlesome gods . The June release of "  Ghostbusters " slimed the competition at the box office , while Harrison Ford took a wild mine ride into second place with "  Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom " after its late May release . A baby-faced Ralph Macchio leg-swept his way into moviegoers ' hearts as "  The Karate Kid " under the tutelage of handyman/martial arts expert Mr. Miyagi  played by Noriyuki "  Pat " Morita  . The Kid stood up to Cobra Kai tyrant Johnny Lawrence , played by William Zabka , who was eternally typecast as the go-to blond bully boy of the era . In "  Revenge of the Nerds , " released in July , Robert Carradine and Anthony Edwards paired up to play academically inclined freshmen who eventually gain social supremacy over the jockish jerks of the Alpha Beta fraternity by joining forces with other outcasts , panty raiders and nose-pickers . "  Gremlins " fed moviegoers ' appetite for cutesy horror , Patrick Swayze 's "  Red Dawn " became the first release to earn a first PG-13 rating for its "  intensity " of violence in a fictional post-communist invasion America , and Tom Hanks threw a "  Bachelor Party " that got a tad out of hand . Prince 's "  Purple Rain " went crazy at the box office and the record stores , while "  The Natural " swung for the fences . The "  Star Trek " franchise found its place among the season 's biggest hits with its third installment , "  The Search for Spock " ; and the nation 's geeks  and probably a jock or two  commenced a collective crush on John Hughes ' red-haired muse Molly Ringwald with her breakout role as Samantha in "  Sixteen Candles . " Olympics : Barefoot , bouncing , Beatrice and bumping into history The XXIII Olympiad in Los Angeles may have been boycotted by the Soviet bloc , but China made a grand return to the Games after its last outing in 1952 , taking home 15 gold medals . Mary Lou Retton  and her iconic bouncy haircut  tumbled her way into history -- and the nation 's heart -- by becoming the first American to win the women 's all-round gold medal in gymnastics . Zola Budd was nearly booed off the track as the barefoot South African runner  competing for Great Britain  collided with American runner Mary Decker during the 3,000-meter run for the gold medal , knocking her to the curb and out of competition . American runner Carl Lewis completed his quest to match Jesse Owens ' record four gold medals in a Games in 1936 , but likely due to controversy over his long jump approach , fell short of the lucrative endorsement goals he 'd set for himself . The televised Games also marked the semi-creepy public reveal of the scope of the "  Beatrice " brand of products , with an omnipresent commercial campaign showing the range of common household food brands manufactured by the billion-dollar processing company . "  We 're Beatrice . You 've known us all along , " the ads said . "  Is that you , Big Brother ? " responded the viewing public . Street style : Floppy , bright and totally tubular Big , loose belts , sky-high hair , workout wear , Swatch watches , neon hues , draped scarves and a surprising return to seersucker defined 1984 summer style . The tail end of the old-school hip-hop era ushered in a new wave helmed by New York-centric artists such as Run-D.M.C . and LL Cool J , and documented in the film "  Graffiti Rock . " The B-Boy culture of break dancing and graffiti art had been popular in Puerto Rican and African-American youth culture since the 1970s , but suddenly , it seemed as if everyone and their suburban cousin was hauling sheets of cardboard out to the sidewalk and practicing their backspins by the mesquite grill . TV : It was 1984 . Summer was all reruns and Olympics , like , fer sure . What are your favorite summer memories , from music to fashion ? Share in the comments on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	Summer of 1984 was a far cry from the dystopian landscape of George Orwell 's novel Neon hues , bodacious hair and breakdance backspins ruled the season In films like "  Ghostbusters " and "  Revenge of the Nerds , " geeks ruled while jerks drooled Prince , Tina Turner and movie soundtracks provided hits for the summer
CNN  -- From a wing of the National Gallery in Trafalgar Square , London , to the provincial capitol building in Toulouse , France to a spa resort in Japan , Denise Scott Brown 's architecture has changed landscapes across the globe . In a partnership spanning more than 40 years , Scott Brown and her husband and partner Robert Venturi both designed iconic buildings and changed attitudes with their theories and books . Their efforts earned a Pritzker Prize -- considered the greatest accolade in architecture -- for Venturi in 1991 . But , although the couple had always worked in partnership , Scott Brown 's name was not included in the prize . Now , 22 years on , a group of young women architects is leading a campaign to retroactively include Scott-Brown on the prize . Their petition has been signed by more than 11,000 people at time of writing , including no fewer than nine Pritzker Prize laureates : Rem Koolhaas  2000  , Wang Shu  2012  , Zaha Hadid  2004  , Richard Meier  1984  , Rafael Moneo  1996  , Renzo Piano  1998  , Jacques Herzog and Pierre de Meuron  2001  and Venturi himself . Venturi , now retired from architecture , wrote : "  Denise Scott Brown is my inspiring and equal partner . " The campaign was inspired by a video message Scott Brown recorded for the Architects ' Journal 's "  Women in Architecture " lunch in London in March in which she raised the idea of an inclusion ceremony to recognize her in the prize . The message was picked up by Harvard graduate architecture students Arielle Assouline-Lichten , 29 and her colleague Caroline James , 30 , who had just revived the school 's Women in Design group . Watch : The woman behind London 's Olympic Aquatic Centre The architect At the age of 81 , Denise Scott Brown is still busy and in demand at architecture events , giving lectures and writing . She has just returned from Mexico where she spoke to 3,000 people at the release of the Spanish edition of her latest book , "  Having Words . " Her lifetime 's work includes not only several iconic buildings , but influential theories of architecture , books and teaching . Her seminal book "  Learning from Las Vegas , " written with Venturi and Steven Izenour and published in 1972 , has been in print ever since and is still a standard text for architecture students . It argues that architects should take greater account of the tastes of ordinary people and move away from large , self-aggrandizing buildings . Scott Brown told CNN that , as a woman , she had felt excluded by the elite of architecture throughout her career . READ MORE : The woman reshaping the world 's skylines "  In the 70s and 80s we thought we were suffering alone , by the 90s I was still having a great deal of trouble and when I said anything it made powerful men very angry . " "  By the 90s , we had to tell them we were not going to suffer in silence . "  I watched the advent of women in my field . Early on , if I went to a conference there would be one woman and one black in a hall with 500 white men . " She added : "  I think what happened to me could still happen , some of the inequities remain . " She said the Pritzker Prize was based on the fallacy that great architecture was the work of a "  single lone male genius " at the expense of collaborative work . "  It was n't just an oversight . They made a conscious decision not to include me , " she said . The campaigners Harvard graduate student Arielle Assouline-Lichten was reading architecture blogs in her living room when she came across Scott Brown 's video message to the Architects ' Journal and responses to it . "  I felt there needed to be a support network to help make it a reality because I believe she deserved equal recognition , " she said . She contacted her colleague Caroline James who had just revived the Harvard Graduate School of Design 's Women in Design group and the pair immediately began working on a change.org petition in March . Now , the Change.org campaign has generated over 11,000 signatures , nine of which are Pritzker winners . Both young women were impressed by Scott Brown as a pioneer female architect and through "  Learning from Las Vegas " , which they had read during their studies . "  She is a legend , " said James , adding that her omission from the prize had been "  institutionalized sexism " . "  Our agenda is about recognizing equal creative participation in the field of architecture , " said James . "  Our interest is not in disrespecting the Pritzker Prize , but drawing attention to joint enterprise . It 's about raising awareness and creating a culture of intent to include not exclude people . " Assouline-Lichten added : "  I would like to see the profession become more egalitarian . It 's important for this generation to speak out and ensure that there is some sort of responsibility by institutions to foster an environment that reflects what we want the profession to be . " READ MORE : Woman conquers world 's tallest peaks The prize The Pritzker Prize , the world 's most prestigious in architecture , is a $ 100,000 award , made every year since 1979 to an architect who has contributed most . In its 35-year history , only two women have won the prize , the first was Zaha Hadid in 2004 . The award is chosen each year by panel of independent jurors . Martha Thorne , executive director of the Pritzker Prize , told CNN by email : "  Those jurors change over the years so this presents us with an unusual situation . "  I will refer this important matter to the current jury at their next meeting . " The jury will next meet on May 29 at the ceremony in Boston , Massachusetts , for the 2013 laureate Toyo Ito .	Architect Denise Scott Brown worked with her husband Robert Venturi for more than 40 years Venturi was awarded the Pritzker Prize in 1991 , but Scott Brown was excluded 22 years on , a petition to recognize Scott Brown has more than 11,000 signatures
CNN  They may just have fled a war zone , but Syrian children on recess at the Zaatari Refugee Camp in Jordan are n't so different from kids elsewhere . Boys run around , wrestle and laugh outside a school comprised of tidy portable buildings on flat , rocky desert . Nearby , girls dressed in pink with bows in their hair hold hands and huddle around a book . Kids are resilient wherever they are . Unfortunately , even with the hardships of living in a camp , these kids are still some of the lucky ones . After all , at least half of Syrian refugee children are n't even in school . Indeed , if Syrian refugees were a country , they would have the lowest rate of educational enrollment in the world . And , without access to quality education , children here are at risk of not having the skills they need as adults . All this means that Syria is facing a lost generation . Why is all this happening ? Because the civil war is destroying Syrian society . The United Nations announced earlier this month that Syrians are now the largest refugee population in the world -- more than 7.5 million Syrians are displaced internally , while another 3.2 million are registered refugees in neighboring countries . That 's nearly half of Syria 's total population . And while Lebanon , Turkey , Jordan , Iraq and Egypt have been remarkably generous hosts , the influx is so large that it 's changing some countries ' demographics , with refugees comprising at least 20 % of Lebanon 's population , 10 % of Jordan 's , and 10 to 20 % of border areas in Turkey , according to the State Department and U.N. Meanwhile , more than 80 % of the refugees reside in urban areas , not camps , and so rely on urban services , placing high demands on schools . All this is leaving education in crisis across the host countries . While each country officially allows Syrian children access to the public education system , barriers remain , including school space shortages , having to learn new languages , transportation , the need for children to work for their family 's survival , and bullying . In addition , many are putting off school in the belief that their return to Syria is imminent . This creates very real risks to the quality of education for both host country nationals and Syrian children . The presence of refugees has meant crowded classrooms and constrained budgets , and it leaves teachers managing students who are at different levels . Continuous investment in these countries ' education systems is therefore important so that the quality of education does n't fall backwards . Sadly , there 's no end in sight for Syria 's civil war . And even when peace is re-established it will take years before many Syrians can return to their homes , given the destroyed infrastructure and residual tensions within society . This is n't unique to the current situation : In protracted refugee crises around the world , the average time until refugees can return home is 17 years , according to the United Nations . The responsibility for providing formal K-12 education for refugees lies primarily with the host governments , some of which are taking loans to cover the deficits . But while much of the international assistance response has so far been humanitarian , responding to urgent needs , what 's needed now is a transition toward development planning , in which longer-term , sustainable solutions for education and other sectors are planned and resourced . This means investing in building capacities of host country governments to provide education to these additional people in the future . Donor funding will dry up over time , and the host governments will need systems to manage the additional children they must educate . Moving forward , host countries and the international aid community should prioritize investment in access to quality education , with additional attention to building infrastructure to expand school spaces , understanding and addressing other barriers to access , developing transportation options , improving data systems , expanding school monitoring and support , and providing teacher training about refugee needs in the classroom . This will also constitute an investment in the longer-term education development needs of the host countries , meaning they 'll benefit , too . The suffering that has taken place in Syria since the civil war started in 2011 has been almost unimaginable . But by investing in the country 's future in this way , the international community can help ensure education is n't another casualty of the war . And perhaps help lay the foundations for a brighter future .	Shelly Culbertson : At least half of Syrian refugee kids not in school Education is in crisis across the host countries , she says
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The nearly 100 children living at an orphanage in Carrefour , Haiti , are hungry and thirsty , and desperately waiting for aid , a member of the orphan 's foundation told CNN on Saturday . All of the buildings of the Good Shepherd Orphanage , about eight miles from the capital of Port-au-Prince , were "  damaged beyond repair , " including the dormitories , said David Zimmer , treasurer for the Good Shepherd Orphanage and Schools Foundation . Zimmer spoke to CNN from Hebron , Kentucky , but said he has been in communication with the head of the orphanage , Pastor Ernst Cassy , who has worked in Carrefour for 40 years . He has also received messages via e-mail from staff in Carrefour , Zimmer said . The news he and his wife have received is heart-wrenching : The roads are impassable , Cassy has run out of food and the well they used to collect drinking water was damaged in Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake . Get the latest developments in Haiti About 40,000 homeless people have sought refuge in the streets . The electricity is out and so is the gas that powered the generators . On the night of the quake , moans and screams pierced the dark . "  If they do n't get food and water there will be unrest like you ca n't believe , " Zimmer said . The Good Shepherd Orphanage is just one of several crippled recently . Reports of pancaked orphanages stretch from Port-au-Prince to the southern coastal town of Jacmel . Are you in Haiti and safe ? Share your photos In the capital on Friday , chaos broke out at the Maison De Lumiere Orphanage after severe shortages of food , water and medicine sparked an outcry , said Mike Maiolo , senior pastor of the volunteers ' home church in Mission Viejo , California . The building sustained heavy damage but no one was killed , he said . Many children who had parents on Tuesday morning , were orphans by that night . A doctor told CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen on Friday that the number of orphans had tripled after the quake . Zimmer said he plans to fly into Port-au-Prince on Tuesday . View or add to CNN 's database of missing persons in Haiti CNN 's Khadijah Rentas and Stan Wilson contributed to this report	Some 100 children at orphanage in Carrefour awaiting aid Orphans have no food , water well damaged Other orphanages crippled Many children who had parents are now orphans
CNN  -- Legendary gossip columnist Liz Smith is confirming the latest buzz : She 's been laid off from the New York Post . Legendary gossip columnist Liz Smith , 86 , has been a fixture of New York tabloids for more than three decades . Confronted with "  economic gales , " New York Post Editor Col Allan said in a letter sent to Smith that the newspaper would not renew her contract , which expires at the end of the month . "  The Post is grateful to have been able to publish Liz Smith 's legendary column for so many years . We wish her the very best for the future , " Allan said in a statement Tuesday . In an interview with CNN affiliate WABC-TV in New York , Smith noted that Friday "  will be the first time in 33 years that there has n't been a Liz Smith column in a New York paper . " "  That hurts my heart . I would hate to see another newspaper fail . ... When I came to New York , there were nine newspapers . I 've worked for seven of them . They just disappear out from under you , " she added . Often referred to as the "  Diva of Dish , " the 86-year-old Smith has been a presence in New York tabloids for more than three decades . She 's written for the New York Post , New York Daily News and Newsday . Smith was also a fixture on local television , appearing on WNBC-TV for more than 10 years . In 2000 , she published a memoir , "  Natural Blonde , " and wrote a nonfiction work in 2005 combining food and gossip , "  Dishing . " Though her titillating and often penetrating look at the New York social scene may be gone from tabloid pages , Smith will continue to publish , writing five times a week for wowOwow.com , an online community created and run by women for women . In an online statement , WowOwow.com co-founder Joni Evans said that Smith will begin posting next week .	For first time in 33 years on Friday , Liz Smith column wo n't be in a New York paper Letter cites "  economic gales " in decision not to renew contract "  We wish her the very best for the future , " says New York Post Editor Col Allan Smith will write five times a week for Web site wowOwow.com
CNN  -- Five members of a family were found slain in their Beason , Illinois , home , authorities said Tuesday , and they urged people in the area to be cautious until the killer is found . Police officers stand patrol outside the Gee household late Monday evening . "  This was a brutal homicide against an entire family and we are determined to identify and arrest those responsible , " Logan County Sheriff Steve Nichols said in a news conference . He said authorities received a 911 call about a possible shooting at the home shortly before 4:30 p.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  Monday . When law enforcement officials arrived , they discovered the five bodies , Nichols said . He identified the dead as Raymond Gee , 46 ; Ruth Gee , 39 ; Justina Constant , 16 ; Dillon Constant , 14 ; and Austin Gee , 11 . One survivor , a 3-year-old girl , is in a hospital in Peoria , Illinois , he said . He did not identify the girl . The sheriff did not release the manner of death , but said autopsies were under way Tuesday . He warned people in the area to be cautious . "  Until we find this person , we would consider this person armed and dangerous , " Nichols said . He did not release any further details , and it was not immediately clear if authorities had identified a suspect . "  Leads have been developed and are being vigorously pursued , " he said , without elaborating . Beason is about 45 miles northeast of Springfield , Illinois . CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	"  This was a brutal homicide against an entire family , " sheriff says One survivor , a 3-year-old girl , hospitalized in Peoria , Illinois Killings occurred in Beason , Illinois , about 45 miles northeast of Springfield The latest on the investigation on tonight 's Nancy Grace , HLN 8pm and 10pm ET
CNN  -- Calling it "  a stark wake-up call to everyone involved in college sports , " the National Collegiate Athletic Association announced a $ 60 million fine against Penn State University on Monday and stripped 14 seasons of football victories from the late head coach Joe Paterno . NCAA President Mark Emmert said the unprecedented fine will be paid over five years to fund programs that serve the victims of child sexual abuse . The NCAA also banned Penn State from postseason play for four years and took away 20 football scholarships a year for four seasons , he said . The sanctions are part of the continued fallout from the child sex abuse scandal involving former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted in late June of 45 of the 48 counts he faced involving 10 young victims . They 're a blow to one of college football 's traditional powers , a two-time national champion . "  No price the NCAA can levy will repair the grievous damage inflicted by Jerry Sandusky on his victims , " Emmert said . "  However , we can make clear that the culture , actions and inactions that allowed them to be victimized will not be tolerated in collegiate athletics . " Read more : Penn State board member resigns over Sandusky scandal Penn State avoided the NCAA 's "  death penalty , " a suspension from play of a year or more . But Ed Ray , the chairman of the NCAA 's executive committee , said the sanctions laid on the school "  should serve as a stark wake-up call to everyone in college sports . " Paterno , who coached at Penn State for 46 years , was fired after Sandusky 's arrest in November . Graham Spanier , the school 's president , was also let go . Two other former university officials face criminal charges in the Sandusky scandal . The Big Ten Conference also acted Monday , ruling that Penn State is ineligible for its conference title football game and that the Nittany Lions ' share of bowl revenues for the next four seasons -- about $ 13 million -- will be donated to charities that "  protect children . " The NCAA action follows an independent investigation led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh , whose report held Paterno and other top Penn State officials responsible for failing to stop the abuse beginning in 1998 . Penn State President Rodney Erickson said the university has accepted the decision and will not appeal . "  I think , for the whole university , what this calls upon us to do is to look at our whole value culture , our whole value set , our value base , " Erickson told CNN . The school will have to ask itself "  what are the most important things in terms of a university , our mission , our educational mission , educational excellence in all of its dimensions , " he said . "  Those conversations are going to go on from the top on down , from the board to my administration to the leadership of all of our various units , and drive those conversations down , " he said . Paterno had been the all-time leader in major college football victories for a coach , with 409 wins . The NCAA 's decision strikes 111 of those from his record , beginning in 1998 -- a move that posthumously bumps him from the top of the list . Photos : Paterno through the years Paterno 's family sharply objected to Freeh 's findings and criticized the NCAA for following the report 's conclusions . "  The sanctions announced by the NCAA today defame the legacy and contributions of a great coach and educator without any input from our family or those who knew him best , " his family said in a statement released Monday . But one prominent advocate for sexual abuse victims objected to the NCAA 's decision to spare Penn State from suspension . The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests said the death penalty would have been "  the most effective deterrent to current and future cover-ups . " "  Vacating wins is a hollow punishment that will be forgotten by the time the next season begins , " the group said . "  Bans from bowl games have been issued in the past because players traded championship rings for tattoos . This is not a punishment that is equal to the horrific crimes that happened at Penn State . " SNAP urged parents and and "  all who care about kids to remain vigilant " about Penn State 's compliance , warning , "  What we 've learned from decades of similar scandals in churches is that agreements like this lack real follow-up . " Emmert defended the punishment in a CNN interview Monday night , saying the sanctions will deliver $ 60 million to aid sex abuse victims . "  That 's 100 times greater than any fine ever levied in the history of the NCAA , " he said . "  We have imposed significant penalties on a competitive end of the football program . The university has been very , very responsive in the openness of providing all of the information about this , and so we feel very comfortable where we are with these penalties . " Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett , meanwhile , called on Penn State to offer assurances "  that no taxpayer dollars will be used to pay the $ 60 million fine imposed on the university today . " University spokesman David La Torre told CNN on Monday that school will not use tax or tuition dollars to pay the fine . A recent university study said the football program had a $ 161.5 million impact on Pennsylvania in 2009 . The football team made a $ 53.2 million profit in 2010 , according to CNN Money . The school made $ 24 million more through general merchandise sales . "  One of the grave dangers stemming from our love of sports is that the sports themselves can become too big to fail , indeed , too big to even challenge , " Emmert said . "  The result can be an erosion of academic values that are replaced by the value of hero worship and winning at all cost . " The postseason ban , which is also unprecedented , could damage the school 's prestige in the eyes of potential recruits and will affect the program 's bottom line through the loss of potential millions from the conference title and bowl games . The penalties also deal an emotional blow to the Penn State community , one fan said . "  By essentially taking away the main pillar of the university , you are almost pulling the university down , " former student Ujas Patel told CNN . He complained of media coverage that fails to point out the good that Paterno , known affectionately by fans as "  JoePa , " achieved through requiring his players to also succeed academically . "  Anybody who 's gone to Penn State , that 's something that really is going to bother people , " he said . Former Penn State running back Matt Hahn said that football will return to the school , "  but I think that there are some things that are bigger priorities than that right now . " Hahn , who played for the Nittany Lions from 2004 through 2007 , said his relationship with Paterno was "  excellent , " and "  he never lied to me . " "  That being said , I do n't really know what went on behind closed doors . I do n't know how much information he did or did not know , " he said . Former Florida State University football coach Bobby Bowden , who now becomes the winningest coach in major college football history , said Monday that he is "  not rejoicing . " "  I really do n't think anybody can until this thing is settled , until those young men have their say so . ... Until then , nobody can be joyful about it , " he told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  What happened , happened . " A lawyer for one of Sandusky 's victims said the NCAA should have heard from his client and others who were abused . "  Throughout the past several weeks , PSU and the NCAA have imposed sanctions and taken what they perceive to be corrective measures , " said Ben Andreozzi , attorney for the person identified as Victim No. 4 in the Sandusky case . "  I am disappointed that no effort was made to consult the victims in this case to ensure that their voices were heard in this process.Â After all , they are the ones who were victimized , not the NCAA or PSU.Â " iReporter : This is an end of an era Emmert said current players will be allowed to transfer to other schools without having to sit out a year , as is normally required , or they can stay and keep their grants , even if they do n't play football . The restrictions mean that starting in 2014 , the school can not have more than 65 players on scholarship , and it can offer only 15 new scholarships each year for four years , beginning with next year 's incoming recruits . "  I knew when I accepted the position that there would be tough times ahead , " new coach Bill O'Brien said in a written statement . "  But I am committed for the long term to Penn State and our student athletes . " On social media , some players wrote they would return next season as a team with a mission . "  PSU vs The World - Day 1 - , " tweeted tight end Garry Gilliam . On Sunday , a 900-pound bronze statue of Paterno was removed from its place outside the 107,000-seat football stadium . Erickson issued a statement saying the statue is being stored in a "  secure location . " Another tribute to Paterno -- the university library that bears his name -- will remain as it is , Erickson said . Photos : Final tributes , Paterno statue removed The statue was removed exactly six months after Paterno died of lung cancer . He died less than three months after he coached his last game . Under Paterno 's tenure as head coach , the Nittany Lions went undefeated five times and finished in the Top 25 national rankings 35 times . The Freeh report found that several Penn State officials concealed evidence that Sandusky had sexually abused minors . Freeh concluded that Paterno could have prevented further sexual abuse had he taken action . Sandusky is expected to be sentenced in September . His legal team has said it will appeal the convictions . Two former university administrators are awaiting trial for their role in the scandal , and more charges are possible as the state 's attorney general investigates what Penn State may have known about Sandusky 's behavior . Read more : Sculptor of Joe Paterno statue questions fate of his work Do you think the NCAA penalties against Penn State were fair ? Share your view with CNN iReport . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The university says it agrees to sanctions and needs to change its culture The fine will be used to help victims of child sexual abuse The Paterno family says the ruling defames the legacy "  of a great coach and educator " The attorney for a sex abuse victim criticizes the process
CNN  Several terror attacks . Deadly counterterrorism raids . And a wave of suspected jihadist arrests from France to Greece to Belgium . European Union officials are scrambling to stop the spread of terrorism and threats , with foreign ministers meeting Monday in Brussels , Belgium , to tackle the issue . "  We start with obviously a discussion on how to counter terrorism , not only in Europe but also in other parts of the world , " said Federica Mogherini , EU high representative for foreign affairs . She said she had just met with Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby "  as the threat is not only the one we faced in Paris , but also spreading in many other parts of the world starting from Muslim countries . "  And we need to strengthen our way of cooperating together , first of all with Arab countries , and then internally . " With new developments sprouting up across Europe , here are the latest : • The hunt is still on for the ringleader behind a terrorist cell targeted in raids last week , Belgium 's justice minister said . The suspected leader and key link between senior ISIS operatives in Syria and the Belgian terrorist cell , Belgian-Moroccan ISIS fighter Abelhamid Abaaoud , is still at large , a senior Belgian counterterrorism official said . Abaaoud 's last known location was believed to be Greece , the official said . • An Algerian national who may have links to Abaaoud was arrested over the weekend in Greece and is being extradited to Belgium . • The man detained by Belgian police after last week 's raid has been identified . His attorney says he is n't a terrorist ; he was just delivering shoes to a friend when he was caught in the wrong place at the wrong time . But investigators believe the man played a key role in the terrorist cell 's plot , the Belgian counterterrorism official said . • Investigators are looking for a man whose DNA was found on a gun magazine used by Amedy Coulibaly , who killed four hostages at a kosher supermarket in Paris . • Sales of counterfeit goods by Charlie Hebdo attacker Cherif Kouachi helped fund the purchase of weapons , a source familiar with the ongoing investigation in France told CNN . Five Belgian nationals have been charged with participation in a terrorist organization in connection with last week 's raid in Verviers , federal prosecutor Eric Van Der Sypt said . The terror cell planned to target police officers , he said . Belgian counterterrorism agencies think the suspected ringleader of the cell is likely Abaaoud , the senior Belgian counterterrorism official said . According to Guy Van Vlierden , a reporter at the Belgian newspaper HLN who tracks Belgian foreign fighters in Syria for the blog "  emmejihad , " Abaaoud is a 27-year-old from the Molenbeek district of Brussels who traveled to Syria in January 2014 and joined ISIS soon afterward . The two gunmen killed in the Verviers raid , Belgians of North African descent from the same Brussels district , were in phone contact with an ISIS ringleader in Greece , who Belgian authorities believe was likely Abaaoud . But Belgian authorities have not ruled out the possibility that an Algerian suspect arrested in Greece over the weekend was the key link between the terror cell and ISIS . That 33-year-old suspect was wanted in Belgium on charges of terrorist activity , Greek police said Monday . Belgium is requesting an extradition . And Greece is n't done yet ; police there say they have made multiple arrests and are looking for more suspects . Other countries are also helping Belgium nab suspected jihadists . French authorities captured two suspects as they were trying to cross from France into Italy , Van Der Sypt said . Four days after police raided a suspected terror cell in Verviers , Belgium , killing two people who authorities said were part of a terrorist cell on the brink of a major attack , we now know the name of the surviving suspect . Marouane El Bali was taken into custody and faces charges of participation in a terrorist organization and possession of explosives with intent to commit a criminal attack , among other charges , said his attorney , Didier De Quévy . But De Quévy said his client was not involved in any terrorism . "  He went to Verviers to see his fiancée and was dropping off a pair of sneakers , " De Quévy said . "  He did not know that these guys were connected to international terrorism . He arrived , he sat down and , the moment he sat down , the policemen starting shooting . He managed to escape by jumping out the window . The other two , however , took their guns and responded and got killed . " Authorities say it was n't just a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time . Investigators believe El Bali played a key role in the terrorist cell 's plot and was a key intermediary between two dead gunmen and a wider network in Brussels , the senior Belgian counterterrorism official said . El Bali is also believed to have fought with ISIS in Syria at some point . There are still concerns that part of the terror cell remains at large in Belgium , and could take revenge for the death of their comrades , the senior counterterrorism official said . Belgian security services suspect around 10 people were involved in the cell , but they do n't know the number for sure and that worries them . Belgian counterterrorism officials believe the cell had ambitious attack plans beyond attacking police , given bomb-making chemicals found in their safe house in Verviers and police uniforms . They also suspect terrorists were plotting multiple attacks . The belief is that the cell has now been disrupted and will take some time to get back on its feet . The wider cell was being monitored for less than two months . Over the last several weeks , Belgian security services started monitoring the Verviers group 24/7 . Why did police move in last week ? One reason , the official said , is that the cell obtained weapons and Belgian police could not continue round-the-clock surveillance indefinitely . Investigators say DNA found in a car used to transport Jewish market attack gunman Coulibaly has been traced to a man who is already in custody in connection with the attacks , according to a source familiar with the ongoing investigation . Investigators are still looking for a person whose DNA was found on a magazine for Coulibaly 's gun . Coulibaly is the gunman who killed four hostages on January 9 at a kosher grocery store in Paris before police killed him . Before the siege , he had proclaimed his allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . The assault happened during three days of terror in France that began with the attack on offices of the Charlie Hebdo satirical newspaper in Paris . In all , 12 people died in the Charlie Hebdo attack on January 7 . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate , claimed responsibility for the Charlie Hebdo shootings . On Monday , CNN affiliate BFMTV reported Charlie Hebdo cartoonist Laurent Sourisseau will succeed editor Stephane Charbonnier , who died in the attack . Although French officials said they thought Cherif Kouachi had given up terror-related activities and moved to end surveillance on him after he began selling counterfeit goods , it turns out the proceeds from those sales were being used to buy weapons , a source familiar with the ongoing investigation in France told CNN . That 's just one of several missteps by intelligence agencies in France being revealed by the investigation into the attacks , the source said . Other failings include a lack of communication and delays in circulating information , according to the source . In one case , a French surveillance agency received an alert about one of the Kouachi brothers ' phones in February 2014 , but it took four months for information to be passed on to the country 's main domestic spy agency , the source said . By then , neither brother was under surveillance , the source said . The surveillance on Cherif Kouachi ended in November 2013 ; the surveillance on Said Kouachi , the older brother , ended in June , sources have told CNN . Also , authorities now say they think both Said and Cherif Kouachi traveled to Yemen in 2011 via Oman , even though Cherif 's passport had been confiscated in 2010 . However , investigators have been unable to find either brother 's name in travel databases , according to the source . CNN 's Phil Black , Ivan Watson and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Official : The suspected ringleader behind the Belgian terror cell remains at large Source : Charlie Hebdo attacker sold counterfeit goods ; proceeds were used for weapons Source : DNA found in car used to transport market gunman traced to a man in custody
