New York  CNN  -- A former New York Police Department officer is in custody and faces hate crime charges in connection to a string of anti-Semitic vandalism in Brooklyn , according to authorities . Michael Setiawan , who resigned from the department in 2007 , was arrested Sunday after anti-Semitic graffiti was discovered Saturday evening in the Borough Park area of Brooklyn . Four buildings and 14 to 15 vehicles were vandalized , according to Sgt. John Buthorn . Police would not detail the specific wording of the messages , but said that the graffiti was anti-Semitic . New York City Councilman David Greenfield , D-Brooklyn , said the phrases were obscene and some swastikas were drawn . Greenfield added that a girls school was vandalized and that some students told their parents they are scared to return . "  This was an extremely brazen and hateful act , " Greenfield told CNN . Setiawan , 36 , is charged with 19 counts each of criminal mischief as a hate crime , aggravated harassment as a hate crime and criminal mischief . It is not clear whether Setiawan has legal representation . CNN 's Sho Wills and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Several buildings and vehicles vandalized with anti-Semitic graffiti , NYPD says Michael Setiawan , 36 , a former officer , has been charged with hate crimes , police say "  This was an extremely brazen and hateful act , " city councilman says
CNN  -- A former Peace Corps volunteer from Connecticut is charged with sexual abuse of several preschool children in South Africa last year . Jesse Osmun , 31 , worked at an AIDS center in Greytown , South Africa , that provided education , food and other services to children between the ages of 3 and 15 , a criminal complaint says . Osmun , while volunteering at the center 's preschool facility , allegedly sexually molested at least five girls under the age of 6 , according to the complaint . The complaint also alleges he engaged in illicit sexual conduct with one of the girls , approximately 5 years old , twice a week for five months . Osmun was confronted by the AIDS center program manager in May 2011 after a preschool teacher alleged that when she observed him in a toy room of the facility with three little girls , Osmun appeared startled and zipped up his pants . The complaint states that one of the children told a school official Osmun had given her candy in exchange for oral sex . Osmun initially denied any illicit activity but "  subsequently admitted that he had touched one of the children under her clothes , " the complaint says . It says Osmun asked to resign from the Peace Corps and returned to the United States on June 2 . An investigation was launched into the sexual allegations , and Osmun was arrested Thursday at his home in Milford , Connecticut , where , the complaint states , "  Osmun began to admit that he molested children  at the preschool  and provide details about the molestation . " He appeared before a federal judge in Bridgeport and was detained . Osmun 's attorney , federal public defender Sarah Merriam , declined to comment . Osmun would face a maximum penalty of 30 years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 if convicted of the charge of traveling outside of the United States to engage in sexual conduct with a minor . "  Mr. Osmun is charged with a shocking breach of the power entrusted to him as a Peace Corps volunteer , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney General Lanny Breuer . "  Allegedly , he repeatedly sexually abused five minor girls under the age of 6 -- horrific crimes . " The Peace Corps issued a statement saying it "  was made aware of the allegations against the former volunteer after Osmun resigned from Peace Corps and departed South Africa . Once notified , the agency immediately contacted the appropriate authorities . "  The Peace Corps will continue to cooperate with American and South African law enforcement authorities , " it said , adding that all Peace Corps volunteers undergo background checks .	Jesse Osmun , 31 , worked at a preschool facility in Greytown , South Africa A criminal complaint alleges he molested at least five girls under the age of 6 He could be sentenced to 30 years in prison if found guilty
CNN  -- It 's a cliche of American presidential politics -- the president we elect is always a reaction to what came before . As in : Nixonian shenanigans eventually gave rise to Jimmy Carter 's self-righteousness . Clintonesque parsing gave way to George W. Bush 's plain speaking . Bush 's plain speaking begat Barack Obama 's lofty speechifying . Oversimplified ? Yes . But true nonetheless . And so we head into 2016  yes , already  and Chris Christie 's ready-made narrative : If Obama is lofty , Christie is down to earth . If Obama was n't tough enough , he 's hard-hitting . If Obama could n't run his complex health care rollout , he 's a strong manager . If Obama was partisan , he 's worked across party lines . In sum : Christie can lead in the precise ways that Obama disappointed . Until a traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge . Then came another stark contrast : the vindictive -- and more important , petty -- Christie culture as opposed to the stature the presidency demands . So far , the New Jersey melodrama looks like the worst side of the Christie ethos . The apparent reprisals against Democratic mayors . The vanity of featuring the Christie family in taxpayer-funded commercials . The environment in which retribution reigned when Christie did not get what he wanted . The arrogance of believing he was deserving of it all , and to hell with the rest of 'em . The grand storyline behind all of this , of course , is the design on the presidency : Christie wanted to be re-elected by such an overwhelming margin that it would launch his national aspirations into the stratosphere . The plan was to get bipartisan support to show his viability as a national candidate . All who stood in the way were official enemies . This is not to say that presidents do n't have enemies . Of course they do . You do n't get elected to any office in this country , much less president of the United States , without accumulating political enemies . But the real question is WHY you consider someone an enemy , and then , how you deal with it . As president , LBJ had always had a bunch , but the enmity -- and payback -- generally came over issues , not self-aggrandizement . It 's Politics 101 : If you want to pass a civil rights bill and you do n't get a "  yes " vote from an opponent who wants a bridge in his state , no bridge . That 's very different from saying if you do n't endorse my candidacy I will shut down your bridge . That 's not politics ; it 's puny payback . And , worse , the impact is felt not only by the opponent , but by his -- and your -- constituents . A bridge way too far . Then consider Bill Clinton , who had plenty of enemies . A former senior Clinton adviser reminds me that "  it became a joke that the best thing to be was Clinton 's enemy . If 99 people in a room were for him , and one was against him , he would spend all his time trying to persuade that one guy he was wrong . And he was always willing to argue the substance . Always . In fact , he enjoyed it . " This is not to turn Clinton and LBJ into saintly role models and Christie into the devil . But it is to say that Christie 's staff shenanigans -- which he says he did not know about -- have raised enormous questions about his temperament and how he would run a White House . In fact , a Monmouth University poll released this week shows that only 44 % of New Jersey voters believe that their governor has the right temperament for the Oval Office . The characterization of Christie and Obama as opposite numbers is accurate in many ways . There 's this : When then-Sen . Joe Lieberman , the Democrat-turned-independent , endorsed Republican Sen. John McCain for the presidency in 2008 -- and became his outspoken travel buddy -- there were calls for retribution after Obama won . So what did Obama do ? He kept Lieberman on as chairman of an important committee . It kept an enemy close , not a bad strategy . Obama is cool and Christie is all drama . And now a line of argument against him as petty and vindictive has been opened up that will become the default narrative . But Christie will be defined as much by how he deals with this episode as the episode itself . No one expects -- or really wants -- Chris Christie to morph into a false version of himself . But how about some elevation -- and some perspective -- that flies way above the traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : On paper , Christie seemed a strong candidate for 2016 She says George Washington Bridge scandal raises questions about his temperament Every major politician has enemies , but issue is how you deal with them , she says Borger : If Christie is perceived as vindictive , that weakens his claim to presidential caliber
CNN  -- Payday lenders are n't the most scrupulous of operations . Preying on the desperation of people who do n't have enough money to make it to their next payday , these lenders dole out short-term loans with exorbitant interest rates , forcing already cash-strapped customers deeper into debt . And while many have tried to reform the payday lending industry , we 're still awaiting the right answer . Ram Palaniappan has a new approach . He wants to solve the problem at its root , by eradicating the payday altogether . According to Palaniappan , the real culprit here is the very concept of the payday . The way he sees it , there 's no reason people who already have done their work should have to wait several days , or even weeks , to get the money they 've rightfully earned . So , in May , Palaniappan launched ActiveHours . The Palo Alto startup , which recently raised $ 4.1 million , makes an app that allows hourly workers to immediately access pay they 've already earned , without having to wait for their employer 's standard pay cycle . What 's more , there are no fees . Instead , ActiveHours makes money on tips , asking users to pay what they want . "  We 're trying to build something that 's completely aligned with the consumer , unlike what people are used to today in typical financial services , where it 's , in some ways , adversarial , " he says . Palaniappan is far from the only entrepreneur who sees opportunity in creating an alternative to the payday loan . LendUp , for instance , has raised $ 64 million to offer loans with lower interest rates that become cheaper over time . ZestFinance , launched by an ex-Googler , is similar . But even these players still rely on fees , both for profit and protection . In this demographic , after all , there tends to be a high rate of delinquency , so even the most upstanding lenders typically account for those losses upfront . But with its no-fee model , ActiveHours is a radical departure . It 's also riskier . The company is betting that when given the choice , its customers -- already struggling financially -- will still pay for the service it provides . "  Some people look at the model and think we 're crazy , " Palaniappan says , "  but we tested it and found the model is sufficient to building a sustainable business . " Unlocking the Money You 've Already Earned This is not Palaniappan 's first financial services company . In 2004 , he launched RushCard , a startup that allowed people without access to a traditional bank account to get their paychecks loaded onto a prepaid ATM card . The goal was to offer the so-called "  under-banked " an alternative to going to Western Union or other check cashing businesses , which take a large cut of every transaction . While Palaniappan was working at RushCard , though , he learned that an employee working in the call center had recently taken a payday loan . He immediately wrote her a personal check and told her to pay it off as soon as possible . "  I did n't want anyone who worked for me to have to use payday loans , " he says . That 's when he realized that there should be an easier way for employees to unlock the money they 'd already earned . When he left RushCard in 2012 after selling it to a private equity firm , he began experimenting with ways to automate such a service . It 's a complex process that requires verifying who an employee is , where he works , how much he 's worked , and what his hourly wage is . Then there 's the equally difficult process of integrating with banks to deposit and withdraw funds from each user 's existing bank account . Palaniappan and several of his RushCard team members spent about a year developing the technology and launched the app publicly in May . Back then , ActiveHours was handling transactions for employees from 100 different employers . Today , it 's 250 employers , including the likes of Best Buy , Starbucks , and even major banks like Wells Fargo and Bank of America . How It Works Employees can sign up for Active Hours on their own , providing their bank account number . They use the app to upload a photo of their electronic time sheets  paper time sheets are n't allowed  . ActiveHours knows which systems are used by most employers , so it uses a photo of the system to verify the timesheet is real and checks the hours logged against past deposits made into the user 's bank account . ActiveHours also uses geolocation to ensure the user was at work when he took the photo . Once a user has been approved , he can see how much money he 's already earned and transfer any percentage of it into his bank account . ActiveHours essentially gives the user a cash advance and deposits it into the user 's account the next day . When payday rolls around , ActiveHours withdraws the same amount from the user 's account . And at the end of it all , users can opt to pay ActiveHours a couple bucks -- or nothing at all . Unusual as that may sound , Palaniappan is n't the only one who believes in the concept . ActiveHours has caught the attention of Ribbit Capital , a financial services investment firm that typically only invests in late stage companies . According to Micky Malka , founder of Ribbit Capital , what Palaniappan and his crew are building is so special , though , the firm was compelled to join ActiveHours ' seed round . "  It 's a very powerful concept , " Malka says . "  As we move into this on-demand economy , your payroll should be the same way . " The Threat of Abuse Still , not everyone is as convinced . According to Adair Morse , assistant professor of finance at UC Berkeley 's Haas School of Business , ActiveHours is a smart idea that 's meeting a very real need for low cost alternatives to payday loans . And yet , she says , ActiveHours may be overly vulnerable to abuse . Although people are only borrowing money they 've already earned , Morse says it 's still possible that when ActiveHours tries to withdraw money from a user 's account on payday , the money will already be gone . Then , there 's the fact that ActiveHours relies on donations , meaning it 's susceptible to what economists call the free rider problem . "  People assume someone else is better able to step up and contribute , " she says . "  This whole idea of donations sounds great , but we 're talking about people who are constrained . They do n't have savings . They have debt . " And , if the donation model does n't work , Morse points out , ActiveHours reserves the right to change its fee structure at any point . But Palaniappan says that , so far , such abuses have not been a major issue . The bigger problem , he says , is convincing people ActiveHours is n't just another payday lender tricking people into a cycle of debt . "  People are n't used to the model , so they think it 's too good to be true , " he says . "  They 're judging us with a standard that 's completely terrible . What we 're doing is not too good to be true . It 's what we 've been living with that 's too bad to be allowed . " Read more from WIRED : What Exactly Is in McDonald 's Famous French Fries ? Why Your Best Thinking Always Seems to Happen in the Shower People Around the World Pose With Everything They Eat in a Day Creepy Photos of Russia 's Crumbling Communist Architecture Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	New service lets workers access pay they 've already earned , before payday Instead of charging fees or interest ActiveHours allows users to pay what they want The service is only available to hourly workers
CNN  -- If you 've bought California nectarines , peaches , plums or pluots lately , even the organic kind , check the label carefully . The Wawona Packing Co. in Cutler , California , announced late last week it 's expanding a voluntary recall of its products . The fruit may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes , a bacterium that can cause listeriosis . This serious infection can give you temporary problems such as a high fever , abdominal pain and diarrhea , headaches , stiffness and nausea . The initial recall covered specific lots of fruit packed from June 1 through July 12 . The company expanded the recall "  as a precautionary step " by five days , to fruit packaged through July 17 , in large part because it has "  yet to identify with scientific certainty the source " of the Listeria monocytogenes at the packaging facility . It 's a national voluntary recall because "  we do not know the locations of the companies or stores that received the products from our direct customers , " according to a company statement . The company 's testing initiated the recall ; scientists found the bacterium on a peach and on two nectarines . How to protect yourself from food poisoning Since the recall , no other products have been packed at the Cutler facility . The facility will stay closed until the source of the contamination has been determined . Wawona said it has brought in experts to help with the investigation , and the company is working closely with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Websites for Trader Joe 's , Kroger , Costco , Whole Foods Market , Ralphs , Food 4 Less and Walmart , which also operates Sam 's Club , initially posted notices about the problem when the first recall went out around July 19 . If you do have the fruit in your fridge , look for a sticker that reads , "  Sweet2Eat . " The fruit may also be labeled Mrs. Smittcamp 's or "  Sweet2Eat Organic . " Throw out the potentially contaminated fruit or take it back to the store for a refund . Whole Foods also recalled some of their made-in-store products that may have been prepared with the fruit . The store recall involved salsas , tarts , prepared salad and cakes . A full list is on FDA.gov . Products packaged after July 18 and fruit packaged outside of that one particular facility in Cutler is not affected by this recall and should be safe to eat . For people with compromised immune systems , listeriosis could be a fatal infection . Children and the elderly are particularly vulnerable to severe reactions to the bacterium , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths for women who are pregnant . If you have eaten one of these products , see your doctor immediately . So far , no one has reported getting sick from the fruit . Generally the CDC estimates about 260 deaths and 1,600 people get sick after eating food contaminated with listeriosis . The largest exposure to listeriosis happened in 2011 when people ate cantaloupes contaminated with the bacterium from a farm in Colorado . Nearly three dozen people died after eating the fruit , and an additional 147 people got sick . With that exception , outbreaks have been on the decline since 2001 , according to the CDC . 1 dead , 7 sickened by listeria linked to cheese 22,000 pounds of meat recalled California firm recalls chicken over salmonella fears	Wawona Packing Co. voluntarily recalls fruit packaged from June 1 to July 17 Listeria monocytogenes was found on a peach and two plums Bacterium can cause serious , sometimes fatal , infections
CNN  -- The nominees for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 's class of 2013 have been announced , and for the first time ever fans will get a say in who will be inducted . First-time nominees Rush , Deep Purple , N.W.A. , Public Enemy , Albert King , The Marvelettes and Procol Harum join previously nominated acts Chic , Heart , Donna Summer , Kraftwerk , Joan Jett and the Blackhearts , Randy Newman , Paul Butterfield Blues Band and The Meters . Watch a video of this year 's nominees To be eligible for a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame nomination , artists must have released their work at least 25 years prior to appearing on the ballot . That means this year 's hopefuls released their first single in 1987 or earlier . Blues guitarist Albert King has been eligible since 1987 , while 2013 marks the first year the seminal hip-hop acts N.W.A. and Public Enemy are eligible . From today through December 5 , fans can vote at several sites including Rockhall.com to boost their favorite artists ' chances of making the cut . The top five acts selected by those votes will become part of a special "  fans ' ballot " that will be counted alongside the international voting body of more than 600 artists , historians and industry members . The winners will be revealed in December and the 28th Annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony will be held in Los Angeles at the Nokia Theatre L.A. LIVE on Saturday , April 18 , 2013 . The show will be broadcast on HBO at a later date . Who do you think deserves a place in the hallowed halls of music history ? Share your favorite rock 'n' roll memories at CNN 's iReport , or take it to the comments to tell us which of the 2013 nominees should be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .	Nominees for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame class of 2013 are in The list is varied from rap group N.W.A. to Rush For the first time fans get to vote
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than eight out of 10 Americans think Barack Obama will do a good job representing their country to the world , according to a new national poll published as the U.S. president set off on his first overseas trip since taking office . Barack and Michelle Obama wave from Air Force One before their departure for Europe . Obama 's itinerary includes Thursday 's key G-20 meeting in London , followed by a NATO summit on the French-German border and visits to the Czech Republic and Turkey . Seven in 10 people questioned in the CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey , released Tuesday , believe that leaders of other countries respect Obama -- a figure in sharp contrast to predecessor George W. Bush 's poll ratings at the equivalent stage of his presidency . Just 49 percent of Americans believed that foreign leaders respected Bush shortly after he assumed office in 2001 . "  Except for the period following the 9/11 attacks , that number never got any better for Bush , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Even among Republicans , a majority believes that other world leaders respect Obama . " Obama 's popularity in Europe was highlighted last year during a pre-election visit to Germany , France and the UK when hundreds of thousands turned out to hear the then-presidential candidate speak in Berlin . His election success in November was widely celebrated across the continent . But analysts say Obama is now under pressure to deliver on that popularity -- and will be held to higher standards than previous White House incumbents . Watch how Obama-mania gripped Europe " "  If there is a trade war between America and Europe and , as a result , European jobs are lost , that would make Barack Obama unpopular , " British political commentator Peter Kellner told CNN . "  Secondly if there was a sign to return the type of arrogance , as Europeans see it , under George W. Bush and other U.S. presidents that would damage his popularity . " The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted March 12-15 , with 1,019 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	Seven in 10 people believe that leaders of other countries respect Obama Poll findings are in sharp contrast with George W. Bush 's numbers in 2001 Eight in 10 Americans are confident Obama will represent the U.S. well to the world
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- A 52-year-old Nepalese man reached the top of Mount Everest for the 21st time on Wednesday , breaking a record he set last year for the number of ascents of the world 's tallest peak , a tourism official ministry said . Apa Sherpa first climbed Everest in 1990 while helping international expeditions climb the mountain . Since 2008 , he has been climbing Everest as part of an expedition to highlight the effects of climate change and to collect trash on the mountains . He started from Camp IV at an altitude of 7,950 meters with five other climbers on Tuesday night and reached on Wednesday morning , according to Asian Trekking , which organized the expedition . Sherpa is the climbing leader of the expedition , which collects trash such as oxygen cylinders , tent poles , tents and other mountaineering equipment from the mountain .	Apa Sherpa first climbed Mount Everest in 1990 He has been climbing Everest as part of an expedition The group highlights the effects of climate change
CNN  -- Nadya Suleman , the single mother of newborn octuplets , is using the Internet to help support her family of 14 children . She 's started a Web site seeking donations . Nadya Suleman , a single mother of 14 children , has set up a Web site asking for donations . The Web site features pictures of a rainbow , child 's blocks and all eight of Suleman 's newborns . Also prominently displayed on the Web site is a prompt for visitors to make a donation , noting that the "  proud mother of 14 " accepts Visa , MasterCard , American Express , Discover and PayPal . Suleman , 33 , had the octuplets through fertility treatments , despite already having six young children and no clear source of income . In recent television interviews , Suleman has rejected suggestions that she might not be able to care adequately for all 14 of her children . "  I 'm providing myself to my children , " Nadya Suleman told NBC in her first interview . "  I 'm loving them unconditionally , accepting them unconditionally , everything I do . I 'll stop my life for them and be present with them and hold them and be with them . And how many parents do that ? " Watch report on who is paying the bills for the octuplets " Suleman said she plans to go back to college to pursue a degree in counseling , NBC reported . She also said all 14 children have the same biological father , a sperm donor whom she described as a friend . Joann Killeen , a spokeswoman for Suleman , has told CNN that she is being deluged with media offers , but disputed any suggestions that Suleman may have had a monetary incentive for having so many children . Killeen , told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that Suleman "  has no plans on being a welfare mom and really wants to look at every opportunity that she can to make sure she can provide financially for the 14 children she 's responsible for now . " Suleman 's publicist did say that Suleman gets $ 490 every month in food stamps .	Nadya Suleman has created Web site to solicit donations to help support 14 kids Suleman , a mother of six , recently had octuplets Suleman has rejected notions that she would not be able to care for children
Guangzhou , China  CNN  -- It was 2 a.m. on a stormy summer morning . As the thunder rumbled in the sky , we were led out of a sprawling terminal building through a narrow side door and down a staircase into the pouring rain . A waiting bus quickly filled up with soaked passengers dragging carry-on luggage . After a short ride across the dark tarmac followed by another storm-battered trek , we finally entered the freezing cabin of an Airbus 330 jetliner . Smiling China Southern Airlines flight attendants welcomed us on board , greeting us as if we were excited vacationers about to take off for our dream destination , instead of frustrated , tired and grumpy passengers . As we settled into our randomly assigned new seats , things turned eerily quiet . Half of the plane -- the original passengers booked onto the airline 's 8 p.m. flight -- seemed to have long fallen asleep during their agonizing wait , while the other half -- those of us re-booked from a canceled 7 p.m. flight and moved onto this one -- were too exhausted to make a sound . The arrival of a second busload of drenched passengers was followed by a lengthy , silent wait on board -- with no updates from the cockpit . It was almost 3 a.m. when the pilot announced our impending departure thanks to improving weather . Our plane finally roared into the starless skies at 3:08 a.m. -- more than eight hours after the scheduled departure time printed on my air ticket . Hopeful start All signs pointed to a smooth journey when I checked in for flight CZ3547 to Shanghai on a recent Tuesday evening at the bustling Baiyun International Airport in Guangzhou , a southern Chinese metropolis long known as Canton in the West due to its former spelling -- which also explains the airport code CAN . Keenly aware of the country 's notorious flight delays , I kept checking a popular flight-tracking app geared toward air travelers in China installed on my phone . Its information echoed that of the check-in agent : inbound aircraft had already arrived and weather conditions looked good at both origin and destination airports . More promisingly , the app 's algorithm put the probability of an on-time departure at 90 % -- "  What a lucky break , " I thought , for a flight whose average delay had been 108 minutes in the past month . Looking forward to a late night reunion with old friends over street snacks in Shanghai after an easy two-hour hop , I arrived at Gate B231 shortly before the 6:20 p.m. boarding time . Across the tarmac in the distance , a cluster of tower cranes dominated the horizon . An even bigger new terminal is under construction and slated to open in 2016 at China 's second-busiest airport , which saw more than 50 million fliers pass through its existing terminal last year . Massive growth Decades of breakneck economic development have brought exponential commercial aviation growth , quickly propelling China to the No. 2 position in the global flight market , trailing only the United States . But all the shiny terminals and airplanes aside , China 's reputation among frequent fliers continues to sink thanks to the country 's abysmal on-time performance , with the busiest hubs in Beijing , Shanghai and -- to a lesser degree -- Guangzhou often competing for the title of the world 's most delayed airport . Meanwhile , nothing happened as our scheduled boarding time came and went . As our 7 p.m. departure time approached , some passengers started gathering around the counter to inquire about the flight status -- and only then did we hear the most dreaded of all Chinese airport phrases : "  air traffic restrictions . " It 's an all-purpose , vague term that can mean anything from bad weather to radar malfunctions , which may lead to less efficient aircraft movements ordered by China 's already overly cautious controllers . Lately , however , it 's apparently meant only one thing : military drills . Military priority The Chinese air force controls the vast majority of the country 's increasingly crowded airspace , leaving only narrow corridors for commercial airliners to take off , land and navigate -- and even those passages can be closed with little advance warning when the military conducts exercises . Hundreds of flights to and from eastern China -- including Shanghai -- were canceled or severely delayed for days in late July during a wave of air drills . Amid a huge public backlash , the military declared an early end to its exercises while blaming summer thunderstorms for most of the flight disruptions . Back at my gate , an hour passed when ground staff mumbled something to a few passengers near the counter -- and just like that , boarding commenced . By 8:15 p.m. everyone had been seated on the aircraft . Stretching my legs from the coveted exit row seat , I secretly congratulated myself for taking a slightly delayed flight that could still overcome its historically dismal performance . My hopes were dashed within minutes . Soon after I promised a flight attendant I 'd help her evacuate the plane in the event of an emergency , the purser broke the bad news over the public address system : Everyone has to deplane as the pilot failed to obtain a departure slot due to continuing air traffic restrictions . Amid much grumbling and groaning , we returned to the gate area where the monitor still showed an "  on time " departure . By now my flight-tracking app had warned me of delays for my flight as well as the next -- also last -- China Southern flight to Shanghai with no estimated new departure times . As the busy terminal slowly turned empty and shops began to close , our two gate agents -- speaking little English -- remained clueless about the flight status , much to the chagrin of non-Chinese passengers on the flight , who appeared to be at a total loss . Take two Tensions were somewhat deflated when the agents started handing out food . A bottle of water , a pack of digestive crackers and a can of "  eight-treasure porridge " bought the agents some peace and quiet as frustrated passengers ate and drank . Boarding started abruptly at 10:20 p.m. and completed swiftly for the second time . I sensed a collective sigh of relief as the airplane started taxiing -- but it soon stopped and the wait resumed . As we sat on the tarmac , the cabin staff sounded less optimistic about the flight leaving the airport . Then , lightning flashed and rain started falling . An hour after we boarded the plane for the second time , the pilot finally broke his total silence : "  Ladies and gentlemen , we are going back to the gate because of weather . " The cabin exploded with expletives , while my app alerted me about the cancellation of the flight . Back in the deserted terminal , the only airline representative around explained that the last China Southern flight to Shanghai -- though badly delayed -- still had a chance of taking off and the carrier could accommodate all passengers wishing to continue their travel on that flight . "  You 're such a liar ! " yelled a man in a black T-shirt , pointing his finger at the agent . "  Where 's your conscience ? Look at all the kids and elderly stranded here ! " Pounding the counter with his hand , another middle-aged man wearing glasses and a blue shirt demanded financial compensation . When the agent refused , the man barked : "  You call your boss now ! Call him in front of all of us now ! " In between his outbursts , the man also chastised fellow travelers for not answering his battle cry : "  How do you expect to be compensated without banding together and making a scene ? Each of us is entitled to at least 200 yuan  $ 32  ! " Irate passengers The mutiny of our flight was relatively subdued by Chinese standards . In recent years state media has recorded numerous dramatic incidents involving irate passengers after flight delays or cancellations , ranging from blocking moving aircraft on an active runway to fistfights with airport employees . Surprisingly , in the name of preserving "  social harmony , " Chinese police often turn a blind eye to such egregious behavior that would certainly land the offenders in jail in many other countries . As the man with glasses carried on with his fight , he continued to express his disappointment at the onlookers : "  You guys are too weak to defend your rights ! " Most of us "  weaklings " simply wanted to fly to Shanghai as soon as possible . When several agents eventually arrived after rebooking us on CZ3595 , the final Shanghai-bound flight of the day and our last hope , we took the new boarding passes -- and walked past the "  fighters " and into the rain . At the break of dawn , we landed at Shanghai 's Hongqiao airport and , as promised , checked luggage from our canceled flight promptly appeared on the conveyer belt . Moving past the long line at the taxi stand outside the terminal without a single cab in sight , I walked straight to the subway station as the first train pulled in at 5:35 a.m. "  Maybe I can grab some delicious soupy dumplings for breakfast with a few friends before they head to work , " I thought as the train raced downtown .	CNN producer on board domestic flight in China that took off eight hours late Air travel has grown rapidly in world 's most populous country But China has an abysmal on-time performance record Chinese air force controls the vast majority of the country 's increasingly crowded airspace
Mashable   -- Be honest : has Facebook chat ever been your favorite form of instant messaging ? For many of us , Gchat , Skype or even AIM are our preferred defaults . Now , a new gimmick is making us like Facebook 's built-in chat function a whole lot more . As demonstrated in the photo above , you can make the profile pictures of Facebook users and pages show up inside your chat windows . Here 's how : 1 . Start chatting with someone  pretty simple  . 2 . When you 'd like to refer to a mutual friend or , say , Coca Cola , you dump their profile id  either their name or a string of numbers for those users who have n't claimed their choice URL  into double brackets . So , that would be -LSB- -LSB- cocacola -RSB- -RSB- for a picture of Coke , -LSB- -LSB- zuck -RSB- -RSB- for Mark Zuckerberg and -LSB- -LSB- mashable -RSB- -RSB- for the logo of where your learned about this new feature , and so on . 3 . Amaze everyone on Facebook chat with this cool new gimmick . What do you think , will inserting your friend 's faces bring the end of the emoticon era , or will the Internet forever be dominated by the :  face ? -LSB- Via Geekosystem -RSB- © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook chat gimmick lets you insert faces of friends , others A pair of double brackets around a profile ID name or number makes it happen
CNN  -- At least one in six people worldwide does n't have access to clean water , and this contributes to about 1.5 million preventable deaths each year , according to the United Nations . Doc Hendley , a top 10 CNN Hero in 2009 , is trying to help change that . Through his nonprofit , Wine to Water , the former bartender from North Carolina has helped provide clean water to more than 150,000 people in 15 countries . Wine-tasting events are one way Hendley and his group raise the funds that enable them to distribute water filters and help install wells in communities around the world . And next month , bartenders from 16 countries will be donating their tips to the cause . For World Water Day , CNN 's Meghan Dunn sat down with Hendley to talk about the crisis and his recent efforts to help some of the 3.6 million people displaced by the Syrian conflict . CNN : What should people know about the water crisis ? Doc Hendley : It takes many women and children four and five hours , every single day , just to get water . And then it 's absolutely filthy , and it 's making their children sick . Diarrhea kills more children under 5 than AIDS , malaria and measles combined . And 88 % of  those  deaths are caused by poor sanitation , unsafe drinking water and poor hygiene . A lot of people ask me , "  If this water crisis is so bad , how come we have n't heard much about it ? " Well , here in the West , we help support things that we can empathize with . We know what it 's like to lose a loved one to a disease like cancer . We understand what it means to need a good , solid education for a child . So  those causes  get a lot of the spotlight . But it 's hard for us to empathize with the water crisis . We wash our cars ; we water our lawn . We just ca n't imagine what it 's like to not have access to water . CNN : Why did you start working on this issue ? Hendley : I began raising funds to support the fight against the global water crisis back in 2004 , and I had an opportunity to live in Darfur , Sudan , during the height of the genocide there . My job was to  work in  refugee camps and get them access to water . When I first started witnessing these women and children and the effort they would go through for a cup of water , and then to see actually the water that they were providing to their kids -- when you see that firsthand , you ca n't help but be changed . When I came home , it 's all I could think about . I dreamed about it . So I decided this is what I want to do with my life . CNN Heroes changed everything for Wine to Water and for me . When I was  honored  back in 2009 , it had taken us five years to reach about 25,000 people in four different countries around the world . Now we 're in 15 different countries around the world . Syria is our latest one we just added . CNN : Why did you get involved in the situation in Syria ? Hendley : Right now in Syria , every single day , thousands of people are fleeing their homes because of this fighting ... going to an unknown future , with no resources . In these  displacement  camps , a lot of the men have either been killed or they 're all fighting , so it 's mostly populated by children and women . The vast majority is children . And as you know , a lot of these kids ' systems are very weak , and they 're drinking filthy water . My first thought was , "  Let 's see if we can get some water filters into these camps . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Another big reason for me was that the first country I worked in , Sudan , was a predominantly Muslim country , and I 've really felt a connection with the Muslim world ever since . I really wanted to get out there and reach out , to show that we want to help in any way we can . CNN : What are you doing to help ? Hendley : We created a partnership with Zakat  a U.S.-based Muslim charity  , and right now we 're actively working in two camps in the northwestern region , near border areas between Syria and Turkey . I was able to  go  inside some of these camps , inside Syria , just a couple months ago . The living conditions , they 're terrible . On that trip , I was able to bring about 350 filters with me . Until we can get each household to have their own water filter , which is the ultimate goal , we have a couple of distribution areas where people can come with their buckets of water and run  it  through a number of filters in order to clean it . When it 's not an emergency situation , we can go into an area and teach them , using their local resources , how to build their own water filter . But in a war zone , like what 's going on in Syria , we just need to get a clean water fix immediately . Syria is the very first location that we 're using these Sawyer filters . We 're really excited about them . If they 're used properly , they will last 10 years and filter 250 gallons of water every day . We have another partnership with an organization called Stop Hunger Now that 's going to be also sending meals over to Syria . So we 're packaging a container with about 250,000 meals , and then we 'll also be packaging 1,000 water filters in that , so there 'll be about 1,350 filters altogether in these two camps . And this 'll be just the first of many shipments , hopefully . If we can get the support of more people back home , we 'll be able to send over a lot more filters . CNN : How can people help Wine to Water with this issue ? Hendley : We have a really cool campaign going on right now where people can actually get involved from all over the world to help support our work . It 's called Just One Shift . The whole concept is , bartenders from around the world are going to unite together and give up the tips from one of their shifts during one week  April 8-14  to support our efforts with Wine to Water . We 've already had bartenders in 16 different countries sign up . You can go to our website , and we have a link for Just One Shift where you can click and see if there 's a  participating  bar in your hometown and what night the bartender is giving up their shift . So you can go and have some drinks and know that all the tips that you 're giving that night are going to be donated back to us at Wine to Water . And that will allow us to be able to bring more of these water filters into the displaced persons camps all throughout Syria . The service industry crowd , the bartenders out there , they 're all people that love to build relationships , that love to talk about what 's going on in the world and how can we fix it . With this Just One Shift campaign , bartenders around the world are going to prove that we can change the world . CNN : You visited Syria in December , and you 're going back again next month . Do you ever worry about the risk ? Hendley : Going inside Syria reminds me a lot of my time  in Sudan  . When I was younger , I was a little more reckless ; I did n't have as much to lose . Now I have a wife and two kids , and so I do find myself thinking , "  Is this work really worth risking my life over ? " You know , when you see these families get to access clean water , it makes the answer pretty easy : Of course it 's worth it . A lot of people think because the number is so big , what can one person really do ? It 's just too overwhelming . But if you think , "  I could help one other person or five other people or one village , " you can make a huge difference .	Doc Hendley , a top 10 CNN Hero in 2009 , has expanded his Wine to Water initiative His nonprofit has helped provide clean water to people in 15 countries , including Syria Worldwide , at least one in six people does not have access to clean water Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  The latest Charlie Hebdo cartoon , produced after last week 's horrific attacks on the Paris magazine 's offices , literally adds insult to injury . Admittedly a portrait in mixed messages , the cover reads "  All is forgiven " above a drawing of the Prophet Mohammed , who is holding a "  Je suis Charlie " sign . Who , exactly , is supposed to be doing the forgiving and who must be forgiven is not clear . Zineb El Rhazoui , a writer with Charlie Hebdo , said the cover means the magazine 's journalists were forgiving the extremists for the killings . But the cover could also be interpreted as Mohammed saying he forgives the cartoonists in a way the terrorists , obviously , did not . But the cartoons are somewhat irrelevant . As Middle East analyst Juan Cole has argued , they were just an excuse for Islamic zealots to further widen and exploit the perceived gulf between Islam and "  the West . " Cole writes , "  Al Qaeda wants to mentally colonize French Muslims , but faces a wall of disinterest . But if it can get non-Muslim French to be beastly to ethnic Muslims on the grounds that they are Muslims , it can start creating a common political identity around grievance against discrimination . " Enter the cartoons . This is why it is baffling that political voices around the world , especially conservatives , have argued that we must show our support for Charlie Hebdo and free speech by reprinting the magazine 's offensive cartoons . Remember , this is a publication few outside France had heard of before it was targeted and even fewer had read -- and arguably one that many would have taken offense at in a different context . In fact , in a line of thinking best articulated by New York Times columnist and CNN contributor Ross Douthat , the violent reaction to Charlie Hebdo 's offensive cartoons not only justifies but also somehow demands that we not only continue but also ramp up that offense as a form of protest . "  If a large enough group of someones is willing to kill you for saying something , then it 's something that almost certainly needs to be said , " wrote Douthat . In other words , the violent reaction to something offensive not only retroactively justifies the offense in the first place but valorizes its rationale going forward ? Some have indeed argued that because some radical Islamists resort to violence it justifies not only broad offenses and smears of the entire religion but also thinking of such smears against Islam as different from those directed at Judaism or Christianity . This ignores , for example , mass murderer Anders Breivik , who left a 1,500 page manifesto proclaiming himself "  100 % a Christian " and advancing his vision of a "  monocultural Christian Europe . " In 2011 , Breivik killed 77 people in Norway . Does that attack justify blasphemy against Christianity and make it incumbent on all of us to increase such blasphemy as a form of protest ? The likely response -- that violence inspired by Christianity or Judaism is somehow an exception while violence inspired by Islam is a rule -- i s merely a way of justifying in hindsight and in perpetuity smears against a group one has already decided to hate . As Adam Shatz at the London Review of Books has noted , right-wing fascists in France and Europe more broadly share an organizing principle with jihadists : "  that there is an apocalyptic war between Europe and Islam . " Blanket incriminations of the whole of Islam based on the acts of zealots help feed the premise . So do cartoons that blaspheme the Prophet Mohammed . Though it 's perverse to demand all Muslims apologize or account for the acts of radicals within their faith , since the Paris attacks such demands have been made and plenty of moderate Muslims have spoken out . And yet perhaps part of the reason we do n't hear enough from these voices is that they simply do n't fit the narrative fueled by the zealots in Islam and "  the West " and happily covered by the apocalypse-loving media . This would also explain why the media and "  the West " are still fixated on the slaying of 17 people in France and paying infinitely less attention to as many as 2,000 people killed in Nigeria by Boko Haram . It falls outside the "  us versus them " frame -- and is further evidence that , as protesters in the United States have been asserting , black lives simply are n't treated as though they matter . I unequivocally and unconditionally support the right to free speech . Unfettered free speech is essential to any democratic and pluralistic society . So I support the right of Charlie Hebdo to print the most outlandish , offensive cartoons it can come up with . And , to give another example , I support the free speech rights of French comedian Dieudonné M'bala M'bala -- even though I personally find his anti-Semitic jokes even more offensive and sick than any of the Charlie Hebdo cartoons I 've seen . Still , I do n't think M'bala M'bala should be facing prosecution by the French government for his speech , as he has apparently 38 times . Curiously , I do n't see those rallying supposedly in support of free speech protesting M'bala M'bala 's repeated prosecution . At the same time , many of those supposedly proclaiming support for free speech are shaming and smearing media outlets that choose not to reprint the Charlie Hebdo drawings . The fascist right-wing and fundamentalist Islamists want the same thing : to convince Muslims and "  the West " that there is an inherent divide between the two . The question for the rest of us -- the ones who have free speech -- is whether we feed the apocalyptic narrative or fight it . A few fanatical Islamists have horrifically and unimaginably offended the world . That 's no excuse for anyone to go on offending all Muslims . To do so only helps advance the terrorists ' goal .	Sally Kohn : When violence used to silence free speech , some argue to ramp up cartoons She says media does n't urge this over Christian violence , thus feeding jihadist view : Islam vs. West Kohn : Those of us with free speech should n't use it to help justify Islamists ' apocalyptic narrative
CNN  -- Add REO Speedwagon to the list of musical acts canceling SeaWorld shows because of the documentary "  Blackfish . " "  Due to concerns regarding our February 16 appearance at SeaWorld , we have chosen to cancel the performance , " the rock band said on its Facebook page on Friday . A promoter could put together a great concert series with the acts who have canceled SeaWorld shows in the past several weeks , including Trisha Yearwood , Willie Nelson , Cheap Trick , Heart and Barenaked Ladies . The acts bailed on the Orlando theme park 's "  Bands , BBQ and Brew " concert series amid pressure from fans who started online petitions , tweeted and posted on Facebook pages demanding they not play SeaWorld . The fans became upset after watching the CNN documentary "  Blackfish , " which first aired on CNN in October . The film tells the story of the killing in 2010 of a SeaWorld trainer by an orca . It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity . "  In light of recent concerns , Trisha has decided to remove the February 22 date from her upcoming tour plans , " Yearwood 's representative told CNN on Thursday . SeaWorld confirmed the REO Speedwagon withdrawal on Friday and referred CNN to its previous statements about the cancellations . "  We expect that other artists will be targeted in this campaign , " SeaWorld spokesman Nick Gollattscheck told CNN in consecutive statements Wednesday and Thursday , starting with Cheap Trick 's cancellation . Joan Jett to SeaWorld : Stop rockin ' the whales The park 's six-week concert schedule -- which also previously listed Martina McBride , 38 Special , Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery -- has disappeared from SeaWorld 's website . It now simply promises "  incredible concerts with top artists in classic rock and country music . " SeaWorld is working to book replacement acts , Gollattscheck said . "  We 'll announce the full lineup of bands when all artists have been confirmed . We 'll repost the schedule on our site then . " ` Blackfish ' sparks debate over taking kids to animal parks The Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies was the first to cancel , reacting to a petition posted on Change.org . "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said on its Facebook page . "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " Willie Nelson said on December 6 when he canceled . "  It was n't that hard a deal for me . " Sisters Nancy and Ann Wilson of Heart did not elaborate last week when they announced their decision to cancel at SeaWorld , although they acknowledged it was "  due to the controversial documentary film . " "  We 're disappointed a small group of misinformed individuals was able to deny fans what would have been great concerts at SeaWorld , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld said it would like the musical artists to learn for themselves about SeaWorld . "  The bands and artists have a standing invitation to visit any of our parks to see firsthand or to speak to any of our animal experts to learn for themselves how we care for animals and how little truth there is to the allegations made by animal extremist groups opposed to the zoological display of marine mammals , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research . Fimmaker : Why I made ` Blackfish '	REO Speedwagon was booked to play SeaWorld Orlando on February 16 The rock band cites "  concerns " for decision to cancel Trisha Yearwood , Willie Nelson , Cheap Trick , others already canceled Online campaign by fans asks acts to ditch SeaWorld in wake of "  Blackfish " film
CNN  -- It 's logical -- especially when it has the support of Capt. Kirk and Mr. Spock . Residents of Earth and other planets have until Monday to weigh in on new names for two of Pluto 's moons , by voting on a website set up by the SETI Institute . Based on those votes , the Northern California scientific research organization will then propose names to the International Astronomical Union , which makes the final call . And the runaway top pick , as of Friday evening , is Vulcan . Roman mythology aficionados may see that as a tribute to the god of fire . But for others -- most notably , for legions of Star Trek fans -- it is better known as the home planet of Spock , the ever rational , ever loyal member of the starship Enterprise . None other than Leonard Nimoy , who played Spock in the long-running Star Trek television series and string of movies , endorsed as "  logical " the idea of naming one of the moons Vulcan . Spock 's former captain has been even more relentless . Kirk -- or more accurately his human facsimile , William Shatner -- started his effort by urging Trekkies to write the SETI Institute to get Vulcan added as an option . "  It apparently made a difference as they now have added it as an official name , " Shatner wrote on his Facebook page on February 13 . "  Is n't that wonderful . " Since being added as one of 21 alternatives -- and with the help of regular online proddings by Shatner , urging fans to vote Vulcan -- Spock 's home has rocketed up the official online vote tally . It had about 140,000 votes by 6:30 p.m. ET Friday , far ahead of its next two closest competitors , Cerberus and Styx , both of which had about 80,000 votes each . There 's not much time for them to catch up , as the balloting ends at noon on February 25 . But the second-place finisher has a nice consolation prize , since the SETI Institute will be proposing two names . Whatever happens , the moons that until now were only known as P4 and P5 are already lavishing in unprecedented attention -- as evidenced by the volume of votes and the shout-outs from sci-fi legends like Shatner and Nimoy . Earthlings did n't even know about the two orbiting spheres until 2011 and 2012 , thanks to images from the Hubble Space Telescope . Naming one of Pluto 's moons Vulcan is n't entirely out there . As the SETI Institute notes , Pluto 's moons have long been derived from terms from Greek and Roman mythology and stories about Hades and the Underworld . Hence the inclusion of contenders such as Acheron and Sisyphus . That said , Spock and his fellow Vulcans could use a new home . In a 2009 Star Trek film , after all , Vulcan was obliterated by a villain named Nero . Absent another such calamity , though , Vulcan may once again be circulating in the heavens . That would give it a timelessness beyond the two hours or so of any such Star Trek film , allowing the beloved sci-fi franchise 's fans to rest easy knowing that Vulcan itself might "  live long and prosper " for centuries , if not eons to come . More space and science news from CNN Light Years CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The SETI Institute sets up an online vote to name two of Pluto 's moons It will use the vote in proposing names to the International Astronomical Union Vulcan -- the Roman god of fire and home planet of Spock , of Star Trek fame -- is winning William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy have urged Trekkies to vote for the Vulcan name
CNN  -- Here 's a 21st-century art object if ever there was one : a Japanese film by a French-Vietnamese writer-director based on a 1987 international best-seller named after a 1965 Beatles ' song about Scandinavian pine . Well , that 's not all the song is about . According to John Lennon , it was conceived as a deliberately opaque reference to an extramarital flirtation  he did n't want his wife to know about it  that went nowhere . The narrator sleeps in the bath , then torches the place in the morning . Tran Anh Hung 's lovely but overly languorous film of the acclaimed Haruki Murakami novel catches at the sexual longing and consternation that both the book and Lennon 's song evoke : the tantalizing co-mingling of desire , mixed signals and cross purposes that can derail a tentative relationship . Tran  who also wrote the screenplay  follows Murakami 's slender plotline with respect bordering on devotion , but fails to find a correlative to the complex , overlapping perspectives that allow the novel to live in both the present and the past -- to enter into the mindset of adolescent angst , and to contemplate it from afar . Instead the film flails between too many lengthy , numb exchanges and a handful of spectacular but histrionic set pieces . Toru Watanabe  Ken ` ichi Matsuyama  is a freshman at Tokyo University in the late 1960s . He 's largely impervious to the political upheaval going on around him , still struggling to come to terms with the sudden suicide of his best friend , Kizuki , on his 17th birthday . In their grief , Watanabe and Kizuki 's girlfriend , Naoko  Rinko Kikuchi of "  Babel "  , spend many hours consoling each other , and on her 20th birthday they finally sleep together . The next day , Naoko quits school and retires to a sanatorium , leaving the confused Watanabe to muddle his way through classes . While he and Naoko correspond in long , intimate letters , Watanabe takes up with another girl  or should I say , she takes up with him ?  . Midori  Kiko Mizuhara  is as self-confident and assertive as Naoko is vulnerable and timid . Watanabe , meanwhile , is a distinctly passive and bewildered protagonist , unsure of what he wants or what his obligations might be to the broken , suicidal Naoko . The performances are credible enough , but neither the passive , vacillating Watanabe nor the neurotic , grief-stricken Naoko are easy figures to identify with , and it 's hard to understand why so many women keep throwing themselves at Matsuyama 's clay feet . Only Mizuhara 's assertive Midori offers any energy , and she 's sidelined for much of the movie . While the movie has moments to savor and artistry to spare , these elements do n't cohere into a satisfying whole . Tran does n't speak Japanese , but in other respects he 's well-suited to Murakami 's world . A Vietnamese brought up and educated in France , best known for "  The Scent of Green Papaya " and "  The Vertical Ray of the Sun , " Tran is a cinematic aesthete , very much attuned to melancholy and introspection . "  Norwegian Wood " features a tumescent score by Radiohead 's Jonny Greenwood and stunning cinematography by the Taiwanese Mark Lee Ping-bin  "  In the Mood for Love "  . It 's so gorgeous to look at that spectators are in danger of swooning in their seats . It 's rather irritating that the characters prefer to wallow in misery than admire the natural beauty all around them -- including each other , of course . And that 's the trouble . The film feels like a fetish object ; almost a series of screen prints , it 's a beautiful illustration of the text , but somehow the text itself is lost in translation .	Critic : Director follows Haruki Murakami 's slender plot with respect bordering on devotion Protagonist is passive and bewildered , unsure of what he wants , Tom Charity says He says movie has moments to savor , but these elements do n't cohere into satisfying whole
CNN  -- Late goals from Brazilian duo David Luiz and Ramires gave Chelsea a 2-0 home win over Manchester City in the English Premier League on Sunday . A 78th-minute header from January signing Luiz and a fine solo effort by Ramires in time added on meant the London club moved into third place above City , a point clear having played one less match . The English champions are now four points behind second-placed Arsenal and nine adrift of league leaders Manchester United , who beat Bolton 1-0 on Saturday . City , hoping to reach for the European Champions League for the first time next season , are four points ahead of fifth-placed Tottenham -- but Roberto Mancini 's team have played one more game than the team who pipped them to the final qualifying position last season . Ten-man United extend English lead The result was a deserved one for Chelsea , who dominated a lackluster City side missing injured captain and top scorer Carlos Tevez . After a frustrating goalless first half , the home side came alive after the break and defender Luiz netted the crucial opener with just 12 minutes of play remaining with a header from substitute Didier Drogba 's well-flighted set-piece . The 23-year-old Luiz , who has looked a bargain buy since joining from Portugal 's Benfica in a $ 35 million deal , won the free-kick after some nimble footwork . Drogba had come on to replace $ 80 million striker Fernando Torres , who has now yet to score after seven appearances for his new club . Chelsea looked to be home and dry after Luiz 's goal , but Ramires made sure as he waltzed into the penalty area and fired an impressive strike past City goalkeeper Joe Hart in the dying seconds . Earlier , City 's best attempt at goal came from Yaya Toure , but his shot was easily blocked by Peter Cech , and the Ivory Coast midfielder was later replaced by striker Mario Balotelli after suffering an injury . In the day 's other match , sixth-placed Liverpool kept their hopes of playing European football next season alive with victory by the same score away to 10-man Sunderland . Holland striker Dirk Kuyt gave Liverpool a first-half lead from the penalty spot , as Sunderland 's Ghana defender John Mensah fouled Jay Spearing in the box just after half an hour . The referee had initially awarded a free-kick for the incident but changed his mind after consultation with the linesman , much to the anger of the home players and fans . The Reds ' second goal came in the 77th minute courtesy of Uruguay forward Luis Suarez , who found the net from an impossible angle . Mensah was shown a straight red for pulling back Suarez six minutes later , leaving the Black Cats a man down for the remainder of the game . With Liverpool having been knocked out of the Europa League on Thursday , the win gave Kenny Dalglish 's team hope of catching Tottenham to secure a berth for next season . Champions League quarterfinalists Tottenham have a four-point buffer , and have played 29 games to Liverpool 's 30 . A run of seven games without a win has left Sunderland in ninth position with eight games remaining , having been as high as sixth earlier this season . Meanwhile , Rangers won the Scottish League Cup for the 27th time with a 2-1 victory over Glasgow rivals Celtic after extra-time on Sunday . Croatian striker Nikica Jelavic scored the winner in the 98th minute , while Celtic 's Honduras defender Emilio Izaguirre was sent off at the end .	Chelsea leapfrog Manchester City in the EPL after a 2-0 win over Northern side Late goals from David Luiz and Ramires secure victory for the Blues at Stamford Bridge Result puts Chelsea up to third , nine points behind leaders Manchester United Liverpool win 2-0 at 10-man Sunderland and remain in sixth place in the table
Charleston , West Virginia  CNN  -- Independent tests commissioned by CNN of water supplies from a hotel and home in southwest West Virginia showed the presence of a chemical after a leak in the area last week , but both samples were within levels believed to be acceptable for consumption . TestAmerica , a private company , conducted the test . Samples taken Tuesday showed the presence of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol -- a substance used in the coal industry -- well below the 1 part per million considered safe to drink . Water in the private residence tested at 0.27 parts per million , or about a fourth of the limit , while water at the hotel tested at .011 parts per million , roughly a hundredth of the limit , according to the testing firm . The hotel had been cleared to resume water use ; the private residence had not . More than half of the 300,000 West Virginians who have n't been able to turn on their faucets since last week now have access to safe water again . Water customers in about 70,000 homes and businesses covering well over half of the people originally affected may now use the water , according to West Virginia American Water . Pregnant West Virginia women told to drink bottled water The problem stemmed from a leak of several thousand gallons of 4-methylcyclohexane methanol from a storage tank belonging to a company called Freedom Industries . That chemical made its way into the Elk River , to a water plant about a mile upstream , and then into the water system . Calls to Freedom Industries for comment were not immediately returned . Residents of nine counties -- including the one that is home to Charleston , West Virginia 's capital and most populated city -- were urged last week not to use their tap water to do anything except flush their toilets . With its strong odor as the telltale sign , officials warned that they could n't say that the water was safe . Living without tap water in West Virginia Opinion : It 's OK , the water 's safe to flush Despite some orders being lifted , residents remain worried . "  The biggest concern is that we do n't know ... I mean , certainly , the water is turned back on , but there 's no guarantee -- is it safe ? Is it safe right now ? Is it safe in the long term ? What is this chemical and what is it going to do ? " asked Crystal Good , a mother of three from Charleston . She spoke to CNN 's The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . "  Today is Martin Luther King 's birthday and he said that if there 's an injustice anywhere , there 's an injustice everywhere , and I feel that there 's an injustice going on in West Virginia and that we do n't know the long-term consequences . "  And this is something that , in my opinion , happened in West Virginia , but affects all of America . There are chemicals that are stored in every town , and every state , everywhere , that it could potentially leak . " Jean Casarez reported from Charleston , West Virginia . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta .	CNN commissioned testing of water at a hotel , private residence Both samples were well below the 1 part per million considered safe to drink More customers can use tap water
CNN  -- A recently built superyacht suggests that at least some wealthy holiday makers are demanding more from their sailing trips than just exotic islands and sun-drenched sea decks . The 74-meter RV Pegaso comes with the usual roster of flat-screen TVs , designer furniture and en-suite bathrooms , but a closer inspection reveals that it also doubles as a fully-fledged floating laboratory . Indeed , Pegaso 's "  RV " designation stands for "  research vessel " , and the boat is equipped with a five-man submarine , a decompression chamber for deep sea diving and a small team of marine biologists . Alex Flemming is the chief executive of the yacht 's managing company , Pegaso Marine . He explains that anyone who charters the yacht can have as much or as little involvement in the research as they like , with the one condition that they always allow a group of scientists to travel with them . Flemming believes demand for boats of this type represent a growing trend within the yachting community , where people are looking for something more than just a hedonistic getaway . "  The historic perception of the superyacht set is the south of France , drinking champagne and having a lovely time , " he said . "  But suddenly people are going : ` Hang on a second . I can go somewhere further afield and be a part of something bigger . ' "  This is about getting the most out of time and also feeling as though they 're doing some good , " he added . According to Sean Dooley of the Ocean Preservation Alliance  OPA  , the boat is owned by an accomplished diver and marine preservationist who wishes to keep his identity private . "  This is his fourth vessel . He 'd already been yachting for 15 years and traveled around the world twice , " claimed Dooley . "  It was at that point he said : ` Let 's do something different . ' " The boat 's original dining area was converted into a lab and fitted with scientific equipment capable of everything from tagging endangered marine life to monitoring water pollution levels . As well as the decompression chamber , the vast array of diving equipment on board RV Pegaso includes a machine that produces high-quality oxygen -- allowing trained guests to dive deeper , longer and safer . One of the biggest draws -- for guests and scientists -- is the five-person submarine on board . Weighing 14 tons , managing company Pegaso Marine claim it 's the world 's only privately owned diver-lockout sub , allowing divers to enter and leave underwater via different chambers and explore depths few others have ventured before . Such experiences can be transforming . Dooley recounts the journey of a guest aboard a similar research vessel in the Socorro Islands , just off Mexico , who helped scientists tag giant manta rays in an effort to track their migration patterns . The vital data was packaged into a video that the guest then presented to the president of Mexico . "  He was able to help conduct important research that will have a lasting impact . And as he kept telling us , this was the best trip he 'd ever had , " said Dooley . But all this worthy enterprise does nothing to distract from the luxury embellishments at hand on RV Pegaso . True to its owner 's vision of combining high-level research with opulence fit for a sultan , guests who are not otherwise tagging hammerhead sharks or monitoring the breeding habits of whales , can enjoy comforts that include an eight-person spa pool , bar , cinema , gym and extensive observation lounge . "  When we do trips with our clients , they still like wonderful meals , they still like massages , they still like the luxury of living aboard a superyacht , " said Dooley . "  But we 've got a whole other layer of richness you just ca n't get from your average superyacht . "	Introducing RV Pegaso , a 73.6 m superyacht boasting a science lab and submarine Marine scientists on board conduct research , from tagging species to monitoring water Part of a growing trend of meaningful expeditions , rather than hedonistic getaways Research vessel includes superyacht comforts such as cinema , spa , helicopter pad
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid plans a first vote Tuesday morning toward renewing unemployment benefits for about 1.3 million Americans who lost them when they expired at the end of December . Democrats and President Barack Obama support the extension -- which had been scheduled for a vote Monday evening but Reid delayed the vote until Tuesday -- while Republicans generally oppose extending those benefits . And with Democrats in control of the Senate and Republicans having a majority in the House , the issue does n't seem to be one that will be easy to resolve . 1 . The check 's not in the mail Roughly 1.3 million long-term unemployed were affected when Congress failed to continue a 2008 recession-era federal law providing nearly a year of benefits , paid for by U.S. taxpayers , that kicked in when state jobless benefits ran out . As Gene Sperling , director of the White House 's National Economic Council told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union . " "  Monday  is actually the day that 1.3 million Americans will go to the mailbox and find that check missing , the check that they rely on to put food on their table . " 2 . New year , old fight Expect a repeat performance of years past when Democrats and Republicans clashed in often dramatic showdowns rife with fiery rhetoric and lengthy filibusters . Democrats argue the program is needed to sustain economic recovery and offer a lifeline to those struggling to keep their head above water financially . Republicans counter the benefits are an economic drain and a disincentive to looking for work . The Congressional Budget Office estimates continuing them for another year will cost about $ 26 billion . Republican leaders say they would consider extending the benefits but insist that the $ 26 billion comes from making cuts elsewhere . Reid said Sunday that the government normally does n't have to make "  offsets " for emergency funding like these benefits and called the Republican demands "  foolishness . " Hillary Clinton encourages extending benefits for jobless 3 . Politics at play The legislative fights will take place against the backdrop of a midterm election year . Democrats are refocusing on issues relating to economic inequality , which is important to their base . Many Republicans , including potential 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , have long insisted that the Great Recession-era extension of emergency federal benefits deter job-hunting and are unnecessary as the economy rebounds and unemployment declines . "  When you allow people to be on unemployment insurance for 99 weeks , you 're causing them to become part of this perpetual unemployed group in our economy , " Paul said on Fox News last month . "  And it really -- while it seems good , it actually does a disservice to the people you 're trying to help . " CNNMoney : Job search : One year and counting 4 . White House wades into the fray The message from the White House on this issue : Bring it on ! In his weekly address over the weekend , President Barack Obama blasted Republicans in Congress who "  went home for the holidays and let that lifeline expire . " "  That 's my New Year 's resolution -- to do everything I can , every single day , to help make 2014 a year in which more of our citizens can earn their own piece of the American Dream , " Obama said in his address . 5 . The honeymoon 's over The tone set by this first political showdown could foreshadow the tenor of future fights over funding the federal government , raising the debt ceiling , efforts to try and repeal or roll back portions of the President 's signature health care law and the long-postponed fight over immigration reform . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	Congress kicks off new year with fight over extending jobless benefits 1.3 million people lost those benefits when Congress failed to act last month Partisan , midterm election year politics will further complicate the debate
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When HIV-positive Winnie Sseruma was invited to speak on the subject at the United Nations in New York last June , she never expected that her condition would prevent her from obtaining a visa . HIV positive Winnie Sseruma was repeatedly questioned before being allowed into the United States . Winnie Sseruma has been living with the disease for over 20 years . Preparing for her trip , UK-based Winnie discovered that the United States was one of 70 countries worldwide that either banned or restricted inbound travel for people with HIV . "  I was told I needed to come to the U.S. embassy for an interview and bring a doctor 's letter stating I was fit to travel , " Sseruma , HIV coordinator for charity Christian Aid , told CNN . "  At first , the embassy told me that the first available appointment for my interview would be at a date past the U.N. High-level Meeting I was meant to attend . " Only when the U.N. intervened on Sseruma 's behalf was she granted an earlier interview date . Sseruma was relieved when she finally received her visa on time . But the hurdles were far from over . At the airport in New York , Sseruma was detained twice for further questioning . "  It was so humiliating , " Sseruma said . "  The immigration officers were asking me very personal questions about my health . " A month after Sseruma 's ordeal , the U.S. Senate passed the re-authorization of President Bush 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  , including an amendment to the ban on travel and immigration for HIV-positive non-citizens . But the United States travel ban still remains in effect , and will continue to be the law until the Department of Health and Human Services  HHS  modifies its regulations . Fifty-eight Members of Congress have sent a letter to the HHS , urging them to take action . Russia also places restrictions on travelers with HIV . Affected visitors are not permitted to stay in the country for more than three months . Anyone applying for a visa for long-term stay must present a certificate stating that they are HIV negative . The Russian embassy 's spokesperson in London told CNN no changes to the ban were currently being considered and declined to comment further . Crusading against these bans is "  Ctrl.Alt.Shift , " a UK-based organization that attempts to engage youth to combat global and social injustices . The organization argues that there is no public health rationale for "  restricting liberty of movement or choice of residence on the grounds of HIV status . " Are these laws outmoded ? What do you think ? Tell us in the Sound Off below . The fight against stigmas associated with HIV and AIDS has been widely adopted by the organization 's young members . Many are joining Ctrl.Alt.Shift 's protests across London . Last week , following two protests at the embassies of Saudi Arabia and South Korea -- both countries ban HIV positive travelers from entering their borders -- the organization launched its third protest in front of the Russian embassy in London . "  The level of proliferation of the HIV virus in countries that do not implement bans on HIV travelers is proof that these bans have no impact whatsoever , except for reinforcing the stigma , " said Neil Boorman , Ctrl.Alt.Shift 's project manager . Boorman told CNN that the bans and restrictions further the spread of the epidemic by driving the issue underground and force people to lie about their health on visa applications . Tinchy Strider , a 22-year-old British rap artist , was also present at the protest . "  I 'm here because many young people are not aware of these issues , but if they knew these bans existed , they would want to do something about it , " Tinchy explained . Eighteen-year-old Sian Anderson agrees . Anderson believes it is bad enough to live with HIV and that these regulations make life "  even harder . " "  Some people are completely not at fault , they might have gotten the virus through blood transfusion and Russia does n't take that into consideration , " Anderson said . "  Science has moved on from the days where HIV was an unknown virus . Now the world needs to move on too , " Sseruma said . "  Stigma remains our biggest challenge . "	Russia is one of 11 countries worldwide that restricts HIV positive visitors The U.S. lifted similar ban last July , but has not yet been implemented Protesters argue that ban forces people to lie about health to gain entry
CNN  -- Yemeni commando forces from elite units are conducting simultaneous raids on al Qaeda hideouts and cells on the outskirts of the capital , Sanaa , a Yemeni government official told CNN on Friday . The raids are part of recent operations to crack down on al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , considered the most dangerous wing of the global terror group , and represents the most intense campaign against it since 2012 , the official said . Yemeni military brigades are also besieging areas around Abyan , Shabwa and Baida provinces , slowly attempting to form a security perimeter around those areas by cutting off main roads and supply routes , according to the official . The official did not provide information about whether another ground operation involving commandos and infantry troops in those areas was imminent . A crackdown began last weekend , resulting in the deaths of more than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen from April 19-21 , Yemeni officials have said . The offensive included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes , a high-level Yemeni government official said . U.S. special operations troops helped during that offensive , in part by flying Yemeni forces to a remote , mountainous spot in southern Yemen , though no Americans took part in combat , a U.S. official said . DNA tests are being conducted to determine if one of the most well-known members of that group -- bomb-maker Ibrahim al-Asiri -- is among the dead , according to Yemeni officials . One of the sites targeted is in the same area where scores of al Qaeda followers had gathered recently to hear from Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the head of the terrorist network 's Yemeni branch and the global organization 's "  crown prince , " the high-level Yemeni official said . A video of that meeting appeared on jihadist websites . In the middle of that video , al-Wuhayshi , appears brazenly in the open , greeting followers in Yemen . One reason why Yemen and the United States partnered in the offensive : Threats from al Qaeda operatives in Yemen increased in recent weeks , U.S. officials told CNN . U.S. authorities blame the Yemen-based branch of al Qaeda for a string of plots against Americans , including the failed attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner with a bomb concealed in an operative 's underwear in 2009 . It is also suspected of being behind another plot involving printer bombs on U.S.-bound cargo jets . Did Yemen , U.S. kill al Qaeda 's chief bomb maker ? CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Official : Raids are part of recent operations to crack down on al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula More than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants killed April 19-21 , Yemeni officials say
NEW YORK  CNN  -- For someone who claims to be incredibly laid back , Jason Mraz is certainly piling up the accomplishments . Jason Mraz was recently honored with a songwriting award for his work , which includes the hit "  I 'm Yours . " The singer-songwriter was the recipient of the Hal David Starlight Award at last week 's Songwriters Hall of Fame inductee ceremony in New York . The honor typically goes to newcomers striking a chord in the music industry . Or , as Mraz puts it , "  I hope it has something to do with their savvy freshness . " Mraz , who turned 32 this week and took his parents to the celebratory dinner at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in Times Square June 18 , says he feels great about the honor . "  I never thought my songs would escape my bedroom , " he said . "  To have the music shared all around the world , and to be acknowledged by communities like this ... it 's inspiring . " Mraz 's 2008 album "  We Sing . We Dance . We Steal Things " has been a runaway success , with more than 2.5 million copies sold worldwide . It also led to three Grammy nominations , including song of the year and best male pop vocal performance for the reggae-inflected hit "  I 'm Yours . " Mraz  whose name reflects his family 's Czech heritage  hits the festival circuit overseas before kicking off his stateside "  Gratitude Café Tour " July 25 . The tour 's quirky title was inspired by a wholesome San Francisco , California , restaurant Mraz loves . A fan of maintaining a diet of predominantly raw foods , Mraz is also a farmer of sorts : He owns an avocado farm in his home city of San Diego , California . He 's also a juggler , a skill Mraz taught himself during the downtime that comes with touring . Watch the multitalented Mraz perform " Mraz shared tales of his avocado farm , as well as what it 's like to get the cold shoulder from Simon Cowell , when he sat down with CNN recently . CNN : So , you live on an avocado farm . What 's that like ? Jason Mraz : It 's fantastic . Anytime you 're harvesting something in your yard -- whether you have a small herb garden or I 've got avocados , and now we have a solar system so we 're also harvesting sun energy , which is great -- for me that 's when I became an environmentalist . I was like , "  Wait a second . This is my environment . This is my piece of the Earth that I 'm responsible for . " Yes , the trees give me avocado and fruit that we sell and we eat tons of , but I feel like I have a role to play back to that , too . So it 's cool . CNN : So if you 're at home , daily how many avocados would you eat ? Mraz : At least two . Sometimes three or four . CNN : So you must have very nice oily skin . Mraz : I do , thank you . It 's the avocado . I just lather it on . CNN : Do you really ? Mraz : I do . Yeah , why not ? I 've got tons of them ! CNN : Do you cook ? Mraz : I prepare . There 's not much cooking in our household . We do a lot of raw food so it 's more about putting the right ingredients together to create something scrumptious . See Mraz 's chocomole recipe CNN : When eating healthy is so important to you , how difficult is that to maintain when you 're traveling around the world so much ? Mraz : Well , I bring tons of backup supplies with me . CNN : How did you like performing on the "  American Idol " final ?  Mraz performed "  I 'm Yours " with contestants Anoop Desai and Alexis Grace . Mraz : I loved it . It was such a great event . And I have compassion for every one of those kids that dares audition . I was n't a contestant . I was just there to sing , and when I saw Simon at the end of that panel I freaked out . I was like , "  What does he think ? " And then I had to stop myself and say "  Dude , you 're not a contestant . " He 's aloof . But I watched during the rest of the night and he did it to all the acts . That 's just his way . CNN : Do you think you could hack it as an "  American Idol " contestant ? Mraz : It is really tough . I watch what those guys do backstage between songs and their weekly schedule is super intense -- to learn new songs , to shoot videos , to learn dance moves and all this . They actually go through a pretty amazing transformation during the course of that show . I just do n't know that I could commit myself to something like that . I 'm a little more laid back . And some days if I ca n't show up to work , I do n't show up to work . And I love that  laughs  . CNN : Were you surprised by the success of "  I 'm Yours " ? Mraz : Very surprised . There 's something simple about it ... like a nursery rhyme . I thought it was so playful . I never expected the world to really grab it and run with it the way they have . CNN : Can you talk me through how you went about writing that song ? Where were you ? What were you doing ? Mraz : I was at home . It was a sunny afternoon . And just as any afternoon where I play music , I was playing on an electric guitar , just chugging around , feeling a little reggae in me you know , and the melody and the words just started to pop out rather quickly and so I recorded it rather quickly . And the whole process only took about a half an hour . CNN : You 're about to go overseas to play various festivals . Is there anywhere you 'll be going for the first time ? Mraz : This year we 're going to explore South America , which I 've visited as a tourist , but I 've never taken my music down there . I hear the crowds turn up in masses , so I really want to see what that 's like . I love getting to bounce around and explore so much . I love Scandinavia . I love Spain . It 's so mystical and romantic , yet it 's gritty . CNN : Do you speak Spanish ? Mraz : No , but I have the Rosetta Stone . I have begun my level one training .	Jason Mraz recently honored with songwriters award "  I 'm Yours " artist amazed at where music has brought him Mraz intimidated by appearance on "  American Idol "
Moscow  CNN  -- Just before Syrian security forces launched a large-scale military operation in the southern town of Daraa in the early hours of April 25 , the commander of the 35th Special Forces Regiment , Brig. Gen. Ramadan Mahmoud Ramadan , allegedly gathered his troops and explained their mission . "  Use heavy shooting . Nobody will ask you to explain , " the brigadier said , according to "  Amjad , " one of the many defectors I have interviewed in the last months . Amjad explained to me that normally the troops were supposed to save bullets , but this time it was different . "  The commander said to use as many bullets as we wanted . " Over the next four days , security forces in Daraa killed around 200 people  Human Rights Watch documented the abuses at the time by interviewing victims and witnesses  and arrested thousands , subjecting many to beatings and torture . Since then , Amjad and more than 60 other defectors from Syria 's military and intelligence agencies have given us crucial information about who was responsible for abuses across the country . They provided consistent accounts of officers giving similar orders to military units all over Syria , at different times . The orders were to stop the protests "  by all means necessary . " In many cases , they said , officers gave orders to fire directly at protesters . The defectors told us that some soldiers reacted by throwing away their weapons and making a run for it . Others aimed above the protesters ' heads or to the ground . But that was dangerous . Eight defectors told us that they saw officers and intelligence agents killing soldiers who disobeyed orders . Others were detained and tortured . We are not publishing the defectors ' names and locations to protect them and their families . All these statements demolish President Bashar al-Assad 's claim that the bloodshed is the result of a few rogue commanders getting overly enthusiastic on crowd control . The defectors ' testimonies paint a horrific picture of a widespread and systematic crackdown against demonstrators : torture , arbitrary arrests and a "  shoot to kill " policy that clearly amount to crimes against humanity . Al-Assad and his allies have sought to portray the protesters as "  armed gangs sponsored from abroad . " In more than nine months of investigations in Syria , we have documented episodes of fighting , and attacks on security forces by armed defectors have increased . But the vast majority of protests that we documented were nonviolent , and the government 's use of force was clearly excessive compared with any threat facing troops . The Syrian leadership has so far gotten away with murder , in part because the Russian government , one of Assad 's staunchest allies , has blocked action on Syria at the U.N. Security Council and continues to supply Syria with arms . The Syrians whom I interviewed were well aware of Russia 's obstructionist position . As Ghassan , a former officer , was serving tea during our interview , he suddenly stopped and looked at me with suspicion . "  I heard you are Russian -- if you say that you support their position on Syria , you wo n't get any tea ! " He was joking , of course , but his anger at Russia was real . Since Russia blocked Security Council action in October , Syrian security forces have killed more than 2,000 people , according to the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , Navi Pillay . Russia 's continued obstruction sends a signal to the Syrian government that it can continue its violent crackdown with impunity . It is difficult to conduct human rights investigations on Syria , since the government has barred most journalists , human rights monitors and even a U.N. commission of inquiry . But it is not impossible . I managed to enter Syria and speak safely with victims there , and we continue to interview witnesses in neighboring countries . We 've spoken to hundreds of Syrians with firsthand knowledge of abuses . And in a report Human Rights Watch released Thursday , we 're naming 74 commanders , from generals to colonels to captains , who allegedly ordered , authorized or condoned the abuses . But responsibility for these crimes does not stop with the commanders on the ground . Under international criminal law , al-Assad , as commander in chief of all forces in Syria , bears responsibility for the most serious crimes committed by his forces -- even if he did not order them -- to the extent that he knew or should have known about the abuses and failed to prevent them . Given the widespread public and international criticism of the abuses , it would be incredible for al-Assad to argue that he did not know . Pillay told the Security Council this week that the death toll in Syria tops 5,000 , including 300 children killed . Amjad 's commander may have told his troops that "  nobody will ask you to explain , " but he was wrong . It 's time for the Security Council to act : to impose an arms embargo on Syria , to apply targeted sanctions to al-Assad and his circle of cronies , and , most important , to refer Syria to the International Criminal Court in The Hague . That is where Ramadan , his fellow commanders and his bosses will have to explain themselves and where their many victims will receive justice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anna Neistat .	Anna Neistat : Defectors say Syrian military told them to use "  heavy shooting " in Daraa attack She says al-Assad must take responsibility for killings , torture reported by defectors She says Russia has helped block Security Council action Neistat : Syria must face arms embargo , sanctions , referral to International Criminal Court
Call him Phil . That 's what most people did . It was "  Phil , " not "  Philip , " and certainly not "  Philip Seymour . "  He used the Seymour because there was already an actor named Philip Hoffman , and union rules prevent two actors from using the same exact name . He did n't stand on ceremony . At the LAByrinth Theater Company , where he was an artistic director  and where his longtime partner , Mimi O'Donnell , has the same post  , he involved himself in fundraising , directing , acting -- whatever it took . "  I 've seen him tear tickets and seat people at LAB productions , " playwright John Patrick Shanley told The New York Times Magazine . Shanley , also involved in LAB , wrote the play "  Doubt , " which featured Hoffman in one of the lead roles . Sources : Philip Seymour Hoffman dead of apparent drug overdose In Atlanta , where he was filming the final two "  Hunger Games " movies , a local remembered an easygoing , gracious man . "  He was really soft spoken and kind , " real estate agent Carter Phillips told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . "  I had this idea that he would be really intense , maybe , but no . I could n't see any turmoil in his eyes . I felt like everything was right on with him . " He liked to work . When he was n't starring in a movie , he was taking a small part . When he was n't making films , he was in theater . If he was n't performing , he would have been a teacher , he told "  Inside the Actor 's Studio " in 2000 . He had memories of times when he was n't acting -- or working -- at all . "  Being unemployed is not good for any actor , no matter how successful you are , " he once said . "  You always remember what it feels like to go to the unemployment office , what it feels like to be fired from all those restaurants . " Camaraderie Acting was his home . He knew it as a 12-year-old watching Arthur Miller 's "  All My Sons " in his hometown of Rochester , New York , he said in a 2010 interview . "  Immediately I knew it was a place I wanted to be , " he said . "  Being around people who were doing that . ... That 's still kind of what makes me feel comfortable . That 's why I 've worked with a lot of the same people over and over again . " Philip Seymour Hoffman 's everyman greatness At the time , Hoffman -- one of four children of a Xerox staffer and a judge who divorced when he was 9 -- was more of an athlete , a three-sport participant . But a neck injury at 14 dashed his sports dreams . Instead , he hit the stage . Of course , it was n't all about greasepaint and cheers , he admitted to The New York Times Magazine . "  There was this beautiful girl . I had a huge crush on her , and she acted , " he said . "  It seemed like something worth giving up baseball for . " But he was good at acting . He passed an audition to a New York state arts program , where he met Bennett Miller , who became a lifelong friend and later directed him in "  Capote " . Later , attending NYU , he took in all the theater world had to offer . "  You 're really part of the city . The theater is all around you , and if you want to rub your shoulders against it , you can , and if you want to try for usher jobs , or internships at working theaters , you can . And I did all that , " he said . His other home was with his family . He met O'Donnell , a costume designer , at LAByrinth . The pair had three children : Tallulah , Willa and Cooper . His children were all younger than 11 . He doted on his children . He was regularly seen with them in his Greenwich Village neighborhood . He brought them to work . He noted they were unimpressed , especially with movies . "  Movies are difficult . ` Why are we in this warehouse ? Why are n't there seats ? Is n't this supposed to be a show ? ' " he recalled them asking . "  I 've taken them and they watch for a bit and it 's like , ` Yeah , great Daddy , that was neat . Now -- can we please go home ? ' " ` That 's what you do ' Still , there was obviously a darkness to Hoffman that came through with his intensity . Describing "  Synecdoche , New York , " to the Times Magazine , he said , "  I 'd finish a scene , walk right off the set , go in the bathroom , close the door and just take some breaths to regain my composure . " Sources : Nearly 50 envelopes of suspected heroin in Hoffman 's apartment In an appreciation , New York magazine film critic David Edelstein recalled how Hoffman seemed to revel in the unpleasant aspects of his characters , something Edelstein noticed in 2005 's "  Capote . " Hoffman apparently fought director Miller -- a friend , mind you -- to make Truman Capote more difficult , not less . "  Ever since then , I 've been conscious of how much he went out of his way to make his characters unbenign , " wrote Edelstein . "  It was central to his power as an actor , though I wonder if at times he did n't confuse self-hatred for integrity . " Hoffman could also be hard on himself , Edelstein added -- and Hoffman , in other interviews , agreed . While making 2010 's "  Jack Goes Boating , " his feature directorial debut , he told an interviewer at the Toronto film festival that he was his own worst critic . "  I was a bad actor in front of me a lot , " he said . "  There were some days when it was real dark . " In recent months , he 'd had his share of challenges . He was up front about his struggle with drug abuse , telling TMZ last year he 'd gone to a rehab facility after falling off the wagon . According to the UK newspaper The Independent , he and O'Donnell had separated last fall after 14 years together . Observers commented that he looked disheveled at the Sundance Film Festival in January , though Vanity Fair 's Krista Smith described him as "  present and engaged . " But if anything was wrong , he kept it to himself . For all his familiarity and politeness , he could be guarded . He left it all on set or on stage . In that 2010 Toronto interview , with a touch of black humor , he talked about how hard it was to keep pushing the boulder up the hill . Why do "  Othello , " he asked . Why put yourself on stage for hours , convinced you 're terrible , and wait for the approval -- or disapproval -- of the audience ? Because that 's what makes it worthwhile , he said . "  That road to death we call life can be just burgers and booze and women and smokes and TV and magazines and really bad arts , and you just go and slide right into the hole , " he said . "  Or you can go , I think I 'd better keep confronting and keep challenging and keep trying to make good stuff and working hard . ... That 's what you do . If you do n't do that , it 's so easy to go to that other place . " On her Facebook page , Jessica Chastain , who co-starred with Hoffman in a 2009 production of "  Othello , " could only quote from that Shakespeare play . "  The poor soul sat sighing by a sycamore tree , Sing all a green willow.Her hand on her bosom , her head on her knee , Sing willow , willow , willow.The fresh streams ran by her , and murmur 'd her moans.Sing willow , willow , willow.Her salt tears fell from her , and soften 'd the stones.Sing willow , willow , willow . "	Philip Seymour Hoffman a private man who gave all in performance Hoffman very active in his work : "  I 've seen him tear tickets , " said colleague Camaraderie of performing important to actor Hoffman died Sunday of a suspected drug overdose
CNN  -- A group of prostitutes has called on the Tunisian government to reopen a brothel in the coastal resort town of Sousse , after a court ruling shut it down more than a year ago . A delegation from the sex workers met with the vice president of the Tunisian Constituent Assembly , Meherzia Labidi , on Tuesday to appeal for her help . They handed over a petition signed by 120 women calling for the brothel to open for business once more , in a meeting filmed by Tunisian radio broadcaster Mosaique FM and shared with CNN Arabic . Labidi , of Tunisia 's Islamist party Ennahda , which holds a majority of seats in the assembly , told the sex workers that deciding whether to reopen the brothel was up to the Ministry of Interior but that she would do what she could to help them . The official , who had her head covered , added , "  But we still have to recognize that any premise where prostitution commonly takes place , here or anywhere else around the world , is a real problem in itself . " A court ordered the brothel to close around November 2012 , after a lawyer argued before a judge on behalf of neighbors in the area . The case came at a time when radical Islamists had launched a campaign in several parts of Tunisia against the licensed brothels . The head of the delegation told Labidi , "  There is no problem . ... We were attacked by the Salafists , radical Islamists , who attacked us and closed the premises by force . " Another woman in the group said that "  the neighbors do not have any problem with us and they already informed us that they would not mind that we reopen the brothel . " Other brothels that were shut down are operating again in the capital , Tunis , and in the city of Sfax , she said . "  We have to go back to our line of work because we are facing major financial catastrophes , " she added . Labidi told Mosaique FM , "  These women are Tunisian and they have rights , and our duty is to serve them . I am ready to listen to everyone on the condition that I have the time and if their demands are possible and can be addressed in such circumstances ; they have the right to be heard by everyone . " Although it is a conservative Muslim country , Tunisia allows prostitution in licensed brothels . Buying sex elsewhere is illegal . The country 's licensed brothels date back almost a century and were first documented during the French colonial period . After independence , the Tunisian government reorganized the sector . Brothels were found in many provinces of the country , especially in areas popular with tourists from the region . Workers at a brothel are normally overseen by a woman and are subject to a regular health check . This is documented and regulated by the Ministry of the Interior , although it does not run the brothels .	Prostitutes hand over a petition appealing for the Sousse brothel to reopen The brothel was closed down by a court order around 16 months ago Veiled official says she will do what she can to help the women sex workers Prostitutes say they 're suffering major financial hardship because they ca n't work
CNN  -- "  Free at last ! Free at last ! Thank God Almighty , I 'm free at last . " I was not yet 4 when the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. spoke those words . It has been 50 years . So much has changed . And yet ... I am not a little girl . I do n't live behind two sets of railroad tracks in the poor black section of town . But I 'm still a mediator . I 'm still an optimist . I still believe in sharing . I still love the garden . So I guess there 's still a little bit of that little girl in me . Our country has changed . It seems almost superfluous to list the progress we 've made when it comes to integration and equality . And yet ... There are incidents -- events -- tone-deaf statements that serve as constant reminders of the inequalities and injustices we must still struggle with . These are often overlooked , or misread , or used as "  red meat " to stir strong partisans with fear and loathing . 5 faces of the March on Washington By "  we " I do n't mean just blacks , or Hispanics , or women -- or any group you care to name . We are in this together . Or should be . Each of us has something to contribute . And each of our groups has something to contribute . But still ... E Pluribus Unum : Out of the many , one . And so I come back to the March on Washington -- the date chosen to coincide with the hundred-year anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation . The struggle for true emancipation -- economic equality , political freedom , societal access , education , the right to vote , etc. -- has been long and arduous . That we have come a long way , we must acknowledge . And the sacrifice of so many who believed America could live up to its promise , we must honor . As tens of thousands of Americans gather in Washington to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the historic 1963 March on Washington , we must embrace the changes that we 've made together . In 1963 , Martin Luther King Jr. said the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence were "  promissory notes " to every future American , but that "  America has given the Negro people a bad check which has come back marked ` insufficient funds . ' But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt . ... So we have come to cash this check -- a check that will give us upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice . " At March on Washington : The anger , fear , love and hope Five years later he again spoke of the "  promissory note , " this time quoting Emma Lazarus : "  We are going to bring the tired , the poor , the huddled masses . We are going to bring those who have known long years of hurt and neglect . " King 's last campaign was the "  Poor People 's Campaign , " because , as he argued in one of his sermons , "  If a man does n't have a job or an income , he has neither life nor liberty nor the possibility for the pursuit of happiness . " I think it 's important to remember that civil rights and economic rights are mutually dependent . I mean this in two ways . First , as King expressed it : "  Oh America , how often have you taken necessities from the masses to give luxuries to the classes . ... God never intended for one group of people to live in superfluous inordinate wealth , while others live in abject deadening poverty . " I want to make sure we understand that not only are race and economics intertwined , but also that economics changes the political equation . For instance , the 1963 March on Washington called for "  a massive federal public works program to provide jobs for all the unemployed " and spoke of the "  twin evils of discrimination and economic deprivation . " The only class MLK ever taught We see this truth played out in the politics of today -- whether the discrimination is against blacks , Hispanics , women , the poor , elderly , LGBT or any other group . We find that political emancipation both requires and demands economic emancipation . And economic emancipation , in turn , depends more and more on educational emancipation . As Lee Sigelman and Susan Welch report in their book , "  Black Americans ' Views of Racial Inequality : The Dream Deferred , " the "  gradual growth of the black middle class , the increase in the number of elected black officials at all levels of government , the growing presence of African-Americans in prominent positions in business and the arts , and the rise in the political and economic prominence of members of other ethnic groups along with women of various races and ethnicities , all have presumably propelled and reinforced the growth of more favorable attitudes toward African-Americans . " A King daughter 's long journey In other words , if we look back on the last 50 years , we have to not just admit , but agree that we have moved closer to the realization of the true American dream , as articulated by King : "  I have a dream that my four children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Tuesday is the 50th anniversary of the historic 1963 March on Washington Donna Brazile : The struggle for true emancipation has been long and arduous She says political emancipation both requires and demands economic emancipation Brazile : In 50 years , we have moved closer to the realization of the true American dream
CNN  -- The January monthly jobs report numbers released by the federal government could at best be described as tepid , adding to an already gloomy picture of the state of the economy for America 's workers . And that 's just the latest cloud in an increasingly dark forecast for the middle class . In New York , the reliably middle-class retailer Loehmann 's is shutting its doors and will be replaced by the high-end store Barneys . Middle-class restaurants such as Red Lobster are struggling while the high-end , artisanal foodie scene is still going strong . General Electric reports that sales for its most expensive appliances are increasing while sales for midrange models are plummeting . Taken as a whole , these developments are about more than our consumption , reflecting the profound economic inequality in America today . Our new economic reality is a final nail in the coffin of conservative economics . Supply-side economics was developed in the 1970s as a direct response to the Keynesian analysis dominant in the decades since the Great Depression . The organizing principle for conservative fiscal policy in the 40 years since , supply-side economics holds that the best way to stimulate economic growth is by lessening obstacles that inhibit people or companies from supplying goods or services . Conservatives supply-siders argue that if we cut taxes and reduce regulations for business and those who own businesses  i.e. , the rich  , they 'll invest more in producing goods and therefore increase employment . Also more supply means lower prices , which conservatives also believe is good for growth . But if it was n't bad enough that decades of supply-side deregulation and tax cuts had created levels of economic inequality not seen in America since the 1920s , as a New York Times report now suggests , not only did supply-side economics fail to spur demand but it reduced and stratified demand to match patterns of inequality more broadly . The top marginal tax rate , which was raised to 79 % at the time of the New Deal and was 91 % under Eisenhower , was cut to 70 % under Nixon , then 50 % under Reagan , then an abysmally low 35 % under George W. Bush . According to supply-side theory , these and other extreme tax cuts for big business and the rich should have led to an extreme flourishing of investment in business , including creating more jobs that would , metaphorically speaking , lift all boats . Instead the rich pocketed much of those tax cuts , adding to their net worth and spending more heavily on luxury goods . The good news is that The New York Times article confirms that consumer demand -- not business-side supply -- is the essential driving force in our economy , with that demand directing how businesses invest in producing goods and services . The bad news is that , thanks to failed supply-side economics , we increasingly have only two kinds of demand in America -- for cheap mass-market goods and for incredibly pricey high-end commodities . Conservative economics did not lift all boats . Middle-class jobs lost in the recession have been disproportionately replaced with low-wage jobs in the recovery . Poverty is on the rise . And yet yacht sales are buoyant . The number and cost of luxury yachts sold in America is steadily rising . And do n't expect those yachts to "  trickle-down " magically and create housing for the millions of Americans who faced foreclosures in the last several years . According to conservative economic theory , increased corporate profits and income for the top 1 % should have translated directly into higher wages for everyone else . But the fact is even though worker productivity is up in America , wages for most people have either stagnated or declined . Ask any conservative thinker or leader to explain this discrepancy . They simply ca n't . Because their entire economic worldview has backfired and hurt the middle class . One might think in the face of overwhelming evidence that their economic theories simply do n't work , conservatives would try something new . Like supporting an increase in the federal minimum wage or temporarily expanding unemployment benefits or investing federal dollars  at currently ridiculously low borrowing rates  to rebuild infrastructure while creating jobs -- all of which puts money in folks ' pockets and spurs demand . Which , in turn , drives up economic growth and increases tax revenue . But no . Leading Republicans still insist that the answer to America 's economic problems is more tax cuts and fewer regulations on business -- in other words , precisely more of what created extreme inequality and stifled economic demand in the first place . Incidentally , consumption as a whole is n't down . In fact , even though average incomes are flat , consumption in general has risen . And yet to the extent that ordinary Americans continue to fuel their consumption with more debt and reduced rates of savings -- and to the extent that structural inequalities in the economy remain unaddressed -- their spending is unsustainable . Meanwhile , a dollar in the hand of a billionaire does n't create the same economic demand as a dollar in the hand of someone else -- because the rich are more likely to save , not spend , their money . So behind the sad , immediate tale of disappointing job growth and the disappearing middle-class market for goods and services is the profoundly unsettling reality that the pursuit of supply-side economics was not only wrong but may have fundamentally broken our economy -- and undermined any potential for diversely driven demand and broadly shared prosperity . Congratulations , conservatives . This may not be the economy you wanted , but it 's the economy your policies have definitely created . No refunds . No exchanges . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : Jobs report for January shows tepid growth She says divide between rich and poor shows failure of supply-side economic theory Tax cuts for wealthy have n't led to a surge in investment , more middle-class jobs , she says Kohn : Spending and saving by the rich flourish , while the 99 % find it harder to thrive
CNN  Each year tech junkies from around the world gather in Las Vegas for International CES , the Consumer Electronics Show where innovators come to show off their latest prototypes , preview products and announce new releases . Although the show is over 40 years old , this year 's event , held from January 6 - 9 , saw some of the most futuristic products ever , from driverless vehicles to a revolutionary battery which , according to its makers , could let you fully charge a cell phone in minutes . Here is some of the coolest tech from the show . 1 . Mercedes-Benz unveiled its driverless vehicle . Although the F 015 Luxury in Motion is just a concept car at the moment , the vehicle shows just how different Mercedes thinks our driving experience will be in the future with an automated driving option and luxury "  mobile living space " interior . "  Quality time in private space will be the true luxury goods in the future , " said Dieter Zetsche , head of Mercedes-Benz cars in his CES keynote speech . 2 . People controlled objects with a wave of the hand . The latest version of Ring , by Logbar , was unveiled at CES 2015 . The cloud control device allows you to do things such as play music from your phone or close curtains using gestures programmed into a smart phone app . The $ 269.99 device was named as a 2015 CES Innovation Awards Honoree in November 2014 . 3 . A robotic arm played beer pong . Empire Robotic 's Versaball is filled with a "  sand like material . " When air is pumped into the ball it softens , molding around an object , and then when air is removed , the green ball hardens and grips objects from bricks to ping pong balls . 4 . People scooted around on intelligent skateboards . The IO Hawk is a "  Intelligent mobility device " which can travel at 6.2 mph . It is powered by batteries and moves in response to pressure from your feet . The $ 1,799.99 device is 4.3 inches high and created a real buzz among the CES crowd . 5 . Toshiba 's unveiled its concept robot , ChihiraAico . ChihiraAico is probably the most realistic robot you 've ever seen , and according to Toshiba will be used in the healthcare industry . The aim was to make a service robot which looked and behaved like a human , but some CES attendees did not find it comforting at all . 6 . A smart belt adjusted itself based on how much people ate . The Emiota Smart Belt keeps track of your overall health using your waist size and will also auto adjust after a big meal to keep you comfortable . The belt , which has not yet hit the market , can also nudge you when you 've been stationary for too long . 7 . Phones were charged in minutes . StoreDot , an Israeli start-up , showed off its super-fast charger , which it claims works up to 100 times faster than others and can be used for phones , tablets , laptops and wearable tech . The technology has n't been proven and is not yet available to consumers , but according to the BBC the product already has backing from Samsung and Russian businessman Roman Abramovich and StoredDot says it has begun working on a product to charge electric vehicles . WATCH : High Fashion Meets High Tech at CES 2015 Worst gadgets of CES 2015 Could virtual traffic lights reduce your commute ?	CES 2015 tech show saw futuristic , far-out innovations Highlights included Mercedes Benz 's driverless car and smart skateboards
CNN  He won the Champions League and is his country 's all-time leading goal scorer , but this is n't a story about a famous footballer rather a man who has almost single-handedly transformed the fortunes of handball in his homeland . France 's Jérôme Fernandez may not be a household name outside his sport , but his achievements on court put even those of his twinkle-toed compatriot Thierry Henry in the shade . With more than 375 international caps and a goal tally for France nearing 1,500 , Fernandez has been a colossus for both country and his various clubs in a career spanning almost two decades . During spells with sides in France  Montpelier and Toulouse  , Spain  Barcelona and CF Ciudad Real  and Germany  THW Kiel  , Fernandez has won numerous club titles , including the Champions League  twice  , the sport 's equivalent of football 's premier European club competition . But it is on the international stage where Fernandez has made his most enduring impact winning three World  2001 , 2009 , 2011  and European  2006 , 2010 , 2014  titles and Olympic gold medals at the last two games in Beijing 2008 and London in 2012 . "  The best memory in my career and for my sport was the Olympics Games in Beijing , because it was a title that changed the view of people in France about handball , " Fernandez told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  Now it 's famous , but before we only saw football or basketball on TV . Now ,  handball  is one of the best sports in France . " When a 20-year-old Fernandez arrived on the international scene in 1997 , France was beginning to emerge as a major force in handball . A bronze medal at the Barcelona Olympics in 1992 was followed by the country 's first World Championship gold medal three years later . The solid foundations were rapidly built on as France assembled a series of world-beating teams which has in turn helped fuel handball 's growing popularity among the French public . Handball might not rival the participation levels of football or tennis -- the former has around two million licensed players in France , the latter just over one million -- but the sport has seen numbers rise steadily in recent years with participation up by almost a third -- France 's Ministry of Sport estimated there were just under half-a-million registered players in 2012 . Played on courts measuring 40 x 20 meters  roughly a quarter larger in size than a basketball court  , handball teams are made up of seven players -- one goalkeeper and six outfield -- with seven substitutes who can replace another player at any time during a game . A match lasts one hour  played in two 30-minute halves  and games are often combative and fast-paced with lots of goals -- around one a minute on average . "  If you want to play a contact sport with team spirit , you must play handball because I think it 's one of the most complete sports in the world , " Fernandez says . "  It 's like rugby or American Football -- it 's very physical but very tactical too . You need to be fit and play collectively as a team . " With sudden changes in tempo and end-to-end action there is much to keep crowds entertained , but it is goals that gets handball crowds going . The jump shot , which sees a player leap before unleashing the ball at speeds up to 125 kph  around 78 mph  , is a spectacular climax to a long , drawn out tactical build-up and Fernandez is one of the game 's greatest exponents , says German handball journalist , Bjorn Pazen . "  He looks a little bit skinny compared to other players but he has the power in his arms and he can jump , " Pazen explains . "  He is famous for jumping over the defence players to score . " At six foot , six inches tall , Fernandez can leap higher than most , but in handball circles , much like basketball , he is no giant -- the sport attracts its fair share of seven-footers , with Latvia 's Dajnis Kristopans currently one of the sport 's biggest attractions . While Fernandez 's prolific goalscoring might grab the headlines , it is his intelligence and leadership that have made the 37-year-old one of the top 10 players of all-time , says Pazen , who has watched the Frenchman 's career develop over the past 14 years . "  Usually you get injured when you get hit really hard but he was always clever enough to make moves that nobody expected . You know , he 's a very intelligent player in a very intelligent team , " he says . "  When he comes in , in crucial matches like finals , everybody knows they can count on him -- he scores the goals or makes the crucial pass so that others can score . He is a leader but he 's also a team player . " It came as no surprise that Fernandez took over as national captain in 2009 and soon led France to their third  his second  world title beating perennial rivals Croatia 24-19 in the final in Zagreb in February that year . "  This was a career highlight ... it was my first competition as captain -- for me it was the most important , " he says . Fernandez and France are currently on course to be crowned world champions for a fifth time at the World Championships currently taking place in Qatar -- Pazen says they are "  big favorites " at the biennial tournament . Clinching a fourth world title would be deeply satisfying for Fernandez , but not as rewarding as attending a fifth consecutive Olympics and the chance to equal another record in what would be his swansong in the sport . "  His big dream is to go to Rio to play and win the Olympic gold for a third time , " Pazen says . "  Only Russian goalkeeper , Andrey Lavrov has won three Olympic gold medals in 1988 , 1992 and 2000 . " If he does travel to Brazil -- Pazen sees no reason why France would not pick him if he is fit -- then he has every chance of finishing his career on a golden high . But whatever happens in months ahead it looks like he 'll never be too far away from the court in the years to come . "  I 'm thinking about becoming a coach . All that I have learned in my career I want to give to the young players so they can reach for titles with the clubs and the national team . For me it is normal to help players . Handball is my sport , my passion and I want to give back . "	Handball star has helped guide France to unprecedented success The 37-year-old has won three world championships and two Olympic golds to date Fernandez has helped make handball popular in France Looking to represent France for a fifth consecutive Olympics at Rio in 2016
Hong Kong  CNN  -- An avalanche , such as the one that killed at least eight climbers in Nepal this weekend , is known in mountaineering circles as an objective hazard -- a risk that you can not control and one all climbers must accept . But with Mount Manaslu playing host to some 231 mountaineers from 25 teams this season -- an unusually large number for the world 's eighth largest peak -- the natural disaster is likely to revive concerns about whether the Himalayan mountains favored by commercial expeditions are becoming too crowded . The avalanche was triggered by a huge piece of ice that fell from a glacier . It destroyed some 25 tents at one camp and survivors spoke of being swept hundreds of meters down the mountainside . Read More : Search for survivors resumes in Nepal Manaslu had proved particularly popular this year after Chinese authorities restricted tourist visas , making access to Cho Oyu or Shishapangma , two 8,000 m  26,000 ft  peaks on the border with Tibet , difficult , said Grayson Schaffer , senior editor at Outside magazine . "  The devastation of the avalanche was certainly magnified by the number of people that were in its way , " he told CNN . Ang Tscherting Sherpa , the former head of the Nepal Mountaineering Association , said that avalanches on this scale were relatively rare on Manaslu , which was regarded as one of the easier 8,000 m peaks to surmount . He said the accident was not connected to the number of climbers . "  Such avalanches are hard to predict . It all depends on the snow fall and how warm the ground is . " Read more : Avalanche strikes climbers in Nepal The problem of over-crowding is most stark at Mount Everest , the world 's highest peak , which attracts hundreds of climbers each year eager to take a shot at the 8,848 m  29,029 ft  summit . In May this year , climbers spoke of "  traffic jams " as more than 150 climbers waited their turn to summit the mountain during a window of good weather . The consequences were deadly as some climbers ' air supplies began to run out and frost bite began to set in . Six climbers died in the space of two days . Leanne Shuttleworth , a British woman who made a successful summit on May 20 , said there were bodies attached to fixed lines and she had to walk around them . "  There was a couple who were still alive , " she told Britain 's Daily Mail . "  Our Sherpa helped one of the people but a couple were so far gone they did n't even know we were there . It was the most horrendous thing to see . " A total of 10 climbers died on Everest in April and May , making it the third deadliest spring season on record after 12 people perished in 1996 and 11 in 2006 . Schaffer , who spent April and May at Everest base camp , attributes the high death toll to thrill-seeking amateurs , who are actively courted by cut-price outfitters . "  If you really want to climb one of these mountains , you can pay someone to take you regardless of your experience level , " he said . "  In the past 10 years , it 's gone from almost unheard of to happening more often . " Nepal has eight of the 14 highest peaks in the world and tourism is a big earner for the landlocked country 's economy . September marks the beginning of the fall climbing season , which runs through November . Unlike the spring season , which comes after a dry winter , the fall season follows the wet monsoon , coating the mountains in a lot more snow . This attracts mountaineer skiers like Glen Plake , who survived Sunday 's avalanche . The extreme sports celebrity had planned to ski down the mountain without the aid of oxygen . Manesh Shrestha in Nepal contributed to this report	Avalanche kills 8 on Nepal 's Mount Manaslu Natural disaster revives concerns about crowding on Himalayan peaks Mount Everest saw ` traffic jams " in May this year Big peaks attracting more inexperienced climbers
CNN  -- Asiana Airlines Flight 214 passenger Ye Mengyuan was alive when flung from the plane during this month 's crash landing but was killed moments later when run over by a rescue vehicle , a California coroner said Friday . Ye died as result of "  multiple blunt injuries that are consistent with being run over by a motor vehicle , " said San Mateo County Coroner Robert Foucrault . "  Those injuries she received , she was alive at the time . " Officials previously had said that was what they feared had happened after the crash on July 6 at San Francisco 's airport . Ye , 16 , of China was one of three people who died in the crash and its aftermath . Read more : Asiana crash probe moved on from SFO San Francisco Fire Department Chief Joanne Hayes-White , attending a news conference with Foucrault , called the incident "  a tragic accident " and apologized to Ye 's family . One of the department 's aircraft rescue and firefighting vehicles struck the girl while she was on the ground , possibly covered with firefighting foam being sprayed on and around the burning plane , the chief said . "  I particularly want to express our condolences and apologies to the family of Ye Mengyuan in light of the coroners ' findings  in  this tragic accident , " the chief said . "  Obviously this is very difficult news for us . We 're heartbroken . We 're in the business of saving lives , " she added . "  There 's not a lot of words to describe how badly we feel about it . " The fire department is reaching out to the family through the Chinese consulate 's office . The investigation of what happened after the crash remains with the city 's police department . Police are reconstructing the crash scene to ascertain what happened during the rescue , the chief said . She called the crash "  a difficult , challenging scene . " "  We believe it was one of the specialized rigs at the airport , the ARFF rigs , aircraft rescue firefighting vehicles , " Hayes-White said . San Francisco Mayor Edwin M. Lee said he was "  profoundly saddened by the involvement of a responding emergency vehicle in the death of 16-year-old Ye Mengyuan . " "  On behalf of the people of San Francisco , I offer my deepest condolences and regret for her tragic death , and the deaths of her close friend , Wang Linjia , and 15-year-old Liu Yipeng , " the mayor said in a statement . Ye and Wang , also 16 , were part of a group of 35 teachers and students from a middle school in Jiangshan traveling to California for a summer camp program . Wang was found dead at the scene along with Ye . Liu died days later in a San Francisco hospital . Foucrault , the coroner , met with the three families Thursday to discuss his findings , the fire chief said . The mayor said firefighters and first responders helped save the lives of 304 of the 307 passengers and crew aboard the flight . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash landing , which also injured more than 180 people aboard the flight .	Ye Mengyuan , 16 , of China was struck and killed by a fire department vehicle She was thrown from crash-landed Asiana Flight 214 at San Francisco airport San Francisco 's fire chief calls it "  a tragic accident " and apologizes to Ye 's family The mayor says he 's "  profoundly saddened "
CNN  -- Reubin Askew , whose straight-arrow demeanor helped restore many Floridians ' trust in government during his two terms as governor in the 1970s , died Thursday . He was 85 . He had been admitted Saturday with pneumonia to Tallahassee Memorial HealthCare , where he then suffered a stroke , former aide and family spokesman Ron Sachs told CNN . "  He was Mr. Integrity , " said Mike Vasilinda , a journalist at Capitol News Service who has been covering Tallahassee since 1974 . "  Governor Askew pushed us into the 20th century . " As governor from 1971 to 1979 , Askew secured legislative approval to levy corporate income tax , repealed consumer taxes on household utilities and apartment rentals and doubled homestead exemption amounts . He also pushed through a law requiring public officials to disclose their income sources . "  Everyone called him the guy with the white hat , " Vasilinda said . Askew was unafraid to roll up his sleeves and pitch in . Vasilinda recalled stopping in at the building where , in the 1970s , the "  Sunshine " initiative campaign on income disclosure was being spearheaded . There sat the governor . "  He was sitting there counting and organizing petitions by county , so they could be turned in , " Vasilinda said . Askew 's terms coincided with a time of upheaval in government at a national level and in Florida , where three state Supreme Court justices and three cabinet officers had resigned amid scandal . "  He governed at the height of Watergate , when there was huge mistrust , " Vasilinda said . "  He was the man who gave people confidence that Florida government would run honestly and fairly for everyone . " That passion for equality explained his fervent opposition to segregation , which he expressed through support for busing . "  He felt that busing was a necessity so that people could have equal education , " Vasilinda said . In 1972 , he confronted then-Democratic presidential candidate George Wallace , who was campaigning in Florida on the busing issue . "  Askew took him on directly , and went to the people , " said historian David Colburn , who met Askew in 1978 , wrote about his political career and considered him a friend . Askew had been advised not to jeopardize his political future by getting involved in that battle , but he did not heed the advice . Askew believed that the fight to end segregation in the state "  was about the soul and the future of Florida , " according to Colburn , who wrote "  From Yellow Dog Democrats to Red State Republicans "  2013 , University Press of Florida  and serves as director of the Bob Graham Center at the University of Florida . Though Askew lost on the busing issue , he proposed a second referendum on providing quality schools for all Florida children , which won . Years later , Askew recalled his handling of busing in a conversation with Colburn . "  I think probably the thing that he said that struck me the most was , ' I felt my job was to help people overcome their fears , ' " Colburn recalled . The question of how Florida would balance aggressive growth and stewardship of the environment was another challenge facing the governor , who assumed office after a decade in which the state 's population grew by 2.2 million people , according to Colburn . So Askew brought together 150 state leaders and asked them to consider the direction the state should take , the historian said . The outcome : passage of the Environmental Land and Water Management Act , the Water Resources Act , the Land Conservation Act and the establishment of the division of state planning . He also muscled through a $ 200 million bond to buy environmentally sensitive land for conservation and parks . As he sought to persuade conservative leaders to sign on to an effort that placed some restrictions on growth , Askew 's political prowess rose to the fore . "  He understood how the process worked , and he tried to work through the leadership , " buttonholing his adversaries and inviting them into the governor 's limo , where he would hold them hostage in the back seat and regale them "  until they said they 'd listen or agree , or he 'd agree to make some changes so he could get their support . " "  When you look at his integrity , belief and support for open government , his commitment to the opportunities for people of all ethnicities and races and backgrounds , his leadership on the environment -- it 's an incredible record . " Askew 's rectitude extended to his personal life , too . He neither smoked nor drank and did not allow alcohol into the governor 's mansion , Vasilinda said . That restriction is widely believed to be the reason that then-Vice President Spiro Agnew changed his plans at the last minute to overnight at the mansion during a visit to Tallahassee in the early 1970s . Security concerns were cited as the official reason . Reubin O'Donovan Askew was born on September 11 , 1928 , in Muskogee , Oklahoma . He enlisted in the U.S. Army paratroopers in 1946 and was discharged as a sergeant in 1948 . He graduated from Florida State University in Tallahassee , where he was student body president ; then from the University of Florida Law School , where he was class president . He served as second lieutenant in the U.S. Air Force from 1951 to 1953 and began his public career in 1956 as assistant county solicitor for Escambia County . In 1958 , he served in the Florida House of Representatives , moving four years later to the Florida Senate , where he served as president pro tempore from 1969 to 1970 . Elected governor in 1970 , he became the first governor in the state 's history to be elected to a second , successive four-year term . In 1956 , he married Donna Lou Harper ; they had two children . After he left office , Askew went on to teach at all 10 of the state 's major public universities , most recently at Florida State University 's Askew School of Public Administration and Policy . Though Askew was a Democrat , "  he was not a liberal Democrat , " said Vasilinda , who went on to become friends with the former governor . "  The Democrats were really moderate Republicans in today 's world . " He was a tough taskmaster , according to Vasilinda , who took a master 's - level class from the retired politician . "  He would lecture on a different federal and state case every week for an hour and a half , and then the final was just brutal -- it was a 2Â 1/2 - hour , handwritten , pencil-and-paper , no-notes final in which he expected you to tell him everything he 'd told you . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Paul Caron contributed to this report	"  He was Mr. Integrity , " says Mike Vasilinda Askew was a fervent opponent of segregation and supported busing He secured legislative approval to levy corporate income tax
CNN  -- American officials are pondering whether to strike ISIS elements in Syria to better contain the group 's fearsome power , following its horrific execution of James Foley and the direct threats it has leveled against the United States . As they consider how best to confront the organization , there is good news : The United States and its friends have scored some successes against ISIS in the past month . The administration provided material support to Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga and Iraqi special operations forces , and with judicious use of airstrikes enabled them to repel ISIS attacks northwest and northeast of Baghdad . The Obama administration wisely understood that these military operations are only a short-term fix . The only sustainable solution is a new Iraqi government able to rally a large majority of Iraqis across ethnic and sectarian lines to fight the Islamic State in Syria . Iraqis have come together before to contain such extremists , and they could again . Iraq 's restive Sunni Arab population , furious at former Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , backed ISIS in the Spring , but now Sunni Arab tribal figures in Anbar and Kirkuk , as well as some of the leaders from the urban business-political elite in Mosul and Salah ad-Din , have asked the Iraqi central government in Baghdad for help to fight the organization . Success is not assured , but the picture is brighter than a month ago . American pressure -- and tying military assistance to concrete progress toward assembling a broad-based national government -- have encouraged the hesitant Iraqis forward . The United States needs to sustain that approach . But even with progress in Iraq , the United States and its friends can not contain the Islamic State for long when it has a vast safe zone in Syria into which its fighters can fall back to rest , regroup , and fight again . As we contemplate a response , we should consider whether any of the strategies used recently in Iraq could also be used in Syria . In Iraq , the United States identified friends willing to fight the Islamic State on the ground . The Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga were not perfect -- they are not a regular army , their command structure is at times unwieldy , and their political agendas are not always compatible with ours . However , they were clearly able to help blunt the ISIS advance , so cooperating with them was sensible . Similarly , providing far more help to moderate elements of the Syrian armed opposition makes huge sense . They are motivated and have been locked in combat against ISIS for nine months . Despite fighting an uphill battle against the well-armed regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , heavily backed by Iran and Russia , they have advanced in some regions . They share the same frustrating imperfections -- such as lack of professional discipline -- as the Peshmerga and the Iraqi military , but if they were better armed and financed , the moderate Syrian fighters could be helpful in repelling ISIS . They already did so by expelling it from northwest Syria earlier this year and the Damascus area this summer . With stronger cash flows from governments in the West and Gulf , they could also lure Syrians away from ISIS bankrolls . American airstrikes might be needed in Syria , but that would not be the most important tactic for success , nor would more material aid to the rebels be sufficient to contain the Islamic State over the long term . As in Iraq , there has to be a political angle as well . Helping a weakened al-Assad regime to consolidate its position in Damascus is not a recipe for sustainable success . The regime ca n't roll back the Islamic State now -- it is attracting scores of new jihadis every day . Helping al-Assad would multiply the numbers of recruits . Rather , as in Iraq , Syria needs a new government . The U.S. had hoped this would be negotiated in Geneva , where an international conference early this year aimed to find a political solution to the Syria conflict , but al-Assad rejected any serious negotiation . His Russian and Iranian allies , estimating that he could survive , and seeing no alternative , made no effort to convince the regime to do otherwise . Six months later , however , the regime 's pillars of support are weaker . There are reports that the regime earlier this month executed three air force pilots who had refused to obey orders . The minority Alawite sect that has backed al-Assad is openly grumbling about heavy losses in an endless war against the moderate rebels and now the ruthless Islamic State . A publicity campaign called "  Scream of the Nation " is under way in the Alawite heartland . Its complaint : Assad keeps his throne while our children go to their coffins . We need moderate armed opposition leaders in Syria to capitalize on this weariness by moving politically , not just militarily . As we boost aid to the moderate armed rebels , we must condition that help on their reaching out to disaffected regime supporters and developing with them a common political stance for a new , negotiated national unity government , with or without al-Assad . The al-Assad regime wo n't go to the table easily , and the moderate rebels will need more help -- perhaps even hardware , like more mortars and rockets to hit airfields and bases and further rattle al-Assad 's war machine . Substantially boosting help to the moderate opposition would also compel Russia and Iran to rethink their blank check to al-Assad , especially if there is a better alternative route to contain ISIS . As it did with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , Iran might consider other reasonable alternatives to the current Syrian leadership . Iran wo n't , however , until it recognizes that al-Assad ca n't win and ca n't rally enough support to contain the Islamic State . One prominent American observer says it is folly to think that we can aid the moderate armed fighters to topple al-Assad . But toppling was n't our goal before and should n't be now . We should aim to help the Syrian opposition inflict enough pain on the regime so that , despite al-Assad , the regime finally agrees to negotiate a new government whose first task will be to fight the Islamic State and eventually expel it from Syria . In Syria 's brutal , three-sided war , the U.S. has no easy options . We have never controlled events there . It is also true that civil wars do n't always end in happy settlements . However , our inability to steer perfectly or to guarantee the best outcome ca n't be an excuse to maintain our current approach .	Robert Ford : U.S. mulling strike on ISIS elements in Syria U.S. pressure on Iraq , including to form new government , has bolstered efforts to repel ISIS He says aiding moderate Syria opposition would help them do the same , as al-Assad weakens Ford : Aid should hinge on rebels making new government with shared focus on driving out ISIS
A woman 's chances of becoming pregnant are the same after rape as they are after consensual sex , according to medical experts and published studies . Their conclusion contradicts a statement made last weekend by Rep. Todd Akin , R-Missouri , who suggested in an interview with CNN affiliate KTVI that rape rarely results in pregnancy . "  From what I understand from doctors , that 's really rare , " said the U.S. Senate candidate in response to a question about whether abortion should be legal in cases of rape . "  If it 's a legitimate rape , the female body has ways to try and shut that whole thing down . " Akin defies mounting calls to withdraw from Senate race Akin 's supporters say he was given misinformation that appears to stem from a 1999 article by Dr. John C. Willke , the former president of the National Right to Life Committee . Willke wrote that rape pregnancies are "  extremely rare " and that the stress of rape helps prevent pregnancy . "  To get and stay pregnant a woman 's body must produce a very sophisticated mix of hormones , " Willke wrote in a 1999 article published in "  Life Issues Connector , " an anti-abortion newsletter . "  Hormone production is controlled by a part of the brain that is easily influenced by emotions . There 's no greater emotional trauma that can be experienced by a woman than an assault rape . This can radically upset her possibility of ovulation , fertilization , implantation and even nurturing of a pregnancy . " Willke , who is in his late 80s and lives in Cincinnati , did not return a call from CNN . But scientific data support neither Willke 's assertion nor Akin 's statements , according to experts . "  What we know is that chronic stress can decrease fertility , " said Dr. Sharon Phelan , a fellow at the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists  ACOG  and professor in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University of New Mexico , in a telephone interview with CNN . Phelan cites emotional , medical or nutritional stress as forms of chronic stress . "  The acute stress does not have the same impact , " she added , referring to the act of rape . A 1996 study published in the American Journal of Obstetrics & Gynecology estimated 32,101 pregnancies in the United States each year result from rape . Opinion : Rape can make you pregnant . Period . Generally , a single act of a rape has about a 5 % chance of resulting in pregnancy among victims aged 12 to 45 who are not on birth control , according to ACOG figures . But experts say that percentage fluctuates greatly , depending on a woman 's ovulation cycle at the time of intercourse . Three days prior to ovulation , a woman has a 15 % chance of pregnancy after a sexual encounter ; one to two days prior to ovulation , the odds double to 30 % ; they plummet to 12 % on the day of ovulation , Phelan said . "  Since a rape would likely happen at any point in the cycle , the overall risk -- without considering day of cycle -- would be close to a 16 % chance of occurring on a fertile day and then there is , at maximum , a 30 % chance of conception , " Phelan said . While the stress associated with rape may not lower a victim 's risk of becoming pregnant , rapists often do not ejaculate , thereby decreasing their victims ' risk of pregnancy , said Phelan . Akin has apologized for his remarks . "  I had heard one time a medical report that it 's hard to get , it 's harder for somebody to get pregnant under those conditions , " he told radio host Sean Hannity on Monday . "  I do n't believe that 's true now . In fact , I 've checked the facts and that 's wrong . I was just wrong in that statement . " Akin asks for ` forgiveness ' in new TV ad Dr. David Grimes , a clinical professor in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine , said he was shocked when he heard Akin 's original remarks . "  That 's part of the broad theme here of misogyny -- that women are responsible for being raped ; they brought it on themselves through their provocative behavior or clothing , " Grimes told "  AC360 " on Tuesday night . "  Then , on top of that , should they be raped -- and if they get pregnant -- that , too , is their fault . It 's a double whammy . It 's cruel beyond words . " Grimes rejected the authority of Willke , a general practitioner , to make such statements . "  He has no scientific credentials , " said Grimes , who serves on the editorial boards of several publications , including Obstetrics and Gynecology , Obstetrical and Gynecological Survey and the journal Contraception . "  In medicine , opinions count only to the extent that they 're borne out or supported by evidence . No evidence at all supports Dr. Willke 's bizarre theories . " Opinion : Wake up -- It 's not just Akin Surviving sexual assault : Share your testimony on CNN iReport .	"  If it 's a legitimate rape , the female body has ways to try and shut that whole thing down , " Akin says Experts dispute the GOP Senate candidate 's view Chronic stress can decrease fertility , but not the acute stress of rape , says professor
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Security forces in Iran on Thursday confronted thousands of protesting Iranians across the city , first at a cemetery and later at a prayer venue and near a government building , witnesses and news reports said . Mourners gather around the grave of Neda Agh-Soltan in Beheshte Zahra Cemetery . Clashes erupted at the cemetery as two of Iran 's main opposition leaders tried to join the several thousand people at a memorial for the slain woman who became the symbol of Iran 's post-election violence , witnesses said . The gathering was banned , but participants ignored the government strictures . However , security forces barred opposition leaders Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi from the gravesite of Neda Agha-Soltan , the 26-year-old woman shot in election protests on June 20 , witnesses and news reports said . More than 3,000 people were gathered at Agha-Soltan 's grave , a witness said . Mourners arrived on the religiously significant 40th day after the fatal shooting in Tehran . For Iranians , a predominantly Shiite Muslim population , the 40th day after a death marks the last official day of mourning . At the cemetery , security forces used tear gas to clear the area of demonstrators and mourners . A witness said riot police and Basij militia were at the scene , but the confrontations with people in the crowd involved the militia . Watch a report on the memorial clashes " The witness spotted instances of the baton-wielding militia charging the gathering , and said as many as nine beatings were seen . Other people appeared to have been beaten as they ran from police , the witness said . One of the mourners had a bloody head and one woman said she was struck on the back of the neck . One security force member sustained some sort of injury to the head and was bloodied . It is unclear exactly how that person was injured . A confrontation between women protesters and police also was seen . The women shouted , "  Do n't beat up our young people . You , our Muslim brothers . It is a shame to beat up our young people . " The crowd chanted "  Ya Hossein , Mir Hossein , " the first a reference to the revered Shiite imam and the second a reference to Moussavi . Then there were more chants of "  Allah wa Akbar , " or God is great . iReport.com : Share your photos , video , stories Despite reports of arrests , none were seen on the mourning day . U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said using force to "  break up a group of people who were trying to exercise an important ritual in Islam , the mourning after 40 days , " was "  particularly disturbing . " "  We stand by the Iranian people who are exercising their universal right to self-expression and demonstrating peacefully , " Kelly said . Iran 's state-run news agency , IRNA , reported that the mourners "  disrupted the order " in the city and damaged public and private property and that security forces were merely trying to control the "  illegal activity " of the group . IRNA also reported that Tehran residents in the area were angry with the constant protests and wanted a stronger response from the security forces . Another witness told CNN that police directing traffic at the cemetery were helpful and friendly , in stark contrast to the riot police and Revolutionary Guard members who were at the gravesites . From the cemetery , the mourners arrived at the Mossalla , a building under construction that is expected to be the main venue of Tehran 's Friday prayers , witnesses said . A couple thousand people demonstrated and police worked to disperse the crowd -- which also was defying a ban on such a gathering . "  The police tried to discourage drivers from driving the main highway that would lead to central Tehran , but very few listened , " one witness said . "  Soldiers standing along the streets flashed the peace sign back at the honking cars with large smiles on their faces . It was obvious the soldiers and police forces were with the people . " Thousands also marched and chanted along a prominent thoroughfare called Vali Asr Street , chanting slogans such as "  Death to the dictator " amid the honking of car horns , a witness said . Amateur video posted Thursday on several Web sites and submitted to CNN 's iReport showed a security officer swinging a baton at a demonstrator . CNN can not confirm the circumstances of the images . Protesters gathered near the Interior Ministry building and trash cans were set ablaze , another witness said . Police on motorcycles attempted to break up the gathering , and one security officer was seen wielding a gun . Moussavi was the chief challenger of incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the June presidential elections , which the government said Ahmadinejad won in a landslide but many Iranians think was rigged . Moussavi had said on his Web site that he and fellow reform candidate Karrubi would commemorate Agha-Soltan 's death with her mother at the Behesht-e-Zahra cemetery . At the cemetery , a witness said a car identical to a vehicle belonging to Moussavi drove through the area . It was not clear if Moussavi was in the vehicle , but people were sitting atop and around the car as if to protect it . The car left the scene . In the days after the June vote , thousands of Iranians took to the streets to protest the results . The government cracked down . Hundreds were detained in prison , among them 50 "  political figures " accused of playing key roles in the street demonstrations that turned violent , Iranian media reported Wednesday . Among those still reportedly detained is Shahpour Kazemi , Moussavi 's brother-in-law , according to Moussavi 's wife . Others include Behzad Nabavi , a Moussavi ally , and Mostafa Tajzadeh , who served under Iranian President Mohammad Khatami -- a Moussavi supporter -- the Iranian Labor News Agency reported Tuesday .	Security forces confront protesters across Tehran Some 3,000 mourners gather at the grave site of Neda Agha-Soltan Agha-Soltan , 26 , was shot in street protests after election on June 20 Security forces rough up , beat some mourners , witnesses say
CNN  -- The word "  epic " gets thrown around a lot these days , but there 's no other way to describe what we saw Tuesday . It was an epic battle . Team USA goalie Tim Howard on one hand . The entire Belgian team on the other . Facing the relentless onslaught of Belgium 's offense , Howard made 16 saves -- setting a World Cup record . The United States lost the match 2-1 and is out of the tourney , but the nation gained a soccer hero . Here 's what you need to know about the 35-year-old Howard : He 's a devout Christian Faith is a key part of Howard 's life and shapes who he is . "  The most important thing in my life is Christ , " Howard said in a 2006 interview with Campus Crusade for Christ . "  He 's more important to me than winning or losing or whether I 'm playing or not . Everything else is just a bonus . " He was born in North Brunswick , New Jersey , to an African-American father and a Hungarian mother . He is all tatted up Howard loves his body art . You want ink , you got it -- chest , abs , biceps , back . His kids are there on his left pec . Jesus is on the left biceps . You 'll find his home state of New Jersey on his belly . There 's a dove , too . A star . Some Roman numerals . The more you look , the more you find . He is anti-fur Howard bared his well-sculpted upper body for PETA 's "  Ink , not mink " campaign . The pitch ? "  Fur only looks good on its original owner . Be comfortable in your own skin , and let animals keep theirs . " He lives with Tourette 's syndrome For Howard , it 's not a big deal -- just part of his life . But it does come with some misconceptions . "  It 's something that I live with every day . For me now in my life , it 's like breathing for me . If I woke up and did n't have Tourette 's syndrome , it would feel weird -- not better or worse , just different . So I 'm very happy and comfortable with it , " he said . Many know it only as the "  swearing disease , " but only about 10 % of people with Tourette 's syndrome swear uncontrollably . "  You know , we do n't all curse , " Howard told Yahoo Sports a couple of weeks ago . "  I do on the field , unfortunately , to get my point across , but it 's not because of my condition . " People with Tourette 's syndrome suffer from involuntary tics , which can be either verbal or physical . Physical tics may include jumping or twitching . People with the syndrome describe a tic as being like a sneeze , impossible to hold in without extreme discomfort . Twitter surrenders to Tourette 's syndrome He once scored a goal How many goalkeepers can claim this feat ? While playing for Everton , his English Premier League team , Howard booted a ball the length of the pitch , catching the Bolton goalie by surprise . The crowd and his teammates went nuts , but Howard told The Guardian he felt bad for the opposing keeper . "  You never want to see that happen , " he said . "  It 's not nice , it 's embarrassing . " He was n't really that good when he started out When Howard began his pro career as a 22-year-old goalkeeper for the New York/New Jersey MetroStars of MLS , he was known as a great athlete who could make great saves . Some reports have even said he could have played basketball in college . But the 6-foot-3 Howard was n't particularly good at other things , like distributing the ball after he made a nice stop . It 's something he is much , much better at today . In 2001 he was MLS goalkeeper of the year . And Manchester United , one of the most successful European clubs in history , worked out a transfer deal for him . Howard spent four years with Manchester United before transferring to Everton . He is the ` modern Jesus ' Even before the game ended Tuesday , Howard 's incredible saves got Twitter in a tizzy . Comparisons to Jesus abounded . Sample tweet : "  Jesus saves , and so does Tim Howard . " Then came the memes of all the things #TimHowardCouldSave : Dinosaurs , the Titanic , Blockbuster from closing . He is the ` U.S. secretary of defense ' Well , at least he was for a little while on Tuesday , according to Wikipedia . So impressive was his performance against the Belgians that someone edited the free on-line encyclopedia , pulling Chuck Hagel from the page and inserting Howard . The folks at Wikipedia caught the vandalism and restored the real secretary of defense to his rightful position . Someone thinks with a little mentoring Howard might be able to make that Wikipedia change again one day down the road . At least that 's what the Pentagon says Hagel told Howard when he called him on Wednesday . Hagel phoned the goalkeeper to "  thank him for defending the United States of America at the World Cup , " Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said . Hagel also invited the team to drop by the Pentagon next time they are in town . "  He told Howard that with some training , he could someday become the real secretary of defense , " Kirby said . He is one of the best goalies in the world Do n't believe us ? Just ask his coaches . His club coach has said there is no better goalkeeper in the Premier League . "  His belief and understanding of the game and his desire to achieve more is contagious , " Roberto Martinez told FIFA.com . National team coach Jurgen Klinsmann said in May that Howard is one of the top five goalies in the world . And , if there were any doubters , he silenced them all on Tuesday . He is coming back in 2018  or is he ? This may not be Howard 's final World Cup . Plenty of goalies have played in their late 30s and early 40s . But backup Brad Guzan , who plays at Aston Villa in England , is five years younger . Howard has yet to say whether he wants to be in the net when the team tries to qualify for Russia , host of the 2018 World Cup . And he was n't giving any clues on Wednesday when he talked with CNN 's Chris Cuomo . "  Right now , emotions are high and that 's never a time to make an important decision , " Howard said . "  I 'll speak to the important people who matter in this process and take my time and figure it out . "  It 's a long four years , but also this team is very talented and very young -- and so it 's exciting . " Off the field : The men of the U.S. team	The 35-year-old goalie made a World Cup-record 16 saves against Belgium Howard is loaded with tattoos He was born in New Jersey to an African-American father and Hungarian mother His coaches say he 's one of the best keepers in the world
New York  CNN  -- The New York Police Department has the capability to "  take down " threatening airplanes , Commissioner Raymond Kelly said in an interview broadcast on CBS 's "  60 Minutes " Sunday night . Asked by interviewer Scott Pelley whether he is satisfied with the handling of potential aerial threats , Kelly responded , "  It 's something that 's on our radar screen . In an extreme situation , we would have some means to take down a plane . " "  Do you mean to say that the NYPD has the means to take down an aircraft ? " Pelley asked . "  Yes , " Kelly answered . "  I prefer not to get into the details , but obviously this would be in a very extreme situation . " "  You have the equipment and the training ? " "  Yes . " There was no comment on the technology that would be used in such a situation . The interview highlighted several other security measures undertaken by the police department 's Counterterrorism Bureau , including random subway searches , officers carrying nuclear radiation detectors on their gun belts , and thousands of "  smart " cameras in downtown Manhattan . Kelly created the Counterterrorism Bureau in early 2002 in response to the September 11th attacks that occurred 10 years ago last month . Since the attacks , more than $ 3 billion has been spent on New York City counterterrorism measures . Units within the bureau include the Joint Terrorism Task Force , the Lower Manhattan Security Initiative , and the Terrorism Threat Analysis Group . "  We 're the number one target in this country . That 's the consensus in the intelligence community , " Kelly said . "  We 're the communications capital . We 're the financial capital . We 're a city that 's been attacked twice successfully , we 've had 13 terrorist plots against us since September 11th . No other city has had that . " On Monday , Mayor Michael Bloomberg commented on the police department 's counterterrorism efforts at an education conference in Manhattan . "  Our job is to make sure that we stay safe going forward and that we show that the terrorists did n't win and that New York City is back , " he said . "  The New York City Police Department has a lot of capabilities that you do n't know about and you wo n't know about them . " Although he said that he "  can not guarantee that you are safe forever or perfectly safe , " he added that "  I can tell you in 10 years we seem to have stopped a number -- and who knows how many additional we do n't know about -- attempts to have terrorism here . " He went on to reinforce his support for the police department and the spending involved in its operations : "  We spend something like 8 1/2 billion dollars , including pension costs , on our police department and I think it is money well spent . " The specifics of the department 's capabilities are not commonly discussed with the media . Kelly has said the department is taking every possible measure to keep New Yorkers safe .	NEW : Bloomberg says NYPD "  has a lot of capabilities that you do n't know about " Kelly : "  In an extreme situation , we would have some means to take down a plane " There was no comment on the technology that would be used in such a situation More than $ 3 billion has been spent on New York City counterterrorism measures
Video analytics company Visible Measures - the one we work with to put out our monthly top 10 webisodes chart - curates a list of video called the "  100 Million Club . " It includes all the web videos that have exceeded 100 million views . Lady Gaga has long been a staple of the chart , but now she 's essentially in a club all her own : She 's the first franchise to reach one billion views . Gaga 's music videos hold three spots in the 65-video 100 Million Club - one for "  Poker Face "  374,606,128  , one for "  Just Dance "  272,941,674  and one for "  Bad Romance "  360,020,327  . Add them up and you get just over one billion views . She wo n't occupy the club alone for long , though ; the Twilight saga is close behind with 980 million and Soulja Boy is at 860 million . Gaga is primarily a hit on Vevo and YouTube ; 25 % of Vevo 's visitors only have eyes for her . The pop star has attracted Internet attention elsewhere , too . A Facebook group of more than 100,000 people initiated National Lady Gaga Day about a month ago , and her latest Internet hit is her "  Telephone " music video with Beyoncé . The point is , you ca n't escape Gaga on the Internet . She 's everywhere right now . We welcome speculation as to exactly why the web loves her so , so let us know in the comments if you have any ideas . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Visible Measures curates a list called the "  100 Million Club " Lady Gaga is the first franchise to reach one billion views "  Poker Face " had 374,606,128 views ; "  Just Dance " had 272,941,674
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- The lower house of Argentina 's Congress has approved a controversial media law that spells out media ownership rules and calls for the creation of a regulatory agency . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has blamed Grupo Clarin for her low approval ratings . The measure passed Thursday by a vote of 147 to 4 , but the wide margin does not reflect the heated debate over it . Lawmakers opposed to the measure protested by walking out of the chamber and not voting . Some even threatened to turn to the courts to challenge the legitimacy of the vote . The goal of the so-called Audio-Visual Communication law is to regulate television and radio broadcasters and increase competition in the media industry , according to a draft of the bill . Opponents say it targets media critical of the current government and President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , especially the media giant Grupo Clarin . This bill is "  for everyone who wants to live in a more democratic and more pluralistic Argentina , " Fernandez de Kirchner said in a speech last month . The newspaper Clarin has been highly critical of her leadership and that of her husband and predecessor , Nestor Kirchner . Although the proposed legislation would not affect newspapers , Grupo Clarin 's other business interests in cable , television and radio would be forced to be sold off or restructured . " -LSB- Cristina -RSB- Kirchner saw -LSB- Clarin -RSB- as a limit to her power , and this was the origin of the conflict , " Argentine political analyst Rosendo Fraga said . Argentina 's case is just one of a number of fights between the presidency and the media in Latin America . "  At this moment , in Nicaragua , Venezuela , Bolivia , Ecuador and Argentina , the presidents have conflicts with the private media and seek to dominate them , although each country is a different case , " Fraga said . Among the changes proposed in the bill , a company that owns a cable business would not be allowed to own any over-the-air broadcast channels . Also , the owner of a cable company would be allowed to have only one channel on that system . In its current form , Grupo Clarin would be in violation of both limits , among others . "  It hits other media groups , but Clarin is the one it hurts , " said Daniel Kerner , an analyst at Eurasia Group . The reform would also redistribute broadcast frequencies into thirds : one-third for private media , one-third for the government and one-third for nongovernmental organizations and other civil groups . "  More control of the media by the government , this is the main motivation , " Kerner said . Journalism advocacy groups have raised concerns , focusing on a proposed requirement that broadcasters renew licenses every two years . "  We are extremely concerned at the opportunity created under the current draft legislation for political pressure on broadcasters , " International Press Institute Director David Dadge said in a statement . "  We urge Argentinean legislators not to pass this bill in its current form . " If anyone is applying unfair pressure , it is monopolistic media companies , Fernandez de Kirchner said . "  Freedom of expression can not turn into freedom of extortion , " she said during an August 27 speech . "  The right to information means the right to all information , not to the concealment of part of the information and the distortion and manipulation of the other part . " Grupo Clarin has about two-thirds of the cable market in Argentina , but its other products do n't come close to monopolistic figures , Fraga said . Both Kirchners have blamed Clarin 's critical reports for their low approval ratings . The ruling party was dealt a strong defeat during recent midterm elections . In response , Fernandez de Kirchner has come out swinging at the Clarin newspaper and its parent company , observers said . Last month , the government pushed the nation 's soccer association to rescind a contract it had with Clarin to broadcast games . The government reached into its coffers and offered the association double what Clarin was paying for rights to broadcast the games . This month , 200 tax agents made a surprise raid on the newspaper 's offices , ostensibly to check employment records , editor Ricardo Kirschbaum said . But the agents left after three hours , empty-handed . "  Their real mission was to intimidate , " Kirschbaum said . The editor bristles at the characterization of the bill as part of conflict between his newspaper and the government . The Kirchners "  have a hostile stance , not just against Clarin but against all the press , " he said . "  They are the proponents of ` democratizing ' the media through this law , and this is how they regard the media ? It 's paradoxical . " CNN en Español 's Guillermo Fontana contributed to this report .	Measure passes 147 to 4 , but wide margin belies heated debate Opponents protest by walking out of chamber , not voting ; some threaten challenge Opponents say bill targets media critical of the government -- especially Grupo Clarin Latin America has seen many fights between media , presidents
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama 's top economic adviser , Austan Goolsbee , is leaving the administration to return to the University of Chicago , the White House announced Monday night . Goolsbee has been an outspoken defender of Obama 's policies as the U.S. economy struggles to find its footing following the steep recession of 2007-09 . In a statement announcing Goolsbee 's departure , Obama called him "  a close friend " and "  one of America 's great economic thinkers . " "  Over the past several years , he has helped steer our country out of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , " Obama said . "  And although there is still much work ahead , his insights and counsel have helped lead us toward an economy that is growing and creating millions of jobs . " The announcement came after a series of reports that showed the U.S. economy struggling to maintain headway after the housing bust , banking crisis and recession . Sunday , Goolsbee told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that despite disappointing employment , manufacturing and housing price figures , the long-term trends remain positive . Goolsbee taught at the University of Chicago for 14 years before joining the administration and will return to the school in time for the fall semester , the White House said . Before being named chairman of the advisory council in September , he served as a senior adviser to Obama 's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness and as staff economist for the Economic Recovery Advisory Board . "  There 's no question as you come out of the worst downturn in most of our lifetimes , that it is going to be fragile , " Goolsbee said . But he said the economy was "  a million miles " from its condition when Obama took office , "  when the economy 's losing 780,000 jobs a month and people are actively talking about will there be an end to the financial system in the United States . "	Longtime economic adviser Austan Goolsbee headed back to Chicago Goolsbee has been an outspoken defender of Obama 's policies
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- At least 15 people were killed Tuesday in a suicide blast in the northeastern Nigerian city of Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state , which has been bedeviled by the deadly Boko Haram insurgency , a witness and a paramedic said . The explosion occurred when a homemade bomb , concealed in a van loaded with charcoal , went off at an ever-busy traffic circle outside the city 's main market , according to a Twitter account by the Nigerian Defense Ministry . Witnesses said the blast happened at about 8:00 a.m. , when traffic was beginning to build at the roundabout , causing a major fire that engulfed vehicles and shops lining the streets . Local vigilantes called Civilian JTF , after the special military unit battling Boko Haram , evacuated the victims of the morning blast to the State Specialist Hospital in the city . "  We have so far taken 15 dead bodies to the hospital from the blast scene , most of them women and boys , " said a local vigilante Adam Kolo . A journalist who was at the hospital confirmed seeing 15 bodies brought in by the rescue team . A "  rescue operation is still ongoing , which means the toll may change . We have also evacuated several people with injuries from the explosion , " Kolo said . "  I saw several people lying lifeless on the street with six cars and three motorized rickshaws burning , " said resident Ibrahim Mustapha . Most of the victims were elderly women selling peanuts and kola nuts by the roadside and poor boys , Kolo said . It is a custom in Maiduguri for residents to buy peanuts every morning and give them out as alms to poor boys begging on the streets . The women vendors come out early in the morning and line the streets with their wares , waiting for residents leaving for work , while the child beggars mill around waiting for a generous buyer , Mustapha said . Restive mobs besieged the area around the blast scene , barring reporters from taking photos of the carnage , and manhandled a photographer who wanted to take shots . The mobs attacked and slightly injured four firefighters trying to quench the inferno at the scene , accusing them of not deploying fast enough to battle the fire . "  The youth were quite agitated and prevented us from taking photos of the scene and even descended on the firemen working to douse the fire , " one of the reporters at the scene said . Maiduguri has witnessed relative calm since last year , when local vigilantes sprang up and chased out Boko Haram insurgents into the bush , ending near-daily deadly bombing and shooting attacks . The city has however witnessed isolated bombings and deadly attacks blamed on Boko Haram .	The incident occurred in Maiduguri , the capital of restive Borno state Women and boys were among the victims People were agitated over the firefighters ' response
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli security forces and intelligence officers raided a Palestinian television station overnight and took computers , tapes , transmitters and paperwork , the director of the station said Wednesday . Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad called it "  piracy . " The raid began at 2 a.m. , Wattan TV director Muamar Orabi said . "  Four night-shift employees were detained for more than three hours inside the offices after their mobile phones were taken , " he added . The Israel Defense Forces confirmed the raid had taken place . Israeli Ministry of Communications spokesman Yehiel Shavi said Wattan broadcasts "  were interfering with the signals of Israeli broadcasters " and said the interference had been stopped "  with the assistance of the IDF . " The IDF said repeated requests had been made to Wattan to stop its broadcasts because they interfered with Israeli broadcasters and flight communications at Ben Gurion airport in Tel Aviv . But Orabi said his station had never received a complaint about transmission frequencies , and said the response was disproportionate even if that was the reason for the raid . "  Why destroy the TV station when they could have just confiscated the two transmitters ? " he asked . "  This is not the first time this has happened . Wattan TV was destroyed 10 years ago , in March 2002 , " he said . The station called the raid an act of piracy and vowed to continue its work . "  Wattan TV deplores this aggressive behavior against an efficient and effective media organization and will work through its contacts with local and international media and human rights organizations to expose this criminal act , " the station said in a statement . "  Wattan will work on restoring all the stolen equipment and transmitters and continue interrupted broadcasting . " Fayyad issued a statement saying : "  This piracy and raids of Palestinian media institutions brings back to mind the practices during the beginning of the second Intifadah when Israeli occupation forces raided and sabotaged many Palestinian media institutions including Palestine TV , Voice of Palestine , and Wattan TV . " He said officials will work to put the station back on air immediately . Fayyad also said the Middle East Quartet -- the United States , the United Nations , the European Union , and Russia -- bears responsibility for not preventing Israel from carrying out such actions , according to the statement . "  These dangerous violations of the Israeli occupation forces reveal the extent of failure and shortcomings of the Quartet " and the "  clear incapability of the Quartet to perform its duties , " Fayyad said . CNN 's Enas Muthaffar contributed to this report	NEW : Palestinian PM calls it "  piracy " and slams the Middle East Quartet Israeli security forces take transmitters , tapes , computers and paperwork , Wattan TV says Israel says the station 's broadcasts interfered with Israeli TV and flight communications Wattan TV vows to continue broadcasting
CNN  -- Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is to be tried on charges of having sex with an underage prostitute and abuse of power . . A judge in Milan has ruled a fast-tracked trial before three judges should begin in the city on April 6 . The case is the latest in a long-running series of legal wrangles featuring the scandal-plagued politician and billionaire media mogul . What is Berlusconi accused of ? Prosecutors allege that Berlusconi paid for sex with a 17-year-old nightclub dancer , Karima El Mahrough , nicknamed Ruby . They also claim he abused his position when he intervened to get her released from the jail where she was being held on charges of theft . In Italy , the age of consent is 14 , and it is not illegal to pay for sex . However , paying for sex with a minor  under 18  is a crime , and can be punished by up to three years in jail . Berlusconi has said the dancer had been introduced as a 24-year-old . Is this the only legal issue facing Berlusconi ? No . The 74-year-old Italian PM , currently serving his third term in office , also faces charges of bribing British lawyer David Mills to secure favorable testimony in legal cases . His trial , suspended last spring after he was granted temporary immunity , resumes next month . Mills denied receiving bribes and his conviction in the case was overturned last year . He has survived a series of political , corruption and sex scandals over the years , involving allegations of embezzlement , tax fraud and bribery . Berlusconi has been tried on at least 17 charges since he was first elected prime minister in 1994 , but none of the cases have resulted in lasting convictions ; several were overturned on appeal . He has always denied any wrongdoing , and had previously claimed immunity from prosecution , though a 2008 law granting him this was overturned the following year . How has he reacted to the claims ? Berlusconi insists he has never paid for sex -- "  not even once in my life " -- and says any suggestion he did so is "  degrading for my dignity . " Both he and El Mahrough , who is now 18 , deny ever having had sex with one another . But the young woman 's former roommate told investigators that El Mahrough confided to her that she did have a sexual relationship with the premier . Berlusconi says he did call the police on El Mahrough 's behalf , but denies this was an abuse of power . The billionaire media magnate and football club owner says the allegations against him are simply political mudslinging . His lawyers have called the investigation "  absurd and groundless " and a "  grave interference " in Berlusconi 's private life . So what happens now ? Judge Cristina di Censo has ruled that Berlusconi should face trial on the two charges -- having sex with an underage prostitute , and abuse of power . The court case , before three judges , is due to begin in Milan on April 6 . Berlusconi 's lawyers have previously argued that courts in Milan do not have jurisdiction in the case -- because of where the alleged crimes were committed -- or the authority to try a prime minister . Has the scandal damaged Berlusconi 's reputation ? Yes and no . Long-running scandals , a playboy lifestyle and a series of well-publicized gaffes have opened the Italian PM up to ridicule . There are signs Italians are tiring of the constant focus on his personal indiscretions , and many doubt the situation will improve . "  Should he resign ? They all should resign ; we are a joke . It is the country of jokes , " Fedrica , a 22-year-old coffee shop assistant in Rome told CNN recently . Thousands of Italians took to the streets in cities across the country -- and in Tokyo and Geneva -- on February 12 in protest at Berlusconi 's alleged behaviour towards women . A poll in the Italian daily newspaper , Corriere della Sera , found 56 percent of those questioned no longer want Berlusconi as PM . A TV poll found 61 percent felt he should resign , but 59 percent believed the government would continue as it is until its mandate ends in 2013 . Berlusconi has survived two votes of no confidence in recent months , and while his personal approval ratings have been dented , his party , the People of Freedom , still enjoys widespread support in Italy .	Prosecutors claim Berlusconi paid for sex with 17-year-old nightclub dancer PM denies allegations , says investigation is political mudslinging Berlusconi investigated on at least 17 charges since he was first elected in 1994
DORCHESTER , England  CNN  -- Englishman John Webber thought nothing of the small , shiny cup , passed down from his junk dealer grandfather and stashed under a bed for years , until appraisers said it was an ancient Persian artifact . The ancient Persian gold cup , thought to date from the third or fourth century B.C. , fetched $ 100,000 at auction . The 5 1/2 - inch gold cup , which experts have dated to the third or fourth century B.C. , fetched $ 100,000 at an auction in Dorchester , southern England , Thursday . The identity of the winning bidder was n't immediately known . The relic features the double faced ancient Roman god Janus , the god of gates and doors who always looked to both the future and past and is often associated with beginnings and endings . The cup has two faces with braided hair and entwined snake ornaments at the forehead . Webber 's grandfather , William Sparks , was a rag and bone man , the British term for a junk dealer , Duke 's said , who established the iron merchants Sparks and Son in Taunton , Somerset , in southwestern England , in the 1930s . Sparks acquired the cup along with two other pieces , also up for auction , in the 1930s or 1940s , the spokeswoman said . Watch CNN report on the auction " Before he died , Sparks gave the items to Webber , who did n't realize their value , the spokeswoman said . "  Because he mainly dealt in brass and bronze , I thought that was what it was made from , " Webber told the Bournemouth News and Picture Service . "  I put it in a box and forgot about it . Then last year I moved house and took it out to have a look , and I realized it was n't bronze or brass . "  I sent it to the British Museum , and the experts there had n't seen anything like it before and recommended I had it tested at a laboratory . So I paid quite a bit of money for it to be examined by a lab the museum recommended . And they found the gold dated from the third of fourth century B.C. " Webber , who is in his 70s , said he remembers the cup from when he was a small boy . "  It 's been quite exciting finding out what it was , " he told the agency . Webber brought the items to Duke 's at the start of the year for potential sale , because he wanted to "  realize some money , " the auction house spokeswoman said . A spokeswoman for Duke 's Auction House , which is selling the cup , said the cup is believed to be from the Archaemenid empire in ancient Persia . The other two items are a second century B.C. round gold mount with a figure , probably of ancient Greek hero Ajax , who besieged Troy , and a decorated gold spoon with an image of a Roman emperor . "  He had a good eye for quality over the years , " said the spokeswoman , who asked not to be named , "  and anything interesting he 'd put aside . " Scientists analyzed trace elements of a gold sample taken from the cup to determine its age , and analysts from Oxford University concluded that they are consistent with Archaemenid gold and goldsmithing , Duke 's said .	Gold cup stashed under bed for years is $ 100,000 ancient Persian artifact Small urn went under the hammer at auction in southern England Thursday Artifact acquired by junk dealer , grandfather of current owner , in the 1930s or 1940s Experts say it is believed to date from the third or fourth century B.C.
Washington  CNN  -- P.J. Crowley abruptly resigned Sunday as State Department spokesman over controversial comments he made about the Bradley Manning case . Sources close to the matter said the resignation , first reported by CNN , came under pressure from the White House , where officials were furious about his suggestion that the Obama administration is mistreating Manning , the Army private who is being held in solitary confinement in Quantico , Virginia , under suspicion that he leaked highly classified State Department cables to the website WikiLeaks . Speaking to a small group at MIT last week , Crowley was asked about allegations that Manning is being tortured and kicked up a firestorm by answering that what is being done to Manning by Defense Department officials "  is ridiculous and counterproductive and stupid . " Crowley did add that "  nonetheless , Bradley Manning is in the right place " because of his alleged crimes , according to a blog post by BBC reporter Philippa Thomas , who was present at Crowley 's talk . "  The unauthorized disclosure of classified information is a serious crime under U.S. law , " Crowley said in a statement Sunday . "  My recent comments regarding the conditions of the pre-trial detention of Private First Class Bradley Manning were intended to highlight the broader , even strategic impact of discreet actions undertaken by national security agencies every day and their impact on our global standing and leadership . "  The exercise of power in today 's challenging times and relentless media environment must be prudent and consistent with our laws and values , " Crowley said . "  Given the impact of my remarks , for which I take full responsibility , I have submitted my resignation . " Crowley has told friends that he is deeply concerned that mistreatment of Manning could undermine the legitimate prosecution of the young private . Crowley has also made clear he has the Obama administration 's best interests at heart because he thinks any mistreatment of Manning could be damaging around the world to President Obama , who has tried to end the perception that the United States tortures prisoners . Nevertheless , Crowley 's political fate was sealed Friday when Obama was asked at a White House news conference about his comments regarding Manning . Obama revealed that he had asked Pentagon officials "  whether or not the procedures that have been taken in terms of  Manning 's  confinement are appropriate and are meeting our basic standards . " In a comment that drew howls of protest from liberals , Obama added that Pentagon officials "  assure me that they are . I ca n't go into details about some of their concerns , but some of this has to do with Private Manning 's safety as well . " Manning 's treatment has become a flashpoint for liberals , with Amnesty International noting he has been confined to a windowless cell for 23 hours a day , is stripped down to his boxers at night and is not given pillows or blankets . Manning 's lawyer also says the young private recently had to sleep in the nude because defense officials thought there was a suicide threat and decided to take away his boxer shorts . Crowley is highly respected on foreign policy matters , dating back to his time as National Security Council spokesman under then-President Bill Clinton . He has been the Obama administration 's public face on many international stories as the daily briefer at the State Department for Secretary Hillary Clinton . But he has not had a completely smooth relationship with officials in the Obama White House , and eyebrows were raised several months ago when White House aide Mike Hammer was sent over to the State Department to serve as Crowley 's deputy . A senior White House official stressed that Crowley 's exit was in the works for months and said the MIT incident only "  hastened that departure . " "  Everybody likes P.J. . This was more a situation where it was n't the right fit , " said the official , noting there were times when Crowley was n't on the same page as Clinton , let alone the White House . Hammer will replace Crowley as the assistant secretary for public affairs , Clinton said in a statement Sunday . She said she accepted Crowley 's resignation "  with regret . " "  P.J. has served our nation with distinction for more than three decades , in uniform and as a civilian , " she said . "  His service to country is motivated by a deep devotion to public policy and public diplomacy , and I wish him the very best . " A little-known factor in Crowley 's comments about Manning was revealed Saturday by April Ryan , a White House correspondent for American Urban Radio who covered Crowley in the Clinton White House . Ryan wrote on Twitter that Crowley "  dislikes treatment of prisoners as his father was a Prisoner of War . " While it 's true that Crowley 's father was imprisoned during World War II , people close to him downplay that as a major factor in his comments about Manning , saying the biggest factor is simply that Crowley believes what he said . In his statement , Crowley said he leaves with "  great admiration and affection " for his colleagues and "  deep respect for the journalists who report on foreign policy and global developments every day , in many cases under dangerous conditions and subject to serious threats . Their efforts help make governments more responsible , accountable and transparent . "	NEW : Crowley 's exit was in the works for months , White House official says Crowley says he takes responsibility for his remarks on Bradley Manning He made the comments in a talk last week at MIT Manning is being held under suspicion that he leaked classified documents
CNN  -- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif will meet with the group known as the P5 plus 1 on Thursday during his visit to the United Nations , European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Monday . The P5 plus 1 includes Germany and the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- the United States , Russia , China , France , and Britain . There has been friction between Iran and Western nations over the country 's nuclear aspirations and Iran 's backing of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime in that country 's civil war . But world powers have been searching for ways to tackle both topics . After Zarif sat down with Ashton on Monday morning , she spoke to reporters about her first face-to-face meeting with the diplomat . "  As you know I spoke to him several times over the summer but this was the first opportunity for us to meet face to face , " Ashton said . "  We talked about a number of important issues , but focused on the nuclear issue . We had a good and constructive discussion . " She said there will be a "  short discussion " at the meeting this week . Ashton said she and Zarif agreed that they will meet in October "  with our teams in Geneva " Switzerland . Zarif was to meet with British Foreign Minister William Hague at 3 p.m. Monday in a closed-door meeting , a Western diplomat confirmed . Iran 's new president , Hassan Rouhani , has been making overtures toward the West that some analysts term as a charm offensive and others see as an opportunity for the West and Iran to forge a deal on the country 's nuclear weapons . Tehran says it wants to develop nuclear energy solely for peaceful purposes , but Western nations have long said that Iran is intent on developing nuclear weapons . The dispute about why Iran is seeking nuclear capability -- for energy or for bombs -- has prompted international sanctions and escalated concerns about additional warfare in the Middle East . "  We must work together to end the unhealthy rivalries and interferences that fuel violence and drive us apart , " Rouhani said in an op-ed column last week in the Washington Post . CNN 's Elise Labott and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report	Ashton , Iranian diplomat met Monday Iran 's nuclear aspirations have been controversial Hassan Rouhani , Iran 's president , says : "  End unhealthy rivalries "
GLADSTONE , Illinois  CNN  -- Residents of this small town in Illinois , like many others who live along the banks of the surging Mississippi River , raced against the clock Tuesday to erect a makeshift levee as rising floodwaters threatened . Residents of Gladstone , Illinois , work with the National Guard to create a makeshift levee . "  I 'm not moving , not moving my business , " said Byron Sebastian , a longtime resident of Gladstone , Illinois , who also serves on the city council . "  We 've got a lot of good people here helping to try to save this part of town . " Gladstone is one of many towns under threat Tuesday after rising waters breached a 300-foot area of a levee near Gulf Port , Illinois , before 5 a.m. Levees all along the mid-Mississippi were being topped with sandbags Tuesday as the river , fed by its flooded tributaries , continued to rise . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich called up 1,100 National Guard members to assist in sandbagging efforts , said Patti Thompson of the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . She also said inmates are helping on the levees and others are bagging sand in correctional institutions . "  We were very , very disappointed that this levee broke today , " said Thompson . "  It 's a very powerful river , and it can be hard to harness . " With the help of the National Guard , Sebastian and his fellow residents hustled Tuesday to build a barrier between Gladstone and the encroaching floodwaters . Even though Gladstone is about four miles from the banks of the Mississippi , the rising floodwaters have submerged homes and created rivers where crop fields once stood . The muddy townspeople worked with anxious resolve , cracking the occasional joke , as they filled bags with sand and dirt and loaded them onto ATVs . On the receiving end were members of the Illinois National Guard , who piled up the sandbags as the tops of cornstalks rose above the waters behind them . "  Threats can happen in all shapes and forms , so we are trying to help out , " said National Guardsman Capt. Lanny Finn , whose unit previously served in Iraq . "  We 'll be here for as long as we 're needed . " Sebastian , who lived through floods in 1993 , said he never thought he 'd have to experience them again . "  We thought that was bad , but this is a lot worse than it was in ' 93 , " said Sebastian . "  Now we got some lakefront property . " Elsewhere in Illinois , authorities closed the Great River Bridge on U.S. 34 , which connects Illinois to Iowa over the swollen Mississippi , as authorities evacuated about 400 people in Henderson County . The sheriff of Henderson County , where the Mississippi River borders the entire western edge of the county , said authorities are still concerned about the communities of Gulf Port , Carman , Lomax and Dallas City . Watch aerial views of the rising Mississippi " "  It 's been an uphill battle from the start , and the levee just broke loose , " he said . Sheriff John Jefferson of Hancock County , Illinois , said water was "  very , very close " to the top of some areas of the county 's two levees . "  We 've had to evacuate some areas already , but the areas that have not been evacuated yet , we 're just keeping our fingers crossed and hoping that the levee will hold , " he said . In two of the county 's communities , Rio Vista and Pontoosuc , power has been shut off in all but 20 residences , a spokeswoman for the sheriff 's office said . Missouri also began to feel the force of the surging Mississippi Tuesday , as water began to top multiple levees east of Highway 79 , forcing authorities to suspend sandbagging efforts at a levee near Foley , officials said Tuesday . In Northwest Missouri , towns and cities along the Mississippi River were bracing for flooding later this week as swollen waters head downriver . Communities at high risk of record flooding include Quincy , Illinois , and Hannibal , Missouri , according to National Weather Service modeling . Moderate flooding is possible later in the week in Alton , Illinois , and St. Louis , Missouri . The floods began heading downriver Monday to Illinois and Missouri , relieving Iowa somewhat after two weeks of natural disasters that killed 17 people , displaced 38,000 and caused more than $ 1 billion in crop damages . "  The good news is the floodwater is receding in much of the state , " said David Miller , administrator for the Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency Management Division . "  The bad news is we 're still in a flood fight . " President Bush said he and a team will travel to Iowa this week . State and federal officials also plan to meet there this week to decide the best way to house displaced residents , said Bill Vogel , a federal coordinator with the Federal Emergency Management Agency . In Washington , Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa said the flooding has devastated his state 's corn crop . Floods prompted farm-equipment manufacturer John Deere to idle two plants in Waterloo , Iowa , he said . Watch a farmer boat through his fields " "  Across eastern Iowa , the flooding rivers have washed out railroad lines ; Mississippi barge traffic has come to a halt and -LSB- flooding has -RSB- closed major roadways , " said Harkin , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee . "  Thousands of Iowa businesses , large and small , have been impacted . " Harkin said Iowans "  are a resilient and resourceful people , " but will need "  generous federal assistance " to recover . FEMA has set up six disaster recovery centers in Iowa and has provided nearly $ 4 million in assistance , state and federal officials reported . So far , 24 counties are under federal disaster declarations , making residents eligible for individual aid , Lt. Gov. Patty Judge reported . By Tuesday afternoon , residents of Cedar Rapids , Iowa , where the Cedar River inundated more than 400 city blocks , were beginning to return home as the rivers lessened , said Lu Barron , a Linn County supervisor . "  We 're doing pretty good , " she said . "  People are getting into their businesses , and getting into their homes . " she said . She estimated that thousands of people had returned to their homes after authorities inspected them to make sure they were safe . The death of one woman whose body was found in her car Monday was determined unrelated to the floods , said Courtney Greene , a spokeswoman for the governor 's office and the state Emergency Operations Center . Amtrak service from Chicago , Illinois , to St. Paul , Minnesota , and to Kansas City , Missouri , was disrupted by the flooding . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Towns rush to build makeshift barriers to hold back rising floodwaters NEW : Record flooding anticipated for towns in Illinois , Missouri High water forces officials to close U.S. 34 span between Iowa , Illinois FEMA sets up 6 centers in Iowa ; 24 counties declared disasters
CNN  -- Republicans are predicting big wins in the November midterms . Across the aisle , Democrats are saying the same thing about their chances at the polls . But both ca n't be right . Republicans speculate that they will take back the House -- and possibly the Senate -- as voters express their frustration at where Democrats and President Obama are taking the country . "  I think it 's pretty clear that the American people are tired of the job-killing agenda in Washington , D.C. . They want the spending spree to stop , " House Minority Leader John Boehner said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  I think we 're having a good year , but we 've got a lot of work to do before the Election Day on November 2 , " he said . Boehner advised Republicans heading home for the August recess to "  talk about the better solutions that Republicans have been offering over the last 18 months . " His counterpart in the House , Speaker Nancy Pelosi , encouraged her members to do the opposite . "  We 've been legislating for the past 18 months . The other side has been in campaign mode for 18 months , saying no , stopping job creation and the rest . But our members are the best salespersons for their own districts . They 've been elected there . They know their constituents , " she said on ABC 's "  This Week . " Sen. Carl Levin , a Democrat from Michigan , said that although his party will probably lose a couple of seats , "  it 's going to be a lot better than what people now look at . " Democrats hold a 256-179 advantage in the House and a 59-41 advantage in the Senate , including the two independents who caucus with Democrats . This year , 37 seats are up for grabs in the Senate , and 18 of those are considered at least somewhat vulnerable , according to The Rothenberg Political Report , a nonpartisan newsletter covering campaigns and politics . Eleven of those are held by Democrats , and seven are held by Republicans . In the House , all 435 seats are on the ballot , and 88 are considered vulnerable , according to Rothenberg . Twelve are held by Republicans , and 76 are held by Democrats . In order to net control , Republicans need to pick up 39 seats in the House and 10 in the Senate , said Nathan Gonzales , political editor of The Rothenberg Political Report . "  The most likely scenario is the Republicans gain 28 to 33 seats -- but the House is definitely in play . The majority is at significant risk for Democrats , " Gonzales said . In the Senate , however , Republicans have a tougher task . "  Republicans need to win every competitive race in order to take the majority . It 's possible but difficult , " Gonzales said . Although the election is still three months out , the trajectory of the cycle is not going to change , Gonzales added . "  Republicans will gain seats in November . We just do n't know how many yet , " he said . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs had some fellow Democrats fuming last month over his take on the midterms . "  I think there 's no doubt there are enough seats in play that could cause Republicans to gain control . There 's no doubt about that , " he told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Asked Sunday about those comments , Pelosi said , "  with all due respect , I do n't spend a whole lot of time thinking about what the president 's employees say about one thing or another . " "  We have a solid plan of messaging and mobilizing at the grass-roots level and management of our campaigns . And we have a two-to-one advantage money-wise . So we feel very confident about where we are , whether that 's well known to that gentleman or not , " she said . After facing backlash from Democrats , Gibbs revised his prediction and said the party will hold on to the House and Senate . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll indicates that Democrats and Republicans are tied on which party can bring the kind of change the country needs . The Republicans hold an 8-point margin over the Democrats on the question of which party shares the respondents ' view of the government and which party can effectively manage the government . "  These results illustrate the reasons why the Democrats are now behind on the so-called generic ballot question , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  The Democrats manage no better than a virtual tie on issues , but they are behind when it comes to handling the government . And when the presidency is not at stake , the congressional elections are the only way that voters can do something about the direction the government will take . " Full results of the poll  PDF A potential thorn for Democrats is the ethics cases dogging two House members . California Rep. Maxine Waters has chosen to face a House ethics trial rather than accept a finding of wrongdoing by the House ethics committee , according to a source familiar with the process . The ethics committee has been looking into whether Waters violated House rules when she helped arrange a meeting in September 2008 between Treasury Department officials and a bank she and her husband had ties to financially . Longtime Rep. Charlie Rangel also could face an ethics trial , barring a settlement between him and the committee members . The House ethics committee last week accused Rangel , a New York Democrat , of 13 violations of House rules involving alleged financial wrongdoing and harming the credibility of Congress . Bill Kristol , editor of conservative magazine The Weekly Standard , said Republicans would be "  foolish " to jump on the ethics problems because they are not unique to the Democratic Party . "  They should just shut up . There 's a bipartisan ethics committee . Let the process go forward , " he told Fox . "  Democrats are going to lose the House and suffer the loss of a lot of Senate seats because of their policies , " Kristol said . "  And the idea that Republicans should go around throwing stones at Charlie Rangel , I think , is just foolish on their part . " Lawmakers are entering the most crucial part of the campaign season , when candidates start to engage each other and their messages begin to stick with voters . But as the cliché goes , three months is an eternity in politics . "  I 'd love to have the election tomorrow , but obviously it 's not tomorrow , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell told Fox when asked whether anything short of a Republican takeover could be considered a victory for Democrats . "  If the election were today , we 'd certainly have a good day , but it 's a long way until November . They have a lot of money . They 've outspent us for the last three cycles , and I expect them to do it again . They 're not going to go down easily , " McConnell said .	"  I think we 're having a good year , " House Minority Leader John Boehner says "  The House is definitely in play , " political observer says House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says Democrats "  feel very confident about where we are " To gain control , Republicans need to pick up 39 seats in the House , 10 in the Senate
New York  CNN  -- The idea for getting married was partly Kevin 's idea . The 11-year-old also thought it would be neat if daddy and papa tied the knot on the same day the couple met 15-years earlier on a softball field . So Peter Mercurio -- papa -- and Daniel Stewart -- daddy -- started planning . "  I was walking Kevin to school one morning , " Mercurio said , explaining to his son that he did not know yet who would conduct the ceremony , or where . And he said , ` Do n't judges perform ceremonies ? Why do n't you try to contact the judge who finalized my adoption ? ' I said that was a great idea . " In Manhattan Family Court last July , with a few friends and family present , the state affirmed what the three guys had known instinctively for a long time : they were a family . Their story comes as the U.S. Supreme Court gets ready to debate on Tuesday and Wednesday the issue of same-sex marriage -- the legalities , the politics , the social implications . It is a personal narrative , though no less important -- than trying to figure out the meaning of the Constitution and the limits of "  equal protection . " Obama views on same-sex marriage reflect societal shifts A day old and abandoned "  I found a baby ! " Stewart 's voice was frantic , and the echoes from the A/C/E subway station on Eighth Avenue only added to the initial confusion . "  I said I had called 911 , but I did n't think they believed me . " "  I told him I did n't believe it either , " said Mercurio . But he rushed to the scene and to a remote area behind the turnstiles . There , wrapped in a dark sweatshirt , lying quietly , was a brown-skinned , day-old infant . Abandoned . They could have walked away , but they stayed . Authorities soon arrived and took the child , naming him Daniel Ace Doe -- for the man who found him , the subway line , and the sad anonymity . The story made news . A few months later , Stewart was called to testify in family court about . Opinion : Slowly , GOP shifting on same-sex marriage The judge dropped a bombshell : "  Would you be interested in adopting this baby ? " The answer was an immediate yes . But Stewart privately knew it would not be easy . His partner at first wanted to go slowly , or not at all . "  My first reaction when I heard : ` Are you insane ? How could you say yes without consulting me ? ' " said Mercurio , laughing at the memory . The couple had been together three years but their careers as an aspiring playwright and social worker took precedence at the time . Becoming parents and strengthening their bond was never discussed . "  I saw this opportunity here , this gift to be parents to this child . And how could we not say yes to that opportunity ? " Stewart said told CNN Justice Correspondent Joe Johns . "  It seemed like it was divine intervention -- it was meant to be . " Mercurio agreed . "  I think a lot of my initial response to Danny -- saying we were not ready to do this -- was all fear-based . And once I got over that , a calm set in . And you know , we went about methodically , preparing our lives for a child . " Line forms days ahead of same-sex argument Crib and blankets just before Christmas It was a mad scramble to get ready , parenting classes , crib , diapers , and blankets . Then just days before Christmas , they were told the baby would be transferred to their care . "  Our paternal instincts took over and it became a natural thing of how to take care of him , " Mercurio said . They took their son home on a snowy day , riding the same C train where they found him . As blessed as they felt , the couple knew there would be challenges . When they first held the boy -- whom they soon renamed Kevin -- at the foster home they found him guarded . "  In fact when we saw him he did n't blink . His eyes were just wide open and his arms were very stiff and tightly crossed across his chest , " said Mercurio . "  So we got him in this condition and we thought we just need to love this kid immediately , " added Stewart . "  So we played with him and build up his trust in parents . Build up his trust in adults -- that he could be cared for , nurtured , and loved . So we showered him with love and touch . Did n't take long . He loosened up . " CNN is not identifying Kevin by his last name or his picture , to protect his privacy . But he knows the story of his discovery . Gay couple fights for right to marry in epic high court battle A quiet family life Mercurio and Stewart created an illustrated child 's storybook , dramatizing the events -- from the subway to meeting his new family . "  One day he asked me : Dad is the story about me ? " said Stewart . "  I was very happy , " said Kevin . He likes sports , his school , and his friends . The family went back to the dark underground station . They were all a little nervous about how Kevin would react . "  I think that was important for him to see and know that because now he has a connection , " said Stewart . "  I mean it 's not just something abstract . He really has seen , and knows , and understands . And he has taking a lot of pride in that spot . That 's his station . That 's his place . This is where we became a family . " Stewart and Mercurio are not activists . They live , quiet lives in Manhattan and like all parents , find joy and occasional frustration in raising a soon-to-be teenager . "  You know sometimes in life you have to say yes , " Mercurio said . "  And we said ` yes ' to becoming this baby 's parents and it was the best ` yes ' decision we have ever made in our lives . " Stewart said the story speaks to a core of humanity . "  I mean , deep down when you strip away all those layers , all those labels , we 're all human beings and were all connected by certain things that we need in our lives -- love , " he said . Married same-sex couple awaits epic high court appeal CNN 's Joe Johns and Stacey Samuel contributed to this story .	Story of a same-sex couple personalizes family as Supreme Court readies for arguments Baby was found abandoned in a New York City subway station ` Papa ' and ` Daddy ' wed on the anniversary of meeting -- but they were already a family The family lives a quiet life in Manhattan
Pizza , pasta , Verdi , the Coliseum , runway models . We know Italy does some things incomparably well . But travelers to the elegant boot do n't just want to eat spaghetti , deal with opera and gawk at old ruins . Beyond the clichés , you 'll find 10 other surprising ways in which Italy shines . More on CNN : Verdi : Exploring the Italian hometown of a musical genius 1 . Flattery Depending on whether or not you think the occasional catcall or butt grab is flattering , you 'll find Italians are aggressively complimentary of friends and beautiful strangers alike . A historical tool for both disarming and defusing , flattery is the fulcrum on which Italian society teeters . As Luigi Barzini writes in "  The Italians , " "  The people have always employed such arts offensively , to gain advantages , destroy rivals and conquer power and wealth ; and defensively , as the squid uses ink , to blind and confound powerful men , dictators and tyrants . " But you 'll likely only notice the butt grabs . 2 . Hot baths If flattery does n't get you out of your clothes , the peninsula 's 380 spa sites offering healing mud and bubbles will . Boiling as much beneath the surface as its people , Italy pioneered the world 's first large-scale spas , exporting them as they colonized Europe . Watery therapies include island baths  such as those on volcanic Ischia  , Tuscan hot springs , mountain baths in the town of Bormio and the thermal park of Lake Garda . Just drinking the mineral-rich water in some places is reputed to be healthy . So convinced is the Italian government of the healing power of hot springs and geothermal mud packs that it covers the cost of some therapies for its citizens . Free hot springs in Tuscany : www.turismo.intoscana.it 3 . Cursing Be it in Italian or any other language , the accent of native Italy turns any expletive into a blunt force instrument . Rhythmic , staccato and with an almost operatic legato that fuses syllables together like a hammer-on guitar note , swearing here is a performance art . Inspired mostly by pigs , anatomical exit points and promiscuous women , Italian profanities -- which vary by region -- sound equal parts dramatic , angry and comical . Powered by the passion characteristic of the Italian people , the results stun , intimidate and even charm their recipients , sometimes all at once . More on CNN : 15 best coffee bars in Rome 4 . Beach bumming With 7,400 kilometers  4,600 miles  of coastline , Italy boasts the most beaches in Europe , as well as 27 marine parks . Summer temperatures peak in many places at just below 30 C  86 F  , compared with the mid 20s  70s F  in France and Portugal . It 's like swimming in tropical waters , minus the sharks and trinket hawkers . When it comes to beaches , it 's a tough choice between blinding-white dunes , pebble and even turf shores , but 248 Italian beaches have been awarded Blue Flag status for clear waters and unspoiled sands . More on CNN : Italy 's best beaches and islands 5 . Pop-up governments Italians tear through regimes like their sports cars do dinosaur juice . Since the end of World War II , Italy has established 62 governments under 38 prime ministers  40 if you count Silvio Berlusconi 's three total terms  , and only one has lasted a full five years . Fearing the rise of another Mussolini , Italy 's constitutional system years ago provided for a weak executive branch that requires majorities in both legislative houses just to get anything done . That , combined with an already fractured political landscape of small , warring parties , puts Italy 's average MPG  months per government  barely over 12 . 6 . Volcanoes Ten active volcanoes allow Italy 's geology to vent the way voting gives release to its citizens . The country 's  and Europe 's  largest volcano is Mt. Etna in Sicily , the world 's second most active volcano after Hawaii 's Mauna Loa . Etna 's spectacular eruptions , soot-blackened scenery , lava flows and extensive caves draw more than a million tourists a year . It leads TripAdvisor 's top-10 must-see volcanoes list , along with four other Italian spouters , including Mt. Vesuvius . In June , Etna became a UNESCO World Heritage Site , joining three other Italian volcanoes , including the Aeolian islands of Vulcano  no translation prizes there  , Lipari and Stromboli , known as the Mediterranean 's Lighthouse for its breathtaking eruptions . Mt. Etna tours and excursion : www.sicilytravel.net More on CNN : Scandal-rocked Pompeii finally gets a makeover 7 . Dessert Apple pie is good and all , and it 's never a bad time for a sticky slice of baklava , but for sheer volume and variety of treats , nothing beats Italian sweets . Much is made of the peninsula 's food , the usual suspects being pizza , pasta and antipasti . But the real stars of Italian cuisine are gelato , tiramisu , cannoli , Neapolitan , biscotti spumoni , tartufo , zeppole -- hell , Italy has nearly as many signature desserts as it 's had governments . Italian confectioners work in all media , too , combining cakes , cookies and creams both iced and otherwise to create the world 's vastest , tastiest arsenal of desserts . Ironically , Italians do n't even really eat this stuff , most often preferring a piece of fruit or chocolate after a meal instead . More : $ 84 gelati ! Greatest travel rip off ? 8 . Caving Rich in crumbly , sieve-like karstic landscapes , Italy is one of the most cave-pocked countries on the planet , with more than 35,000 cavities above ground and thousands more underwater . Grotta Gigante holds the Guinness World Record for largest accessible cave on Earth at a yawning 850 meters  2,788 feet  wide , with 500 steps that descend 100 meters  328 feet  into the earth . Other notable caves include the Blue Grotto on Capri , where Emperor Tiberius loved to swim . Inside the Grotta del Vento , winds whip through its tortuous trails at 40 kilometers an hour . More info : Rock climbing and caving in Italy More on CNN : 24-hour tourism : Rome in a day 9 . Sports cars Eliciting more turns per head than even its fashion models do , Italy 's catalog of exotic land jets is what Porsche drivers dream about . What began as a racecar manufacturer in the 1930s has become the standard bearer for aspirational autos -- in 2012 , Ferrari sold just 7,000 cars , but booked $ 3 billion in revenues . Meanwhile , Lamborghini may be owned by German Audi now , but the hips are still all Italiano . Pagani , Alfa Romeo , Maserati -- these names are sex on wheels . Italy does n't even crack the top 20 in global auto production , but for out-of-your-league supercars that cover more adolescent male bedroom walls than Kate Upton , no other country can outrace Italy . 10 . River cruises Unlikely to be among the top two or three or hundred things that spring to mind when you think of Italy , river cruising on the peninsula is actually a vibrant business , and new routes keep opening up . Italian rivers are n't as long or easily navigated as those in the rest of Europe , but visitors can float from one beautiful UNESCO World Heritage Site to another . Po River Travel , UniWorld and European Waterways offer week-long cruises that take in areas like the Venice Lagoon , Manuta , Padu , the Po Valley and Verona , the city of Romeo and Juliet . More info : Euro river cruises	Italy loves hot baths so much that it covers the cost of some therapies for citizens Italy boasts the most beaches in Europe , 248 of which have been awarded Blue Flag status Pizza 's great , but Italy truly shines in its amazing array of delicious desserts
CNN  -- If you plan on watching the Super Bowl Sunday , there is one aspect of the game that can be predicted with absolute certainty : You 'll be bombarded with instant replays so continuously that you 'll stop noticing they 're there . I 'm not referring to the occasional replays that determine whether an official on the field has made the right call . Those usually come at dramatic junctures . The instant replays that will wash over you are the routine ones we 've all become accustomed to in every televised sport : the rebroadcast , usually in slow motion , of the play that has just occurred . The block that cleared the way for a 30-yard gain , the catch made in traffic just before the defenders level a receiver ... we take it on faith that as soon as a play has ended , we 'll likely see it from a different angle again  and again ... and again  . A case can be made that instant replays , while an enjoyable tool for watching sporting events , have worked their way into the wider nonsporting world in ways that are far from beneficial . In the context of the streets and homes of the United States , they are not an unmixed blessing . There was a time when instant replay had never been seen by American sports fans . If you watched a game on television , you had to pay pretty close attention . If you missed the touchdown run , the buzzer-beating basket , you were n't going to see it again before the game concluded . This made for a lot of dead air between plays . Then , on Dec. 7 , 1963 , during the Army-Navy football game , a CBS sports director named Tony Verna , using newly available videotape technology , showed an Army touchdown for a second time right after the runner crossed the goal line . Broadcast lore has it that play-by-play announcer Lindsey Nelson , not wanting viewers to be confused , yelled into his microphone : "  This is not live ! Ladies and gentlemen , Army did not score again ! " What happened in the ensuing years , you know about . Instant replay became an integral part of sports broadcasts . If a game were to be telecast today without instant replays , it would appear incomplete and unsatisfying . Viewers would become frustrated . As instant replay became so ubiquitous on sports telecasts , a subtle shift occurred in everyday life . We had become used to seeing everything that transpired on athletic fields shown over and over ; if we did n't see the big play the first time , it did n't matter , because we knew we 'd be seeing it again right away . And before long , we began to demand the same thing from life itself . Technology obliged . Instant replay capability became available to all of us . The ramifications of this , it can be argued , have turned out to be complicated and less than ideal . Moments have ceased to be momentary . Life has turned into dress rehearsal . First came home-video cameras ; people at family gatherings began to pop the tapes into VHS playback machines as the parties were still in progress , reliving celebratory toasts while the guests still had the drinks in their hands , scrutinizing themselves on screens before memories had even begun to form . Camera phones took this into new territory ; every person with a phone became as powerful as Tony Verna in that CBS control room , able without delay to immediately transmit moving pictures to networks of acquaintances , or to public video-posting sites , for viewing by anyone in the world . On one level it 's a marvelous development , endlessly fascinating . Yet there is this nagging feeling that real life has been converted into a series of moments that are no longer expected to be here and gone , but instead are regarded as first run-throughs : performances that will be witnessed repeatedly , on demand . When you habitually view the world through the lens of a digital camera , knowing that it will take only seconds for you to transform something that has not yet happened into something that , in theory , will live forever , you inadvertently are accomplishing something else : You are altering , devaluing , the meaning of "  now . " We cease paying quite so much attention to what 's taking place around us , to savoring it , because we have become conditioned to believe that there is nothing that wo n't come around again in rerun -- probably within minutes . Knowing that the odds are slim that if we miss something we 'll really miss it , we do n't focus as sharply . The replay , paradoxically , seems more authentic than the original act . There 's no going back ; Tony Verna may or may not have been aware of what he started during that Army-Navy game in 1963 , but what commenced that day was the beginning of the end of the concept of here-and-gone . Security cameras are mounted in so many places today that , on city streets and in stores and office buildings , you 're on stage more constantly than Milton Berle or Lucille Ball ever were in the early days of television . Your every movement is being recorded just as precisely and diligently as those of the wide receiver who stretches to put the football over the goal line in the Super Bowl . For all that has been gained with this , something essential has started to drift away : The idea that a moment is a moment , transitory and somehow more precious because it 's never coming around again . These days , you ca n't be sure that it will ever leave . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	On Dec. 7 , 1963 , a television sports director introduced the instant replay Bob Greene says that event changed sports broadcasting -- and more He says people expect that every moment of their lives can be replayed Greene : Something was lost when the "  here and gone " nature of reality vanished
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama will deliver the eulogy Thursday at the funeral of civil rights leader Dorothy Height , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Tuesday . Height 's funeral is set for 10 a.m. ET Thursday at Washington National Cathedral . Height died last week at the age of 98 . The lasting impact of her life was reflected Tuesday evening by the hundreds of people who came out to pay their respects at her viewing at the National Council of Negro Women , an organization that she served as national president for 41 years . People lined three city blocks in Washington to attend the viewing and praised Height as a leader . "  To me she 's a part of history for women 's rights and the civil rights movement , " Delores Levalle said while waiting to enter the building . Many of the people attending the viewing emphasized how inspirational she was as a woman and as a leader of the civil rights movement , a woman who stood beside Martin Luther King Jr. during his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech . Patricia Green , who worked with Height in the 1970s , said she believes "  this outpouring of affection for her is an understanding of the unique contribution she has made not just to African-American history , but to American history in general . " CNN 's Hunter Burgarella contributed to this report .	President Obama will deliver the eulogy for civil rights leader Dorothy Height The funeral is set for 10 a.m. E.T. Thursday at Washington National Cathedral Height , 98 , was a former president of the National Council of Negro Women People lined three city blocks to attend a viewing in Washington on Tuesday
CNN  -- Law student Blake Rider summed up the feelings of many Democrats late Tuesday night : "  I can finally sleep again , " he said . President Barack Obama was was re-elected with 303 electoral votes to Mitt Romney 's 206 . In a race that seemed too close to call until the votes were tallied , Americans ultimately chose four more years . Even though voters indicated to pollsters that their financial situation is the same or worse than it was four years ago , they put their trust in the president . Obama "  got off to a semi-rocky start , but I think that with another four years , we have a good chance , " said Brian Anderson , who celebrated Obama 's victory in the streets of Washington . "  We have a foundation now . ... We can only go up from here . " "  His re-election ... will allow me to stay in school and have health protection , " agreed Atlanta college student Cydney Fisher . Like Fisher , many Americans considered health care when voting ; exit polls had its importance second only to the economy . Mitt Romney supporters were obviously disappointed with the results of the close election , but they were comforted somewhat by the House of Representatives remaining under Republican control . "  Hopefully Obama can turn it around , " wrote CNN.com commenter otacon7272 . "  At least he wo n't be able to make things that much worse with the GOP in control of the House . " Others were n't quite so optimistic . "  I 'm sorry , but what I see ahead for America is what we see in Third World countries now , " said Kathi Cordsen of Fullerton , California . "  Everyone is poor except the government ; everyone relies on the government for everything . " Members of both parties were quick to weigh in on what they 'd like to see in the next four years . "  Let 's see some action this time , " said Dina Boyer of Palo Alto , California . She 's an Obama supporter , but hopes the president 's policies will have a more concrete effect on her life in the next four years , such as allowing her to make a living wage and stop using food stamps . "  I would also like to see a New Deal of sorts , more money put into rebuilding states and cities hit by disaster or economic ruin . " "  I want to see Obama get spending under control , " said Romney voter Elizabeth Lauten . The D.C. resident had hoped that Romney would cut the deficit if he won . "  I think  Obama  believes he wants to increase taxes on the wealthy . I do n't agree with that , but there has to be a solution . " And some questioned whether the election would make much of a difference to the country at all . "  I see little being accomplished unless members of Congress and the president finally start talking with one another , find where they can agree and do what is right for we , the people , " said Republican Mark Ivy of Farmersburg , Indiana . "  I am not sure if either Republicans or Democrats will be that willing to compromise . Once elected , we expect our officials to lay aside the party hats and work for all Americans . I am afraid they wo n't . " But Rider -- the sleepless Obama voter who can finally get some rest -- disagrees . "  I think it has a profound impact , " he said . "  I just think  it  is a fundamental question of which direction we want to take -- there is symbolism here . " Opinion : Five things Obama must do CNN 's Henry Hanks , Jareen Imam and Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	Voters sharply divided on what Obama win means for U.S. Democrats say Obama 's laid a foundation and can now take action Republicans hope to see bipartisan efforts CNN iReport : What do you think the election means for you ?
Health.com  -- The small fraction of women who choose intrauterine devices  IUDs  or under-skin implants as their preferred method of birth control may be on to something : According to a new study , these long-acting forms of contraception are 20 times better at preventing unintended pregnancies than the Pill and other short-term methods . The study , published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine , compared the effectiveness of various types of birth control in a group of about 7,500 sexually active women in the St. Louis area . Over a period of three years , 9.4 % of women using birth control pills , patches , or vaginal rings became pregnant accidentally , compared to just 0.9 % of women who opted for IUDs or implants . The difference in these so-called contraceptive failure rates was especially dramatic among teenagers and young women , a group at high risk for unintended pregnancies . Women under age 21 who used short-term birth control were nearly twice as likely as their older counterparts to become pregnant , whereas the failure rate for IUDs and implants was less than 1 % regardless of age . "  It 's not that birth control pills are n't effective , because they are -- when they 're used perfectly , " says Jeffery Peipert , M.D. , a study author and professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Washington University Medical School , in St. Louis . "  But humans are n't perfect , and it 's normal to forget to take a pill every day or file for prescription refills every month . " Health.com : What 's the best birth control for you ? Birth control pills , the method of choice for 28 % of U.S. women , are the most commonly used form of reversible contraception , but their effectiveness depends on consistent daily use . Nationally representative surveys have reported failure rates with the Pill similar to those seen in the current study . Patches and rings require less attentiveness than pills , but they still leave room for human error . The birth control patch  known by its brand name , Ortho Evra  needs to be changed weekly , while the vaginal ring  known as NuvaRing  needs to be changed once a month . By contrast , IUDs and implants are designed to be foolproof . An IUD , a T-shaped piece of plastic inserted into the uterus by a gynecologist , can remain in place for five to 10 years . Implants such as Implanon and Nexplanon , matchstick-size devices inserted below the skin on the upper arm that release a slow trickle of hormones , can last up to three years . Despite being far more effective than pills , IUDs and implants -- collectively known as long-acting reversible contraception  LARC  -- have proven to be less popular with women . According to the latest government data , just 5.5 % of women on birth control use IUDs and less than 1 % use implants . Health.com : The worst birth control mistakes "  When a woman tells her ob-gyn that she wants to go on birth control , most doctors offer the Pill right off the bat , " Peipert says . "  That needs to change . If there were a drug for cancer that was 20 times more effective , we would obviously recommend that first -- and that 's what we should be doing for contraception , as well . " A third type of birth control , the hormone injections sold under the brand name Depo-Provera , had a low failure rate comparable to those of IUDs and implants , the study found . That rate may not accurately reflect the real-world effectiveness of the shots , however , since the study included only women who received them every three months , as required , Peipert says . Eve Espey , M.D. , a professor of ob-gyn at the University of New Mexico , in Albuquerque , says doctors in her field have been anxiously awaiting the publication of these findings , which emerged from a broader ongoing study , known as the Contraceptive CHOICE Project , that was developed to promote LARC use in and around St. Louis . "  It definitely confirms what most people in family planning have expected , that the LARC methods are by far the most effective , " says Espey , who was not involved in the study . "  We 've been anticipating this CHOICE data for a while , because it 's such a great way to look at outcomes of different contraceptive methods in real life . " Health.com : What 's healthier : the pill or an IUD ? The CHOICE project , however , differs from real life in key ways that may shed light on why IUDs are n't more widely used . The project , which is funded in part by the Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation , was purposefully designed to remove all financial barriers to the use of IUDs and implants , which have a high upfront cost -- $ 500 or more -- and are n't always covered by insurance . All of the study participants , who ranged in age from 14 to 45 , received a prescription for their preferred birth control method for two to three years , free of charge . With cost taken out of the equation , more than three-quarters of the participants opted for an IUD or implant -- a proportion roughly 10 times higher than in the general population . In addition , the participants talked with a doctor about the risks and benefits of each birth control method before making a selection . This counseling session also may have helped to encourage IUD and implant use by dispelling many of the misconceptions that surround long-term birth control , Peipert says . Health.com : Common birth control side effects IUDs , for instance , have n't fully shaken the bad reputation they earned in the 1970s , when an early device known as the Dalkon Shield was pulled from the market after it was found to cause infection and injury . Decades later , some gynecologists still are n't trained to insert IUDs , and others believe that many women -- such as those who have never had children -- are not good candidates for the method , Peipert says . In fact , today 's IUDs and implants have been shown to be safe and effective for a wide range of women , including teenagers , Espey says . Women who are interested in trying one should talk to a gynecologist , or more than one , she adds . "  If you 're told that you 're not a good candidate , you should n't necessarily take that at face value , " she says . "  You might need to take an advocacy role for yourself if you really want the best options available to you . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Long-acting forms of contraception 20 times more effective than daily pill Failure rates for pill were especially dramatic among teenagers and young women Birth control pills are the method of choice for 28 % of U.S. women
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Comic book fans have been waiting for years for a film to be made of "  Watchmen , " the famed graphic novel about a group of misfit crimefighters battling a plot to eliminate their members while the world awaits nuclear war . Malin Akerman , who plays the second Silk Spectre , says "  Watchmen " will make fans proud . Now that the film is complete and set for release Friday , the cast of the adaptation is confident the movie will meet fans ' high expectations . "  We 've heard a few comments from diehard fans where they 're just saying , ` Wow , we 're really impressed , ' " said Malin Akerman , who plays Laurie Jupiter/Silk Spectre II in the movie . Praising director Zack Snyder , whose resume includes the highly successful "  300 " and "  Dawn of the Dead , " Akerman said the film will make fans proud . "  This is just sort of a huge feat for Zack to take on . But him being a true fan , he came in with the mind of these fanboys and really kept that in mind and I think that he did a great job , " she said . "  Watchmen " had a long road to the screen . The original comic book series by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons came out in 1986 and 1987 and was compiled into a book . Since then it has been considered both brilliant -- it made Time magazine 's list of the 20th century 's greatest novels -- and unfilmable . Watch "  Watchmen " stars talk about the film at its premiere " Rights passed from studio to studio , with any number of directors attached  including Terry Gilliam and Paul Greengrass  , before ending up with Warner Bros.  like CNN , a division of Time Warner  and Snyder . A longtime fan himself , Snyder said he was determined to remain true to the book . "  Zack respected the source material so much that he knew the only way to adapt it was to hew as close to the source material as possible , " said Snyder 's wife and producing partner , Deborah Snyder . EW : A "  Watchmen " primer Jackie Earle Haley , who stars in the film as Rorschach , said Snyder 's passion for the film will lead to its success among dedicated fans . "  I think the film does to the comic book film genre what -LSB- ` Watchmen ' -RSB- the comic book does to the comic book genre , " Haley said . "  I think Zack captured it ... and it 's just an in-your-face , kick-butt comic book film , but it 's got that extra depth , it 's a little smarter . " Fans of the comic book have been scrutinizing the film "  every step of the way , " said Jeffrey Dean Morgan . But , he added , "  It 's going to blow people away even with these high frigging expectations that everybody has . " Indeed , there have been any number of challenges . The comic book is set in an alternative 1985 in which the United States and Soviet Union are on the verge of nuclear war , so there were period details to attend to . There are some superhero accessories , such as a flying machine nicknamed Archie , as well as the character Dr. Manhattan , a blue , extremely powerful and often naked Superman type . Carla Gugino lost herself in the part of Sally Jupiter , an early female crimefighter who is the mother of Akerman 's character . That immersion -- which included age makeup for scenes in which Sally is in her 60s -- made the film easier to watch , she said . "  I look at it and do n't feel like I 'm watching myself , which then liberates you , because I am my own worst , harshest critic , " she said . "  There was something about watching Sally older and I was like , ` Oh , that seems like a different woman ... ' and I can sort of see her for what she is . " iReport.com : Are you excited for "  Watchmen " ? Billy Crudup , who plays Dr. Manhattan , said seeing himself transformed with the effects of computer-generated imaging was astonishing . "  I was totally flabbergasted by the level of detail and sophistication that went into making Dr. Manhattan real , " he said . In some cases , the actors were as excited as they expect fans to be . Morgan enjoyed delving deep into the character of Edward Blake , or The Comedian , and said the role allowed him to live his childhood dream . "  We got to play superheroes . We got to do something that I used to do when I was 12 years old , " he said . "  This is always the guy that I wanted to be when I was 12 and I get to do it at 40 years old . " CNN.com 's Elham Khatami contributed to this article .	"  Watchmen " film has been anticipated since comic books in mid - '80s Film to be released Friday ; stars are proud of finished product Actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan : "  We got to play superheroes "
Women face shocking disparities when buying health insurance on the individual market : In the vast majority of states , nearly all the best-selling plans charge women more than men for the same coverage , a discriminatory practice known as "  gender rating . " New research by the National Women 's Law Center released Monday shows that , in states that have not banned gender rating , 92 % of the top plans charge women more -- despite the fact that the vast majority of them do not cover maternity services . This indefensible practice will not abate until the Affordable Care Act is fully implemented in 2014 . The practice of gender rating costs women about $ 1 billion a year , based on average advertised premiums and the most recent data on the number of women in the individual market . For a woman in Texas struggling to get by on a low-wage job , pay for child care , and make the rent , being forced to pay an extra $ 646 a year in premiums because she is a woman can be an insurmountable hurdle . In Florida , women pay as much as $ 1,141 extra per year in premiums . Even smaller disparities in premiums can take a toll on women year after year . On top of that , women may be required to pay extra for inadequate maternity coverage , or pay the full cost of maternity care itself , which averages $ 9,600 for an uncomplicated delivery . The discrimination is so pronounced and the practice so arbitrary that in most states , women who do not smoke are often charged more than men who do smoke . For example , the center found that 56 % of best-selling plans charge a 40-year-old woman who does not smoke more than a 40-year-old man who does . Only nine states require insurers on the individual market to provide maternity coverage . In states where maternity coverage is not mandated , a shocking 94 % of health plans available to a 30-year-old woman do not provide such coverage . And in 25 states , not a single insurance plan on the individual market covers maternity services . To add insult to injury , women who have been survivors of domestic violence or who have had Caesarian sections -- so-called "  pre-existing conditions " -- can be denied coverage . Peggy Robertson of Colorado , with whom I testified at a Senate hearing in 2009 , told senators that because of her previous C-section , an insurer told her she could only obtain coverage if she were sterilized . My organization has been researching the disparities that women face in this insurance market for years . In 2008 , 93 % of best-selling individual plans charged women higher premiums . Today , it 's 92 % . Clearly , it 's not changing , and insurance companies will continue to dig in their heels and discriminate until the law forces them to change . Only 14 states have limited or banned gender rating on the individual market , including , most recently , California , Colorado , and New Mexico . But this problem is clearly not going away by itself . This national problem demands a national solution and , fortunately , we have one in the Affordable Care Act . That 's one reason why the National Women 's Law Center has launched a campaign to educate women about the benefits of the health care law , including the end of insurance discrimination . The center 's new campaign , I Will Not Be Denied ™ , tells women about the benefits of the Affordable Care Act and engages them to fight to protect the law . On Monday , the center released a video of intimate portraits of women on the campaign 's website . More than 30 organizations have joined the campaign , from women 's organizations to health care advocacy groups to those representing physicians and other health care providers . The Affordable Care Act is so important to women 's health . It bans pre-existing condition exclusions , prohibits gender rating and other forms of sex discrimination in health care , guarantees maternity coverage for all , and ensures that new plans cover recommended preventive care -- such as birth control , without co-payments or deductibles . As we 've seen recently in the debate over access to birth control , the promise of expanded access to affordable health care for women only comes with the force of law behind it . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention designated advances in contraception as one of the 10 most important developments in health care of the 20th century , reducing both maternal and infant mortality . Under the Affordable Care Act , millions more women are already getting preventive services like mammograms , Pap smears and colonoscopies without a co-pay , and later this year , millions more will have access to well-woman exams , screening for domestic violence -- and birth control without a co-pay or deductible . The Affordable Care Act is under attack in Congress and is being challenged in the Supreme Court , which will hear oral arguments on Monday in the health care litigation . The obstacles women face in gaining access to insurance and health care take an acute economic toll on them , as our report shows , and on the U.S. economy as a whole . Women have a tremendous stake in the outcome of these cases . Women are more likely than men to forgo preventive care if it 's too expensive , to be under-insured and to report problems paying medical bills . For these reasons , the center submitted an amicus brief on behalf of 60 organizations to the Supreme Court , as we did in four previous Courts of Appeal cases , setting out what 's at stake for women in the Affordable Care Act and the health care litigation . The Affordable Care Act is one of the most significant advances for women in our nation 's history . This is no time to enable discrimination to continue and even turn back the clock on women 's health .	Marcia Greenberg : 92 % of the top health insurance plans charge women more than men "  Gender rating " for exact same coverage costs women $ 1 billion a year , she says Handful of states have banned practice , she writes , but it is a national problem that will persist She says Affordable Care Act will ban this , as well as "  pre-existing condition " turnaways
CNN  Your guide to the best new children 's and young adult literature is here . The winners of the 2015 Newbery , Caldecott , Printz , Coretta Scott King and other prestigious youth media awards were announced Monday morning by the American Library Association . In addition to books , these awards highlight videos and other creative materials produced for children over the past year . Diverse authors and titles from 2014 , such as "  The Crossover " by Kwame Alexander and "  Brown Girl Dreaming " by Jacqueline Woodson , were highlighted with many awards , causing the audience to cheer the choices by the committees . The Caldecott Medal went to "  The Adventures of Beekle : The Unimaginary Friend , " illustrated and written by Dan Santat , which follows the journey of an imaginary friend in search of his perfect match . The Newbery Medal was awarded to "  The Crossover " by Kwame Alexander , a story about family and brotherhood told through verse by 12-year-old twin basketball players Josh and Jordan Bell . Parents can use these titles as a guide when considering what books to recommend to their children and teens , while teachers and librarians look to the award-winning and runner-up titles as a helpful list of what to keep on the shelves in classrooms and libraries . The ALA Youth Media Awards were announced during the organization 's winter meeting in Chicago and selected by a national judging committee of librarians and children 's literature experts . Here 's the list of winners : John Newbery Medal for most outstanding contribution to children 's literature "  The Crossover , " written by Kwame Alexander Honor books : "  El Deafo , " written and illustrated by Cece Bell "  Brown Girl Dreaming , " written by Jacqueline Woodson ` Lemony Snicket ' author sorry for ` racist ' joke at National Book Awards Randolph Caldecott Medal for the most distinguished American picture book for children "  The Adventures of Beekle : The Unimaginary Friend , " illustrated and written by Dan Santat Honor books : "  Nana in the City , " illustrated and written by Lauren Castillo "  The Noisy Paint Box : The Colors and Sounds of Kandinsky 's Abstract Art , " illustrated by Mary GrandPré and written by Barb Rosenstock "  Sam and Dave Dig a Hole , " illustrated by Jon Klassen "  Viva Frida , " illustrated and written by Yuyi Morales "  The Right Word : Roget and his Thesaurus , " written by Jen Bryant and illustrated by Melissa Sweet "  This One Summer , " illustrated by Jillian Tamaki and written by Mariko Tamaki Coretta Scott King awards for an African-American author and illustrator Author award : Jacqueline Woodson for "  Brown Girl Dreaming " Illustrator award : Christopher Myers for "  Firebird , " written by Misty Copeland Honor books : Illustrator Christian Robinson for "  Josephine : The Dazzling life of Josephine Baker , " written by Patricia Powell Illustrator Frank Morrison for "  Little Melba and Her Big Trombone , " written by Katheryn Russell-Brown Author Kwame Alexander for "  The Crossover " Author Marilyn Nelson for "  How I Discovered Poetry , " illustrated by Hadley Cooper Author Kekla Magoon for "  How It Went Down " Coretta Scott King/John Steptoe New Talent Award Author Jason Reynolds for "  When I Was the Greatest " Coretta Scott King-Virginia Hamilton Award for lifetime achievement for illustrator/author Deborah D. Taylor Margaret A. Edwards Award , for an author 's significant and lasting contribution to young adult literature Sharon M. Draper for "  Tears of a Tiger , " "  Forged by Fire , " "  Darkness Before Dawn , " "  The Battle of Jericho , " "  November Blues " and "  Copper Sun . " Diversity in young adult fiction May Hill Arbuthnot Honor Lecture , recognizing an author , critic , librarian , historian or teacher of children 's literature Author Pat Mora will deliver the 2016 Arbuthnot Lecture . Pura Belpre awards for a Latino writer and illustrator whose children 's books best portray , affirm and celebrate the Latino cultural experience Illustrator : Yuyi Morales for "  Viva Frida " Author : Marjorie Agosin for "  I Lived on Butterfly Hill , " illustrated by Lee White Honor books : Illustrator Susan Guevara for "  Little Roja Riding Hood , " written by Susan Middleton Elya Illustrator John Parra for "  Green is a Chile Pepper , " written by Roseanne Greenfield Thong Illustrator Duncan Tonatieuh for "  Separate is Never Equal : Sylvia Mendez and Her Family 's Fight for Desegregation " Author Juan Felipe Herrera for "  Portraits of Hispanic American Heroes " Laura Ingalls Wilder Award , honoring an author or illustrator whose books , published in the U.S. , have made a substantial and lasting contribution to literature for children . Donald Crews Stonewall Book Award , the Mike Morgan & Larry Romans Children 's & Young Adult Literature Award for books of exceptional merit relating to the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender experience "  This Day in June , " written by Gayle E. Pitman and illustrated by Kristyna Litten Honor books : "  Beyond Magenta : Transgender Teens Speak Out , " written and photographed by Susan Kuklin "  I 'll Give You the Sun , " written by Jandy Nelson "  Morris Micklewhite and the Tangerine Dress , " written by Christine Baldacchio and illustrated by Isabelle Malenfant Schneider Family Book Award for books that embody an artistic expression of the disability experience Young children 's book : "  A Boy and a Jaguar , " written by Alan Rabinowitz and illustrated by Catia Chien Middle grade book : "  Rain Reign , " written by Ann M. Martin Teen book : "  Girls Like Us , " written by Gail Giles An interview with Ann M. Martin on "  Rain Reign " Michael L. Printz Award for excellence in literature written for young adults "  I 'll Give You the Sun " by Jandy Nelson Honor books : "  And We Stay " by Jenny Hubbard "  The Carnival at Bray " by Jessie Ann Foley "  Grasshopper Jungle " by Andrew Smith "  This One Summer " by Mariko Tamaki , illustrated by Jillian Tamaki Theodor Seuss Geisel Award for beginning reader book "  You Are  Not  Small , " written by Anna Kang and illustrated by Christopher Weyant Honor books : "  Mr. Putter and Tabby Turn the Page , " written by Cynthia Rylant and illustrated by Arthur Howard "  Waiting is Not Easy , " written and illustrated by Mo Willems William C. Morris Award for a debut book published by a first-time author writing for teens "  Gabi , a Girl in Pieces , " written by Isabel Quintero Finalists : "  The Carnival at Bray , " written by Jessie Ann Foley "  The Story of Owen : Dragon Slayer of Trondheim , " written by E.K. Johnston "  The Scar Boys , " written by Len Vlahos "  The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender , " written by Leslye Walton Meet the Morris Award finalists Robert F. Sibert Informational Book Award for informational books for children "  The Right Word : Roget and his Thesaurus , " written by Jen Bryant and illustrated by Melissa Sweet Honor books : "  Brown Girl Dreaming , " written by Jacqueline Woodson "  The Family Romanov : Murder , Rebellion & the Fall of Imperial Russia , " written by Candace Fleming "  Josephine : The Dazzling life of Josephine Baker , " written by Patricia Powell and illustrated by Christian Robinson "  Neighborhood Sharks : Hunting with the Great Whites of California 's Farallon Islands , " illustrated and written by Katherine Roy "  Separate is Never Equal : Sylvia Mendez and Her Family 's Fight for Desegregation , " illustrated and written by Duncan Tonatieuh YALSA Award for Excellence in Nonfiction for Young Adults "  Popular : Vintage Wisdom for a Modern Geek , " written by Maya Van Wagenen Finalists : "  Laughing at My Nightmare , " written by Shane Burcaw "  The Family Romanov : Murder , Rebellion & the Fall of Imperial Russia , " written by Candace Fleming "  Ida M. Tarbell : The Woman Who Challenged Big Business -- and Won ! " written by Emily Arnold McCully "  The Port Chicago 50 : Disaster , Mutiny , and the Fight for Civil Rights , " written by Steve Sheinkin Mildred L. Batchelder Award for a book published in a language other than English in a country other than the United States and subsequently translated into English for publication in the United States "  Mikis and the Donkey , " written by Bibi Dumon Tak and illustrated by Philip Hopman Honor books : "  Hidden : A Child 's Story of the Holocaust , " written by Loic Dauvillier and Greg Salsedo , illustrated by Marc Lizano "  Nine Open Arms , " written by Benny Lindelauf Odyssey Award for best audiobook for children and young adults "  H.O.R.S.E. : A Game of Basketball and Imagination , " produced by Live Oak Media , written by Christopher Myers and narrated by Dion Graham Honor audiobooks : "  Five , Six , Seven , Nate , " produced by Simon & Schuster Audio , narrated and written by Tim Federle "  The Scandalous Sisterhood of Prickwillow Place , " produced by Listening Library , written by Julie Berry , narrated by Jayne Entwistle "  A Snicker of Magic , " produced by Scholastic , written by Natalie Lloyd , narrated by Cassandra Morris Andrew Carnegie Medal for children 's video "  Me ... Jane , " produced by Paul R. Gagne and Melissa Reilly Elllard , Weston Woods Studios Alex Awards for 10 adult books that appeal to teens "  All the Light We Can not See " by Anthony Doerr "  Bellweather Rhapsody " by Kate Racculia "  Bingo 's Run " by James A. Levine "  Confessions " by Kanae Minato , translated by Stephen Snyder "  Everything I Never Told You " by Celeste Ng "  Lock In " by John Scalzi "  The Martian " by Andy Weir "  The Terrorist 's Son : A Story of Choice " by Zak Ebrahim with Jeff Giles "  Those Who Wish Me Dead " by Michael Koryta "  Wolf in White Van " by John Darnielle	The winners of the Newbery , Caldecott , Printz and other prestigious awards were announced
CNN  -- With tanned shoulders and a wrinkled smile , Lam Tse-Sing has the easy demeanor of a guy who knows his job . For nearly 30 years , he has worked at the same open-air food stall in Hong Kong -- known as a dai pai dong -- flanked by open flames as he prepares dishes from fried rice to steamed clams . But Lam , now in his 50s , is one of the last examples of a dying Cantonese culinary tradition . Decades of urban transformation have decimated Hong Kong 's throngs of dai pai dong , supplanting them with glitzy malls and big name eateries . According to vendors I spoke to , there were hundreds of dai pai dong in the 1960s . Today , there are just 28 left . It 's a shame , says Lam . Modern restaurants have "  no culture , no taste . " Stalwarts stand firm In Hong Kong 's Central district where skyscrapers crowd out the surrounding sky , Lam 's dai pai dong , named Sing Kee , retains a proud tradition of old-school street life . On a sweltering weeknight , I sit on a sticky blue plastic stool under a faded red umbrella . Patrons tuck into scrumptious dishes delivered by scrambling wait staff and the sound of hearty chatter mingles with the smell of cigarettes and kitchen grease . The key to dai pai dong-style cuisine , he tells me , is wok hei , a Cantonese phrase that literally translates to "  wok essence " and refers to the distinctive flavor that can only be achieved from a sizzling wok . By using scorching flames , boiling hot oil and a fast , muscular stir-fry technique that launches the food airborne  Lam sometimes sautÃ © s two woks at once  , the food is infused with a rich taste that evokes the brash old city . The stir-fried beef noodles  HK$ 48  are springy , slick and satisfyingly salty . The grouper filet and seasonal vegetable  HK$ 54  offer slippery bites of soft , savory fish and bok choy stir-fried al dente in a light sauce . They all have that home-cooked aroma that would send me running to the kitchen as a kid . The question is , will Hong Kong 's future children be able to experience dai pai dong cooking ? "  It all depends on the government , " explains Lam . Lack of government support For years , Hong Kong 's administration has encouraged the decline of dai pai dong , which are viewed by some officials as fire hazards , health risks and public nuisances . According to vendors , the government has paid hundreds of dai pai dong owners to give up their licenses and no new licenses have been granted in decades . But locals say more should be done to preserve the tradition . "  The government should protect dai pai dong , " said Yu Tse-Pang , 24 , a cashier at a local dumpling restaurant . "  They 're friendly , tasty , and cheap . My friends and I eat there all the time . " Lo Kwan-Sing , 81 , agrees . "  I do n't know any ordinary citizen who would n't support them . You get more choices and cheaper food . But if you 're a rich guy who eats in hotels all the time , of course you would n't care . " Despite their popularity , dai pai dong face an uncertain future . Dai pai dong licenses may only be transferred to relatives , but vendors say their children have no interest in continuing the trade . "  They say this work is too difficult , the weather is too hot , " says Lam . "  When I pass away , the next generation is n't going to take over . " Until then , Lam will continue doing what he does best . "  There are n't many places that still cook like we do , " he says . "  But if you 're someone who knows how to eat , then you 'll know how to appreciate it . " Sing Kee : 9-10 Stanley Street , Central , Hong Kong	Only 28 licensed dai pai dong , or outdoor food stalls , remain in Hong Kong Dai pai dong famous for Cantonese classics like beef noodles and steamed clams Government is not offering new licenses , so future of dai pai dong is uncertain
CNN  Even by ISIS ' brutal standards , the video is horrific . Twenty-one Coptic Christians beheaded on a beach in Libya . Christians across the world expressed horror and outrage at the mass killing , with Pope Francis calling the victims "  martyrs " whose violent deaths should unite the fractured Christian community . Remarkably , though , a leading Coptic Christian bishop says that he has already forgiven the ISIS soldiers who slaughtered his fellow Copts . Bishop Angaelos , head of the Coptic Orthodox Church in the United Kingdom , was in Washington on Friday for the swearing-in of the United States ' new ambassador-at-large for religious freedom , David Saperstein . Angaelos spoke to CNN about why ISIS targets Coptic Christians , and why he forgives them , even as he rejects their horrific acts . Q : What was the first thing that came to your mind when you heard about ISIS killing the Coptic Christians ? A : I suppose I had a sense of the inevitable happening . We knew that it was going to happen by the way ISIS was sending out information about the captives , parading them on video . It was all very orchestrated . It was shocking to see how that could happen today in the 21st century . But we also saw strength and bravery in those men , and the number of messages and calls we 've received in solidarity , the condolences and support has been overwhelming . This crime is not just a crime against Coptic Christians . It is a crime against humanity , and if there 's anything we should stand for as human beings , first and foremost it 's the sanctity of all human life . Q : Not long after the video released , you tweeted about the killings , using the hashtag #FatherForgive . Did you mean that you forgive ISIS ? A : Yes . It may seem unbelievable to some of your readers , but as a Christian and a Christian minister I have a responsibility to myself and to others to guide them down this path of forgiveness . We do n't forgive the act because the act is heinous . But we do forgive the killers from the depths of our hearts . Otherwise , we would become consumed by anger and hatred . It becomes a spiral of violence that has no place in this world . Q : You and many others had publicly prayed for ISIS to release the Copts and yet they were killed in a brutal manner . How do you maintain faith in God or in prayer after such a horrific outcome ? A : I learned a long time ago that when one prays , one prays for the best outcome , not knowing what that outcome would be . Of course , I prayed that they would be safe . But I also prayed that , when the moment came , they would have the peace and strength to be able to get through it . It does n't change my view of God that these 21 men died in this way . They were sacrificed , but so much has come out of it . They brought the imminent dangers to marginalized peoples , not just Christians , but Yazidis and others in the Middle East , to the attention of the whole world . Q : This is not the first time ISIS had targeted Coptic Christians . Why do you think that is ? A : They made accusations in the video that Coptic crusaders were forcing women to convert to Christianity , which is totally unfounded and untrue . Coptic Christians were not part of the original Crusades and are not part of any crusade now . We have lived peacefully and never taken up arms or forcibly converted anyone . But violent acts need to be justified and this is the justification they found . Q : You 're in Washington today meeting with U.S. leaders . What should they do about ISIS ' persecution of Christians and other religious communities ? A : I would like to see us all start to work towards human rights generally , because when we 're divided into different departments or organizations any change will be fragmented . If you look at the rights of every individual , God-given rights , we can all start to work together and safeguard any people who are persecuted anywhere . Of course , the vast majority of persecution falls squarely right now on Christians in the Middle East and that needs to be addressed . But , as a Christian , I will never be comfortable just safeguarding the rights of Christians . We need to help everyone .	Christians across the world express horror and outrage at the mass murder of 21 Christians Bishop Angaelos , a Coptic Christian bishop , says he has already forgiven ISIS
Tunica , Mississippi  CNN  -- As a historic crest of the swollen Mississippi River rolls southward , residents throughout the river region are on high alert and braced for the possibility of more flooding in the days ahead . Residents and officials are especially concerned about the Morganza Spillway above Baton Rouge , which was last opened in 1973 . Opening it could help spare Baton Rouge and New Orleans from some damage , but it would flood populated and rural areas in the swampy Atchafalaya Basin . The basin is home to the Atchafalaya River and myriad tributaries . In Mississippi , Louisiana and Arkansas , residents of towns emptied out by the waters of the Mississippi faced flood recovery even as they still remembered too well a series of earlier natural disasters . "  I went through  Hurricane  Katrina , " said Lynn Magnuson , a New Orleans resident . "  I would not wish flooding on anyone , and this city is the last place on Earth that needs any more high water . " The river crested Tuesday at Memphis , Tennessee , just short of a record set in 1937 . "  We 've never seen anything like this , I was scared not knowing what 's going to happen or where we can go from here , " said flood victim Tamara Jenkins of Frayser , Tennessee , who was evacuated from her house on Tuesday . Fourteen Mississippi counties affected by flooding have been declared major disaster areas eligible for federal assistance , Gov. Haley Barbour announced Wednesday in a statement released by his office . "  We are grateful to President  Barack  Obama and FEMA for quickly fulfilling our request for assistance , " Barbour said . "  The flooding situation will last for several weeks , and this declaration gives Mississippians in flooded areas access to federal assistance that can help families through this difficult time , " he added . The river in Memphis measured 47.8 feet Tuesday night , according to the National Weather Service . Flood stage in Memphis is 34 feet . In Natchez , Mississippi , the river surpassed its record early Wednesday , exceeding 58 feet . Forecasts predict the river will crest in Natchez on May 21 at an overwhelming 64 feet . Flood stage in Natchez is 48 feet . Mississippi has already had to close some of its casinos at Tunica , a key economic driver in that part of the state . Additionally , the Rainbow Casino in Vicksburg , Mississippi , was closed Wednesday . Only the Ameristar and Riverwalk casinos remain open . "  The gaming commission is conducting daily assessments at the casinos to determine their status , " said Allen Godfrey , deputy director of the Mississippi Gaming Commission . About 600 people in the community of Cutoff in Tunica have been driven from their homes , said Larry Liddell , a county spokesman . "  My house is completely submerged . You ca n't even see it from a photograph , " said Michael Dewes , who fled the Cutoff community and is staying in a shelter . "  It 's completely gone . " In Louisiana , Gov. Bobby Jindal said as many as 3 million acres could be affected by the flooding . Some 500 National Guard members have been mobilized so far , and 21 parishes have issued emergency declarations . The river 's crest is expected to begin arriving in Louisiana next week . Flooding is expected to be a major setback in the southern part of the state . "  After hurricanes Katrina , Rita , Gustav and Ike -- as well as the oil spill -- Louisiana can ill-afford another large-scale disaster , " said Sen. Mary Landrieu , a Louisiana Democrat . "  Billions of dollars in property is at stake , not to mention the threat to human life . " The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said it was closing a major lock that allows for the transfer of barge traffic between the Mississippi and the Red River Basin . The Corps opened 38 more spill gates to the Bonnet Carre Spillway in Norco , Louisiana , north of New Orleans on Wednesday , sending millions of gallons of water rushing into Lake Pontchartrain and , eventually , the Gulf of Mexico . On Monday , 28 gates were opened and an additional 44 gates were opened on Tuesday to divert floodwater . As the swollen waters inch closer , anxious Louisiana residents are demanding answers . Some have posted on Facebook pages operated by the Corps , demanding answers about when certain spillways will be opened and what other areas are facing flooding . In Arkansas , meanwhile , the Farm Bureau estimated damage to the state agriculture could top $ 500 million as more than a million acres of cropland are under water . In Helena , Arkansas , the river was at over 56 feet Wednesday . Flood level in Helena is 44 feet . A crest is defined as the high point of the water during a flood before it begins to recede . Observers generally know that cresting is occurring when the gradual rise stops and the water level becomes stable . The crest is estimated to be in New Orleans on May 23 , Jindal said . President Barack Obama has signed disaster declarations for Tennessee , which will help direct federal aid toward recovery efforts in areas hit by severe storms , flooding and tornadoes . Flooding also continues to be a problem in southeastern Missouri and southern Illinois , though the Mississippi and Ohio rivers have already crested in those states . The 4,800-foot spillway includes 125 gate bays , said operations manager Russell Beauvais . In 1973 , 42 of them were opened . At a news conference in Louisiana on Wednesday , Louisiana 's Jindal said the decision on whether to open the Morganza Spillway is still under way but a "  necessary step . " The current flow is at 1.36 million cubic feet per second but when the river 's flow reaches 1.5 million cubic feet of water per second at Louisiana 's Red River Landing , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will open the spillway and send a torrent of water down the Atchafalaya River , Jindal said . The Corp predicts the opening threshold will be reached sometime between Saturday and Tuesday . "  If the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers decides to open the Morganza Spillway , it could take approximately a week from the day they start , and roughly 3,900 people and 2,600 structures would be impacted in by the high water , " Jindal said . After gates are opened , Beauvais said , it would take about three days for the water to fully reach Morgan City , a town of about 12,000 near the coast . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Craig Bell , Ed Lavandera and Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	NEW : 14 Mississippi counties are declared major disaster areas NEW : Authorities predict a major spillway could be opened within a week The crest is estimated to be in New Orleans on May 23 , Louisiana governor says The Arkansas Farm Bureau estimates damage to state 's agriculture to top $ 500 million
CNN  -- To claim fans have been eagerly waiting for Dominican author Junot Diaz 's next book would be an understatement . Diaz took the literary world by storm with "  The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao , " a story about the life of "  poor lovable " ghetto nerd Oscar de Leon , narrated by Yunior , the main protagonist in Diaz 's first novel , "  Drown . " The story of a chubby Dominican boy growing up in New Jersey won a Pulitzer Prize in 2008 , National Book Critics Circle Award , and was named Time 's No. 1 Fiction Book of 2007 . Not too shabby . Now , in "  This Is How You Lose Her , " a collection of stories released last week , Diaz brings back the character of Yunior to tell the "  important and necessary story of the inner lives of ` bad boys , ' " as the acclaimed author says . Born in Santo Domingo and raised in New Jersey , the Rutgers alum took some time out of his book tour to talk about his new book , what his family thinks of his writing and the unique voice in his work . CNN : Was it difficult to write "  This Is How You Lose her , " considering all the attention "  Oscar Wao " received ? Diaz : I do n't think it was difficult for that reason . It 's one thing to write something about a poor lovable nerd who in some ways who could not find love and whose larger culture sort of rejects him and another to write about a messed-up-in-the-head cheater . And , to make that character and that story in some ways sympathetic was the greater challenge . CNN : Was "  This Is How You Lose Her " more difficult to write than "  Oscar Wao " ? Diaz : No , I would n't say that . With me , all books are incredibly difficult . They all come with their formidable challenges . I 'm pretty much frightened of everything I write . This book just took longer . "  Oscar " took me 11 years , this book took me 16 years . I do n't think it was in any way more difficult , it just happened to take longer . CNN : What inspired you to write this book ? Diaz : I think that you almost never get the inner life of men in any way that makes sense to men . Most of the books I read where we hear about men 's internal life , I have to tell you , they are as far away from reality as you can imagine . These scientists always tell you that men spend every six seconds thinking about sex , but have you ever seen a book that in any way reflects sort of the larger masculine sensibilities ? I think part of me thought that it was important to get at men 's inner lives and , more importantly , more personally to use a Dominican , New Jersey male in the background as sort of ground zero as the central reference . CNN : What does your family think about your writing ? Diaz : I 'm convinced they ca n't really wrap their minds around it . We 're an immigrant family . We 're a conservative family . I 'm considered something of a nut because of the brutal honesty that I bring to some my stories . I think my family finds it a little appalling at times , but you know , what can you do ? You just pray that one day , they 'll get around to reading it and see the value in it . Right now , I 've got to tell you , it is not on the table . I can go visit my family for four or five years straight and no one will mention that I 'm a writer . There 's something mildly improper about it , more like something mildly disreputable about it . CNN : Is the voice in "  This Is How You Lose Her " similar to the way you speak ? Diaz : It 's hard to say , because I live in so many different worlds ... the way I talk to my boys , family , work , the way I talk to my students , or the way I talk when I feel scared . The book is a highly wrought object . It 's engineered . It may seem casual . It may seem conversational or vernacular , it may lead people to believe that this is my voice but if I read a page , you would begin to realize how artificial the experience is . Fiction is an artisan that convinces its reader that it 's real . The voice in the book , while it may have tone and highlights directly from me , this voice is highly artificial . It does n't really represent the way I speak . CNN : What is it that you want your readers to understand about this book ? Diaz : There 's not a lesson that I 'm sort of asking my readers to walk away from but more of an encounter and a conversation that I 'm trying to encourage . Again , I think that if one wants to teach a lesson , it 's so much better to write fiction . With nonfiction , we have a totally different set of stakes . What I was most committed to was using this male Dominican experience to wrestle with , to encourage my readers to wrestle with , larger questions about masculinity , larger questions about relationships . Larger questions about intimacy . Read an excerpt from "  This Is How You Lose Her " here . This excerpt contains profanity ; reader discretion is advised . Share your thoughts on Junot Diaz 's work in the comments section below .	Dominican author Junot Diaz took the literary world by storm with his story about a "  ghetto nerd " The character Yunior narrates the inner dialogue of Diaz 's books Diaz offers no lessons , just an opportunity for readers to have encounters and conversations
CNN  -- The fighting in Syria has taken another dangerous turn , with rebel rockets targeting Hezbollah locations in Lebanon . Rebels battling for control of Qusayr , a strategically important western town in Syria , fired rockets Sunday across the Lebanese border at the militant group 's areas , the rebel Free Syrian Army said . Hezbollah , the pro-regime and pro-Iranian Shiite militia regarded as a dangerous terror group by the United States and Sunni countries , is fighting alongside President Bashar al-Assad 's security forces . The Free Syrian Army claimed it fired Grad rockets from the city of Qusayr into northeastern Lebanon , targeting Hezbollah areas in Hermel . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said that direct hits were reported in Hermel and that checkpoints were also targeted . Taking heart amid Syria 's carnage The official Lebanese news agency , NNA , reported the short-range strikes . The outlet said the strikes caused no damage or casualties . But the rockets underscored fears that bordering nations -- such as Turkey , Lebanon and Jordan -- will be sucked into the conflict , now in its third year . The White House said President Barack Obama spoke on the phone Monday to Lebanese President Michel Sleiman and "  stressed his concern about Hezballah 's active and growing role in Syria , fighting on behalf of the Assad regime , which is counter to the Lebanese government 's policies . " The civil war in Syria has left around 80,000 people dead and displaced a few million , the United Nations says . Qusayr , in Homs province near the Lebanese border , is now a major battle front in Syria . Cartoons that scare Syria 's leader For rebels fighting al-Assad 's government , it sits along a transit route for weapons and supplies coming in from Lebanon . For the Syrian government , Qusayr is along a rebel supply line that al-Assad must neutralize to retake control of Homs and foster safer passage between the Mediterranean coast and the capital of Damascus . Fighting still raged Monday in Qusayr . A rebel spokesman , Tariq Maraey , told CNN that six people were killed in government shelling Monday . Dozens of people in the city , including Hezbollah members , were killed Sunday , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said , during fighting for the city . The regime 's Syrian Arab News Agency said soldiers have restored stability to the eastern side of the city "  after killing big numbers of terrorists and destroying their hideouts . " The news outlet also quoted an official source saying armed forces seized an Israeli vehicle used by "  terrorists , " the term the government uses to describe its armed opponents . An Israeli military spokesman said the vehicle , a jeep , had been out of Israeli service for more than 10 years . "  This is a cheap propaganda attempt and nothing more , " the spokesman said of the Syrian government report . Throughout the country , including Homs province , at least 62 people have died Monday , the LCC said . READ MORE : Violence surges in strategic Syrian city READ MORE : U.N. : More than 1.5 million fled Syria , 4 million more displaced within nation CNN 's Joe Sterling , Nic Robertson and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama stresses his concern to the Lebanese president over Hezbollah 's "  active and growing role " Across Syria , at least 62 people have died in violence Monday , opposition says Qusayr is strategically valuable to rebels and government forces Israeli vehicle reportedly seized ; Israel calls claim "  cheap propaganda "
Washington  CNN  -- Calling the situation "  untenable , " a senior State Department official gave details Thursday of a proposed "  humanitarian " solution to the standoff over Iraq 's Camp Ashraf , a settlement of Iranian dissidents who say they will be killed if they are returned to Iran . Under the U.S. plan , the approximately 3,400 residents of Ashraf would be temporarily relocated within Iraq , farther from the border with Iran , the official said . The camp houses followers and members of the Mojahedin-e Khalq Organization  MEK  . The United States considers it to be a terrorist organization . The MEK has opposed the Iranian government for decades , and the group was sheltered in that camp and other locations in Iraq during the era of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein . The group was used by Hussein as part of his security forces and has a tense relationship with many Iraqis , especially Shias and Kurds . The relocation would be temporary , the official said , with final settlement of the inhabitants in other countries . That would not include the United States , the official said , since U.S. law bars anyone associated with a terrorist organization from settling there . The new location would be "  chosen and maintained and operated " by Iraq and appropriate humanitarian conditions would have to be maintained in this camp , the official said . "  We will work with the government of Iraq , Ashraf residents and international partners to guarantee the safety of Ashraf residents if they agree to this move , " the official said , "  if all sides agree to this plan . " Iraq has ordered the camp be closed by the end of the year and wants the residents to leave the country . The residents are refusing to budge , and do not recognize Iraqi sovereignty over their camp . The U.S. plan has been presented to the Iraqi government , the official said , and it is "  reviewing its position . " "  We hope the Ashraf leaders will react positively to this plan , as we hope the government of Iraq will react positively to this plan , largely because we see no other solution for a group that has no status , " the State Department official said . The United States has discussed its proposal with the international community , this official said . In April , 34 people were killed and more than 300 others were wounded in a confrontation between Iraqi security forces and people in Camp Ashraf . The exiles said Iraqi security forces invaded their camp , but security forces said their members were attacked by the group . The violence , the official said , highlights the vulnerability of the camp 's residents , who lack any legal status in Iraq but have refused to request refugee status . "  Given the history of mutual provocation we are deeply concerned about the possibility of future violence , " the official said . The U.S. would work to guarantee the safety of all sides , the official said , but this would not involve American troops . "  There 's no easy solution to this matter , " the official said . "  We believe this is the best way forward ... our bottom line is that both sides need to step back from violence and the violence that has characterized the relationship , and we want to avoid another tragedy at Ashraf . " Iraq under Saddam and Iran fought a bloody war in the 1980s . Since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 , relations between Iran and Iraq have improved . A majority of Iraq 's new government is composed of Shiite Muslims , the majority religion in Iraq , and official attitudes toward the MEK changed . The camp has been the subject of debate in Iraq since American forces relinquished control of it in 2009 . Iran has long urged Iraq to get rid of Camp Ashraf and the opposition group there , and Iraq 's failure to do so is a point of tension between the two countries . Tehran considers the MEK to be a terrorist outfit . The European Union does not . Another State Department official said the department is reviewing the Foreign Terrorist Organization designation of the MEK , with a final decision to be made by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on whether to maintain or rescind it . The MEK is providing information for the review , the official told CNN . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraq wants to close camp of Iranian dissidents Deadly violence at Camp Ashraf broke out last month The United States is proposing temporary relocation U.S. currently considers group to be terrorist organization
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Former U.S. President Clinton has been tapped as a United Nations special envoy to Haiti , a senior U.N. official said Monday . Former President Clinton has been chosen to serve as a United Nations special envoy to Haiti . An official announcement will be made Tuesday , the official said . The two-term president has traveled to Haiti on several occasions , most recently in March with his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon . At the time , the Clintons voiced optimism at Haiti 's potential because of political stability and economic growth after decades of chaos . The Caribbean country is the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere .	Official announcement is coming Tuesday Clinton visited nation in March with his wife and U.N. chief It is the poorest country in the Western hemisphere
CNN  -- Facebook and Microsoft disclosed that they received thousands of requests for user data from government agencies in the United States in the last half of 2012 . Facebook said it got between 9,000 and 10,000 requests targeting between 18,000 and 19,000 accounts during that period . "  These requests run the gamut -- from things like a local sheriff trying to find a missing child , to a federal marshal tracking a fugitive , to a police department investigating an assault , to a national security official investigating a terrorist threat , " Ted Ullyot , Facebook 's general counsel , said in a post Friday night "  With more than 1.1 billion monthly active users worldwide , this means that a tiny fraction of 1 % of our user accounts were the subject of any kind of U.S. state , local , or federal U.S. government requests . " The disclosure comes amid a firestorm over revelations that both were among companies that turned over user data to the National Security Agency 's web surveillance program . The U.S. government has a sweeping system for monitoring emails , photos , search histories and other data from major American Internet companies , including Facebook , Microsoft , Google and Skype . "  The Department of Justice reached agreements with certain providers that will allow the publication of additional data pertaining to U.S. government requests for user data in compliance with legal process , " a Justice Department spokesperson told CNN Saturday . "  Under these agreements , the providers plan to begin publishing aggregate totals of criminal and national security requests received from federal , state , and local governments over a six-month period . " More transparency Both companies got government permission to publish the reports as long as they were grouped with all others requests , including from state and local agencies . The grouping of the data made it hard to single out those made for national security reasons . Google publishes a transparency report using requests from governments worldwide . It said grouping information is a "  step back " for users . "  We have always believed that it 's important to differentiate between different types of government requests , " Google said in a statement . " ... Our request to the government is clear : to be able to publish aggregate numbers of national security requests , including FISA disclosures , separately . " Facebook said it has been in talks with U.S. officials to seek greater transparency on national security-related orders . In an effort to combat criticism , Microsoft also disclosed information on its data requests Friday night . "  For the six months ended December 31 , 2012 , Microsoft received between 6,000 and 7,000 criminal and national security warrants , subpoenas and orders affecting between 31,000 and 32,000 consumer accounts from U.S. governmental entities  including local , state and federal  , " said John Frank , Microsoft 's vice president . The Snowden index : Opinions about the NSA leaker Both companies said the information they were allowed to publish falls short of what users need to better understand the issues . "  We are permitted to publish data on national security orders received , but only if aggregated with law enforcement requests from all other U.S. local , state and federal law enforcement agencies , " Frank said . The Justice Department spokesperson said , "  These aggregate totals include all instances in which a government entity has served lawful process on the providers - be it a grand jury subpoena or search warrant in a criminal matter , a national security letter , a court order under FISA , or another type of request pursuant to statutory authorization . "  The publication of these numbers will show that an extraordinarily small number of accounts are subject to legal process . These agreements reflect our continued commitment to working with providers to afford greater transparency to the public while preserving confidentiality required for law enforcement or national security reasons . " Obama administration officials have pushed back against criticism on the domestic surveillance in the aftermath of the classified leaks last week that disclosed details of covert surveillance programs . Edward Snowden , 29 , has admitted leaking the classified documents about the covert programs . Top-secret program The top-secret program is legal , conducted properly and could have helped detect a 9/11 hijacker had it been in place before the 2001 terrorist attacks , FBI Director Robert Mueller said Thursday . Civil liberties groups and legislators are among critics condemning the program as government overreach beyond the intention and limits of the Patriot Act originally passed in the aftermath of the 2001 attacks . "  It 's my fear that we are on the verge of becoming a surveillance state , collecting billions of electronic records on law-abiding Americans every single day , " said Rep. John Conyers of Michigan , the ranking Democrat on the judiciary panel . Conyers said he is co-sponsoring legislation that would address "  the overbreadth and impenetrability of the surveillance programs . " Wrong public perception ? But legislators of both parties joined Mueller in defending the programs . "  This program does not target innocent Americans in any way , shape or form , " said House Speaker John Boehner , an Ohio Republican . "  These programs have helped keep America safe . They have enhanced our ability to go after terrorists who want to bring harm to the American people . " Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida said public perception of the government data mining was wrong . One of the programs , under Section 215 of the Patriot Act , collects billions of phone records to create a database for use in tracking suspected terrorists . Another under Section 702 of the Patriot Act deals with computer activity and other information of foreigners . CNN 's Caleb Silver , Joe Sutton and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Extraordinarily small number " of accounts subject to legal process Google says grouping information is a "  step back " for users The disclosure comes amid a firestorm against companies for releasing user data to the U.S. Obama administration officials have pushed back against criticism
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou expressed optimism late Wednesday that the Greek people , in a vote to be held as soon as December 4 , will support his plan to remain in the euro zone despite having to endure the austerity measures that Greece 's continued membership in the euro club would require . "  I believe the Greek people want us to be a strong partner in the euro zone , a strong partner in Europe , and this is at stake , " Papandreou told reporters who had assembled for the G-20 meeting in Cannes , France . "  This is at stake , " he repeated . His optimism came in the face of an unveiled threat . If the referendum fails , Greece may be kicked out of the euro zone , French President Nicolas Sarkozy told reporters in a separate news conference in this chic resort town on France 's southern coast . If Greece opts not to adhere to a deal reached on October 27 , then it must leave the euro zone , Sarkozy said after meeting for more than two hours with Papandreou and German Chancellor Angela Merkel . But Papandreou said the referendum -- whose wording he would not discuss -- would prove key . "  I want to say that we will have a yes , " he said . But first , Papandreou faces a confidence vote , slated for Friday , that will determine his own political fate . "  This is our first battle , " he said . Asked whether he believed he would win , he said , "  I do hope so but , obviously , this is a democratic process . " Sarkozy said the ministers of finance of France and Germany will meet Wednesday . The countries are determined to help Greece , but require that Greece meet its commitments , he said , adding that the other members of the euro zone would not allow the euro to be destroyed . Greek authorities were informed that Europeans and the International Monetary Fund would disburse a sixth tranche of $ 8 billion euros only after the uncertainty is ended and the October 27 deal is implemented , Sarkozy said . Greece is now in the last third of its May 2010 bailout , which is worth a total of 110 billion euros . In a statement , IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde lauded the October 27 plan , despite its belt-tightening requirements . "  I remain convinced that the agreement reached by the leaders of the Euro Area at their Summit last week , which includes a substantive reduction in Greece 's debt burden and additional financial support for a new ambitious program , will greatly benefit Greece by helping to restore growth and create jobs , " Lagarde said . She said she welcomed Papandreou 's indication that the referendum would be held as soon as possible . "  As soon as the referendum is completed , and all uncertainty removed , I will make a recommendation to the IMF Executive Board regarding the sixth tranche of our loan to support Greece 's economic program , " she said . Asked whether withholding of the tranche would bankrupt Greece , Papandreou said , "  If everything goes well in the referendum , it 's quite a few days before the sixth tranche is needed to pay up salaries and pensions and so on . " Papandreou did not attend the news conference at which his French and German counterparts spoke . The tense times in Cannes came on the same day that Greece 's cabinet voted to support Papandreou 's call for a referendum on the bailout plan . The vote was unanimous , though some of the ministers expressed criticism prior to casting their votes , CNN affiliate Mega Channel reported . German and French markets rallied Wednesday after tumbling Tuesday on the news of the referendum call , and London 's FTSE also closed slightly higher . The Dow Jones Industrial Average index closed up 178 points  1.53 %  . Papandreou is seeking public backing from the Greek people for last week 's bailout deal , an accord that took months to craft . But the move has created turmoil in domestic politics and angered his European counterparts . A "  no " vote could not only force Greece to abandon the euro but could send shock waves through the global financial system . Greek Foreign Minister Stavros Lambridinis told CNN he was confident the Greek people would vote yes . "  Everyone is getting a bit tired of doubting the wisdom of the Greek people and their commitment to Europe , " he said , adding that Greece had proven its dedication in the painful measures it has already taken . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso appealed Wednesday for national and political unity , saying it would be "  critically important to have stability " for the bailout deal to be implemented . "  Without the agreement of Greece to the EU/IMF program , the conditions for Greek citizens would become much more painful , in particular for the most vulnerable . The consequences would be impossible to foresee , " he warned . Last week 's deal would halve the country 's sky-high debts , but at a price that has led to angry demonstrations in the streets of Greece . Vanessa Rossi , an economics adviser to Oxford Analytica , a global analysis firm , said Papandreou 's referendum call was "  almost inevitable , given that the Greek population has continued to protest heavily against the plans agreed  to  in Brussels . " But she said the Greek people are aware that they would suffer greater financial pain if the country defaults . Meanwhile , several senior military leaders in Greece have been replaced . The Government Council for Foreign Affairs and Defense , which Papandreou chairs , decided Tuesday on "  sweeping changes in the armed forces ' leadership , " the Athens News Agency reported . The council replaced the general staff chiefs for the Greek army , navy and air force , the news agency said . Though the government said it was a long-planned , routine move , its sudden announcement after an extraordinary meeting with the heads of the armed forces makes many dubious , said Kostas Gemenis , an assistant professor of politics at the University of Twente in the Netherlands . Politicians have kept a tight rein on the Greek armed forces since a seven-year military junta was brought to an end in 1974 , Gemenis said , but people 's memories are long . He speculated that the government acted to allay any concern that the military -- which seized power in 1967 as the country was anticipating an election -- might be planning to repeat history . "  People want to be on the safe side and try to prevent even worse things happening , " he said . He added that the news media had not treated it as a major event given the ongoing political and economic crisis . But the news of the bailout referendum rattled Papandreou 's hold on power Tuesday , when a lawmaker defected from his party , leaving him with a majority of only two in Parliament . Milena Apostolaki said Papandreou had made "  an erroneous political decision " in calling for the referendum . "  It jeopardizes the efforts and the painful sacrifices that are made by the Greek people , " she told CNN on Wednesday . Sarkozy and Merkel issued a terse statement Tuesday saying they were "  determined to ensure the full implementation , without delay , of decisions adopted by the summit , which are necessary now more than ever . " In the United States , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney struck a similar note , saying Papandreou 's move reinforced the need for Europe to "  implement rapidly the decisions they made last week . " Greece 's former deputy finance minister , Petros Doukas , a member of the opposition New Democracy Party who is not currently in office , told CNN he doubted the referendum would take place . Papandreou is under enormous pressure from Europe , the markets and opposition forces within Greece to backtrack on the proposal , Doukas said . He suggested Papandreou would have to call elections or stand down as leader , as Greece was "  not governable " with him as prime minister . Greece 's opposition leader , Antonis Samaras , called Tuesday for a snap election , but it is unlikely he has the votes to force one . International lenders are demanding that Athens raise taxes , sell off state-owned companies and slash government spending , which would mean firing tens of thousands of state workers . The deal would wipe out 100 billion euros in Greek debt , half of what it owes to private creditors , and comes with a promise of 30 billion euros from the public sector to help pay off some of the remaining debts , making the whole deal worth 130 billion euros  $ 178 billion  . The deal was greeted last week with fanfare as a way to keep debt woes in Greece and other European nations from spilling across other borders , threatening the 17 nations united under the euro currency . A weekend survey in Greece found nearly 60 % opposed the debt deal , but other surveys have shown a more complicated picture . A survey carried out last week by Kappa Research for the Greek daily newspaper To Vima showed a majority of Greeks wanted a referendum on the international rescue plan , and that more would oppose it than accept it . But in the same survey , 70 % of Greeks wanted to stay in the euro , according to RBS European Economics -- a result that may not be possible if they vote "  no " on the referendum . Besides the Greek debt-reduction plan , last week 's European Union deal pledged to quadruple the EU 's bailout fund to about $ 1.38 trillion and to raise the capital required to help cushion the region 's banks from financial shocks .	George Papandreou speaks to media gathered for G-20 in Cannes , France Papandreou believes Greeks "  want us to be a strong partner " Sarkozy : If referendum fails , Greece may be kicked out of the euro zone Greece 's cabinet voted to support the call for a referendum
President Barack Obama said he identified the September 11 assault on the U.S. Consulate in Libya as a terrorist attack within a day ; former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney said it took two weeks . A timeline of the Obama administration 's comments on the Libya attack The claim : "  The day after the attack , governor , I stood in the Rose Garden and I told the American people in the world that we are going to find out exactly what happened , " Obama said . "  That this was an act of terror and I also said that we 're going to hunt down those who committed this crime . " The counterclaim : "  It took the president 14 days before he called the attack in Benghazi an act of terror , " Romney responded moments later . The facts : On September 12 , the day after the attack that killed four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens , Obama said in comments in the Rose Garden that he had learned about the attack on the consulate the night before . Fact Check : What about the security in Benghazi ? "  Our country is only as strong as the character of our people and the service of those both civilian and military who represent us around the globe , " he said . "  No acts of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation , alter that character , or eclipse the light of the values that we stand for . Today we mourn four more Americans who represent the very best of the United States of America . We will not waver in our commitment to see that justice is done for this terrible act . And make no mistake , justice will be done . " Opinion : Do facts even matter ? On September 13 , at a campaign event in Las Vegas , Obama vowed to bring the killers to justice . He then added , "  No act of terror will dim the light of the values that we proudly shine on the rest of the world , and no act of violence will shake the resolve of the United States of America . " Other administration officials , however , said in subsequent days that they were unaware of any credible intelligence suggesting that the attack had been planned in advance . On September 13 , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland , said authorities "  are very cautious about drawing any conclusions with regard to who the perpetrators were , what their motivations were ,  and  whether it was premeditated " until they had completed an investigation . On September 16 , Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said , "  We do not have information at present that leads us to conclude that this was premeditated or preplanned . " On September 19 , Matthew Olsen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , told the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee that the ambassador and three other Americans "  were killed in the course of a terrorist attack on our embassy . " White House spokesman Jay Carney sought to clear up any confusion on September 20 . "  It is , I think , self-evident that what happened in Benghazi was a terrorist attack . Our embassy was attacked violently , and the result was four deaths of American officials . " On September 25 , on ABC 's "  The View , " interviewer Joy Behar asked Obama about a remark made by his secretary of state . "  I heard Hillary Clinton say it was an act of terrorism . Is it ? What do you say ? " To that , Obama responded , "  We 're still doing an investigation . There 's no doubt that  with  the kind of weapons that were used , the ongoing assault , that it was n't just a mob action . We do n't have all the information yet , so we 're still gathering it . But what 's clear is that around the world there 's still a lot of threats out there . " Obama added that "  extremist militias " were suspected to have been involved . Fact Check : Did Obama say he wants ` daylight ' between U.S. , Israel ? Two days later , Carney responded bluntly to a question about why Obama had not labeled the incident a terrorist attack . "  I think you 're misunderstanding something here , " Carney said . "  I 'm the president 's spokesman . When the head of the National Counterterrorism Center , Matt Olsen , in open testimony in Congress , answered a question by saying yes , by the definitions we go by -- this is me paraphrasing -- this was a terrorist attack -- I echoed that , because this president , this administration , everybody looks to the intelligence community for the assessments on this . And it has been since I said so , the president 's position that this was a terrorist attack . " The conclusion : Romney 's precise comment was false . Obama did describe the killings in Benghazi as an act of terror twice in the two days after the attack . In an interview two weeks after the incident , though , he appeared to reserve judgment , and some Obama administration officials , including Carney and Rice , suggested in the days after the attack that the United States had no indication that it was a planned assault . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	"  It took the president 14 days " to describe Benghazi attack as a terror act , Romney says "  No acts of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation , " Obama says a day after attack Obama reiterates the stance a day later at another event
CNN  -- Two Canadian women who said they were headed to Atlanta for a week of vacation and shopping were arrested after agents found 75,812 pills of the drug Ecstasy in the trunk of their vehicle at the border , U.S. Customs and Border Protection said Wednesday . Officers at Detroit 's Ambassador Bridge seized about 53 pounds  24 kilograms  of PCP-laced Ecstasy with a street value in excess of $ 100,000 , authorities said in a statement . The driver of the vehicle , which had a Canadian tag , told an officer at the crossing that the vehicle was hers , the agency said , but it was actually rented . A search began . Officers found what appeared to be tampering with the rear quarter panel areas in the trunk , the agency said . "  Utilizing a fiber-optic scope the officers were able to observe what appeared to be plastic bags secreted inside one of the quarter panels , " according to the statement . "  Continuing their inspection they discovered more plastic bags hidden in the opposite quarter panel as well . " A field test determined the colored pills were Ecstasy , the agency said . Shennelly Finn and Lashawna Morgan , both 24-year-old Canadian citizens , were arrested and turned over to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for further investigation and prosecution , authorities said .	Vehicle from Canada stopped in Detroit Occupants say they were headed for Atlanta , U.S. authorities say Search turns up 53 pounds of drug Ecstasy , according to agency
CNN  -- The Israel Defense Forces called off a raid after one of its combat soldiers posted information about the operation , including the time and place , on Facebook , the IDF said Wednesday . "  On Wednesday , we are cleaning up  the village  . Today - arrest . On Thursday , God willing , we will be home , " the soldier , who was not identified , posted on the social networking site , according to IDF . The post was removed after other soldiers in the company saw it online and reported it to their commanders , IDF said . "  The division commander decided to cancel the operation out of concern that the information had reached hostile groups and would harm IDF forces , " it said . The soldier was sentenced to 10 days imprisonment and was removed from his battalion and all combat postings , IDF said . His combat certificate also was revoked . IDF soldiers are prohibited from posting classified information online , including photographs of military interests .	Soldier posted details about pending raid on Facebook , Israeli military says Commander canceled operation , fearing enemies might have learned about it Soldier sentenced to 10 days imprisonment , removed from his battalion
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A "  surprisingly healthy " population of rare snow leopards has been discovered in the remote northeastern stretches of Afghanistan , one of the few areas largely unaffected by the near decade-long war in the country . Researchers photographed the elusive big cat using camera traps at 16 different locations across Afghanistan 's mountainous Wakhan Corridor , according to a recent report from the Wildlife Conservation Society . The images are the first camera trap records of snow leopards in Afghanistan , the organization noted . "  This is a wonderful discovery -- it shows that there is real hope for snow leopards in Afghanistan , " said Peter Zahler , the group 's deputy director . "  Now our goal is to ensure that these magnificent animals have a secure future as a key part of Afghanistan 's natural heritage . " The organization said the discovery "  gives hope to the world 's most elusive big cat , which calls home to some of the world 's tallest mountains . " But the endangered animal also faces threats from poachers , shepherds and those who capture the cats for illegal trade . Their populations have declined by as much as 20 % over the past 16 years , the group reported . Researchers estimate between 4,500 and 7,500 snow leopards are left in the wild , scattered across Central Asia .	A population of rare snow leopards has been discovered in Afghanistan Researchers photographed the elusive big cat using camera traps The endangered big cat faces threats from poachers and shepherds Between 4,500 and 7,500 snow leopards are left
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Lined up next to Pittsburgh police officers protecting a downtown office building Thursday morning were officers who traveled a little farther to get to work . Police officers from Tucson , Arizona , left , talk with a Pittsburgh officer Thursday outside the G-20 summit . About 2,000 miles farther . Thirty-six officers from the Tucson , Arizona , Police Department are in Pittsburgh as part of the G-20 security force . They were asked to assist by Pittsburgh officials as part of a Department of Homeland Security rapid response team . Officers from departments in several cities , including Cleveland , Ohio ; Miami Metro Dade , Florida ; Baltimore , Maryland ; and Chicago , Illinois , were sworn in as part of the massive security effort , but Tucson wins the prize for the greatest distance traveled . Watch how Pittsburgh has prepared for protests " "  There 's a standardization in training , " Tucson Lt. Paul Sayre said . Departments brought in to assist have undergone similar preparations in techniques and crowd control . The Arizona officers were asked to come to Pittsburgh after taking part in the protection effort at the Republican National Convention in 2008 in St. Paul , Minnesota . The downtown Pittsburgh street on a morning with temperatures in the 50s was nothing like a typical day for the officers . "  It 's a different environment , " Sayre said -- but the job was the same . "  We 're excited to be here . It 's a lot of fun . " "  Our role is to support Pittsburgh , " said Capt. Perry Tarrant , commanding the Tucson team . The additional help protecting downtown locations "  gives Pittsburgh the flexibility to send its officers where needed , " Sayre said .	Police officers from around country join G-20 security effort in Pittsburgh Departments involved include Miami , Florida , and Baltimore , Maryland Cops from Tucson , Arizona , find chilly temps a change , but say "  It 's a lot of fun "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Yemen 's President resigned Thursday night shortly after his prime minister and the Cabinet stepped down : seismic changes in the country 's political scene that come just one day after the government and Houthi rebels struck a tentative peace deal meant to end days of turmoil . The resignations of Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi and other officials are the latest fallout from the Houthis ' move in recent days to gain power in the capital , which included kidnapping Hadi 's chief of staff on Saturday and taking over the presidential palace on Tuesday . The chaos in Yemen is cause for concern far beyond the country 's borders . For the United States and its allies , Yemen 's government has been a key ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Yemen-based group linked to attacks such as the recent slaughter at French magazine Charlie Hebdo . The United States responded by reducing embassy personnel in the capital because of security concerns , a senior State Department official said Thursday night . "  While the embassy remains open and is continuing to operate , we may continue to re-align resources based on the situation on the ground , " the official said . The Cabinet and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah resigned before Hadi did on Thursday night , with Bahah telling Hadi in a letter that they essentially wanted to wash their hands of "  destructive political chaos , " an apparent reference to the deal that was to give Houthis more power . We resigned "  so that we are not made party to what is going on and what will happen , " Bahah wrote in the letter , which Yemeni Information Minister Nadia Sakkaf posted on Twitter . Hadi 's resignation came soon afterward . It was n't immediately clear who would succeed Hadi . The Houthis ' latest push to power picked up steam on Saturday . The Houthi rebels , Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country , kidnapped presidential Chief of Staff Ahmed bin Mubarak in the capital , Sanaa , on Saturday . The rebels then took over the presidential palace Tuesday , prompting talk of a coup . The tentative deal reached Wednesday called for bin Mubarak 's release , as well as measures to give the Houthis more political power , according to a Yemeni official with access to a draft text of the agreement . But by Thursday , before the top officials quit , Sakkaf questioned whether the rebels would live up to their side of the pact . "  Ahmed Mubarak is still #Houthis hostage despite deal . They got what they want why should they fulfill their promise ? " she said on Twitter . She added , "  I have been following up the promises to release Dr. Ahmed bin Mubarak since the beginning . Conclusion : Buying time . " Mistrust was hampering the implementation of the peace deal , both sides said Thursday . One Yemeni presidential adviser told CNN the government was waiting for the Houthis to release bin Mubarak , but acknowledged that the rebels have withdrawn some forces . Ahmed Al Bahri , a Houthi official , said they were unsure of how serious Hadi was about the deal , and that they were keeping 20 % of their militia numbers in the presidential palace and other key buildings as a guarantee . Questions about who was in charge over the past few days have sparked concerns that a power vacuum could help terrorist groups get a stronger foothold . Besides the Charlie Hebdo attack , AQAP also tried to blow up a plane landing in Detroit in 2009 . ISIS is also recruiting in Yemen to expand its ranks . Under the peace deal , the Houthi rebels agreed to withdraw their militias from key government institutions if officials take a significant step : rewriting parts of the country 's constitution , according to the Yemeni official . Under its terms , the government would accept changes in the draft of the new constitution that would grant the Houthis more political power . Word of the deal still leaves many questions unanswered : What could the reshaped constitution look like ? How much power will the rebels get ? U.S. officials said they 're unclear about the intentions of the Houthis . Do they want to run the government ? Or be a powerful opposition ? There are currently no talks with the Houthis , but there are discussions about whether to talk to them , according to U.S. officials . Multiple policy options are being considered , the officials said , though there is no consensus yet about how to proceed . Al Qaeda benefits from Yemen takeover Several of the constitutional changes sought by the Houthis would emphasize the characteristics of Yemen as a federal state and push for more inclusion of diverse groups . Seven things to know about Yemen The Houthis call for marginalized political groups to have the right to partnerships in state institutions and fair representation , according to the text of the tentative agreement . In return for these government concessions , the rebels basically agree to withdraw their fighters from the capital , where they control or blockade several government installations : the presidential palace , the presidential residence , the Prime Minister 's residence and a military installation where missiles are housed . A Houthi official said the rebels would abide by the deal if the President follows a timeline specified in the negotiations for the political process . This is n't the first time the rebels and the government have hammered out an agreement . Houthis swept into the capital last year , sparking battles that left more than 300 people dead in a month . In September , they signed a ceasefire deal with the government , and Houthis have since installed themselves in key positions in the government and financial institutions . As violence flares , 7 things to know about Yemen CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Sanaa and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Elise Labott and Salim Essaid contributed to this report .	U.S. reducing embassy personnel because of security concerns , State Department official says President , prime minister , Cabinet resign , Yemeni officials say Minister says rebels still hold kidnapped presidential aide despite agreeing to free him
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Michael Jackson may soon return to the stage , at least for a "  special announcement . " Pop star Michael Jackson has been the subject of recent rumors about his health and about a comeback . The pop star has scheduled a news conference Thursday at London 's O2 arena , the same venue where Prince sold out 21 nights in 2007 , according to London 's Outside Organisation . Although the short statement announcing Jackson 's news conference did not reveal any details , Britain 's Sky News reported Wednesday that the 50-year-old King of Pop has agreed to a series of summer concerts at the O2 . Rumors have circulated for years about a possible Jackson concert comeback , just as speculation has abounded about his physical and financial health . Jackson 's reclusive lifestyle -- and a photo last year of him being pushed in a wheelchair -- created fertile ground for health rumors . When a London tabloid reported in December that Jackson was battling a potentially fatal disease that required a life-saving lung transplant , his publicist responded that he was "  in fine health " and that the story was "  a total fabrication . " Jackson 's financial troubles in the past year have included the near-foreclosure of his Neverland Ranch in California , which he later sold . Jackson has not lived at Neverland since June 2005 , after a Santa Barbara County jury found him not guilty of child molestation charges .	Musician schedules news conference for Thursday at O2 arena One news outlet says he will hold series of summer concerts Jackson 's physical and financial health have been subject of rumors
Renewed accusations that Woody Allen molested an adopted daughter two decades ago were "  engineered by a vengeful lover , " the filmmaker 's lawyer told CNN on Monday . The allegations were "  fully vetted and rejected by independent authorities , " Allen attorney Elkan Abramowitz said in a written statement . The controversy dates back to 1992 after the revelation that Allen , then 56 , was having an affair with Soon-Yi Previn , Mia Farrow 's 19-year-old adopted daughter with composer Andre Previn . Allen and Previn married five years later . Allen 's legal and public relations teams scrambled to respond to an open letter written by Dylan Farrow and published by The New York Times on Saturday recounting her allegation that Allen sexually assaulted her when she was a child . "  What 's your favorite Woody Allen movie ? Before you answer , you should know : when I was seven years old , Woody Allen took me by the hand and led me into a dim , closet-like attic on the second floor of our house , " Farrow wrote . "  He told me to lay on my stomach and play with my brother 's electric train set . Then he sexually assaulted me . " When Mia Farrow 's 12-year relationship with Allen ended two decades ago , the actress accused him of molesting Dylan , one of two children she had adopted with Allen . The charge triggered a child custody battle , with Allen going to court to get both adopted children and Satchel , their biological son , who now goes by Ronan Farrow . But a police investigation of the allegations ended without charges against Allen . "  A team of investigators from Yale-New Haven Hospital that was retained by the Connecticut State Police subsequently concluded Dylan had not been abused , " according to an account in the Times , which covered the custody proceedings . Acting Justice Elliott Wilk of New York 's State Supreme Court "  said it was unlikely that Mr. Allen could be prosecuted for sexual abuse based on the evidence , " the newspaper reported . "  But while a team of experts concluded that Dylan was not abused , the judge said he found the evidence inconclusive . " A former prosecutor who decided against pressing charges in the case declined to comment on the details in Dylan Farrow 's letter Sunday . "  As a prosecutor I really ca n't comment on the substance of the statement of this now young woman . As a father of a child not too much older than this young woman , I can only say I hope she finds some peace and solace in the way she 's expressing herself , " former Connecticut State 's Attorney Frank Maco said . "  I hope she had access to my written statement of decision . My statement is as valid today as it was 20 years ago . " In 1993 , Maco -- who 's since retired -- told reporters he believed there was probable cause to arrest Allen . But he said he decided not to press charges , with Mia Farrow 's support , "  rather than exposing the child to possible harm . " Allen 's team responds Allen 's lawyer responded in a statement e-mailed to CNN on Monday : "  It is tragic that after 20 years a story engineered by a vengeful lover resurfaces even though it was fully vetted and rejected by independent authorities . The one to blame for Dylan 's distress is neither Dylan nor Woody Allen . " Allen denies Farrow 's allegation Allen representative Leslee Dart said in a prepared statement Sunday that Allen "  read the article and found it untrue and disgraceful . " He would respond "  very soon , " Dart said . "  At the time , a thorough investigation was conducted by court appointed independent experts , " Dart said . "  The experts concluded there was no credible evidence of molestation ; that Dylan Farrow had an inability to distinguish between fantasy and reality ; and that Dylan Farrow had likely been coached by her mother Mia Farrow . No charges were ever filed . " Dylan Farrow 's letter addressed this : "  Woody Allen was never convicted of any crime . That he got away with what he did to me haunted me as I grew up , " she wrote . "  I was stricken with guilt that I had allowed him to be near other little girls . I was terrified of being touched by men . I developed an eating disorder . I began cutting myself . " Her letter and Twitter postings by Ronan Farrow attacking his estranged father come as the 78-year-old director and his latest film -- "  Blue Jasmine " -- are up for honors during Hollywood 's annual award season . When the Hollywood Foreign Press Association gave Allen a lifetime achievement award at the Golden Globes last month , his son tweeted : "  Missed the Woody Allen tribute -- did they put the part where a woman publicly confirmed he molested her at age 7 before or after Annie Hall ? " Dylan Farrow 's letter appeared in Times columnist Nicholas Kristof 's blog just hours before the Writers Guild Awards ceremony , for which Allen had been nominated for best screenplay for "  Blue Jasmine . " He did not win . Academy voters begin casting Oscar ballots on February 14 . Allen and his cast are up for three Academy Awards , including best original screenplay for Allen , best actress for Cate Blanchett and best supporting actress for Sally Hawkins . Dylan Farrow admonished actors by name for "  turning a blind eye " and for continuing to work with Allen . CNN reached out to the stars that Dylan Farrow challenged by name in her letter but has not yet received responses . In a series of Twitter posts Sunday , actor Alec Baldwin , who starred in "  Blue Jasmine , " fired back at people asking him to respond to the allegations . "  You are mistaken if you think there is a place for me , or any outsider , in this family 's issue , " he wrote . In another post , he slammed someone who asked whether he owed Dylan Farrow an apology : "  What the f&@% is wrong w u that u think we all need to b commenting on this family 's personal struggle ? " Ronan Farrow 's tweet puts Allen in harsh spotlight -- again	Dylan Farrow accuses Woody Allen of sexually abusing her when she was 7 "  The one to blame for Dylan 's distress is neither Dylan nor Woody Allen , " his lawyer says The controversy began in 1992 amid revelations that Allen was dating Soon-Yi Previn A criminal investigation ended with no charges against Woody Allen
Bilal Bettamer is a 23-year-old student who wants to save Benghazi from those he calls "  extremely dangerous people . " But his campaign against the criminal and extremist groups that plague the city has put his life at risk , and he says that if he receives more threats , he will have to leave Libya . Libya ca n't afford to lose the likes of Bettamer . A law graduate and civil activist , he helped organize the protest against jihadist groups after the attack on the U.S. Consulate there in September , in which four Americans were killed . That protest led to the expulsion from Benghazi of the militant Ansar al-Sharia group -- whose members were suspected of involvement in the attack -- and other jihadists from the city . A month later , Bettamer says , the extremists were back in Benghazi with a vengeance . He estimates there are maybe 100 of them at large . And last week , several European governments , as well as Canada and Australia , urged their citizens to leave this eastern Libyan city immediately , with Britain speaking of an "  imminent threat . " One Libyan source with contacts in Western intelligence circles says the warning followed an intercepted communication that revealed a specific and concrete plan to attack British interests . Fighting a ghost Bettamer says Ansar al Sharia has expelled its more militant members and is now helping provide security at the western entrance to Benghazi . "  People describe every extremist now as Ansar al Shariah , -LSB- but -RSB- there are people more extreme and more dangerous , " he says . Bettamer says he received three hostile text messages after the Save Benghazi Friday protest . "  You feel the threat and feel you are being watched ; they follow you and you feel something abnormal . " A "  religious-looking man " had approached Bettamer 's uncle outside their family home in Benghazi with a message for Bilal : "  Tell him to watch out . " The trouble is , no one knows who the assailants are . "  It 's like fighting a ghost , " Bettamer says . Bettamer says police and security forces are gradually getting better and that ordinary people in Benghazi are relatively safe . That 's not so for activists or members of the security forces , who are often targeted for assassination . The past three months have seen several assassinations , bombings and kidnappings of police and security officials in Benghazi . Among them was the abduction earlier this month of the head of the criminal investigation division , Abdel Salam al-Mehdawi . He 'd been investigating the murder of Benghazi 's chief of police in October and is still missing . Last week , Naji El-Hariri , the nephew of a leading figure in the Libyan revolution , was shot in Benghazi 's Al Laithi neighborhood , where a senior police officer was killed a week earlier by a bomb . And earlier this month , gunmen ambushed the car of the Italian consul in Benghazi , Guido De Sanctis . He escaped injury , but the Italians suspended their diplomatic presence . State of denial Outgoing U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told a congressional hearing last week that the new Libyan government had the "  willingness but not the capacity " to provide security . Bettamer does n't agree , saying the government is in a state of denial . "  The government is ignoring the problem and not confronting it , " he says , by blaming everything on Moammar Gadhafi loyalists . He believes it 's afraid of confronting extremist groups . Another Libyan source familiar with the situation in Benghazi agreed . "  When every day you have campaign of assassinations and attacks against government , police and security facilities and nobody is arrested , you have a bad situation , " the source said , adding that a group affiliated with Ansar al Shariah now controls one of the largest Gadhafi-era military camps in the city . Libyan Interior Minister Ashur Shuwail unveiled a plan last week involving the police , army and some militia to secure Benghazi -- one that may involve a nightly curfew from midnight to 5 a.m. . But it 's not just Benghazi . The UK Foreign Office has advised against travel throughout Libya -- apart for Tripoli and a number of towns on the coast . To the east of Benghazi , several towns are jihadist strongholds . Canada 's Foreign Affairs Department warned last week of "  ongoing clashes , including indiscriminate shelling , between pro-government militia and Gadhafi loyalists in Bani Walid , " as well as clashes between armed groups in Sabha and Kufra in the south . An estimated 400 people have been killed in tribal clashes around Kufra over the past year . The Libyan government is aware of the urgent need to better control its borders , but they are long and desolate -- and much of Libya 's air force was destroyed during the revolution . Last week , the Interior Ministry closed the Imsaed border crossing with Egypt to any foreigners , officially to discourage illegal immigration , and began air patrols over the border out of Tobruk . In the south and west , the borders with Niger and Algeria are even more beyond its control , according to regional analysts . The government is beginning to integrate some of the many militia into national security forces . It says 26,000 militia members have applied to join the police . But the process is a slow one only now gathering pace . Five things we learned from the Benghazi hearings Foreign exodus The public warnings last week have accelerated the exodus of foreigners from Benghazi . French doctors have quit the city 's hospitals . The city 's International School is closed . Just last week , the Libya Herald , an independent newspaper , reported on a conference organized by the Benghazi Chamber of Commerce to address the city 's huge problems : among them its dilapidated port and collapsing water-treatment system , which pumps raw sewage into the Mediterranean . But participants said there was little foreign presence . In the wake of the terrorist attack in Algeria and the warnings about security in Libya , BP announced at the weekend it was putting its Libyan exploration plans on hold . "  We had expected to restart drilling at the end of the second quarter this year , but we 're currently reviewing our plans , " a BP spokesman said Sunday . BP signed a $ 900 million agreement with Libya 's National Oil Corporation in 2007 but suspended the contract when fighting broke out in February 2011 . Crispin Hawes of Eurasia Group says Libyan oil production has made a strong recovery since Gadhafi 's overthrow , but security issues , protests and labor disputes are putting further gains at risk . "  The operating security environment continues to deter some service companies from operating in the country at all while others that have returned to Libya are still only slowly ramping up their activities , " Hawes writes . Libya needs foreign expertise to invest in its dilapidated infrastructure . Former interim Prime Minister Ahmed Jibril told al-Monitor newspaper in October : "  We have construction projects all over the place , all infrastructure projects -- roads , bridges , power stations , airports . They are all paralyzed . " There are ambitious plans to turn Benghazi into Libya 's commercial capital , with its port being upgraded to handle ships carrying 5,000 containers . But other infrastructure projects are stymied by a growing number of disputes about land ownership in the wake of the revolution , according to the Libya Herald . Daunting security challenges in North Africa A little Gadhafi in each of us Despite the need for qualified attorneys , some of Bettamer 's fellow law graduates in Benghazi work as taxi drivers amid widespread unemployment . Even so , the freshly minted graduate is guardedly optimistic about Libya 's future despite everything . He believes in greater federalism , saying Libya should comprise seven states , each with its own budget and measures to redistribute from the richer to the poorer . "  After 42 years of Gadhafi , there is a little Gadhafi inside each of us . He took stubbornness from us -- and we saw that when he refused to step down . And we took tyranny from him -- trying to impose our ideas on each other . " But he thinks the ghosts of Libya 's past can be exorcised . "  Sometimes I get very nervous about the future of this country . I get depressed . But I still see things that make me optimistic . " Opinion : Libya 's rich history provides hope for its future	Law graduate Bilal Bettamer is trying to make Benghazi a safer , prosperous place Threats may drive the 23-year-old civil activist from this troubled Libyan city Assassinations , bombings and kidnappings keep progress at bay The ghost of Moammar Gadhafi still hangs over Benghazi and rest of Libya
"  The Berenstain Bears ' " co-creator Jan Berenstain has died at the age of 88 , according to a Facebook page dedicated to the furry characters Berenstain and her husband created . "  It is with very sad hearts we inform you that our dear Jan died on Friday , February 24 . We are grateful for all of your very kind thoughts . Please remember her family at this very difficult time , " said a statement on the Berenstain Bears Facebook page . Berenstain and her husband , Stan , were already successful cartoonists when they decided to transition to writing children 's books . According to publisher Harper Collins , "  The Big Honey Hunt , " published in 1962 , was the first book starring the bear family . Since that time , more than 330 "  Berenstain Bears " books have been published over the past 50 years , the publisher said . More than 260 million copies have been sold , making it one of the best-selling children 's book series in history , Harper Collins said . The Berenstain Bears stories were so popular that the storyline was made into an animated TV show special on NBC in 1979 and then a hit daily TV series that began on PBS in 2002 . After Stan Berenstain died at age 82 in 2005 , Jan Berenstain and her son Mike continued to write and illustrate new adventures for the Berenstain Bears , according to the Berenstain Bear Facebook page . Berenstain lived in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , according to her publisher .	Jan Berenstain authored and illustrated "  The Berenstain Bears " books with her husband "  The Berenstain Bears " books have been in publication for 50 years The children 's books were made into a popular TV series on PBS
CNN  A ruthless Roger Federer confidently dispatched World No 1 . Novak Djokovic 6-3 7-5 to take the Dubai Tennis Championships title Saturday in little over one hour and 36 minutes . The Swiss master , appearing in his 126th tour final  of which he has now won 84  was at his imperious best , frustrating Djokovic who could do little to stem the variety of forehand , backhand and volleyed winners coming from the other side of the net . "  I do n't think I could have played much better , " Federer said on court after the match . Federer edged ahead in game seven of the first , breaking Djokovic before confidently serving out for the set . A critical double fault by Djokovic at 5-5 in the second handed his on-form opponent the upper hand . Federer then took the final game on serve to ensure he would win the Dubai title for the seventh time . The match also saw Federer serve up the 9,000 th ace of his career , becoming only the fourth man to achieve the feat since 1991 . "  Clearly it is nice to get past that so now I do n't have to think about it ever again for the next 9,000 or so , " he joked A magnanimous Djokovic later congratulated Federer on his victory . "  Today he was just the better player on the court , " the Serb said . "  There was not much I could do . " "  Federer  did n't miss much . I think he missed one or two volleys the entire match .	Federer defeats Djokovic to take Dubai Championships Victory marks 84th tour victory of Federer 's career
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Timothy Joseph Russert Sr. , the father of the late Tim Russert of NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " died from natural causes Thursday , according to his family . He was 85 . The elder Russert was the subject of his son 's 2004 book "  Big Russ and Me . " The New York Times bestseller captured the lessons passed down from father to son . "  While he was affectionately known to the world as ` Big Russ , ' he carried no more important nor meaningful titles than those of father , grandfather , great-grandfather , patriot and friend , " the family said in a statement . The younger Russert , who became one of the mainstays of television journalism 's political talk as the host of "  Meet the Press , " died from a heart attack in June 2008 at age 58 .	Timothy Joseph Russert Sr. was the father of the late journalist Tim Russert He was also the subject of his son 's 2004 bestseller , "  Big Russ and Me " His son was the host of "  Meet the Press " and died from a heart attack last year
CNN  -- Union workers and activists who refused to leave the Wisconsin Capitol building Sunday , against orders , will be allowed to spend the night , police said . Authorities had set a deadline earlier in the day of 4 p.m. CST for demonstrators to leave the building , saying it needed to be cleaned after roughly two weeks of protests . While many people left , hundreds of others defied the order and remained inside . Some say they are willing to risk arrest in a conflict that has become a flash point in the nation 's debate around labor unions "  We have the right to be here . This is the people 's house . This is a house of labor . This is a house that Wisconsin built , " Mahlon Mitchell , president of the Professional Fire Fighters of Wisconsin , said from inside the Capitol . Protesters are upset with Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker 's call to curb collective bargaining rights . The embattled first-term Republican has shown no sign of backing down and defended his proposal Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Wisconsin is "  broke , " and unions use their power to block necessary cost-saving measures , Walker argued . "  It 's about time somebody stood up and told the truth in this state , and said , ` Here 's our problem , here 's the solution , ' and acted on it , " he said . "  Because if we do n't , we fail to make a commitment to the future . " Minutes later on the program , AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka assailed Walker . "  This is n't about the budget crisis , " Trumka said , adding that Walker 's arguments have "  migrated " as his justifications have been refuted . "  Governors that are willing to sit down and work with their employees can work out problems , " Trumka said . "  We can solve them . But that 's not what Governor Walker is doing . He says , ' I wo n't talk to you . ' " Walker will talk to big contributors , but he "  wo n't talk to employees , " Trumka added . Earlier on CNN , another union head also accused the governor of using financial arguments as a deceit . "  Walker is saying it 's a budget crisis when it is n't a budget crisis , " said Randi Weingarten , president of the American Federation of Teachers . "  The workers have already said publicly , because he refuses to meet with them , that they would take the cuts to take-home pay that he has asked for here . So this is a ruse to shift power to his friends , because at the same time what he said was that he wanted to give tax breaks to the friends who put him into power . " The Wisconsin Assembly has passed a Republican bill that would strip most state workers of the bulk of their collective-bargaining rights . Among other things , the measure would require workers -- with the exception of police and firefighters -- to cover more of their health care premiums and pension contributions . Collective bargaining would be limited to wages , though any pay increases beyond the inflation rate would be subject to voter approval . The bill must now clear the Wisconsin Senate . However , 14 Democratic senators have fled to neighboring Illinois to prevent a quorum from voting on the issue . Walker called on the lawmakers to "  come back and do their job . " "  If we fail to pass this bill by Tuesday , we lose $ 165 million worth of savings . If we continue down that path we start seeing layoffs , " he warned . Walker repeatedly cited his experience as a local official in explaining his call to curtail bargaining rights for government . As a county executive , he tried "  modest " changes in pensions and health care , and tried to implement a 35-hour work week "  to avoid massive layoffs and furloughs , " Walker said . "  And the unions said , ` Forget it . ' Emboldened by the fact that they had collective bargaining agreements , they said , ` Go ahead , literally lay off 400 or 500 people . ' " Asked why the exemption for firefighters and police , Walker responded the decision "  boils down to public safety . " If any firefighters or police were to walk off the job in protest , "  I ca n't afford to have a fire or crime committed where there 's a gap in service . " Walker also defended himself against attacks stemming from a prank call in which he thought he was speaking privately to a wealthy conservative activist . The caller was in fact liberal blogger Ian Murphy , who posted the call online . At one point in the call , Walker said , "  This is our time to change the course of history . " Critics say his comment is a sign that he is an ideologue looking to reshape the system and end collective bargaining power rather than a pragmatic governor looking to balance a budget . "  I do believe that . This is our moment in Wisconsin 's history , " Walker told NBC . He added that "  legislatures before have kicked the can " by not providing long-term fixes . "  I make no apology for the fact this is an important moment in time , " he said . In the prank call , Murphy suggested "  planting some troublemakers " among people protesting the measure in Madison . "  We thought about that , " Walker replied in the call . Asked Sunday whether he had really thought about such an idea , he responded , "  We rejected that . " Government officials looked at "  all sorts " of suggestions , and rejected that idea "  because we 've had a civil discourse , " he said . Weingarten , speaking to CNN , said workers in Wisconsin have sent a message to Walker that " ` we understand and we will do our fair share . ' " But Walker is sending a different message , Weingarten said : " ` I 'm just taking away your voice at work . ' " In the long term , that message "  is ridiculous because collective bargaining is the way to increase quality , " she said . When President Barack Obama was campaigning in 2007 , he made a promise : "  If American workers are being denied their right to organize and collectively bargain when I 'm in the White House , I 'll put on a comfortable pair of shoes myself . I 'll walk with you on the picket line as president of the United States of America because workers deserve to know that somebody is standing in their corner , " he said during a speech in Spartanburg , South Carolina , on November 3 , 2007 . While the president has publicly expressed support for those fighting to keep collective bargaining in Wisconsin , he has not joined them at protests . But Trumka of the AFL-CIO insisted that Obama , who faces federal budget challenges , is "  doing it the right way . " "  He 's not taking on workers like Scott Walker is and trying to take away their ability to come together and negotiate a middle-class way of life , " Trumka said .	NEW : Police say that protesters already in the Capitol building will be allowed to spend the night NEW : Demonstrators had defied earlier instructions to leave Governor Walker says layoffs could come soon if the budget bill is not passed AFL-CIO president : "  This is n't about the budget crisis "
CNN  -- What happens when you give a 2-year-old a camera ? For Toronto toddler Henry Shakyaver , his imagination runs wild in a good way . Portrait and wedding photographer Alex Neary has been Henry 's nanny for the past year and a half . One day , during a visit to the park , they were sitting in a sandbox and Henry leaned over a toy dump truck . ' "  Take a photo of me like this , " Neary recalls him saying . Then he asked her to mimic his pose and let him take her photo . She showed him how to hold her iPhone and push the shutter button . The results were delightful , if not a little blurry . Neary started compiling the images on her website in a photos series Henry 's Concepts that 's catching the attention of blogs and local media . Neary has been photographing Henry since she became his nanny , so his mother was n't surprised to see him show an interest in getting behind the camera . "  The irony is that he wo n't sit still to take a picture for me , " Lorri MacDonald said . McDonald thinks the project teaches her son observation skills and inspires him to be creative . "  He 's learning to see the world through a different lens . I think he 's aware of his surroundings more through this project , " MacDonald said . Neary has also learned a thing or two from the project , which continues on her site . She shared with CNN some wisdom and tips for teaching children photography skills . The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN : What are some of Henry 's interests ? Neary : He loves dinosaurs . We go to the museum a lot . The aquarium ; he loves underwater life . He loves trucks , trains and building ramps . He 's a really hands-on , energetic kid . CNN : I 'm amazed these are all shot with an iPhone . Neary : With the iPhone , doing indoor shots with him is tough . I 'm trying to teach him how to focus , but he does n't quite get that . Some of the photos are blurry and not quite right . I do n't know if I 'd be able to do this if it were a real camera . But because it 's an iPhone , it 's so light and small enough for his tiny little hands to hold . He can hold it and slide his thumb over to take a photo . CNN : How many times does it take to get a picture before turns out ? Neary : Sometimes he gets it on the first go . Sometimes it takes three or four times . Usually I get in a pose , then he takes the photo , then I have to take a look to see if he got the shot . If he did n't get it , I 'll get back in the pose and we 'll try again . Sometimes he only gets my legs in it , or my head and sometimes his thumb is over it . CNN : What has Henry learned in doing this project with you ? Neary : I do n't know if he 's learned anything really , but he 's taking interest in taking photos of other things in the location that we 're in . I think it 's starting to bring out an interest in photography . I do n't know if he 'll grow up to be a photographer , but I think he 'll definitely do something creative . CNN : What are your tips for other parents or people who want to try having their kids take photos ? Neary : If they show an interest in it , and you feel comfortable and safe with them using the camera or phone , teach them the basic skills , like this is the button to push . When you see what you like in the screen , tap the icon . I think it 's more about getting them to have an interest in photography and having them interested in seeing things with a photographic eye . Be game for what they throw at you . Kids have crazy imaginations . You just have to be ready for whatever they throw at you . Be ready to laugh at yourself and make a fool out of yourself . CNN : What has Henry taught you through this project ? Neary : The poses he chooses , I would never make my clients do that . More than anything it 's just brought me a lot of happiness . There 's really no age limit to photography and creativity . If you have a creative mind at such a young age , then just embrace it and try to bring it out . Just let him do his thing . He 's starting to get really smart with this . I was getting him ready for his nap and he said , "  How about before nap time we do seven different poses ? " He 's using the posing as a way to stall things that he just really does n't want to do . Related : Meet Fuji , the 3-year-old photographer	2-year-old Henry Shakyaver 's poses inspire photo series "  Henry 's Concepts " Henry 's nanny Alex Neary is a photographer who started the series on her site The concept : Henry poses for a picture , Neary mimics his pose so he can take her picture Neary : "  Kids have crazy imaginations . ... Be ready to laugh at yourself "
London  CNN  -- Britain 's public service broadcaster , the BBC , was caught up in a growing furor Saturday over claims that a late children 's TV presenter sexually abused young women and girls , sometimes on its premises , in the 1960s and 1970s . The abuse claims , which come almost a year after presenter Jimmy Savile died , were made by five women in a documentary screened by rival broadcaster ITV Wednesday . Those interviewed for the film , titled "  Exposed -- the other side of Jimmy Saville , " gave detailed accounts of sexual assault while as young as 14 or 15 . One said she was raped by him at age 16 . Interviewed on a BBC program Saturday , BBC Director of Editorial Policy David Jordan gave what appeared to be the strongest confirmation yet from the broadcaster of wrongdoing on its premises . "  I think the fundamentals of the story are now well established , " he said . "  We now know that a number of women were appallingly sexually abused by Jimmy Savile , sometimes on BBC premises , at times during the 1960s and 1970s . " The police are now involved in the matter and the BBC says it is cooperating fully . London 's Metropolitan Police said in a statement Friday that its officers had met with representatives from the BBC and a national child protection charity . "  We are now collating information gathered from a range of sources across the UK and will continue contacting individuals who have made allegations in relation to the late Jimmy Savile over the coming weekend , " it said . "  We do not expect to have a clear picture of exactly how many women may have suffered abuse until next week and want to allow time for victims to reflect on what they may have experienced . " Savile , who hosted popular children 's TV programs including "  Jim 'll Fix It " and "  Top of the Pops , " was a household name in Britain for decades . He was also well known for his charitable work , having raised millions of pounds , and was awarded a knighthood . He died last October aged 84 . A BBC statement released earlier this week said it was horrified by the claims that have emerged . "  A number of serious and disturbing allegations have been made over the past few days about the sexual abuse of teenage girls by Sir Jimmy Savile , " it said . "  Some of these allegations relate to activity on BBC premises in the 1960s and 70s . We are horrified by allegations that anything of this sort could have happened at the BBC -- or have been carried out by anyone working for the BBC . "  They are allegations of a serious criminal nature which the police have the proper powers to investigate . " A nephew of Savile , Roger Foster , said he had "  every faith " his uncle was innocent of the claims and would have defended himself "  vigorously " had the allegations been made in his lifetime . "  It seems to me a terribly one-sided program . How can anybody defend themselves if they are not here to do that ? " Foster said in a recent interview with Britain 's Telegraph newspaper . "  It just seems to be very , very sad that these comments have come out now . If there was any truth to them at all , why did n't they come out years ago when it actually happened ? " The controversy has prompted a wider examination of an apparent culture of sexism at the BBC in past decades that may have fed into abusive behavior . Liz Kershaw , a DJ who started working at BBC Radio 1 in 1987 , just after Savile left the station , described the environment then as "  like walking into a rugby club locker room . " She told BBC Radio 4 on Saturday that his behavior was an "  open secret " within the station , saying , "  round Radio 1 everybody joked about Jimmy Savile and young girls . " She was also routinely groped by another radio presenter while live on air , she said -- and her complaints about this were met by ridicule . Kershaw acknowledged that the broadcaster would treat such a complaint differently now , but said that at the time she was groped its response had been out of step with public views on acceptable behavior . The BBC has also come under pressure to explain why its own flagship Newsnight program , which looked into a previous police investigation into abuse claims against Savile last year , decided not to run the story . That police investigation was dropped for lack of evidence . The program 's editor , Peter Rippon , said the decision was made solely for editorial reasons .	Claims of sexual abuse have been made against a late BBC children 's TV presenter Five women say Jimmy Savile abused them when they were teenage girls The BBC says it is horrified by the claims of abuse , dating back to the 1960s and 1970s A nephew of Savile , who was knighted for his charitable work , defends his reputation
CNN  -- Former Real Madrid star Alfredo Di Stefano , widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time , has died at the age of 88 . A statement published on the La Liga team 's website confirmed that di Stefano had passed away Monday at Madrid 's General Universitario Gregorio Maranon . "  Real Madrid president Florentino Perez and the club 's board of directors would like to express their deepest condolences and their love and affection towards his children , friends and family , " the club 's statement read . "  Real Madrid extends these condolences to all the Madridistas of the world and those who feel the loss of the best player of all time . " Honorary president of the Spanish giants since 2000 , Di Stefano was admitted to hospital on Saturday after suffering a heart attack near Madrid 's Bernabeu Stadium . Born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , Di Stefano led Los Blancos to five consecutive European Cup triumphs from 1956 to 1960 and was named European Footballer of the Year twice in 1957 and 1959 . He was equally successful in domestic football , winning eight Spanish league titles and one Copa del Rey . Real 's Perez is due to make a further statement at the Bernabeu later on Monday , the club 's Website said . Remarkably Di Stefano played at international level for three nations but never appeared at the World Cup . He won six caps for Argentina and played four times for Colombia , though his Colombian caps are not recognized by world governing body FIFA . In 1957 , FIFA gave Di Stefano permission to play for Spain after he gained Spanish citizenship and the Real star went to win 31 caps for La Roja . Former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson was among the many leading figures in the game to pay tribute to Di Stefano , saying he was "  very sad " to hear the news . "  The great question that always comes up is who are the greatest players , " Ferguson told Sky Sports News . "  Obviously there is a list of great ones like  Johan  Cruyff ,  Diego  Maradona and Pele and of course  Ferenc  Puskas and of course Di Stefano -- I thought he was one of the greatest in my mind . "  He had a fantastic balance and poise . If you look at one of the goals he scored in the  1960 European Cup  final against Eintracht Frankfurt it was completely what we are saying about the balance and poise , unbelievable he was . " People we 've lost in 2014	Former Real Madrid legend Alfredo Di Stefano dies aged 88 Di Stefano led Real to five consecutive European Cup triumphs Born in Argentina , Di Stefano widely regarded as one of best players of all time
CNN  -- The United States breached international law by executing a Mexican national without having granted him consular access , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said Friday . Navi Pillay , in a statement , said she deeply regrets the execution of Humberto Leal Garcia , after a 5-4 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court denied him a stay of execution Thursday night . "  The execution of Mr. Leal Garcia places the U.S. in breach of international law , " said Pillay , who is on an official mission in Mexico . "  What the state of Texas has done in this case is imputable in law to the U.S. and engages the United States ' international responsibility . " Pillay said Leal was not granted consular access , which -- as a foreign national -- was his right under Article 36 of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations . The denial of access raises concerns about whether Leal got a fair trial , Pillay said . Leal , who was convicted for the 1994 rape and murder of a 16-year-old girl , was executed Thursday evening by lethal injection in Texas . Federal officials , including the Obama administration , had tried to persuade Texas Gov. Rick Perry to delay the execution . "  The secretary herself is quite disappointed in the outcome in this case , " said State Department spokeswoman Victoria Neuland about Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . "  The U.S. government sought a stay of Leal 's execution in order to give the Congress time to act on the Consular Notification Compliance Act , which would have provided Leal the judicial review required by international law . " Neuland said the case underscores the importance of the act 's passage . "  If we do n't protect the rights of non-Americans in the United States , we seriously risk reciprocal lack of access to our own citizens overseas , " she said . "  I am sorry for everything I have done , " Leal said at the Huntsville facility before he was executed . "  I have hurt a lot of people . Let this be final and be done . I take the full blame for this . " Leal then shouted "  Viva Mexico , " followed by "  I 'm ready warden , let 's get the show on the road . " Mexico condemned the execution , saying it violated an International Court of Justice ruling ordering the United States to review capital convictions of Mexican nationals . The U.S. Supreme Court earlier denied a stay of execution by 5-4 , despite pleas from the Obama administration and the Mexican government to delay the execution . In an unsigned opinion by the majority , the court refused to delay the execution until Congress could pass pending legislation giving federal courts the authority to hear similar claims from foreign inmates . "  We decline to follow the United States ' suggestion of granting a stay to allow Leal to bring a claim based on hypothetical legislation when it can not even bring itself to say that his attempt to overturn his conviction has any prospect of success , " said the majority . In their dissent , the four justices , led by Stephen Breyer , urged that Leal 's execution be delayed . "  It is difficult to see how the state 's interest in the immediate execution of an individual convicted of capital murder 16 years ago can outweigh the considerations that support additional delay , perhaps only until the end of the summer , " said Breyer , who was supported by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor , and Elena Kagan . Sandra Babcock , lead appellate attorney , said , "  It is shameful that Mr. Leal will pay the price for our inaction . The need for congressional action to restore our reputation and protect our citizens is more urgent than ever . " "  This case was not just about one Mexican national on death row in Texas , " Babcock said in a statement . "  The execution of Mr. Leal violates the United States ' treaty commitments , threatens the nation 's foreign policy interests , and undermines the safety of all Americans abroad . " The state 's Board of Pardons and Parole ruled that Leal did not deserve to have his death sentence commuted to life in prison without parole . The victim 's mother , Rachel Terry , had called for the execution to go ahead as planned . "  A technicality does n't give anyone a right to come to this country and rape , torture and murder anyone , in this case my daughter , " she told CNN affiliate KSAT in San Antonio . "  It 's been difficult for myself and her family members , " she added . "  She certainly was taken away from us at a very young age . We just want closure . " Leal 's lawyers argued the consulate access violation was more than a technicality . Babcock told CNN that Mexican officials would have ensured Leal would have had the most competent trial defense possible had they been able to speak with him immediately after he was arrested . "  I think in most of these cases it was not a deliberate thing , " Babcock said . "  Local police lack training " on the Vienna Convention , she added , referring to the international agreement that mandates consular access . Leal 's backers say he had learning disabilities and brain damage and had been sexually abused by his parish priest . They say those factors should have been considered at his sentencing . The Mexican government had filed a supporting appeal with the high court in Washington , asking the justices to block Leal 's execution . And on Friday , the Obama administration asked Texas to delay the execution . "  This case implicates United States foreign policy interests of the highest order , " including protecting U.S. citizens abroad and promoting good relations with other countries , Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. said . Congress has also weighed in . Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , chairman of the Judiciary Committee , introduced a bill in June to grant federal courts the power to review such appeals . "  This case is not an isolated instance ; the issue of consular notification remains a serious diplomatic and legal concern , " Leahy said Thursday . In Texas , Perry 's office countered that a federal appeals court had already given Leal the judicial scrutiny the Obama administration and the United Nations were seeking . "  If you commit the most heinous of crimes in Texas , you can expect to face the ultimate penalty under our laws , " Katherine Cesinger , spokeswoman for the governor , told CNN . "  Congress has had the opportunity to consider and pass legislation for the federal courts ' review of such cases since 2008 , and has not done so each time a bill was filed . " Ted Cruz , the state 's former solicitor general who argued the 2008 Supreme Court case for Texas , said Leal waited too long to raise these issues . "  The question is not should a foreign national have the right to contact their consulate , " Cruz told CNN . "  The question is , years later , after they have been tried , after they have been convicted , after it has been clear like Humberto Leal that they are a vicious child rapist and murderer , should you come in and set aside that conviction . You ca n't come back years later and try and set aside your trial with some additional claim you wish you had raised . " Cruz is running for the U.S. Senate as a Republican candidate .	The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights says U.S. breached international law Humberto Leal Garcia , a Mexican national , was not granted consular access The U.S. Supreme Court denied a stay of execution Leal was not informed of his right to contact the Mexican consulate upon his arrest
CNN  -- The nation 's best military fliers have had their wings clipped , thanks to the forced spending cuts imposed on the federal government this year . The U.S. Navy on Tuesday announced it was canceling all the air shows its Blue Angels Flight Demonstration Squadron had scheduled for the rest of the year . The Navy action follows the Air Force 's April 1 announcement that its Thunderbirds team would not perform again this year . "  Recognizing budget realities , current Defense policy states that outreach events can only be supported with local assets at no cost to the government , " said a statement Tuesday from the office of the Commander Naval Air Forces in San Diego . "  This is one of many steps the Navy is taking to ensure resources are in place to support forces operating forward now and those training to relieve them . " The Navy , Air Force and the rest of the federal government must deal with $ 85 billion in cuts for the rest of fiscal year 2013 , which ends September 30 , that were mandated by a 2011 agreement by Congress that raised the federal debt ceiling . Obama to propose changes to Medicare and Social Security The cuts targeted agencies and programs dear to Democrats , such as education , and also went after Republican priorities , including the military . The Air Force had said earlier this year that air shows can cost bases $ 100,000 . More than two dozen Thunderbirds performances scheduled for the rest of this year were cut , including an Asian tour . Air force fighter jets a casualty of budget cuts The Blue Angels had 32 performances left this year . However , several of those , including one originally scheduled for this coming weekend at Naval Air Station Corpus Christi in Texas , had been canceled with the expectation that the budget cuts would force the Navy 's hand . The Navy team had also canceled a performance set for MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , Florida , last weekend . The next performance still on the schedule would have been at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland , on May 22 , part of the graduation festivities at the academy . The Navy said the Blue Angels will continue to train at their base in Pensacola , Florida , for when the budget crunch ends . "  The Navy believes there is value in demonstrating the professionalism and capabilities of our Navy and Marine Corps Naval Aviation team , thus inspiring future generations of Sailors and Marines . The Navy intends to continue aerial demonstrations in the future as the budget situation permits , " the service 's statement said . FAA delays closures of 149 control towers	Navy 's Blue Angels had 32 shows left in 2013 Air Force 's Thunderbirds lose more than two dozen shows Federal forced spending cuts lead to cancellations Air shows can cost bases $ 100,000 , Air Force says
CNN  -- Victims and campaigners from the Bhopal disaster of 1984 have staged a "  die-in " outside the UK 's sports ministry to protest at the sponsorship role Dow Chemical Company will play in the London 2012 Olympics . The demonstrators object to the International Olympic Committee 's 10-year deal with Dow , who in 2001 became owners of the firm that caused one of the worst industrial disasters in India , when nearly 4,000 people were killed by a gas leak at the Union Carbide plant . An estimated 45,000 others were said to be affected by the emission of poisonous gas at the site in Bhopal , which has caused cancer , disability and renal failure . The demonstrators want the Indian government to boycott the 2012 Games if the IOC keeps Dow as a sponsor , and said they will continue their protests after the Olympic body insisted their partner was not responsible for the tragedy . The campaigners are lobbying the UK government to rectify what it claims are "  transparent errors of moral judgment and legal reasoning " in its failure to remove all support for Dow 's sponsorship . India 's government has written to the IOC to ask it to drop ties with Dow , while the Indian Olympic Association  IOA  has threatened to withdraw from the Games if no action is taken . In a letter to the IOA , Jacques Rogge , president of the IOC , said : "  IOC recognizes that the Bhopal tragedy in 1984 was an horrific event for India and the world . "  The Olympic Movement sympathizes with the grief of the victims ' families and regrets the ongoing suffering people face in the region . "  Dow had no connection with the Bhopal tragedy . Dow did not have any ownership stake in Union Carbide until 16 years after the accident and 12 years after the $ 470 million compensation agreement was approved by the Indian Supreme Court . "  We only enter into partnerships with organizations that we believe work in accordance with the values of the Olympic Movement . " But with the Indian Supreme Court reviewing the case for a third time , the protestors claimed Dow was engaged in an "  unethical refusal to deal with its unresolved legal and moral liabilities in Bhopal . " They also claimed Dow are misrepresenting facts and "  prolonging the suffering of thousands of people in Bhopal , including that of unborn generations . " Officials from the protest group met with representatives from the UK 's high commission and handed over a petition complete with 21,000 signatures that asked for Dow to be dropped as an Olympic sponsor .	Indian group protest to UK government over sponsorship deal for London 2012 Games Group angry Dow Chemical Company signed 10-year Olympic contract in 2010 Protestors claim Dow is involved in avoiding liability in Bhopal tragedy of 1984 IOC says it sympathizes with demonstrators ' position but defends Dow deal
CNN  -- Standing atop a craggy , coastal outcrop on the outskirts of Reykjavik , Helgi Sveinsson checks his footing before adopting a statuesque pose reminiscent of a Nordic warrior . With chest puffed out and a javelin at his side , the 35-year-old 's stance has a classical feel , but with a distinctly modern twist . In the dying light of a frigid November day in the Icelandic capital , the jagged silhouette of a carbon fiber running blade can be made out before its tip trails into the inky murk beneath . The prosthetic limb has helped Sveinsson become one of the most successful para-athletes of recent times propelling him to the top of the podium in the javelin over the last two seasons . At the 2013 world championships in Lyon , France , he took gold and repeated the feat earlier this year at the European Championships with a winning throw of 50.74 meters competing in the F42 class -- a category for athletes who have suffered amputations above the knee . "  I just love everything about the javelin , " Sveinsson told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It 's just the feeling when you hit the sweet spot -- when you 're throwing a perfect throw , there 's nothing that compares to that ... it 's the perfect feeling . " Like most Paralympic competitors , Sveinsson has had plenty thrown at him during his life . A talented handball player in his youth , Sveinsson looked to be heading for the professional ranks when , on the cusp of adulthood , his life took an abrupt and tragic turn . "  I was 18 years old when I started feeling little bits of pain in my leg . And then the pain got worse , and worse , and worse , " he explains . A period of agonizing limbo involving hospital visits , tests and scans came to a horrifying conclusion with a diagnosis of bone cancer . He embarked upon a course of chemotherapy but after five months of treatment the tumor showed no signs of shrinking and the decision was made to amputate his left leg above the knee in 1999 . He was 19 years old . "  I just thought to myself : ` now the professional sports dream that I have is out the window . ' So I had to do something else , " he says . Sveinsson exchanged the fast-paced action of the handball court for more gentle pursuits like golf and fishing . Understandably , given his circumstances , he lost interest in keeping fit and piled on the pounds during his 20s . But when he took a job in R&D at the Icelandic prosthetics company Ossur in 2009 , it was n't long before his competitive spark was reignited and his sporting career resumed with a flourish . Based in Reykjavik , Ossur has forged a global reputation as a leading manufacturer and developer of prosthetic knees , legs and feet . Their carbon fiber running blades were famously worn by the Paralympian Oscar Pistorius and dozens of other para-athletes around the world use their equipment today . "  Ossur has been my inspiration for the things I am doing today . To be able to be around and talk to the biggest names in Paralympic sports made me want to do it . I have a lot to thank them for , " he said . "  To be able to run again at the level I am doing , it 's just unbelievable . This is one of the best inventions ever , " he says pointing down to his carbon fiber blade . At first , Sveinsson used it exclusively for sprinting , competing in the 100m , before also taking up the long jump , but his true calling came a little later , more by happy accident than choice . "  I was warming up for the long jump and I saw a javelin lying on the grass . So I picked it up , tried one throw and that was my thing . The old handball shoulder was back , " he said , noting the similarity in the throwing techniques of the two sports . "  It 's pretty much the same rhythm . In the javelin , you  have a  fast approach until you stop and throw and it 's just the same thing in handball . " His first ever throw surpassed the European championship qualifying standard by six meters , and he currently has a personal best of 51.83 meters -- just under a meter off the world record held by Danish thrower Jakob Mathiasen . It 's a distance that 's well within his reach , the Icelander reckons . "  I 've been doing this almost three years and I 've got so much inside that I want to get out before I stop . I want to be the first amputee to throw over 60m , " he says . At this time of year , particularly in Iceland 's long , drawn out winters , it 's more about knuckling down to training than record attempts with Sveinsson focusing on his technique and keeping the body strong . "  You have to train every single muscle in your body to be able to cope with what you are doing . I am amputated on the left side ... so I have to train that little bit harder to make these muscle groups a little bit stronger . " Next year promises to be another banner year with Sveinsson looking to defend his world crown in Doha , Qatar . But 2016 is already on his mind when Rio de Janeiro will host the 15th Parlympic Games . "  My future dreams are to make the grand slam -- to be world champion , European champion and Olympic champion . "  I want to be the best , always . There 's nothing else that I 'm thinking about . I want to be the guy that everyone wants to beat . That 's my goal . " Whatever the future holds , Sveinsson hopes to continue being the living embodiment of his life motto . "  Never give up , " he says . "  You can always do something . " Read more : Meet Vietnam 's martial arts missionary Read more : Surf queen helps women wave rights	Icelandic javelin star overcomes amputation to become leading para-athlete Helgi Sveinsson a promising handball player before developing bone cancer in leg Left leg amputated above knee in 1999 ; sports career revitalized by job at prosthetic firm Icelandic-based Ossur provided running blades for South African sprinter Oscar Pistorius
Atlanta  CNN  -- A young girl bravely stood to ask the Dalai Lama 's doctor a question , and he gave her an unusual answer . Dr. Tsewang Tamdin , a world-renowned expert in Tibetan medicine , visited Emory University in Atlanta on Monday as part of his effort to reach more American medical practitioners . He wants to develop collaborative projects between the Tibetan medicine system , which is more than 2,500 years old , and Western medicine . The little girl told Tamdin she suffered from asthma . She wanted to know if there was anything in Tibetan medicine that could help her get better . Tamdin , who spoke through a translator for the hourlong lecture , immediately switched to English . In a gentle , almost too-soft tone , he explained what might help . Inhalers doctors prescribe for asthmatics works well , he said , and told her to continue using one if she does already . The inhaler , though , treats the symptoms only . Tibetan medical practice , he explained , ultimately aims to get to the root cause of the problem . "  While others might consider the holistic practice of Tibetan medicine ` alternative medicine ' or a kind of side practice , I would like for others outside of our system to consider the Tibetan healing system full-fledged healing , " Tamdin said . "  Tibetan medical knowledge has tremendous potential to add to modern medicine . " Tibetan practice teaches that people get sick when a person 's physical , psychological and spiritual well-being are out of balance . To restore balance , Tamdin recommended diet and exercise changes for the girl . He encouraged her to get proper rest and to get exercise that encouraged deep breathing , such as skipping or cycling . He also suggested eating three or four white raisins a day . There is a property in the fruit that helps breathing , he said . But perhaps the biggest sacrifice for a child was his advice to avoid cold foods -- particularly , he said , ice cream . Another patient who came to him with asthma symptoms would get a completely different diagnosis , Tamdin said . Each patient 's disease is treated differently from the next . That 's in large part because traditional Tibetan medicine is grounded in Buddhist philosophy . In his training to become a physician , Tamdin also studied Buddhist tradition and astrology . American and Tibetan doctors have some practices in common . If Tamdin were to have a longer consultation with the girl , he said he would perform familiar diagnostic tests . He would examine her urine sample and take her pulse , but he also would ask questions that would be the more familiar terrain of a psychologist . He tries to find out if a person is angry or anxious or if someone is becoming too self-centered . "  Tibetans believe in our interconnectedness , " said Geshe Lobsang Negi , a former monk who is now director of the Emory-Tibet partnership . "  When we lose that perspective -- that we are a kind of little speck that is infinitely connected with the rest of the world -- when we see ourselves as the solid , fixed , all-important center of the universe , we call that ignorance , and that means we are vulnerable to illness . " This whole person approach to Tibetan medicine is being analyzed by a number of research studies in the United States . An NIH-funded study is examining the impact that compassion meditation can have on alleviating depression . Compassion meditation is a Tibetan Buddhist mind training that asks a person to examine why they feel a certain way about someone and then to develop feelings of love and empathy for a number of people that will grow with more practice to include even people they normally dislike . Studies have shown the medical effectiveness of meditation overall . A 2003 study of mindfulness-based meditation showed enhanced antibody production after someone receives a flu vaccine . Another study from that same year found cancer patients who were trained in mindfulness-based stress reduction showed a boost in their immune system . And a study this year from Carnegie Mellon University showed mindfulness-based meditation has a far-reaching influence on both psychological and physical health . Mindfulness means being present and in the moment , and observing in a nonjudgmental way . Negi 's 2008 study of compassion meditation showed a reduction in stress-induced immune and behavioral responses . Several other studies under way are looking at the impact of Tibetan treatments on certain viral illnesses and on hepatitis . Tamdin believes ignorance is at the root cause of all illness . "  If you think about this , it makes sense , " Negi said . "  For instance , if you believe you are the center of the universe and someone has something you want , you may become jealous and believe you deserve what that person has . " "  You may become so jealous , " he added , "  you do n't sleep at night and you will be stressed . Medical tests have shown there is a biochemical change in your body created by a release of a stress hormone . In Tibetan medicine , it is important to recognize the role the mind can play on our own physical well-being . " Tamdin said that modern medicine treats symptoms , but said a patient will never get better if they fail to attend to psychological issues . "  If one does not gain this understanding of selflessness , they wo n't be able to overcome their ignorance , " he said . "  One way to look at it is to watch the bird and its shadow . It may fly and fly high into the sky , but it continues to leave a shadow on the surface of Earth . As long as you have ignorance within you -- even though you are enjoying good health -- there is always a shadow of sickness falling upon you . From this ignorance arises three mental poisons : attachment , hatred and delusion . " All those will affect energy , he said . In addition to actual medicine and dietary changes , a Tibetan doctor may also prescribe the patient practice more kindness and compassion toward others -- or that they practice more compassion meditation . Western medicine is reluctant to accept the Tibetan medical idea that some unexplained illnesses may ultimately be caused by someone 's karma or even by evil spirits . The language Tibetan doctors use to suggest that good health is based on the balance of bile , phlegm and wind may seem a little too foreign to modern medicine practitioners . But the holistic approach to a patient 's health -- treatments that involve diet , behavior , prescription of medicine and contemplative practices -- may continue to appeal to physicians after they see demonstrated proof that these kind of therapies work . "  The Tibetan tradition has evolved over 2,500 years , " Negi said . "  It has a rich tradition that has helped the health of people for many many years . "  His holiness the Dalai Lama was the first to say that these things we believe in should be subjected to scientific tools so we could better understand the human condition overall and help us to better deal with the situation of our own well-being . "	Tibetan medical experts want more collaborative projects with modern medicine Tibetan doctors sometimes prescribe kindness and compassion to cure illness Tibetan compassion meditation may lower stress-induced immune responses The Dalai Lama wants more scientific testing of Tibetan traditional medicine
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court for a third time has turned aside an urgent appeal from Great Lakes states to close Chicago-area shipping channels so invasive Asian carp wo n't have a doorway into the world 's largest freshwater ecosystem . The justices Monday turned aside without comment another request for intervention , the latest chapter in a nearly century-old dispute involving six Midwest states and the Canadian province of Ontario . At issue is a direct challenge to Illinois ' complex water diversion and sewage disposal network , which some predict will inadvertently allow the non-native fish to enter Lake Michigan . Some environmentalists and lawmakers fear an economic and ecological disaster if the creatures breach man-made barriers . And there are concerns the fish may have already slipped past locks and entered the massive bodies of fresh water . The fish can grow up to 4 feet in length and 100 pounds in weight , reproduce rapidly , and can gobble up to 40 % of their body weight daily , quickly out-competing less aggressive native fish populations . The high court twice before has refused to step into the case . Five states -- Michigan , Minnesota , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin -- had filed a new appeal , demanding permanent closure of a drainage system linking the Mississippi River and the lakes . The justices were asked again to grant a preliminary injunction , which would have forced Illinois to immediately close down much of its Chicago-area shipping locks and dams , and would have prompted rapid construction of a fish-proof barrier . The high court refused that petition , but offered no explanation . The voracious Asian carp has successfully migrated up the Mississippi River to the Chicago suburbs . State officials , businesses , and environmentalists fear it is only a step away from triggering a swift economic disaster across the Great Lakes , saying that once in Lake Michigan the carp would spread quickly to Lakes Erie , Huron , Ontario , and Superior . DNA from the carp was found in 2010 closer to Lake Michigan than ever before -- at a Wilmette , Illinois , pumping station along the lake shore -- raising fresh concerns that the fish has breached an electric barrier placed along a maze of canals and locks in Illinois . Among those being sued are Chicago 's local water reclamation agency and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , which helped build the canal system and helps maintain it . Illinois officials say other states and the federal courts do not have the legal authority to order the closing of any federally approved water management project . There are fears that shutting down the locks would lead to massive flooding and cripple the area 's commercial shipping industry . The term "  Asian carp " is actually an umbrella name for at least four large varieties of fish considered nuisance invasive species : the grass , black , silver , and bighead carp . Related to common goldfish , the bigger types are known as prolific jumpers , easily spooked out of the water by passing watercraft . Numerous boaters have been injured by inadvertent collisions with airborne fish . Biologists have been tracking their northern migration ever since they were first imported in the 1960s , traced to an Arkansas fish farmer . Several of the fish escaped during a flood in the 1990s and quickly expanded their range . Their possible presence just miles from the lakes prompted the latest lawsuit over the so-called Chicago Diversion , a project started in the late 1800s to prevent the city 's sewage from contaminating Lake Michigan . The project involved reversing the flow of the Chicago River , and connecting it and two other nearby rivers with the Mississippi River basin . That created a connection between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi , helping fuel an economic boom in the nation 's third-largest metropolitan area . In 1922 , Wisconsin sued Illinois to stop the growing water diversion , since other states relied on the drinking water . All other lake states except Indiana joined suit , and the Supreme Court eventually agreed with them , ordering mitigating effects over Illinois ' diversion . Now several of those states are asking the justices to reopen the old cases . Such interstate disputes over boundaries and shared natural resources are one of the few instances where appeals can go directly to the Supreme Court , instead of first being heard in lower courts . The Obama administration is supporting Illinois . Justice Elena Kagan was actively involved in the cases when she worked as the Justice Department 's solicitor general . Since joining the high court two years ago , Kagan has not participated in any of the current carp-related appeals , including Monday 's order . The other states and Canada want the Illinois water diversion projects to be declared a "  public nuisance " because of the carp emergency . Of more immediate concern , they want Illinois and federal officials to modify their fish-control facilities , including the electric fences , to ensure the fish stay away from the lakes . Electric barriers were first set up in 2002 in the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal , about 33 miles from Lake Michigan . They became fully operational in 2010 , but Army engineers acknowledge the barrier is not 100 % effective . It is designed not to kill carp , but to discourage them from going farther . The current case is Michigan v. Army Corps of Engineers  11-541  .	Six Midwest states , Canadian province of Ontario want action on Asian carp They want the court to order Illinois to shut down locks and dams and build a fish barrier The large , voracious Asian carp is seen as a threat to native species The fish got into the Mississippi River system from a fish farm during a flood in the 1990s
China 's first lunar rover is expected to land on the moon on Saturday , less than two weeks after it blasted off from Earth , according to Chinese media reports . The landing will make China one of only three nations -- after the United States and the former Soviet Union -- to "  soft-land " on the moon 's surface , and the first to do so in more than three decades . Chang ` e-3 , the unmanned spacecraft carrying the rover , is due to touch down on a lava plain named Sinus Iridum , or Bay of Rainbows , shortly after 3 p.m. GMT  10 a.m. ET  on December 14 , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . On landing , Chang ` e-3 will release Jade Rabbit  called Yutu in Chinese  -- a six-wheeled lunar rover equipped with at least four cameras and two mechanical legs that can dig up soil samples to a depth of 30 meters . The solar-powered rover will patrol the moon 's surface , studying the structure of the lunar crust as well as soil and rocks , for at least three months . The robot 's name was decided by a public online poll and comes from a Chinese myth about the pet white rabbit of a goddess , Chang ` e , who is said to live on the moon . Chopsticks and soup spoons : Inspiration behind China 's space tools Weighing 140 kilograms , the slow-moving rover carries an optical telescope for astronomical observations and a powerful ultraviolet camera that will monitor how solar activity affects the various layers -- troposphere , stratosphere and ionosphere -- that make up the Earth 's atmosphere , China 's information technology ministry said in a statement . The Jade Rabbit is also equipped with radioisotope heater units , allowing it to function during the cold lunar nights when temperatures plunge as low as -180 °C  -292 °F  . China has rapidly built up its space program since it first sent an astronaut into space in 2003 . In 2012 , the country conducted 18 space launches , according to the Pentagon . The Chang ` e-3 mission constitutes the second phase of China 's moon exploration program , which includes orbiting , landing and returning to Earth . In 2010 , China captured images of the landing site for the 2013 probe , the Bay of Rainbows , which is considered to be one of the most picturesque parts of the moon . Within the next decade , China expects to open a permanent space station in the Earth 's orbit . Timeline : China 's race into space But scientists in the United States have expressed concern that the Chang ` e-3 mission could skew the results of a NASA study of the moon 's dust environment . The spacecraft 's descent is likely to create a noticeable plume on the moon 's surface that could interfere with research already being carried out by NASA 's Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer  LADEE  , Jeff Plescia , chair of NASA 's Lunar Exploration Analysis Group told news site , Space.com in November . The Chang ` e-3 spacecraft blasted off from a Long March 3B rocket in China 's Sichuan province on December 2 , and reached the moon 's orbit at 100 kilometers  about 60 miles  from its surface less than five days later . On Tuesday , it descended into an elliptical orbit with its lowest point just 15 kilometers off the lunar surface , a spokesperson for China 's Administration of Science , Technology and Industry for National Defense told Xinhua . The Soviet Union 's Luna 24 probe was the last space mission to land on the moon in August , 1976 -- four years after the United States launched the manned Apollo 17 mission .	A Chinese spacecraft , Chang ` e-3 , is due to land on the moon this weekend Chang ` e-3 will release a moon rover to collect soil samples and study the lunar surface The solar-powered robot contains a telescope and ultraviolet camera China is one of three countries to make a soft-landing on the moon
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The only checks Chris Chelios should be concerned about are the ones he 's writing for his children 's college tuition , but instead he still has the next body check into the hockey boards on his mind . At 48 years old , Chelios is the oldest American and second oldest player ever to play professional hockey . The veteran of 26 seasons in the National Hockey League has won the Stanley Cup three times , once in Montreal , Quebec , and twice in Detroit , Michigan . Now , the Chicago , Illinois , native has been called up from the American Hockey League 's Chicago Wolves to the NHL 's Atlanta Thrashers . "  Hopefully I can provide a little bit of leadership with what I bring to the table , " Chelios said . "  It is a black cloud over my head -- that 48 , " he said . "  I got to go out on the ice and prove it . " Chelios is 30 years older than his youngest teammate , Evander Kane . Six of his teammates were n't born when his NHL career began . Still , cracks about age do n't come up in the locker room . "  Most of the guys from my team have been pretty respectful that way , but I 'm so used to hearing it from the fans and from other teams that it does n't bother me , " the defenseman said . Teammate Ron Hainsey said the jokes are minimal . "  You probably wo n't hear too many from these guys because he might start skating circles around guys here . " Hainsey , like most of the Atlanta Thrashers , grew up watching Chelios play . "  He 's in as good of shape as anybody here , " Hainsey said . "  It 's just simply incredible for his age . " In his 9th NHL season , Hainsey has played in about 600 professional hockey games compared to Chelios ' 1,600 professional games . "  If there 's anybody who 's seen just about everything , he 's got to be the guy who 's it , " Hainsey said . "  We 're going to soak up everything we can from him while he 's here . " Chelios still plays hard , but he does n't play as many minutes as he did in his 20s . When he is on the ice , Hainsey said , Chelios seems to always be in the right place at the right time . "  I think I 'm a little smarter than the young guys , but they got their speed that makes up for the lack of smarts , " Chelios said . Thrashers Head Coach John Anderson is just five years older than Chelios . "  He loves the game . He loves to play and it 's not about the money anymore . It 's about wanting to win and wanting to play , " Anderson said . "  I was kidding our defense coach -LSB- Todd -RSB- Nelson , " Anderson said . "  I said this is probably the last time in your whole career you 're going to get to coach somebody older than you . " Chelios is married with four kids who live in the Detroit area . He has two daughters in high school , one son in college and another son heading to college soon . "  It 's been a pretty tough adjustment for me not being with them , " Chelios said . Both of his sons play hockey . "  You know at some point I got to start watching them , " he said . "  They 're sick of watching me . " Chelios is four years away from reaching Gordie Howe 's record of playing in the NHL at age 52 , but says he wo n't break that record . "  He can have the record . He 's the greatest ever , " Chelios said . "  The fact that I 've made it this far as an American , that says enough and I feel pretty good about that . " While he looks at his time with the Thrashers as being his last shot at the NHL , he wo n't close the door on the possibility of another season . "  I think depending on what happens now , realistically , this could be it , " he said . "  Who knows what could happen ? We get on a roll , things start going good , maybe I 'll get that urge to come back again . "	Chris Chelios , 48 , is playing for the NHL 's Atlanta Thrashers His hockey career began before some of his teammates were born The veteran of 26 NHL seasons has won the Stanley Cup three times He says younger players are faster , but he plays smarter
PEOPLE.com  -- Shortly after Hugh Hefner and Crystal Harris ended their engagement in June , the Playboy mogul said Harris let him keep Charlie , their shared Cavalier King Charles spaniel . But now , Hefner , 85 , says he and his former fiancÃ © e , 25 , are still going back and forth about who gets permanent ownership of the pooch . "  We both love the puppy , " Hefner told PEOPLE on Thursday at the Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles . "  I told her if she wants to keep the ring and the Bentley , then maybe I can keep the puppy . I -LSB- hope -RSB- we will work it out . " Hefner , who still insists he "  missed a bullet " by not tying the knot with Harris -- who was linked to Dr. Phil 's son right after the split -- points out , "  The puppy 's valuable , but not $ 100,000 worth . " Although he is still in talks with Harris about their canine companion , Hefner has moved on in his personal life with Anna Sophia Berglund and Shera Bechard , the women he calls his "  two very special ladies . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Hugh Hefner and Crystal Harris are fighting over their shared Cavalier King Charles spaniel "  We both love the puppy , " Hefner said "  The puppy 's valuable , but not $ 100,000 worth , " he said
CNN  -- South Korea midfielder Park Ji-Sung has confirmed his immediate retirement from international football . The Manchester United star won his 100th international cap at the Asian Cup last week , as South Korea lost on penalties to eventual winners Japan in the semifinals . Speaking at a press conference of the Korea Football Association in the country 's capital Seoul on Monday , the 29-year-old said he wanted to give up his place in the team to make way for a new generation of South Korean players . "  I am announcing my retirement to open more doors for younger , junior players who have to grow to replace me eventually , " Park told reporters . Japan 's Asian Cup glory He added that a right knee injury , for which he has undergone two major operations , also played a part in his decision . "  I think without health issues I could have continued my international career . But I will accept the situation as it is and I have no regrets . " Park was not included in the squad who defeated Uzbekistan in Friday 's third-place playoff match in Qatar , but the news that he was to step down as South Korea captain was announced by coach Cho Kwang-Rae after the match . Reacting to Park 's decision , and also that taken by former Tottenham Hotspur defender Lee Young-Pyo to retire from international duty , Cho said : "  They did a remarkable job for Korean football and I want to say I have loved working with them . "  It would be better if I could keep both of them in the national team but they have done an excellent job and I 'm sure the Korean fans would like to congratulate them for all their hard work . " Park , who made his international debut 2000 before going on to play in the 2002 , 2006 and 2010 World Cup 's , said the future of South Korean football was in safe hands and singled out compatriots Koo Ja-Cheol , Ji Dong-Won and Son Heung-Min as players who would have a particularly bright future in the national team . "  Like we have seen during the Asian Cup games , there are many young Korean players who have enormous potential , passion and talent , " Park , who led South Korea to the World Cup semifinals on home soil in 2002 , said . "  My departure will help more young players who have demonstrated their talent and ability during the Asian Cup to prepare for the next World Cup . " The former Kyoto Purple Sanga and PSV Eindhoven player added that his retirement was definite and he would not be tempted back into the fold even if South Korea qualified for the World Cup finals in Brazil in 2014 . "  It 's the players who will make that happen . Thus the opportunities to play should be given to them alone . "  Just like I was given an opportunity for enormous growth during the 2002 World Cup , I think it is necessary to give good opportunities to junior players through generational change . " Park became the first Asian to play in a UEFA Champions League final , when Manchester United lost to Barcelona in 2009 . And he said that despite his international career being over he had no plans as yet to leave the Premier League leaders , who he has been with since 2005 . "  I have n't decided when I 'll quit . I think I can play at least three to four more years , " he added .	South Korea 's Park Ji-Sung retires from international football Manchester United midfielder confirms the news at a press conference on Monday Park won 100th international cap at South Korea 's semifinal Asian Cup loss last week 29-year-old wants to make way for a younger generation of players
CNN  -- It 's New Year 's Eve , and you 're parked in front of your television with a bottle of stale champagne , watching the ball drop ... again . Would n't you rather be cruising the open seas or riding a roller coaster ? We thought so . Start the New Year off right doing something extraordinary . Sure , you might have already exceeded your holiday budget , but plan ahead so next year is n't so predictable . Relaxing cruise Standing around in the freezing cold waiting for the ball to drop is so last year . Book a cruise and start the year feeling warm , cheerful and relaxed . Holland America Line books holiday cruises to the Caribbean , Mexico and Hawaii , among other destinations . Trips can range anywhere from a few days to a few weeks , and you wo n't have to worry about finding a ride home or navigating the crowds in Times Square . If you 're on a Royal Caribbean cruise for the holiday , there is a themed party for adults and separate New Year 's Eve parties for teens and kids . You 'll miss out on fireworks , but the all-you-can-eat appetizers will more than make up for it . Amusement park If you 're going to be cheering or shouting at midnight anyway , you might as well be at the top of a roller coaster . Six Flags Fiesta Texas in San Antonio is open from 2 p.m. to 1 a.m. on New Year 's Eve , with the park transformed into a winter wonderland for the Holiday in the Park event . While surrounded by thousands of colorful holiday lights , patrons can enjoy live entertainment and festive treats , in between riding roller coasters . Six Flags Discovery Kingdom in the San Francisco Bay Area will also be open late on New Year 's Eve , from 4 p.m. to midnight , though rides close at 11:30 p.m. . The celebration will feature family sledding , dance parties , live music and fireworks . And like Fiesta Texas , Discovery Kingdom will also be hosting Holiday in the Park . Peaceful meditation Want a little more "  om " in the New Year ? Meditating your way to 2011 might be the way to do it . To enter January feeling fully renewed , embark on a four-day yoga retreat to Sedona , Arizona . On New Year 's Eve , participants journal about the year 's gains and losses , share intimacies with one another and partake in silent group meditation . For those in New York who have seen the ball drop one too many times , the Chakrasambara Kadampa Meditation Center and the Vishwa Dharma Mandalam will offer guided meditation and devotional mantra chanting , respectively , at the end of 2010 . Winter fun Though known best for its immaculate skiing , Vail , Colorado , has many options for other winter fun on New Year 's Eve . Start the day off skiing at Vail Mountain , which has 31 lifts , three terrain parks and 193 trails . The park is open from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. and has chic lodges for hot drinks and snacks après-ski . Ice skating at Vail Square in Lionshead Village is another way to enjoy winter weather . The space is surrounded by fire pits , boutiques , galleries and cafes . Move over to Golden Peak Village at 6:15 p.m. for the torchlight parade , holiday music and fireworks on the mountains -- a snowy way to ring in the New Year . Swanky gala If you 're set on getting all decked out for the New Year , Washington D.C. 's Gala is the place to be . The event is held at the Wardman Park Marriott Hotel and offers eight different cultural celebrations spanning seven ballrooms . Featured cultures are New York City , Russia , Cuba , Ireland , China , New Orleans , Jamaica and Italy . Tickets range from $ 109 to $ 239 , depending on the package you select . To really go all out , the Imperial Ball at the Hofburg Palace in Vienna is selling tickets for 570 Euros  about $ 750  that include a four-course dinner , a welcome cocktail , red and white wines , champagne and seat reservation . Plus , you 'll be ringing in the New Year with the imperial court .	Try an alternative New Year 's Eve destination to start the year off right Some cruise lines offer holiday cruise packages Attending a gala or ball will give your celebration a glamorous feel A yoga retreat or guided meditation at midnight will keep your mind at peace
Former NFL star Darren Sharper has been charged in another sexual assault case -- this time in Arizona . A grand jury in Tempe indicted Sharper on two counts of sexual assault and three counts of administering dangerous drugs relating to an incident alleged to have happened on November 21 , Tempe police said Wednesday . Detectives served an attorney for Sharper with the indictment on Wednesday morning , police said . Authorities have said Sharper , 38 , is under investigation in four other states -- California , Louisiana , Nevada and Florida -- in cases of alleged sexual assault . So far , he has been charged only in California and Arizona . New Orleans police have issued an arrest warrant for Sharper , who is in custody in Los Angeles and is scheduled to attend an extradition hearing Thursday . Another man accused in the New Orleans case , Erik Nunez , was charged last week with two counts of aggravated rape and released on $ 400,000 bail Monday , CNN affiliate WVUE reported . "  I 'm more than sure that when it 's all said and done , he 'll be vindicated , " his attorney Jeffrey Smith told the station . The application for the arrest warrant states that New Orleans detectives interviewed two women who said they were raped on September 23 . The two accusers told police they were so impaired that they do n't recall "  the entirety of the sexual intercourse , " and that they never agreed to have sex . The document describes how a friend came to the apartment and saw Sharper in his underwear and Nunez exiting Sharper 's bedroom in just his boxer shorts . Police said through further investigation they found other witnesses who told them Sharper and Nunez admitted to sexual acts without the women 's permission or knowledge . In February , Sharper pleaded not guilty in a Los Angeles court to charges of rape by use of drugs , furnishing a controlled substance and possession of a controlled substance , all felonies . Those alleged rapes occurred in October 2013 and last month , authorities said . His attorneys said he maintains any sex was consensual . In addition , a Florida woman last month filed a sexual battery complaint in Miami Beach against Sharper relating to a 2012 incident , a police report said . According to the report , the woman was with two friends at a Miami Beach club in September or October 2012 when she met Sharper . The woman , her friends and another person went to Sharper 's condo , where the woman claims the battery took place . Miami Beach police are investigating the case , Miami Beach Detective Vivian Hernandez said last month . Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season . The five-time Pro Bowl player intercepted 63 passes in his career , tying for seventh all-time ; and he is tied for second all-time in interceptions returned for touchdowns with 11 , according to Pro-Football-Reference . com . He was recently fired as an NFL Network analyst .	Former NFL Pro Bowler Darren Sharper is charged with two rapes in Tempe , Arizona Prosecutors say he used drugs during the alleged incident in November He is also charged with two rapes in California , accused of two others in New Orleans His attorneys have said any sex he had with his accusers was consensual
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- Is it time for underwater search vehicles to start scanning the ocean floor in the hunt for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? Some analysts say it is , because it 's been days since anyone has picked up a possible signal from the missing aircraft 's data recorders . And the batteries powering the locator beacons inside the so-called black boxes are probably dead , a top official from the company that manufactures the beacons told CNN on Sunday . That means searchers may not be able to detect any more pings to help lead them to those pieces of the missing plane . Meanwhile , the search area for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 grew over the weekend . And authorities say no one onboard the plane has been ruled out in connection with its disappearance . Sound familiar ? Do n't worry , it 's not just you . More than five weeks into the search for the missing plane , in some ways , investigators seem to be back at square one , or at the very least , nowhere near solving the mystery . So should investigators stop listening for pings and start using new tools to scan the bottom of the ocean ? That 's the logical next step , analysts told CNN . And some argue that it 's time to take it . "  Every good effort has been expended , but it 's now looking like the batteries are failing , and it 's time to start mowing the lawn , as we say , time to start scanning the sea floor , " said Rob McCollum , a CNN analyst and ocean search specialist . Others said it 's worth the time to keep listening for pings -- just in case . "  Any more information that they can glean over the next couple days could save weeks in the other phase of the search . A little investment now may save a lot of time later , " said Van Gurley , a retired Navy oceanographer . Any data authorities can get to help narrow the search zone could have a major impact , he said . On Sunday , investigators increased the search area . Is that a bad sign ? Not necessarily , said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  What I think they 're doing is giving one last final push , a last-ditch effort if you will , to see if by any chance there is any wreckage to be found , " she said . "  Because even a few pieces would help narrow the search . I think it 's one last big push . Maybe just a Hail Mary pass to try and find anything that they can to help them zero in on where to go on the ocean floor . " The search area has shifted each day as officials look at new data and study the ocean currents . Still , no debris has been found , and promising audio signals heard days ago were far apart . On Monday , 12 aircraft and 15 ships were set to participate in the search for the missing plane in an 18,400-square-mile  47,600-square-kilomter  area . That swath of the Indian Ocean is smaller than the area crews searched on Sunday , but larger than the areas searchers focused on at the end of last week . Searchers are still listening for the sound of underwater pings , Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre said , even though no sounds have been picked up in the past 24 hours . Batteries ` most likely ' dead The plane carrying 239 people vanished from radar screens early March 8 during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . The batteries that power the beacons attached to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 's black boxes are "  most likely " dead or almost depleted , an official with the company that designs and builds the pingers told CNN on Sunday . "  More than likely they are reaching end of life or already have . We 're at Day 37 . ... If  a beacon  is still going , it is very , very quiet at this point , " Jeff Densmore told CNN 's "  State of the Union with Candy Crowley . " Densmore , director of engineering for Dukane Seacom , said his company has been helping search officials interpret the data from recent audio signals in the southern Indian Ocean , where the plane is thought to have been when it reached the end of its fuel supply . The signals were definitely man-made , he said , but there is no way to be 100 % sure they came from the flight data recorder in the tail of the plane or the cockpit voice recorder until wreckage or the so-called black boxes are found on the ocean floor . The batteries that send out the signals were certified to last 30 days , a deadline that 's already passed . "  We are in a transition period at the moment , " retired Lt. Col. Michael Kay of the Royal Air Force told CNN , referring to the fact that searchers will soon have to give up hunting with pinger locators and switch to sonar . "  We know that the  data recorder  batteries last between 30 and 40 days . " Once searchers conclude there is no hope that the batteries could still power the beacons , they will lower the Bluefin-21 , an unmanned underwater vehicle that uses sonar to scour the ocean floor , U.S. Navy Cmdr. William Marks said . Black boxes are vital to determine cause A top Malaysian official on Sunday reaffirmed the importance of finding the black boxes from the Boeing 777 if the mystery of the missing airliner is ultimately to be solved . For instance , it would be difficult for investigators to clear crew or passengers until the two recorders are located , Malaysia 's acting transport minister , Hishammuddin Hussein , said at a news conference in Kuala Lumpur . The inspector general of police has found nothing suspicious about the passenger manifest , Hishammuddin said , but "  he did not say that they all had been cleared on the four issues that the police are still investigating , which is the possible hijacking , issues of terrorism , psychological and personal problems . "  That is an ongoing thing , and I do n't think the IGP would have meant that they have all been cleared , because unless we find more information , specifically on data in the black box , I do n't think any chief of police would be in the position " to declare the cases cleared , he said . Odd paths pings can take underwater Living in limbo Four pings , one dud On April 5 , the towed pinger locator detected two sets of underwater pulses of a frequency close to that used by the locator beacons . Three days later , on Tuesday , it reacquired the signals twice . All four signals were within 17 miles of one another . A fifth ping , detected Thursday by a sonobuoy dropped from an airplane , is "  unlikely to be related to the aircraft black boxes , " Australian chief search coordinator Angus Houston said a day later . How deep is deep ? Imagining the MH370 search underwater The hunt for a Flight 370 ping : How they are doing it CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Kuala Lumpur and Catherine E. Shoichet and Steve Almasy wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , David Molko , Elizabeth Joseph and Sumnima Udas and journalists Ivy Sam and Chan Kok Leong contributed to this report .	NEW : Some analysts say it 's time to send underwater vehicles to look for wreckage NEW : The search area grew on Sunday but narrowed again Monday Malaysian official reaffirms importance of finding black boxes
CNN  -- Passengers on the US Airways flight that crash-landed into the Hudson River Thursday afternoon praised the actions and courage of the pilot , a safety consultant with 40 years of experience in the aviation industry . Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger , a former Air Force fighter pilot , has been with US Airways since 1980 . Sources tell CNN that Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger was piloting US Airways flight 1549 from New York 's LaGuardia airport to Charlotte , North Carolina , when at least one of the plane 's engines failed . Passenger Jeff Kolodjay offered "  kudos " to Sullenberger for a landing that minimized damage to the aircraft and its 155 passengers and crew . "  All of a sudden the captain came on and he told us to brace ourselves and probably brace ourselves pretty hard . But he did an amazing job -- kudos to him on that landing , " said Kolodjay , who was sitting in seat 22A . Sullenberger 's wife told CNN that she was stunned to hear the news from her husband after it was all over . "  I had n't been watching the news . I 've heard Sully say to people , ` It 's rare for an airline pilot to have an incident in their career , ' " said Lori Sullenberger of Danville , California . "  When he called me he said , ` There 's been an accident . ' At first I thought it was something minor , but then he told me the circumstances and my body started shaking and I rushed to get our daughters out of school . " US Airways said all 155 passengers and crew are alive and safely off the plane . The crash-landing has also earned the former fighter pilot and private safety consultant accolades from state and government officials . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg commended the pilot for not leaving the plane without checking to make sure every passenger had been evacuated . "  It would appear that the pilot did a masterful job of landing the plane in the river and then making sure that everybody got out , " Bloomberg said at a press conference Thursday . "  I had a long conversation with the pilot . He walked the plane twice after everybody else was off and tried to verify that there was nobody else on board -- and assures us there was not . " Sullenberger apparently was forced to make an emergency landing after geese were sucked into one or both of the jet 's engines . An eyewitness working on the west side of Manhattan said the belly of the plane touched the water first . An official who heard tape recordings of the radio traffic from Flight 1549 reported the pilot was extraordinarily calm during the event . "  There was no panic , no hysterics , " the official said . "  It was professional , it was calm , it was methodical . It was everything you hoped it could be . " The pilot and air traffic controller discussed options , including landing at Teterboro airport in New Jersey , the official said . Then there was a "  period of time where there was no communications back , and I 'm assuming he was concentrating on more important things . " Sullenberger 's background in aviation appeared to have prepared him for such a situation . He has been a pilot with US Airways since 1980 , following seven years in the U.S. Air Force . His resume -- posted on the Web site for his safety consulting firm , Safety Reliability Methods , Inc. -- lists piloting procedures , technical safety strategies , emergency management and operations improvement , as areas of industry expertise . He served as an instructor and Air Line Pilots Association safety chairman , accident investigator and national technical committee member , according to a biography on the site . He participated in several USAF and National Transportation Safety Board accident investigations , and worked with NASA scientists on a paper on error and aviation , his site says . For the passengers on flight 1549 , Sullenberger 's skill and expertise were apparent . iReport.com : Did you see the crash-landing ? Send images "  I 've flown in a lot of planes and that was a phenomenal landing , " said passenger Fred Berretta said . Berretta was sitting in seat 16A right over one of the engines when it failed and the pilot turned the plane to align it with the Hudson River . He described silence in the plane as the passengers waited to hear from the crew . A few moments later , the direction to brace for landing came . "  It was an amazing piece of airmanship , " said Peter Goelz , a former NTSB managing director .	NEW : Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger has been a pilot with US Airways since 1980 NEW : Former Air Force fighter pilot has worked with NASA as safety consultant NYC mayor says pilot checked plane twice for passengers before leaving "  I 've flown in a lot of planes and that was a phenomenal landing , " passenger said
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The UK government has clashed with the judiciary amid claims that Washington pressured London into not releasing documents that reveal the torture of a terrorism suspect , UK media report . Binyam Mohamed has been held at Guantanamo Bay for more than four years . Ethiopian Binyam Mohamed , 30 , formerly resident in the UK , has been held at Guantanamo Bay since September 2004 . Allegations that he he was involved in a plot to release a "  dirty bomb " in the United States have now been withdrawn . Mohamed and his supporters allege he was tortured in Pakistan , Morocco and Afghanistan between 2002 and 2004 , and that the UK security services were complicit . UK media outlets had appealed against an earlier ruling to withhold documents relating to the alleged torture . Two UK High Court judges said Wednesday , in comments reported by the UK 's Press Association , that the papers would still not be disclosed after UK foreign minister David Miliband warned their publication might affect intelligence sharing between the U.S. and UK . In their ruling , reported by PA , the judges said the documents included information "  relevant to allegations of torture , " but added that they did not contain any sensitive intelligence . Rather , the judges concluded , the material was "  politically embarrassing " and urged the new U.S. administration to take a different approach . The judges also suggested the U.S. government had pressured London about the intelligence-sharing relationship should the documents be released . Miliband told the UK 's Channel 4 News Wednesday that intelligence co-operation between nations relied on confidentiality and that there would have been repercussions if the papers had been released . But he added : "  There has been no threat from the United States to ` break off ' intelligence cooperation . " "  In this case , the United States made clear , in documents that have been published , that there would inevitably be serious and lasting harm if that fundamental principle was breached , " Miliband said . "  It is American information and it is for the Americans to decide when to publish their information . " The UK government has peviously pressed for the release of Mohamed . Last month U.S. President Barack Obama set a one-year deadline for the closure of Guantanamo . Clive Stafford Smith , lawyer for Mohamed , said in a statement on the Web site of human rights group Reprieve that the U.S. and the UK governments were legally obliged to investigate any allegations of torture . "  For the foreign secretary to give in to these illegal demands by the Bush Administration is capitulation to blackmail , pure and simple . It is hardly Britain 's finest hour . As the judges say , it is up to President Obama to put his money where his mouth is . He must repudiate his predecessor 's reprehensible policy . " Earlier this week Miliband met with his U.S. counterpart , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for talks in Washington . Clinton told media after her meeting that the U.S.-UK relationship stood the test of time , adding : "  Our two countries have stood side by side confronting global challenges for a very long time . We share fundamental values and important fundamental objectives . "	Binyam Mohamed has been held at Guantanamo Bay since September 2004 Mohamed 's supporters allege he was tortured in Pakistan , Morocco , Afghanistan UK media loses appeal against release of information relating to case UK judges , in ruling , say U.S. govt . has pressured London to supress documents
CNN  -- Michael Schumacher has apologized by text message to fellow Formula One veteran Rubens Barrichello after their near high-speed crash at the Hungarian Grand Prix . Seven-time world champion Schumacher faced a barrage of criticism after appearing to force Barrichello into the wall at the Hungaroring , as the Brazilian overtook him . The Mercedes man used his personal website to offer an original apology and , now heading into this weekend 's Belgian Grand Prix , has backed it up . Barrichello is set for a landmark 300th career Grand Prix at Spa this weekend and Schumacher told gathered reporters at his official press conference Thursday about his double gesture . "  There were two reasons I sent the text . One of the main reasons is that it is his 300th Grand Prix and we have quite a lot of history together , so I thought it was appropriate to congratulate him , " he said . "  Secondly , to clarify the point because he sort of felt that I wanted to push him against the wall and very clearly this was not my ambition . "  I wanted to race very tightly but without any contact . If he felt that this was the case , then I am sorry for that . " Barrichello earlier confirmed that his old German rival had messaged him . He told AFP , "  I received a message from him today , an SMS . "  Somebody said to him that I was under the impression he had pushed me on to the wall , and he said it was n't the case and he apologized for that . "  I just said , ` thank you , no problem . ' I accepted it , wished him a good weekend , life goes on . " Both men will be looking to improve their position in the title race as the championship resumes after the summer break . Schumacher is in ninth place and Williams driver Barrichello 11th .	Michael Schumacher says sorry by text to fellow F1 veteran Rubens Barrichello Schumacher criticized after appearing to force Brazilian into a wall in Hungary Barrichello is celebrating his 300th Grand Prix appearance in Belgium
CNN  -- When Hugh Jackman first called his director for "  The Wolverine , " James Mangold told him that he had had an inspiration after reading the script . Mangold wanted to make the set-in-Japan film similar to "  The Outlaw Josey Wales " by making the mutant a Josey Wales with healing powers . Jackman had n't seen the classic Clint Eastwood film , so Mangold sent him a copy . "  I felt like tonally , it would give him a clue of what I was talking about , " the director said . The director started thinking about the deep affinity between gun-slinging Westerns and swordfighting samurai films . Mangold thought that drawing upon both of them would help "  The Wolverine " stand apart from the rest of the X-Men series . This installment takes place after "  X-Men : The Last Stand , " as Wolverine retreats from killing the love of his life , Jean Grey/Dark Phoenix , and heads to Japan . It is based on the comic by Chris Claremont and Frank Miller , and Mangold thought of it as Hugh Jackman in a Western in Japan , without the horse . To make sense of this movie mashup , the director tweeted images from the top ten inspirations for "  The Wolverine , " daring fans to identify them . Astute fans of Mangold 's body of work  which includes "  Cop Land , " "  Walk the Line " and "  3:10 to Yuma "  might have spotted the 1959 Yasujiro Ozu film "  Floating Weeds , " since the director has cited it as one of the best films of all time as well as a major influence on his first film , "  Heavy . " "  Ozu is the most underappreciated Japanese director , in my mind , " Mangold said . "  For me , the whole trip that Logan takes south to the Nagasaki area , it 's almost the reverse train trip that the older couple take in ` Tokyo Story . ' " "  But it 's also about that sense of the beauty and simplicity of rural Japanese life , " he added . "  When I started scouting Japan , the world of the Ozu films still exists . You ride south ; you find yourself in a simple fishing village , and it looks unchanged since the postwar period . " Depicting the atomic bomb being dropped on Nagasaki in "  The Wolverine , " and the community 's recovery , was a useful allegory for Jackman 's character : "  Out of all the pain and the catastrophe and loss that he had suffered in his life , he 's in a place that keeps going , " Mangold said . "  They keep living , and they keep loving , despite the atrocities that have happened . " Also on the list of Mangold 's top films of all time is 1947 's Himalayas-set "  Black Narcissus , " about a group of nuns establishing a convent . It was an influence on one of his most acclaimed films , "  Girl , Interrupted . " "  In regards to ` Girl , Interrupted , ' it 's a conscribed universe with these women all trapped in one place , " Mangold said . "  But in ` The Wolverine , ' it 's the tone , which is both realistic and dreamy , the sense of travel to the exotic land and the buried sensuality in this new place . " Mangold planted one shot as a direct homage to "  Black Narcissus " in "  The Wolverine " : when a woman runs out of a building and seems on the verge of throwing herself over a cliff into the sea . "  That 's from the final sequence of ` Black Narcissus , ' " Mangold said , "  from when the nun who goes mad is chasing Deborah Kerr around and they show downward with the cliffs . " On the Western front , Mangold cites two classics : 1953 's "  Shane " and Eastwood 's 1976 film "  The Outlaw Josey Wales . " " ` Shane ' is because of the dark outlaw who is brought into town , comes into a new village and changes everyone 's lives but can never stay , " Mangold said . "  He 's a soldier of fortune , a vagabond . Logan is like that Western hero , a man who can never stop moving . " In "  The Outlaw Josey Wales , " Eastwood 's character loses his wife and children in the very beginning , and it sets him off on a journey built on his rage and loss -- which echoes not just in Logan 's loss of Jean Grey but the perceived loss of his mentor , Dr. Charles Xavier , seemingly destroyed by the Dark Phoenix . "  It 's also the journey , " Mangold said , "  and how the enemy is not clear . It 's kind of a labyrinth . And it 's also about a wounded soldier trying to get home again . In the end of ` Josey Wales , ' it 's not like he 's victorious against any enemy . He just literally finds a new place to live and love again and the courage to do it . " Then , of course , there are the samurai films such as the "  The Samurai Trilogy " : 1954 's "  Samurai I : Musashi Miyamoto , " 1955 's "  Samurai II : Duel at Ichijoji Temple " and 1956 's "  Samurai III : Duel at Ganryu Island . " "  The imagery is incredibly fantastical , " Mangold said . "  It 's not the kind of desolation you 'd find in the Kurosawa films . They 're extremely lyrical and colorful , with beautiful sets , beautiful design , beautiful use of color . " Two films noir are also on Mangold 's list : William Friedkin 's 1971 thriller "  The French Connection " and Roman Polanski 's 1974 neo-noir "  Chinatown . " Mangold said he values all of the films even beyond the inspiration they provided for his latest project . "  All of these movies are huge to me anyway , " he said . "  And they spoke to me as I was working on the script and preparing for this shoot . But they 've been touchstones to me all my life . "	James Mangold 's latest film is "  The Wolverine " The director said he was influenced by a wide array of films Mangold drew from westerns to noir in making "  Wolverine "
