CNN  -- The order was to be followed immediately . The entire school was to be put on lockdown . Students , teachers and even administrators were to stay inside ; no excuses , no exceptions . The year was 1988 . The place ; a small mining town in northern Mexico called Cananea . Inside the classrooms , dozens of puzzled high school students were quietly wondering , if they were in danger . I was one of those students . Cananea , in the state of Sonora , just south of Arizona , was back then a quiet town where one could leave doors unlocked without fear . As class president , I felt it was my obligation and duty to my fellow students to find out what was happening . Leading a group of about a half dozen of my classmates , we ventured out , with the acquiescence of our history teacher . Nobody stopped us . As we approached the school 's front gate , we heard what sounded like a sizable group of people chanting . The gate was padlocked , so we did what rambunctious children would do in that kind of situation : We jumped over the fence . We walked slowly towards the crowd surrounding a man who appeared to be their leader . He was a balding , chubby man in his 50s with white hair and beard . "  Thanks for coming out to welcome me , " he told me as he shook my hand . "  You 're welcome , " I replied , probably with a blank stare . I had no idea who the man was . I later learned that his name was Manuel Clouthier . In that presidential election year , the then-53-year-old businessman was running for the highest office in the country as the opposition candidate with the PAN , the National Action Party . Until then , the PRI  Institutional Revolutionary Party  had ruled Mexico with an iron fist for nearly 60 years and it would remain in power for another 12 . The party , formed in the wake of the bloody Mexican revolution that ended in 1917 , had forged allegiances with unions , business sectors and power brokers so effectively that virtually no one in the country could move a finger without the PRI 's blessing . Indeed , the outgoing president selected his successor through a practice known as "  el dedazo , " roughly meaning "  the finger point . " For all practical purposes , the Mexican media was back then the government 's propaganda arm . Clouthier had to leave my town only a few hours after his arrival . No hotel would allow him to stay there . No restaurant would serve him and his people . No business wanted anything to do with him or any opposition party . Doing so would have meant financial ruin or banishment . Fear in those days was highly contagious . That year in July , Carlos Salinas de Gortari , the PRI 's candidate , won the presidency in one of the most controversial elections in Mexican history . Some Mexican historians still claim that another opposition candidate , Cuauhtemoc Cardenas from the PRD  the Party of the Democratic Revolution  , was the real winner of those elections . Manuel Clouthier died a year later in a car crash in his home state of Sinaloa . I 've been thinking a lot about that time in my life growing up in Mexico , especially as the country is getting ready to inaugurate a new president Saturday . Much has changed since then . Electoral reforms brought about during the 1990s opened up democracy in Mexico . Clouthier 's party , the PAN , finally came to power in 2000 when Vicente Fox won the elections . It was the first time in 71 years that Mexico was going to be governed by a party that was not the PRI . Fox was succeeded by the PAN 's Felipe Calderon , who finished his six-year term Saturday . I was in Mexico this July as a CNN correspondent covering this year 's presidential elections and , as far as I could see , the process was fair and transparent . I went to multiple polling places around Mexico City . Mexicans were voting openly and without fear . The ghosts of the past , including manipulation , coercion , threats and "  pregnant " ballot boxes  those already filled with votes  , seemed missing . And so Enrique Pena Nieto , a charismatic attorney and former governor of Mexico state , the most populous state in the country and adjacent to Mexico City , won the election this year . He only garnered 38 % of the vote , less than the combined total of his three opponents , but that 's the way elections work sometimes . As far as I and an army of international observers and journalists could see , he 's the legitimate winner . His victory is historically significant because for the first time in 12 years the PRI is back in power . Many in Mexico wonder if Pena Nieto is the new face of an old party . Will he try to forge the same alliances of the past ? Will he use unions as coercion arms as the PRI 's political machine did in the past ? The good news is that , as I said before , much has changed in Mexico . There was no social media in 1988 . Today 's media , as irresponsible and sensationalist as it can be sometimes , is not driven by the government 's agenda . Hope , rather than fear , was the driving factor as Mexicans went to the polls this year . The bad news is that much in Mexico has n't changed since 1988 . Corrupt union leaders remain as powerful as they were back then , if not more . Inequality is painfully omnipresent . Abject poverty makes millions of young people vulnerable to organized crime . And national industries that used to be controlled by the federal government , i.e. , the PRI , are now crippling monopolies that inhibit competition and keep prices artificially inflated . Enrique Pena Nieto 's six-year presidency is an opportunity for him and a second chance for his party to take Mexico to the next level . Will Mexico remain the country of untapped potential , being almost there , but never quite joining the First World ? Or will Pena Nieto and his party capitalize on this historic opportunity to break with old habits of the past for the benefit of the country ? Only manana will tell .	Enrique Pena Nieto presidential victory in Mexico is a return to an old , once-corrupt party The PRI says it has changed even though its old tools of corruption remain As Pena Nieto is inaugurated many are asking : Is he a new man or just a new face ? Success may be measured in his ability to tap Mexico 's potential
CNN  -- The two latest fires in a string of church blazes in east Texas have been ruled arson , bringing the total of deliberately-set fires to 10 , authorities said Thursday . Fires destroyed Dover Baptist Church and Clear Spring Missionary Baptist Church on Monday night . The churches are located about three miles apart near Tyler , Texas . There have been a total of 11 church fires so far this year , said Tom Crowley , special agent from the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ' Dallas , Texas , office . One has not been ruled arson . Included in that total is a January church arson in Temple , Texas . Authorities are not sure whether the Temple fire is related to the other nine , which have been concentrated in an area east of Dallas , more than 150 miles from Temple . There is no clear theme linking the fires , which have struck churches of different denominations , including Baptist , Methodist and Church of Christ Scientist , on different days of the week and at different times of the day , Crowley has said . While the churches are located in small towns , not all of them are in remote locations , he told CNN . Authorities believe one person , or perhaps a group of people , are responsible , he said . Crowley told CNN Thursday investigators were still tracking down leads . "  I think maybe I would characterize the mood of our people as perplexed , " Randy Daniels , mayor of Athens , Texas , told CNN on Tuesday . Athens , a town of about 12,000 people , has had three of its church set on fire . He and others spoke of communities on edge . Police patrols have been stepped up near east Texas churches , while in some cases , church members are staying at their churches to protect them or patrolling churches themselves . In Tyler , Texas , the Tyland Baptist Church was among those set ablaze . Pastor David Mahfood told CNN on Wednesday there was nothing left from the January 16 fire -- "  not a Bible , not a hymnal . We 've got some bricks . That 's it . " At another destroyed church , Russell United Methodist Church in Wills Point , Texas , members are trying to salvage what they can from the ashes . A large brass cross that hung over the church 's choir loft was recently found , church member Kay Crosby told CNN . "  It was kind of twisted , but we 're going to have it restored , " she said Wednesday .	Churches destroyed Monday were just three miles apart No clear theme linking fires , which have struck different denominations Patrols , by both police and residents , have been stepped up near east Texas churches
CNN  Andrew Brannan , 66 , who is scheduled to be put to death this week for the murder of a 22-year-old Georgia sheriff 's deputy in 1998 , is hoping his sentence will be found uniquely unconstitutional . His defense attorneys claim Brannan , a decorated veteran who served in Vietnam in the early '70s , was suffering from post-traumatic stress and bipolar disorder at the time of the shooting and was off his medication . In a petition filed Monday with the Butts County Superior County , Brannan 's attorneys are requesting the Brannan 's life be spared because it violates the U.S. Constitution . The appeal states that "  executing American combat veterans whose service-related mental impairments played a role in subsequent violent conduct violates the Eighth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution and analogous provisions of the Georgia Constitution . " The document goes on to say "  death is inappropriate for those with diminished capacities to understand and process information , to communicate , to abstract from mistakes and learn from experience , to engage in logical reasoning , to control impulses , and to understand the reactions of others . " Attorneys Joseph Loveland Jr. and Brian Kammer , who represent Brannan , say that the death penalty is reserved for the "  worst of the worst " offenders who commit murder and that Brannan does not fit that category . They contend his mental problems were directly related to his combat service and defense of the country 's interests and ideals . They are also petitioning the Georgia Parole Board that his sentence be commuted to life in prison . The killing of Laurens County Deputy Kyle Dinkheller was captured on the deputy 's dash camera just outside Dublin , Georgia . Versions of the video have been uploaded to YouTube . Brannan is seen in the video confronting Dinkheller after being pulled over for driving almost 100 miles per hour in his pickup . Brannan appears to be confrontational from the start , acting irrational as the deputy tells him to keep his hands out of his pocket . He then mocks the deputy and at one point seems to dance around yelling "  shoot me " at Dinkheller . Brannan then yells that he is a Vietnam veteran . He lunges at the deputy before he runs back to his truck , grabs a rifle and begins to shoot . The video goes on to show a heated gun battle as both men hide behind their vehicles for cover . Bullets appear to pierce the windshield of the deputy 's car . Brannan 's car door window shatters above his head . Dinkheller and Brannan are shot and wounded in the battle . But Brannan is able to advance on the deputy , and off camera , you hear the deputy scream before Brannan repeatedly shoots Dinkheller and then flees the scene . Dinkheller died , leaving behind a wife and child . Brannan , who had no criminal record before the shooting , was convicted of the murder in 2000 . During the trial , Kammer says the defense did present evidence that Brannan suffered from PTSD but claims that crucial testimony from the VA doctor treating him was never heard . His sentence was appealed , and a judge ordered a new sentencing trial , but that was later overturned by the Georgia Supreme Court . Kyle Dinkheller 's father , Kirk Dinkheller , posted on his Facebook page earlier this month that "  January 12 , 2015 it will be 17 years since my son Kyle was murdered in the line of duty and on January 13 , 2015 his killer will finally be held accountable . Nothing will ever bring my son back , but finally some justice for the one who took him from his children and his family . " Brannan is scheduled to die of lethal injection at 7 p.m. ET Tuesday .	Defense attorneys claim Andrew Brannan was suffering from post-traumatic stress and bipolar disorder Brannan is scheduled to be executed at 7 p.m. ET Tuesday in Georgia He killed Deputy Kyle Dinkheller , 22 , in 1998 ; YouTube videos show the deadly confrontation
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE.COM  -- Walking through the jungle in the dead of night with a group of Rwandan rebels best known for their expertise at rape and murder was n't exactly what we had planned for our first trip to the Democratic Republic of Congo . All we wanted was to make a little film about the controversy surrounding the so-called conflict minerals that make our cell phones work , drop a couple Conrad references , and drink a Primus . Just one Primus . A week earlier , our team landed at N'Djili International Airport in the capital of Kinshasa , formerly Leopoldville . The place looks like it has n't had a scrub since Muhammad Ali dropped by for the Rumble in the Jungle in the early 1970s . After having our yellow-fever cards checked for the first time in our well-traveled lives , we ran a gauntlet of sweaty police officers and other officials -- each with his own laundry list of infractions that we had apparently already committed . In an amazing stroke of luck , they were willing to overlook all these violations for a small fine , payable in person , to them . See the rest of VICE Guide to Congo at VICE.COM We 'd come to Congo to try to find out more about the developed world 's thirst for coltan , cassiterite , and the other colorfully named minerals that make the electronics industry go round . These are part of a group of natural resources that have been dubbed "  conflict minerals " because of the alphabet soup of armed groups  FARDC , CNDP , FDLR , PARECO , etc.  who have found them a very portable and highly profitable way to fund their activities -- which mostly consist of killing people . Since 1996 , these guerrilla insurgencies have led to the deaths of more than 5 million people , and in one 12-month period , the rape of approximately 400,000 women . We knew very little about Congo before we came , but the one thing that had been drilled into our heads was "  do not fly on Congolese airlines . " Conventional wisdom says that between the beat-up Russian planes and their drunken Russian pilots , and the occasional crocodile in the overhead , if you fly a Congolese airline -- you will die . But what else could we do ? Walk ? This is a country the size of Western Europe , with the infrastructure of rural West Virginia . As it turned out , that flight would be the most comfortable experience of the days that followed .	VICE travels to Democratic Republic of Congo to do film on so-called conflict minerals Congo is rich in coltan and other minerals used to make cell phones and other electronics Armed groups use the profitable ore to fund their activities , which has led to millions of deaths
CNN  -- The worst measles outbreak in 20 years continues to grow . Most recently , there was a new case in Ohio , where there are already 377 cases . So far this year , measles has infected 593 people in 21 states . As a physician who treats children with compromised immune systems and as a mother of 2-year-old twins -- too young to be fully vaccinated , I am deeply concerned . A few months ago , a 4-year-old girl came to my clinic with frequent cold symptoms and infections . One way to see if her immune system functioned properly was to check her response to childhood vaccines . But because the girl 's mother had decided against vaccinating her , I could not perform the vaccine blood test . My hands were tied behind my back ; I had no way of knowing if there was a deficiency in her immune system . And if she did have a deficiency , she had no protection from the potentially deadly diseases the vaccines are designed to inoculate . As it turned out , she did n't have a life-threatening infection -- this time . Her parents and I breathed a sigh of relief . We ca n't know for sure that the anti-vaccine movement , led by uninformed celebrities and discredited research , is the reason we are having such a terrible measles outbreak in the United States . But certainly it 's not helping our children . Before measles vaccinations were available , every year in the United States , approximately 500,000 people were infected with measles and 500 died . That number fell to around 60 infections annually after vaccinations were introduced in 1994 . The Vaccines for Children program , implemented in 1994 , helped lead to the eradication of measles by the year 2000 . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that in the last 20 years , vaccinations prevented 322 million illnesses and 732,000 deaths , while saving $ 295 billion . Now , we can add measles to the list of illnesses that are crawling back out of the dustbin of history . Cases of measles have been on the rise since 2010 , and globally , 14 people die from measles every hour . The CDC reports the majority of those who have contracted measles were not vaccinated . Some of the outbreaks have been from unvaccinated U.S. citizens getting measles abroad and bringing it back to those not vaccinated in the United States . The trend of not receiving vaccinations has been fueled by many , including Jenny McCarthy . The son of the former co-host of "  The View " was diagnosed with autism in 2007 . Since then she has been fervently critical of vaccination , claiming vaccines such as those for measles , mumps and rubella cause autism . She founded an organization for the cause , wrote books on the topic and made countless appearances -- all the while arguing , absent any scientific data , that vaccines cause autism . McCarthy 's views have been influential in fanning parents ' fears of vaccinating their children . She backtracked her stance on vaccines in an op-ed she wrote in April 2014 , claiming she is not "  anti-vaccine , " but the damage has been done . Another harmful influence was former British surgeon and researcher Andrew Wakefield . In 1998 , he presented a highly publicized Lancet report connecting autism and vaccines . Later , the study was discredited by many sources . In 2010 , the British General Medical Council declared his paper linking vaccine and autism was not only based on bad science , but also a deliberate fraud . For his unethical behavior he lost his medical license . But his fraudulent work has contributed to a decrease in vaccinations and increase in measles . The only credible association between autism and vaccine is age . When a child is diagnosed with a developmental delay such as autism , parents naturally search for a cause and look to recent events in the child 's life . Since the age of onset of autism is similar to when children receive vaccinations , some parents falsely connect these two unrelated events . Autism , in fact , appears to be rising among unvaccinated children as well . While parents have a right to be skeptical and well-informed when it comes to their children 's health , they must not make medical decisions based on unfounded diatribes from a celebrity or fraudulent medical paper . 5 things you do n't know about measles Measles outbreaks in our own backyard should prompt educated discussion with patient families who are not vaccinated . We have many credible studies demonstrating that the advantages of vaccination outweigh the disadvantages . Vaccines reduce the threat of disease or death by a particular pathogen . Unvaccinated children face challenges when it comes to getting lifesaving care . Every 911 call , doctor appointment , or emergency room visit , you must alert medical personnel of your child 's vaccination status so he receives distinctive treatment . Because unvaccinated children can require treatment that is out of the ordinary , medical staff may be less experienced with the procedures required to appropriately treat your unvaccinated child . As was the case with the 4-year-old patient I saw , doctors are not be able to adequately assess a patient 's health if the patient is not vaccinated . During pregnancy , women who are not vaccinated can be vulnerable to diseases that may complicate their pregnancy . If an unvaccinated pregnant woman contracts rubella , her baby may have congenital rubella syndrome , causing heart defects , developmental delays and deafness . Choosing to not vaccinate your child not only puts your own child at risk , but it also puts others at risk if their child is n't protected . Some people can not be vaccinated because of other medical conditions , such as cancer . These people rely on the general public being vaccinated so their risk of exposure is reduced . According to CDC statistics comparing pre-vaccine era deaths to now , there has been a 99 % decrease in measles . I know I will continue to give my own children vaccinations to protect their life and health . I urge everyone to do the same for the sake of all children .	The U.S. is experiencing the worst measles outbreak in 20 years Jennifer Shih : The anti-vaccine movement can be blamed for scaring parents She says widespread vaccination was responsible for eradicating measles years ago Shih : Choosing to not vaccinate your child is bad for your child and other children
CNN  -- One of the most-anticipated new shows of the fall season , "  Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , " is now also the highest-rated drama debut in almost four years . The ABC program 's Tuesday premiere was watched by 11.9 million viewers , and earned a 4.6 rating in the target adult demographic . That sizable turnout is n't really surprising , given the feverish excitement that has surrounded the show since ABC announced its interest in a "  S.H.I.E.L.D. " pilot last summer . Co-creator Joss Whedon , whose career has veered into blockbuster territory with the 2012 film "  Avengers , " took out time from leading the "  Avengers " sequel , "  Age of Ultron , " to helm "  S.H.I.E.L.D. 's " pilot episode . Those who watch TV for a living have been more or less satisfied , but a few fans walked away from ABC 's 8 p.m. hour disappointed . ` Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. ' : Can ` Avengers ' magic make the jump to TV ? "  Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " is built around Clark Gregg 's Agent Phil Coulson , who was thought to have died in "  The Avengers . " His recovery is one of the storylines that were teased during the pilot , which sees him lead the S.H.I.E.L.D.  Strategic Homeland Intervention , Enforcement and Logistics Division  team . The idea is that S.H.I.E.L.D. is filled with highly skilled and talented agents whose job it is to look into the "  strange and the unknown " happenings , such as the stuff that went down in "  The Avengers ' " climactic Battle of New York . The S.H.I.E.L.D. agents are tasked with "  protecting the ordinary from the extraordinary " in this post - "  Battle of NY " world . It sounds like it could be the setup for yet another Marvel movie , but Whedon and his team , which includes Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen , have scaled down this superhero universe to fit onto the small screen . The result , at least judging from the pilot , is that "  S.H.I.E.L.D. " is , well -- "  okay , " said HitFix 's Alan Sepinwall in a review . "  Quippy in that pleasingly distinctive Joss Whedon way , with a few intriguing ideas about life in a superhero world , but with a cheap look and mostly bland supporting characters . ... All told , it 's a much more promising start to things than the first episode of  Whedon 's  ` Dollhouse . ' " But in the aftermath of " ` Man of Steel , ' Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy , and the interlocking Marvel Universe movies ,  which  are so overwhelmingly immense and glitzy ... a show like this ca n't help but look and feel anemic , " said New York Magazine 's Matt Zoller Seitz . "  But hey , it 's TV . ... The show embraces its relative smallness , building much of the action around knowing banter and the occasional close-quarters fistfight . " USA Today 's Robert Bianco called Tuesday 's pilot a "  very promising start , " adding that "  anyone familiar with Whedon 's TV work will be happy to see some of his best traits on display : the sideways humor that surprises while staying true to plot and character ; the efforts to ground the fantasy in real-world emotion ; the belief that events in past episodes  and movies  must have repercussions in the present . " With "  Whedonesque touches evident throughout , " the show "  looks ready to hew a solid middle path between ` The Avengers ' and ` Buffy , ' " critiques The Atlantic . "  It will never have the scale and budget and cast of the former , and it 's awfully hard to envision it equaling the emotional intimacy of the latter . But if it can weave together the strengths of each -- the breadth and mythology and fan interest of the Marvel Universe on the one hand ; the storytelling and character-development possibilities of serial television on the other -- it could prove to be something truly special . " Some of those 11.9 million viewers might not be as patient to see how "  Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " will grow . CNN.com commenters have been emphatically frustrated , calling the premiere boring and predictable . "  I really like Joss Whedon 's work . I could see ` Firefly ' over and over again and the movie ` Serenity ' is great , " said TampaMel . "  I saw 'S . H.I.E.L.D. ' last night . I HATED IT . Will give it one more chance . If it is as bad next week , I am done . So disappointed . " Commenter Blue meanie thought the premiere "  felt pedestrian and a bit phony . Seen that and done that before ; nothing special or extraordinary , and nothing ` marvelous ' about it . ... Take one part ` Gossip Girl , ' one part ` Alias , ' one part ` Heroes , ' mix it up and that 's what you got . ... The Whedon-loving geeks will love this and swallow it up , but it 's a pass for me . " Maybe "  meanie " is on to something . Commenter KWDragon encouraged other viewers to "  hate all you want , but I really liked it . I thought it had some good Whedon-esque hallmarks , while keeping in line with the Marvel mythology . Maybe all the ` cool kids ' are gon na publicly diss this because it 's the thing to do , but I thought it was great . I will gladly fan squee over this show . "	ABC premiered anticipated series "  Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " on Tuesday The show was watched by 11.9 million and earned a 4.6 rating in the adult demo Critics have been measured and optimistic about the Joss Whedon program Fans have been more divided
CANNES , France  CNN  -- Editor 's note : Watch The Screening Room Cannes special on CNN at the following dates and times : Wednesday 27 May : 0730 , 1730 , Saturday 30 May : 0730 , 1800 , Sunday 31 May : 0430 , 1730 , Monday 31 May : 0300  All times GMT In the most high-profile amalgamation of Indian and western talent yet , Academy Award-winning actor Ben Kingsley stars with Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan in a drama about a pair of maths geniuses . Ben Kingsely who stars in "  Teen Patti " is the first Academy Award-winner ever to take a role in a Bollywood movie . Bollywood-produced "  Teen Patti "  "  Card Game "  also marks Kingsley 's first return to Indian filmmaking since playing the title role in "  Gandhi , " the critically-acclaimed biopic of the Indian leader that propelled him to fame in 1982 . He is the first Oscar-winning Hollywood actor ever to star in a Bollywood movie , and Kingsley believes that the future of filmmaking could lie in combining the twin talents of the world 's biggest film industries . "  I think the two talents put together could be extraordinary , " Kingsley told CNN in Cannes where he was promoting "  Teen Patti . " The 65 year-old English actor maintains that western cinema is suffering from a lack of originality and "  heart , " with many films just ending up as a "  copy of a copy of a copy . " He thinks that the Indian approach to filmmaking can give western productions the infusion of originality they need -- and that filmmakers in India can benefit from "  the technology , and the casting opportunities , the directorial opportunities of the west . " "  Teen Patti " is set in India and the UK , where Kingsley shot all of his scenes , and uses English and Hindi dialogue . The drama , which cost a mere $ 7 million to make , will have its world premiere in Mumbai in August . Watch CNN The Screening Room producer Neil Curry search for Ben Kingsely in Cannes " It tells the story of a university professor , played by Bachchan , who schools five of his most able students in the finer points of high-stakes gambling . The film 's plot is reported to be similar to "  21 , " the 2008 Kevin Spacey drama , based on the story of the MIT Blackjack Team . Indian production company Serendipity Films , which was launched in 2003 by Ambika Hinduja , a member of one of India 's richest families , is behind the picture . One of the company 's central projects is cultural-fusion projects , like this one . The company is aiming to enter the big league by investing $ 50 million over the next three years in projects which bring together Indian and western talent . Do you think that Bollywood can make movies for a western audience ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box Kingsley says he has wanted to be associated with mainstream Indian film ever since he made "  Gandhi " -- an Indo-British production and so not "  entirely an Indian film " -- with director Richard Attenborough in India . The actor who is acclaimed for performances in "  Sexy Beast "  2000  and "  Schindler 's List "  1993  says he wanted to know what it would be like to work with an Indian director -- Leena Yadav , "  who was amazing " -- and a huge Indian star like Bachchan . "  I was very curious about him and he was very curious about me , " says Kingsley of working with 66 year-old Bachchan , or "  Big B " as India 's most prominent Bollywood star is affectionately known to audiences . Bachchan 's deep voice and brooding persona changed the face of Hindi cinema in the 1970s . Up until then Bollywood screens had been populated by wisecracking loverboys -- the trademark Indian hero in the 1960s . Today , he is best-known for hosting the Indian version of "  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire "  "  Kaun Banega Crorepati "  . Kingsley says that while on set , he and Bachchan "  circled each other like hunters . " Despite his respect for the Godfather of Bollywood , Kingsley refused to socialize with the star : "  Because my character in this film is discovering Bachchan 's character and if it 's all frittered away in social ` bla-bla ' there 's nothing left to discover . " Kingsley 's Indian connection goes back even further than "  Gandhi . " The British actor was born Krishna Bhanji to an English mother an Indian father and adopted his British name while at drama school . Apart from his Bollywood work Kingsley has just finished filming a Martin Scorsese directed period drama , "  Shutter Island , " which is expected to hit cinemas later this year . He is also busy producing his own films as part of SBK Pictures , the production company he founded in 2007 , as he says , "  putting into practice all the things that one has learnt along the way . " The company currently has five films in development , one of which is a drama about native Indians called "  Whispers Like Thunder . " For Kingsley , producing is a chance to have some control over the filmmaking process that is n't possible as an actor . "  It 's tragic when -LSB- a film -RSB- just misses , " he told CNN . "  If you 'd made a slight adjustment in your casting , or your writing , or your director of photography or the rhythm of editing , it could have been absolutely perfect . " Other Hollywood stars mixing with Bollywood include Sylvester Stallone , who will appear in Sabir Khan 's romantic comedy , "  Kambakkht Ishq " and Mickey Rourke is set to star in Vidhu Vinod Chopra 's Hollywood debut , "  Broken Horses . "	Oscar-winner Ben Kingsley stars with Bollywood legend Amitabh Bachchan "  Teen Patti " is Kingsley 's first return to Indian filmmaking after "  Gandhi in 1982 It is the first time an Oscar-winner has starred in Bollywood film Most high-profile amalgamation of western and Indian movie-making talent yet
CNN  -- Netflix and Amazon are adding titles to their streaming options in August . From classics to new episodes of beloved series , it 's all here for your viewing pleasure with this month 's schedule of releases : Here ' s what to look for on Netflix : August 1 : "  Air Bud "  1997 "  Air Bud : Golden Receiver "  1998 "  D2 : The Mighty Ducks "  1994 "  Ella Enchanted "  2004 "  Evita "  1996 "  Face/Off "  1997 "  Freaky Friday "  2003 "  Goodbye World "  2013 "  Harlock : Space Pirate "  2013 "  Kinky Boots "  2005 "  Mad Max "  1979 "  Mean Creek "  2004 "  Prefontaine "  1997 "  Red Dawn "  1984 "  Rocky , " "  Rocky II , " "  Rocky III , " "  Rocky IV , " "  Rocky V "  1976-90 "  Rounders "  1998 "  Sabrina "  1995 "  Saints and Soldiers "  2003 "  Shooter "  2007 "  Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow "  2004 "  Spark : A Burning Man Story "  2013 "  Spice World "  1998 "  Switchfoot : Fading West "  2012 "  The Birdcage "  1996 "  The Cable Guy "  1996 "  The Gabby Douglas Story "  2014 "  The Killing : Season 4 "  2014 "  The Mighty Ducks "  1992 "  Turner and Hooch "  1989 "  Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea "  1961 August 6 : "  Justin Bieber 's Believe "  2014 August 7 : "  Cosmos : A Space-Time Odyssey "  2014 "  Nymphomaniac : Volume I "  2013 "  Nymphomaniac : Volume II "  2013 "  Stage Fright "  2014 August 9 : "  Kill Zombie "  2011 August 12 : "  Dancing in Jaffa "  2013 "  Haven : Season 4 "  2013 "  Low Winter Sun : Season 1 "  2013 August 13 : "  The Nut Job "  2014 August 14 : "  Bad Ass 2 : Bad Asses "  2014 August 15 : "  Great Expectations "  2012 "  Mission Blue "  2014 August 16 : "  Dead Silence "  2007 August 18 : "  Thanks for Sharing "  2012 August 19 : "  From Dusk Till Dawn : Season 1 "  2014 August 20 : "  Dhoom : 3 "  2013 August 22 : "  BoJack Horseman : Season 1 "  2014 August 25 : "  Parenthood : Season 5 "  2013 August 26 : "  Barbershop 2 : Back in Business "  2004 "  The Motel Life "  2012 August 29 : "  Once Upon a Time : Season 3 "  2013 "  Revenge : Season 4 "  2014 And here 's what to look for on Amazon Prime : August 1 : "  Confessions of a Dangerous Mind "  2002 "  Night Watch "  2004 "  Day Watch "  2006 "  Beowulf "  2007 "  The Dogs of War "  1980 "  King Solomon 's Mines "  1985 "  Mad Max "  1979 "  Enemy "  2013 "  House of Games "  1987 "  Red Dawn "  1984 "  Layer Cake "  2004 "  Brannigan "  1975 "  Rocky "  1976 "  Rocky II "  1979 "  Rocky III "  1982 "  Rocky IV "  1985 "  Rocky V "  1990 "  The Cider House Rules "  1999 "  Newton Boys "  1998 "  Rounders "  1998 "  The Greatest Story Ever Told "  1965 "  Waking Ned Devine "  1998 "  The Birdcage "  1996 "  Sabrina "  1995 "  Trees Lounge "  1996 "  The Prince & Me 2 "  2007 "  Ella Enchanted "  2004 "  Orca : The Killer Whale "  1977 "  American Experience : The Poisoner 's Handbook "  2014 "  Hawking "  2014 "  Spies of Mississippi "  2014 "  The Amish : Shunned "  2014 "  The State of Arizona "  2013 August 5 : "  Fireman Sam Season 3 "  1990 August 11 : "  You 're Next "  2011 "  The Great Debaters "  2007 "  Thanks for Sharing "  2012 August 29 : "  Tumble Leaf "  2014	Netflix and Amazon Prime have new programs streaming in August There feature everything from classics to original programming "  The Killing " gets its final season on Netflix
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Doctors completed an autopsy of Moammar Gadhafi on Sunday , with the chief pathologist confirming the former Libyan leader died of a gunshot wound to the head . Dr. Othman el-Zentani would not disclose whether findings revealed if Gadhafi suffered the wound in crossfire or at close-range -- a key question that has prompted the United Nations and international human rights groups to call for an investigation into the final moments of the late Libyan strongman 's life . Doctors performed the autopsy at a Misrata hospital in the presence of officials from the prosecutor 's office , Zentani said . Autopsies were also conducted on the bodies of Gadhafi 's son , Mutassim , and his former defense minister , Abu Baker Yunis . No foreign or independent officials were present , Zentani said . The autopsy report will go to the attorney general 's office before it is released to the public , he said . Meanwhile , the three bodies would likely return to a cold storage unit at a Misrata meat market for public viewing , Zentani said . Long lines of people turned up all weekend long to view the corpses . Gadhafi 's family issued a statement Friday calling on the United Nations and Amnesty International to push Libya 's new leadership "  to hand over the bodies of the martyrs of their tribe so they can be buried according to Islamic rites , " a pro-Gadhafi TV station reported . Gadhafi 's death Thursday solidified the power of the National Transitional Council , which marked the country 's liberation on Sunday in the eastern city of Benghazi , where the uprising started . But uncertainty was still swirling Sunday about the death of the Libyan leader , who Libyan and world powers wanted to capture and prosecute for war crimes . Leaders of Libya 's interim government have said Gadhafi was killed in crossfire after fighters captured him Thursday . But others have questioned that account . Peter Bouckaert , Human Rights Watch 's emergencies director , told CNN that fighting had ended when Gadhafi was cornered in a drainage ditch . He said crowds beat Gadhafi in what was a "  humiliating end " for the former dictator . "  When he left the area , he was very much alive , " Bouckaert said . "  There 's no reason why he should have been subjected to this kind of mob justice . " An amateur video distributed by the Reuters news agency Sunday showed NTC fighters congratulating a man the fighters say killed Gadhafi . CNN could not independently verify that claim . The video , purportedly recorded near an ambulance carrying Gadhafi 's body , shows a jubilant group of fighters pouring water on a man 's head . "  He is the one who killed him , " one man says , pointing . "  He killed him in front of me , I swear to God , " another man chimes in . A lawyer for Gadhafi 's son Saadi , who fled in September to Niger , issued a statement Sunday saying , "  Saadi Gadhafi is shocked and outraged by the vicious brutality which accompanied the murders of his father and brother . " "  The contradictory statements issued by the NTC excusing these barbaric executions and the grotesque abuse of the corpses make it clear that no person affiliated with the former regime will receive a fair trial in Libya nor will they receive justice for crimes committed against them , " the statement said . Mahmoud Jibril , chairman of the NTC 's executive board , has said Gadhafi 's right arm was wounded when a gunbattle erupted between the fighters and Gadhafi loyalists as his captors attempted to load him into a vehicle . More shooting erupted as the vehicle drove away , and Gadhafi was shot in the head , dying moments before arriving at a hospital in Misrata , Jibril said , citing the city 's coroner . The United Nations human rights office and activist groups like Amnesty and Human Rights Watch have called for a probe into Gadhafi 's death . The United States supports those investigation requests , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday . "  As Libyans move into the future once again , they need to do so with a sense of unity and reconciliation . They need to hold each other accountable . Those who do not have blood on their hands must be made to feel safe and included , regardless of whether or not they supported Gadhafi in the past , " she said . "  So we believe in the rule of law , and accountability , and such an investigation would contribute to that . " U.N. human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told reporters in Geneva on Friday that there were "  at least two cell-phone videos , one showing  Gadhafi  alive and one showing him dead . " "  Taken together , these videos are very disturbing , " he said . "  We believe there is a need for an investigation and more details are needed to ascertain whether he was killed in the fighting or after his capture .	NEW : Gadhafi 's son Saadi is "  outraged " over circumstances surrounding his death Gadhafi was killed Thursday but questions remain how he died Doctors have not revealed additional details about their autopsy Clinton says the United States supports calls for an investigation into Gadhafi 's killing
CNN  Deciding to move on after his beloved German shepherd was stolen from his backyard 18 months ago was n't easy for Richard Brower . "  I never gave up hope , " Brower said , "  I 'd just come to the realization that I could n't go on without another dog . " He 'd enlisted the help of his motorcycle-riding buddies and nearly everyone from the dog park in the search . Anyone seen walking a German shepherd had been , at one time , accosted by him or his friends . His searches were fruitless . "  It was heartbreaking , " Brower said . "  Absolutely horrible . " His heart-wrenching decision to search for a new dog -- made after a year-and-a-half of endless searching for Dozer -- turned out to be the best decision he could 've made , as it led him back to his best friend in a miraculous way . "  It 's the closest thing to a miracle in my life , " he said . Brower typed "  German shepherds for sale " into an Internet browser , which led him first to Claresholm Animal Rescue Society . He clicked the link and shivers went down his spine . "  My heart stopped , " Brower said , "  the second I opened the page . " Staring back at him on the rescue 's website was his dog , Dozer , the pup 's head cocked to the side , just as he remembered . Brower said he never doubted that it was his dog , but he sent the picture to his mom and sister for their opinion . His sister agreed it was Dozer , but his mom was doubtful . Brower said she was likely trying to save her son from unnecessary heartbreak , in case it was n't him . Brower called the shelter and reached Sylvia Giroux at Claresholm , Alberta . While on the phone , Brower 's dad , returning home from a business trip , stopped at the shelter , unbeknownst to his son . Brower said Dozer immediately started wagging his tail when his father came into the room . Still on the phone , Brower instructed his dad to snap his fingers once and then tell him what the dog did . He snapped and Dozer , a super well-trained dog who knows how to open and close doors and turn on lights , circled Brower 's dad and sat on his right hand side , waiting for his next command . "  There was no boo-hooing , but it was close , " Giroux said , "  It was just such a wonderful thing . " Giroux might 've kept it together , but Brower said everyone else was a different story . "  My dad was bawling , I was bawling on the phone , " he said . And when Dozer got home -- there was more crying -- from Dozer . "  He almost knocked me over , " Brower said . "  He came flying in , put his head into my arm and started doing that wailing that German shepherds do . " Other than his having lived at the shelter for a month after he was picked up by a resident nearby , Brower does n't know much about Dozer 's whereabouts during the 18 months he was missing . He 's just thrilled to have his pup , who he calls a "  big sweet baby , " back at home , back to normal . Normal , except for at the dog park , where families used to steer clear of the 125-pound pooch . "  Now that he 's a celebrity , everyone wants to hug him , " Brower said . Dog rides bus to dog park	Richard Brower 's dog was stolen from his backyard 18 months ago His dog , Dozer , popped up on an animal shelter website Dozer is now a celebrity at the dog park
CNN  -- Verizon has been touted as having the biggest , baddest , fastest 4G around . It 's been this way since the carrier debuted its LTE network in late 2010 . But now that AT&T has joined the LTE game , consumers looking for top speeds might consider turning their focus to AT&T instead . If only for a while . Metrico Wireless , a firm that does network and mobile device analytics , took a look at 4G LTE service in the U.S. , focusing on two of the nation 's largest carriers , Verizon and AT&T . The company 's latest report shows that AT&T 's average LTE speeds are better than Verizon 's  for now at least  , and that LTE provides more than five times the performance of the carriers ' respective 3G offerings . Metrico used five 4G LTE handsets for its tests : two on AT&T , three on Verizon . On AT&T , the HTC Vivid and Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket were measured . The HTC Thunderbolt , Samsung Droid Charge and Motorola Droid Bionic were tested on Verizon 's network . In stationary download speeds , AT&T 's 4G LTE handsets outperformed those on Verizon , but Metrico believes this disparity is likely due to the fact that Verizon 's LTE service is more established and has significantly more subscribers using data on it . Indeed , as of April , Verizon had over half a million LTE subscribers . AT&T , meanwhile , just launched its LTE network in five markets this summer . But while AT&T 's data speeds were better , web pages actually loaded faster on the three Verizon smartphones tested . "  In general , the subscriber experience is not simply driven by the network or the device , but by the combination of the two , " the report states . "  Even devices with similar specifications connected to similar network technologies still demonstrate variation in performance . " This was especially true with regards to video performance . Of the smartphones tested , the Samsung Droid Charge  on Verizon  consistently yielded the highest frame delivery rate , while the Motorola Droid Bionic  also on Verizon  had the lowest . Also , if you 're really concerned about web page load times , consider this : All carrier-to-carrier comparisons notwithstanding , both AT&T and Verizon handsets delivered web page load times that were 80 to 85 percent shorter on LTE relative to 3G . What about battery life on an LTE device , notoriously reported as being poor ? Well , depending on how you use your device , you may be able to squeeze out a few more hours , as the report found that battery life was heavily related to app use . On the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket , you 're going to get 300 to 350 minutes of use out of your device , whether you 're a power user or someone who 's making calls all day long . On the Verizon Droid Bionic , though , those who primarily use their phones for voice calling will gain about 150 minutes of usage over those who spend most of their time on Twitter and Facebook . Verizon 's LTE network is currently the largest in terms of nationwide coverage , but AT&T 's is set to rival it as it expands . And , indeed , we 're finally beginning to see LTE infrastructure build-outs , industry-wide . Joining Metro PCS , Verizon and AT&T in the LTE game is Cricket Wireless , perhaps best known for its budget mobile phone and prepaid plan options . Cricket will offer speeds up to 6 Mbps with a 5 GB data cap . Sprint will begin rolling out its 4G LTE network in mid to late 2012 . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Verizon 's LTE network is currently the largest in terms of nationwide coverage AT&T is set to rival Verizon as it expands its LTE network Report shows that AT&T 's average LTE speeds are better than Verizon 's -- at least for now Sprint will begin rolling out its 4G LTE network in mid to late 2012
CNN  -- A judge in Aruba Friday rejected a prosecution request to hold U.S. citizen Gary Giordano for 30 additional days in connection with the disappearance of his traveling companion , Robyn Gardner , his attorney told CNN Friday . The decision means Giordano , who has been in Aruban custody since August 5 , will be freed at 8 p.m. Tuesday , his U.S.-based attorney Jose Baez , said in a written statement . "  We are grateful the Arubian government has seen that no crime was committed , " Baez added . "  Gary ... is excited to return home to his family in the United States . " Prosecutors immediately filed an appeal seeking to reverse the ruling and prevent Giordano from leaving jail , said Taco Stein , Aruba 's solicitor general . A three-judge appeals panel will consider the matter . Giordano "  could n't believe " the decision because he had lost faith and confidence in the Aruban criminal justice system , said his Aruban defense lawyer , Chris Lejuez . "  When I asked him what he really thinks about his release , he started to cry and asked me to excuse him for a few minutes , " the attorney said . The judge 's ruling does not require Giordano to remain in Aruba ; Lejuez said he believes Giordano will leave as soon as he is freed . The request to hold him was denied based on what the judge called a lack of progress in the investigation into the August 2 disappearance of Gardner , Stein said . Giordano made a passionate argument for his release , Lejuez said . The prosecution 's appeal of Friday 's order could be heard anytime between Friday and Tuesday , including the possibility of a weekend hearing , Stein said . Giordano , 50 , denies being responsible for the woman 's disappearance , insisting that he 'd been snorkeling with Gardner when he signaled her to swim back , according to statements from the prosecutor 's office . When he reached the Aruban beach , Gardner was nowhere to be found , he reportedly said . According to a transcript of a police interview , obtained by CNN , Giordano told police he feared for his life when he 'd tried to tell Gardner to turn back and did n't look for her as he swam for shore . "  I only looked back when I hit a rock , " the document quotes Giordano as telling investigators . "  Before that , I did not look back . I was only busy saving my life . " The Gaithersburg , Maryland , resident has acknowledged taking out a $ 1.5 million life insurance policy on Gardner days before they traveled to Aruba , investigators have said . The woman 's body has not been found . Giordano 's detention has been repeatedly extended at the request of authorities , who have said they need additional time to investigate the case .	NEW : Giordano 's U.S. lawyer says he 'll be released Tuesday night and return to the U.S. An Aruban judge rejects a request to extend the American 's detention for 30 more days Prosecutors have appealed the ruling Giordano says he is innocent in Robyn Gardner 's disappearance
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man who testified earlier that he shipped large amounts of the surgical anesthetic propofol to Dr. Conrad Murray in the weeks before Michael Jackson 's death apparently moved out of the United States and can not be located for this month 's trial , prosecutors told the judge Thursday . The coroner ruled that Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , as the result of an overdose of propofol combined with other drugs . The judge scheduled two additional hearings for next week to decide if the prosecution can use the missing witness ' previous testimony and to get a head start on the last phase of jury selection in the involuntary manslaughter trial of the pop star 's doctor . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor said the hearings will help keep Murray 's trial on track for face-to-face questioning of potential jurors September 23 . Prosecutors want to use the previous testimony of Tim Lopez , given at Murray 's preliminary hearing last January , because they 've been unable to contact him since he moved to Thailand . Pastor said prosecutors must show Monday that they have done everything possible to reach Lopez . Lopez , the owner of a wholesale pharmacy in Las Vegas , testified that he shipped a total of 15 liters of propofol to Murray in the three months before Jackson 's death . A hearing Monday morning will also consider the prosecution 's request to exclude the testimony of Jackson 's makeup artist . The defense wants Karen Faye to repeat statements given in interviews about what she described as Jackson 's ill health in the weeks before his death , as he was rehearsing for his comeback concerts . The prosecution told the judge in a hearing Thursday that much of what Faye has said in the past is based on what she heard others say , not her own recollections . The judge will also consider if the defense can call a Texas medical examiner to testify about his inspection of the Los Angeles County coroner 's facilities and practices . Los Angeles Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said Thursday that the man 's testimony is not relevant to the Murray case . The judge again raised questions about the prosecution 's plan to present testing done on university students in Chile who voluntarily swallowed propofol , the drug the coroner said was partly responsible for Jackson 's death . They must overcome defense objections that the study was never published or reviewed by other scientists . The prosecution wants to argue that the experiments disprove the defense theory that Jackson died after he drank the drug , not from an injection given by Dr. Murray . Pastor also scheduled a hearing for next Wednesday afternoon to begin the process of deciding which potential jurors should be dismissed "  for cause . " Both sides will be able to challenge jurors based on their answers given to 113 questions posed to them in writing last week . Defense lawyer Nareg Gourjian said he received the defense copy of the 30-page questionnaire responses only Wednesday . Lawyers for both sides have only until next week to study the 145 jurors ' answers to determine if the potential jurors can put aside biases and what they 've heard about the singer 's death to reach a fair verdict . Lawyers will question them about their answers when they return to court September 23 . The attorneys are seeking 18 Los Angeles County residents qualified to sit in judgment of Murray . Prosecutors contend Murray , who served as Jackson 's personal and full-time physician at the time , used a makeshift IV drip to administer propofol intended to help Jackson sleep , a practice they argue violated standards of care and led to the pop icon 's death . If convicted on the involuntary manslaughter charge , Murray could face up to four years in prison . Opening statements for the trial , which will be televised , are scheduled for September 27 . The judge told the jury pool he expects their service will be over on or about October 28 .	The man who says he shipped propofol to Dr. Murray left the country , prosecutors say Prosecutors want to limit testimony by Jackson 's makeup artist Prosecutors are studying the questionnaires of 145 potential jurors The final phase of jury selection starts next week
Washington  CNN  -- The Army 's inspector general has completed an initial review into the circumstances surrounding comments by former Gen. Stanley McChrystal and his staff that appeared in Rolling Stone magazine , Army spokesman Col. Tom Collins told CNN . The interview resulted in President Barack Obama firing the general , who was in charge of military operations in Afghanistan . The Army 's portion of the investigation is complete , Collins said , and the results have been forwarded to the inspector general for the Defense Department . Although Collins would not comment , typically when a report is sent for a higher-level review by the Defense Department it is an indication that people from other services or civilians may be cited for wrongdoing . Usually , inspector general reports that conclude there has been wrongdoing turn that information over to whichever part of the military has jurisdiction over the individuals involved . Collins emphasized that "  there is no indication of any pending actions against Gen. McChrystal . "	Report is sent to the Defense Department 's inspector general Sending the report to a higher level could indicate others will be cited McChrystal lost his job after he and staff members made comments to Rolling Stone
CNN  Ah , um , that referee at the college football national championship sure looked familiar -- but no , it was n't Bob Newhart . During the Ohio State-Oregon matchup -- officially known as the College Football Playoff National Championship Presented by AT&T -- Twitter started buzzing over head referee Greg Burks , who looks suspiciously like comedy 's favorite stammering phone caller , Chicago psychologist and Vermont innkeeper . The attention got back to Newhart himself , who chimed in to set the record straight -- sort of . Newhart was n't the only lookalike at the game . Michael Strahan noticed that Oregon defensive coordinator Don Pellum looked like Coolio . Newhart and Coolio ? Something like that would be , uh , paradise . Incidentally , Ohio State won , 42-20 .	Referee at college football championship looked like Bob Newhart Newhart himself tweets that he needed something to do with his time
CNN  Airport authorities are clearly doing something right in Singapore . For the third year in a row , Singapore Changi Airport has earned the World 's Best Airport title at the annual SkyTrax World Airport Awards , which were announced Wednesday in Paris . "  It is a great honor to be named World 's Best Airport by SkyTrax for the third year running , " airport CEO Lee Seow Hiang told SkyTrax . "  This recognition is particularly pleasing for us as it comes at a time of transformation at Changi Airport . " The airport handles 5,000 arrivals and departures a week by 80 international airlines . This month , Changi awarded a $ 234 million construction contract for the expansion of Terminal 1 . The World Airport Awards , also known as the Passenger 's Choice Awards , were launched by air transport advisory group SkyTrax in 1999 . The 2015 awards are based on more than 13 million surveys completed by 112 nationalities of airline customers between May and January . Incheon International Airport near Seoul is the No. 2 airport in the world , also for the third year running . Germany 's No. 3-ranked Munich Airport retained its 2014 rank , as did No. 4 Hong Kong International . This year 's No. 5-ranked airport , Tokyo International  Haneda  , climbed one rung from No. 6 in 2014 . The world 's top 10 airports , according to SkyTrax : 1 . Singapore Changi Airport 2 . Incheon International Airport 3 . Munich Airport 4 . Hong Kong International Airport 5 . Tokyo International Airport  Haneda 6 . Zurich Airport 7 . Central Japan International Airport 8 . London Heathrow Airport 9 . Amsterdam Schiphol Airport 10 . Beijing Capital International Airport North America did n't have an airport in the top 10 this year . Vancouver International Airport , the No. 1 airport in North America for a record sixth consecutive year , fell in the global rankings from No. 9 in 2014 to No. 11 this year .	Singapore Changi Airport is world 's No. 1 airport for the third year in a row The SkyTrax awards are based on millions of passenger surveys
London  CNN  -- It is a guilty pleasure of anyone supposed to be working , and a time-waster that has kept millions of us up far too late at night . Viral videos -- from pop videos to advertising , parodies to accidental hits -- have been entertaining , and occasionally informing , us like never before in 2012 . Here is CNN 's selection of some of the top viral videos this year . Most watched viral video of all time : Psy : ` Gangnam Style ' YouTube views at time of writing : 826 million Published : July What 's the big deal : 2012 has undoubtedly been the year of "  Gangnam Style . " This video by South Korean rapper Psy became the most-watched YouTube video of all time in November when it surpassed teenage pop star Justin Bieber 's 804 million views for "  Baby . " More : Rapper living ` Gangnam Style ' goes viral The rap is named after the pricey Seoul district of Gangnam and features 34-year-old PSY dressed in tuxedo and sunglasses dancing his much-copied galloping-style "  horse dance . " Best Gangnam parody : Mitt Romney Style YouTube views at time of writing : 23.8 million Published : October What 's the big deal : "  Gangnam Style " has been copied and parodied so many times that we felt the tributes were worth a category in their own right . The parodies range from a "  The Lord of the Rings " - themed "  Gandalf Style " to "  London Style " to "  Kim Jong Style " parodying North Korea 's leader . Our favorite is "  Mitt Romney Style , " by New York-based CollegeHumor.com , making fun of the Republican governor and failed presidential candidate 's wealth and swagger . Best advertisement : A Dramatic Surprise on a Quiet Square YouTube views at time of writing : 38.8 million Published : April What 's the big deal : In this advertisement for the launch of the television channel TNT in Belgium , the company placed a big red button in the main square of a small Belgian town with a sign saying "  Push to add drama . " The ensuing chain of events -- and the crowds ' reaction -- when a passing cyclist presses the button , makes compelling viewing . CNN and TNT are both Time Warner companies . Most-watched documentary : KONY 2012 YouTube views at time of writing : 94 million Published : March What 's the big deal : Rarely has a campaign video gained such a reaction . This video by the San Diego-based campaign group Invisible Children about the African warlord Joseph Kony gained 74 million views within a week of its release in March . More : Violent warlord video goes viral Kony has operated in central Africa for two decades and is wanted for crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . However the controversial video was dismissed by some critics as inaccurate , oversimplified and distracting from more effective charity work , and others questioned the group 's motives and transparency . Best marriage proposal : Isaac 's Live Lip-Dub Proposal YouTube views at time of writing : 16.3 million views Published : May What 's the big deal : This makes a change from the schmaltz you might expect from a public marriage proposal , as actor Isaac Lamb organized this intricately choreographed live performance with 60 friends miming to the Bruno Mars song "  Marry You . " As Lamb wrote in the YouTube blurb : "  I told my girlfriend to meet me at my parent 's house for dinner . "  When she arrived I had stationed my brother to sit her in the back of an open Honda CRV and give her some headphones . He ` wanted to play her a song ' ... What she got instead was the world 's first Live Lip-Dub Proposal . " Best mis-hap : Catch the Ice Dude YouTube views at time of writing : 21.3 million Published : September What 's the big deal : This German man jumps dramatically into a frozen pool , not realizing quite how frozen solid it is . The result : Ouch ! More : Why Cannonball , frozen pool do n't mix The hysterical laughter from his friends and 21.3 YouTube viewings are Schadenfreude in action . Best radio phone-in : Please Move the Deer Crossing YouTube views at time of writing : 10.1 million Published : October What 's the big deal : A woman who has become known as Donna the Deer Lady calls a local radio station in Fargo , North Dakota , complaining that deer crossings are encouraging deer to cross busy roads . "  Why are we encouraging deer to cross at the interstate ? " she asks . The presenter makes a brief attempt to explain that deer crossing signs are to warn motorists of areas with large deer population , rather than for the benefit of the deer , before giving up and agreeing to publicize her concerns . Best public service broadcast : Dumb Ways to Die YouTube views at time of writing : 25.3 million Published : November What 's the big deal : This was created by the Melbourne Metro as a reminder that getting hit by a train is the dumbest way to die . Other dumb ways to die suggested in the song and animated video include taking your helmet off in outer space , selling both kidneys on the internet and dressing up as a moose during hunting season . Best corporate comebac : Bodyform Responds : The Truth YouTube views at time of writing : 3.4 million Published : October What 's the big deal : This video came after a man called Richard Neill posted an amusing rant on the Facebook page of sanitary towel manufacturer Bodyform complaining that their advertisements showing happy women taking part in extreme sports during their periods were misleading . The company responded with a mock contrite apology video , supposedly from its managing director  although actually an actress  that they had lied to him about periods . The technology site Mashable wrote of Bodyform 's video : "  This may be the best response ever to a Facebook rant -- period . "	"  Gangnam Style " became the most watched YouTube video of all time , overtaking Justin Bieber The rap -- named after a neighborhood of Seoul -- spawned countless parodies Advertisers , campaigners and sometimes hapless individuals ' videos have also gone viral
The deadly Ebola virus has been contracted by someone inside the United States for the first time . A nurse who had worn protective gear during her "  extensive contact " at a Dallas hospital with an Ebola patient who died tested positive during a preliminary blood test , officials said Sunday . The woman had on a gown , gloves , mask and a shield during her multiple visits with Thomas Eric Duncan , but there was a breach in protocol , health officials said . The patient is a nurse at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas , an official who is familiar with the case told CNN . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta conducted testing on the blood sample , and confirmed the results Sunday , marking the first known transmission of Ebola in the United States and the second diagnosis in the country . She was involved in Duncan 's care after he was placed in isolation -- his second trip to the hospital after coming to the United States from Liberia -- said Dr. Tom Frieden , the director of the CDC . The nurse is in stable condition , Texas Health Resources chief clinical officer Dan Varga said . Duncan , the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , died Wednesday . What 's a hospital supposed to do if an Ebola patient shows up ? The nurse had "  extensive contact " on "  multiple occasions " with Duncan , Frieden said . "  At some point , there was a breach in protocol , and that breach in protocol resulted in this infection , " he said at a news conference Sunday . "  The  Ebola treatment  protocols work . ... But we know that even a single lapse or breach can result in infection . " Also , Varga said that someone who is a "  close contact " of the nurse has been "  proactively " placed in isolation . The hazardous materials unit of the Dallas Fire Department has cleaned up and decontaminated the public areas of the health worker 's apartment complex , Mayor Mike Rawlings said . Police are keeping people out of the area and are talking to residents nearby . "  We have knocked on every door on that block , " the mayor said . Hazardous materials units have also cleaned out the nurse 's car and will work on her apartment Sunday . "  This development is understandably disturbing news for the patient , the patient 's family and colleagues and the greater Dallas community , " the CDC said in a statement , announcing the nurse 's test results . It sought to play down a wider risk . "  The CDC and the Texas Department of State Health Services remain confident that wider spread in the community can be prevented with proper public health measures , including ongoing contact tracing , health monitoring among those known to have been in contact with the index patient , and immediate isolations if symptoms develop , " the CDC said . Complete coverage on the Ebola outbreak Case was anticipated "  We knew a second case could be a reality , and we 've been preparing for this possibility , " Dr. David Lakey , commissioner of the Texas Department of State Health Services , said in a statement Sunday morning . "  We are broadening our team in Dallas and working with extreme diligence to prevent further spread . " The nurse reported a low-grade fever Friday night and was isolated , the health department said . The preliminary test result came in late Saturday . President Barack Obama received two briefings Sunday on the second Dallas Ebola case , including one from Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell . According to a White House statement , the President wants federal authorities to immediately take further measures to ensure health care professionals are able to follow protocols for treating Ebola patients . ' A sign the system is working ' The news that a health care worker might have the disease is not completely unexpected , an infectious disease specialist told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  I think we 've always expected that there may be another individual who will come down with the Ebola from the transmission of this one particular person , and we always felt that it was going to likely be one of his close contacts or one of the health care workers , because that 's the way this virus works , " Dr. Frank Esper said . For Ebola caregivers , enormous fear , risk and bravery Esper said Texas officials have been keeping a close eye on people who had contact with Duncan . "  I will tell you that the fact that we identified this individual so quickly is actually to me a sign that the system is working , " he added . Globally , the disease has wrought catastrophic consequences . The World Health Organization estimates more than 8,300 people have contracted Ebola during this year 's outbreak . Of those , more than 4,000 have died . Ebola not very contagious Ebola is actually difficult to catch . People are at risk if they come into very close contact with the blood , saliva , sweat , feces , semen , vomit or soiled clothing of an Ebola patient , or if they travel to affected areas in West Africa and come into contact with someone who has Ebola . Those stricken with Ebola suffer ghastly symptoms , including vomiting , diarrhea , muscle pain , fever and internal bleeding . Three countries -- Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia -- have been hardest hit . And many of those who care for the ill have also come down with the disease . The World Health Organization estimates at least 416 health care workers have contracted Ebola , and at least 233 have died . In Liberia , health care workers are threatening to strike if their work conditions do n't improve . The first infection outside of Africa happened in a nurse 's aide in Spain , Teresa Romero Ramos . She became sick after she helped treat an Ebola-stricken Spanish missionary . Her case has prompted questions from fellow medical professionals about whether they are properly equipped to safely treat Ebola patients . Spanish Ebola patient 's condition worsens , doctor says Another search begins For weeks , health officials have been monitoring those who had contact with Duncan before he was hospitalized and isolated . Duncan left Liberia on September 19 and arrived in Dallas on September 20 . Four days later , he began feeling ill ; the following night , he went to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . But despite telling a hospital worker that he had arrived from Liberia , Duncan was sent home with antibiotics . He returned a few days later and tested positive for Ebola . And now , the search begins for all the contacts whom the nurse came in contact with . "  We need a whole new crew of people to do contact tracing , " said Elizabeth Cohen , CNN senior medical correspondent . Because Ebola 's incubation period can last up to 21 days , the health nurse 's contacts will have to be monitored for three weeks . The Texas health department said officials have interviewed the patient and are identifying any contacts or potential exposures . "  This is not an easy thing , " Cohen said . "  Keeping track of large numbers of people , taking their temperature twice a day , making sure they do n't ... leave town , all of that is a lot of work . "	A "  close contact " of the nurse is being monitored , says CDC The worker helped care for an Ebola patient multiple times , CDC director says He says there was a breach in protocol and his agency is investigating Nurse was wearing protective gear when she helped care for Thomas Eric Duncan
CNN  -- Some things are just better after dark . Just because the sun goes down does n't mean you have to turn in , too . Swimming with manta rays in Hawaii The waters off the Big Island of Hawaii 's Kona Coast are known for their manta rays : majestic and curious sea creatures with wings that can span up to 20 feet . After sunset , many area dive companies run boat excursions for both snorkelers and certified divers to get within inches of anywhere from a few to more than a dozen of them . The water 's not completely dark : once you reach your location , operators use either spotlights or equip you with an underwater flashlight to attract the harmless rays by drawing plankton to the area . The lighting adds to the experience -- illuminating the creatures as they gracefully sway , twist and dive in an extraordinary water ballet around you . Big Island Divers is one of many reputable companies running year-round night trips for ages 10 and older to both dive and/or snorkel with manta rays . "  All the boats have snorkel guides and large lighted surfboard floats that guests can hold on to , " says Big Island Divers ' Frank Hendriks . "  Our divers are also guided around the manta ray dive site with their own divemaster , to make sure they are having a great -- and safe -- time while being 30 feet underwater . " Big Island Divers , 74-5467 Kaiwi St. , Kailua-Kona , Hawaii ; +1 8083296068 ; rates from $ 99 and include snorkeling equipment and dry towels . Dive gear available to rent Kayaking Puerto Rico 's bioluminescent bay Mosquito Bay off Puerto Rico 's Vieques Island is renowned for its bioluminescence : waters that glow an electric blue and green -- a combination of environment and the tiny luminescent micro-organisms called dinoflagellates that live there . "  We have the brightest luminescent bay in the world , " says Barbara Schneider of Abe 's Snorkeling and Bio-Bay Tours . The Vieques-based company runs two-hour kayaking tours to experience this spectacular natural light display . There 's an info session on the bay 's unique ecology beforehand . Despite recent news reports about the bay 's loss of bioluminescence , Schneider assures that it 's nothing more than an unusual -- and temporary -- occurrence , and the water 's have since returned to glowing "  really , really bright . " The best time to go is on a moonless night after an especially sunny day , since dinoflagellates collect sunlight during the day and then flash that light as a defense mechanism in the darkness . Abe 's Snorkeling and Bio-Bay Tours ; +1 7877412134 ; $ 45 per adult , $ 22.50 for kids Night Safari in Singapore Next door to Singapore 's 69-acre zoo is a separate zoo that 's home to around 2,500 nocturnal creatures . The Night Safari includes both a guided , open-air tram ride through the park 's seven geographical zones as well as walking trails . You can wander the zoo 's tropical rainforest setting spotting striped hyenas and sloth bears as you go . There are no cages or walls to deter your view  there are still barriers between you and the animals , they 're just hidden  , and the lighting is designed to resemble moonlight . According to Wildlife Reserves Singapore , this May the zoo marked its 20th anniversary with the introduction of two white lions and "  two new exhibits featuring Asiatic black bears and Malayan tigers -- the finale to the park 's 35-minute tram experience . " Singapore 's Night Safari is open 365 days a year , beginning at 7:30 pm . A couple of live performances -- including a 20-minute Creatures of the Night show highlighting the many behaviors of nocturnal animals -- takes place each evening . Night Safari , 80 Mandai Lake Road , Singapore ; +6562693411 ; $ 39 for adults , $ 25 for kids Exploring America 's most notorious prison For nearly 30 years , Alcatraz Island in San Francisco Bay was home to one of America 's most notorious security prisons . Approximately 1,500 criminals cycled through this federal penitentiary , including some of the most disruptive men of their time : gangster and crime boss Al Capone ; Arthur "  Doc " Barker , killed by Alcatraz prison guards during an escape attempt ; and Robert "  Birdman " Stroud , who spent the first six years of his 17-year sentence in solitary confinement . In fact , with its tiny bare bones cells , inhospitable grounds and a well-known reputation for housing the worst of the worst criminals  not to mention being a favorite subject of Hollywood directors  , Alcatraz has achieved legendary status . A visit to the island is creepy in the afternoon , but touring the empty prison halls at night is bone-chilling . "  It 's an intimate experience compared to daytime , " says Alexandra Picavet , public affairs specialist for the Golden Gate National Recreation Area . Only 700 people are allowed on the island at night , compared to the approximately 5,000-6 ,000 people that come through each day . "  You also have access to areas -- such as the former hospital -- that are typical off limits , " she says . The Alcatraz Night Tour takes place Thursday through Monday and includes an audio cell house tour , as well as a narrated boat tour around the island . Due its popularity the night tour is often sold out weeks in advance . Alcatraz Night Tour , Pier 33 , Alcatraz Landing , San Francisco ; +1 4159817625 ; $ 37 per person Experiencing the ancient ruins of Petra Located in the desert of southern Jordan , ancient Petra is an architectural marvel of ancient sandstone temples , intricately carved tombs and the elaborate Al Khazneh , an incredible former treasury featured as the final resting place of the Holy Grail in "  Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade . " These historic ruins are stunning by day , but become dazzling after dark when the ancient city is awash in the glow of thousands of candles . A softly lit path through the Siq , or Petra 's main entrance , leads to Al Khazneh , where a short performance of haunting Bedouin music and poetry takes place Monday through Wednesday . "  Al Khazneh is Petra 's most impressive monument , " says Sallah A. Alfaqeer of Petra 's Marketing and Tourism Authority . Petra At Night , Wadi Musa , Petra , Ma'an , Jordan ; +962 3 215 7093 ; takes place Monday , Wednesday and Thursday evenings , beginning at approximately 8 p.m. ; tickets cost about $ 17 , in addition to your Petra admission ticket Delving underground in southern Spain 's Granada Granada sits at the foot of the Sierra Nevada mountain range in southern Spain , and the centuries-old city is teeming with natural and cultural curiosities . Play Granada 's Night Adventure Tour brings you in contact with many of them under the cover of darkness . "  Every night is a different tour , " says Play Granada manager Elisabetta Aguzzi , "  because every guide brings his or her personal touch . " Tours often include visits to the Albayzin  the city 's ancient Muslim quarter  and the house caves of Sacromonte , as well as a bit of strenuous climbing -- using nothing but headlamps to guide your way -- that culminates with a fantastic panoramic view of the city . "  Normally , the tour ends in a tapas bar , " says Aguzzi . Each tour lasts three hours , beginning at 6 p.m. in winter and 8.30 p.m. in summer . Play Granada 's Night Adventure Tour , Calle Santa Ana , 2 , Bajo 1 , Granada , Spain ; +34958163684 ; $ 27 per person Immersing in Costa Rica 's nocturnal wonders Well known for its rich variety of wildlife , Costa Rica has as much to offer visitors at night as it does by day . It 's under the cover of darkness that the country 's iconic reptiles , birds and animals become really active . You can meander the Pe  as Blancas river by raft on a Twilight Safari Float , listening to the sounds of the jungle and seeking out howler monkeys hanging from tree branches , or embark on a guided night walk through Ecocentro Danaus , a private nature reserve that 's home to frogs , birds and sloth . According to Anywhere Costa Rica travel planner Gema Cantillano , "  The forests become louder with insects as dusk sets in , mammals forage for food and nocturnal reptiles hunt for bugs . Expert guides know these patterns and can help visitors gain insight into the rhythms of nature . " Anywhere Costa Rica Ecocentro Danaus Night Walk ; +1 3108531167 ; Twilight Safari Float , $ 60 per person ; Ecocentro Danaus Night Walk , $ 37 per person Aladdin experience in Dubai Just outside the glitz and flash of the UAE 's most populous emirate lies the expansive emptiness of the desert , where you can experience a traditional Arabic meal and cultural performance beneath the glow of thousands of stars . Camel rides , temporary henna tattoos and belly dancing are all on offer while you enjoy a buffet barbecue dinner that includes chicken tikka and lamb kabobs . It 's a stunning and remote campsite with low-slung tables , pillows for seats and plenty of shisha  Arabic water pipe  for smoking . The true beauty of this experience is being so close to Dubai 's nonstop action but feeling worlds -- if not centuries -- away . ABC Tours Acico Business Park , Office No. 901 , Port Aeed , Dubai ; +9718002225 Tracking lion , elephant and rhino in South Africa South Africa 's night game drives offer the chance to experience wildlife viewing in a unique way . Kruger National Park 's night game drives give the chance to spot the Big Five : lion , elephant , buffalo , leopard , rhino . Most safari companies use open-sided vehicles so there 's nothing between you and the animals , getting you as close as possible to the action -- which may include a wandering pack of wild dogs , a whooping pair of hyena or a leopard on the prowl . There 's no guarantee you 'll see anything , but the suspense alone is worth it . Night Game Drives typically begin around 5-6 p.m. and last three hours . Most often include sundowners stops in the bush for snacks and drinks and to watch the sun set . Safari Rangers LTD , Henley on Thames , Oxon , UK ; + 44  0  7540577725 ; night safaris in 20-seat open-sided vehicles for about $ 20 per person Zip-lining through the snow in Whistler , B.C. Whistler 's Superfly Ziplines offers nighttime zipping in winter . A heated snowcat transports you to the top of Rainbow Mountain , where you sit down to a multi-course meal  catered by Whistler Village 's famed Barefoot Bistro  in a yurt . Then it 's time to descend -- in near total darkness -- on a series of zips through remote stretches of nothing but snow and old growth forest and reaching speeds of up to 62 mph . "  We take heart-pounding , adrenaline-pumping fun to a whole new level , " says Superfly 's Eric Whittle . Superfly Ziplines , 211-4293 Mountain Square , Whistler , British Columbia ; +1 6049320647 ; nighttime zips with dinner from mid-October to mid-April , $ 199 per person Laura Kiniry is a freelance travel writer based in San Francisco .	Diving with manta rays is great -- diving with them when it 's pitch black is awesome Puerto Rico 's bioluminescent Mosquito Bay is one of the great nighttime spectacles Singapore 's Night Safari gets you close to some of the world 's most fascinating nocturnal animals
CNN  -- Joe Miller is devouring his second steak of the day and the clock has barely nudged 2pm . Those hefty slabs of meat make up a decent chunk of the 6,000 calories he is putting away daily in what has become an obsessive pursuit of distance . But this intense training regime is n't designed to support a weightlifting crusade or an endurance run , it is built around thrashing a golf ball further than anyone else in the world . "  Joe 's obsessed , " coach Lee Cox says , as his protege chomps down on fillet number two . "  His whole life at the moment is built around finding an extra yard here or there . " If anyone embodies golf 's fixation with going further , faster it is Miller . His specially crafted equipment , diet , gym workouts and coaching sessions are all based around him winning a battle of small margins against a legion of monster hitters . The 29-year-old is homing in on his main target for 2014 , the long driving world championship in Las Vegas , a title he won back in 2010 . Should the man currently ranked No. 1 in the world pitch the ball further than his competitors , prize money of $ 250,000 will be landing in his bank account . "  It is all-consuming , especially at the moment , " the 29-year-old told CNN after lunch at Brocket Hall Golf Club , just north of London . "  You 're living it , you 're thinking about it , you 're searching for it . This is the World Championships -- the big one . If you 're not going to prepare properly for it , then forget about it . " As I waited for Miller to arrive , the staff had spoken in reverential tones of his hitting prowess . "  Have you seen him swing yet ? " one asked . "  It 's ridiculous . Scary . " Miller 's longest drive in competition is a mammoth 474 yards . That 's the equivalent of hitting the ball ten yards shy of the antenna perched on top of the Empire State Building . It is 50 yards past the longest drive recorded on the PGA Tour in 2014 -- 424 yards by two-time Masters champion Bubba Watson . The speed at which Miller swings the club regularly clocks in at 155 miles per hour and the ball consistently flies off the face at a freakish 225mph . In contrast , the club head speed of a distinctly amateur golfer  me , for example  is around 97mph , the ball taking off at a relatively pedestrian 145mph . Its golf , but not as many people know it . Not even the tour professionals . When Miller launches into his first drive on the range after a brief warm up , it is impossible to see the ball against the backdrop of a grey autumn sky . What is evident , though , is the power Miller possesses . His swing is a violent twisting of limbs , unleashing the club with the potency of a speeding freight train . Cox says instead of trying to pick up the ball using the line of trees at the back of the driving range , I have to watch it right off the club face or else I 'll have "  no chance , such is the angle it takes off at . " He 's right . The next one I catch sight of immediately and focus on intently for the best part of 10 seconds until it comes to rest some 415 yards away . So how has Miller altered his swing in order to maximize distance ? "  I could sit here and bore you for eight or nine hours , going through each tiny little move , " he laughs . "  Basically , you need the right technique and a lot of speed . "  I always start off with teeing it higher -- I use a four inch tee . That is going to give us the right launch conditions . "  Then I take a wide stance , a longer swing and use tighter angles . We use our wrists a lot to create a lot of levers . "  It 's the complete opposite of what you do for short or mid irons , or chipping , it 's trying to gather as much speed as you can and unleash it at that last second . " Miller 's obsession with distance is one reflected at all levels of golf , he says . Every single player on the planet would snap your hand off if they were offered an extra 20-yards to add onto their drives and iron shots . That has helped foster a dynamic design culture among the game 's manufacturers , one that has helped grow the discipline of long driving enormously over the last five years . Miller 's specialist drivers are made with two degrees of loft  regular tour players use 9.5 degree drivers  and have minimum flexibility in the shaft . They are also built to withstand ferocious hitting . "  Technology as it has progressed -- with shafts and the heads -- it plays a huge part , " Miller explains . "  When you are swinging 150mph or over , clubs even three or four years ago , were n't designed to hold that . The heads were blowing up in two seconds . "  The clubs now are a million times better . It was a learning curve for my sponsor , Callaway , to produce something that 's got a flat face and has to withstand ball speeds coming off at 220mph . "  There are clubs out there that ca n't do that and would blow up with one hit . The technology is going to get better once other companies are on board -- then there is a rivalry . it is always going to grow , just like the game . "  I think it shows how long driving has progressed . When I came back to the UK after winning the world championships in 2010 nobody , apart from the real fans of it , knew about it . "  I had to come back and do something with it , I was going out and getting some exposure in magazines and the television . It 's been a steady incline . It 's paying dividends now -- people are noticing it . It feels great . "  It motivates me even more because people are recognizing the sport now . " Cox says there are up to 50 points of Miller 's swing that have been tweaked from a regular tour pro 's to maximize the length he hits the ball . After studying over 100 long hitters they embarked on a process of trial and error , experimenting with different positions , swing techniques , hip and foot positions . "  It 's been a learning curve for me and Lee , " he said . "  He 's been teaching for over 20 years and it 's only now when you start looking at the bio mechanics of it and these tiny micro moves that are in a golf swing that you would n't see unless you have a trained eye . "  It 's so fine , half a per cent here or there , whatever it is . Whatever the pros are working you can times that by five , six , seven , maybe ten times . "  When you are looking for those extra yards , all of a sudden you realize how much the body can change and how much is involved in that . " Miller 's jet-propelled swing is backed up by numbers . A lot of numbers . Propped up on the ground behind Miller is a Flightscope box that records all sorts of information from his swing . It is almost as if he and his coach are speaking a different language when analyzing the data -- angle of attack , flight plane , dynamic loft and spin ratios are all mentioned . It all boils down to this ; Miller needs to execute the perfect technical swing , and connect with the ball , not only right in the middle of the club , but also at the right angle , for it to fly . Doing it under pressure , in front of a 5,000 strong crowd at the Re-Max world championships , is next on the agenda , as Miller aims to recapture his crown . "  The crowd adds the adrenaline , " he admits . "  If you get the crowd behind you , for me it plays a massive part . I could never replicate that here when you 've people shouting and screaming . " There 's only a limited crowd on show at Brocket Hall but we are still in awe of Miller 's hitting prowess . And when I  foolishly  challenge him to a competition , his game face is on immediately . The brisk conditions do neither of us any favors , but I 'm content with my drive that lands 238 yards away and trickles to the 260 mark . It was cold , remember . The data shows my club head speed at a respectable 97mph , the ball coming off the face at a not slovenly 145 mph . Unsurprisingly , Miller makes my effort look feeble -- his ball flies off the face at 208mph , hit by a club that was wielded towards impact at 144mph . His lands 112 yards past the distance where mine finished and eventually comes to rest 397 yards away -- over 30 yards longer than the height of the London Shard . Still , there 's no disgrace in that . I play golf with some people who would struggle to hit it 397 yards in two shots .	England 's Joe Miller gunning to be crowned golf 's world long driving champion Miller , who was champion in 2010 , has a longest competition drive of 474 yards He eats an average 6,000 calories a day to maintain his ferocious hitting power
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Desperation erupted into violence Tuesday in flood-ravaged Pakistan as survivors who have yet to receive aid scrambled to put food in their empty bellies . People in Sindh province blocked a highway to protest the slowness of aid delivery and clashed with police , the United Nations said . In a hard-hit district of Punjab , hungry mobs unloaded two aid trucks headed to a warehouse . Local aid agencies reported other incidents of looting . An aid agency worker said distributions were hampered because of the crowds stopping the convoys and because large numbers of people were living along the road . About 20 million people have been affected by the relentless monsoon rains that began falling three weeks ago , leading to massive flooding from the mountainous regions in the north to the river plains of the south . See high resoulution images of disaster About one-fifth of Pakistan is submerged , and entire families waded through filthy water , pleading for help . More than 1,400 people have died . Health officials fear a second wave of fatalities from waterborne diseases , including cholera , which is endemic in Pakistan and now threatening to become a major outbreak . Up to 3.5 million children are at high risk of cholera and other deadly diseases like typhoid and dysentery , said Maurizio Giuliano of the United Nations ' humanitarian affairs office . About 900,000 homes have been damaged , and the monsoon season is only about halfway over . Water is the villain here but can also be a savior : The only recourses from waterborne illnesses are clean water and medical care , but both are in short supply . The United Nations has called for $ 166 million for clean water and medical care but has received only $ 25 million . The World Bank has committed about $ 900 million at the request of the Pakistani government . According to a statement , funding will come from the bank 's Fund for the Poorest through reprogramming of currently planned projects and reallocation of undisbursed funds from ongoing projects . The overall global response has not been nearly enough , according to an International Rescue Committee-chaired consortium called the Pakistan Humanitarian Forum . About $ 150 million had been received from nations around the world by Monday , the group said in a statement , but much more is needed . "  The international response to the disaster has been too small to even begin to effectively address the needs of survivors , " said Tammy Hasselfeldt , the country director of the International Rescue Committee . "  The most urgent priority is to ensure that safe water as well as medicines are available , food supplies are restored and transportation networks fixed to accelerate the delivery of desperately needed aid . " The UN says $ 150 million is needed to feed up to 6 million Pakistanis , and $ 105 million is needed to help shelter about 2 million people left homeless . The United States has committed about $ 76 million for emergency flood relief assistance . But delivering the goods to flood victims is a nightmare in itself . With many roads and bridges reduced to rubble , travel by vehicles and foot is often impossible . The country is relying heavily on helicopters and boats to bring aid . "  We 're putting the final pieces in place on a distribution system which can reach the huge number of people in need in the shortest possible time , " said Wolfgang Herbinger , director of the United Nations ' World Food Programme in Pakistan . "  It 's a huge challenge , particularly in Sindh , where the delivery infrastructure is most constrained . " U.S. military helicopters delivered 2,500 pounds of relief supplies Tuesday and rescued 375 people . There are now 11 helicopters on the ground in Pakistan , but the Pentagon has ordered a total of 19 for flood relief efforts . Those efforts are costing the United States $ 300,000 a day , the Pentagon said . So far , $ 2.5 million has been spent . "  It 's a dynamic situation , " Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said . "  But the U.S. is a good ally and a friend , and we want to be supportive . " Families continue to stomp through mud carrying whatever belongings they can salvage , passing dead livestock , with nowhere to go . Despite their suffering , many flood victims are reluctant to leave the ruins of their homes because they fear having their land stolen . Amid the devastation , a bit of good news surfaced : The head engineer of the Sukkur barrage -- a dam whose strength was questioned as flood waters rose in the Indus River -- said the dam is considered safe . The river crested August 10 , and the dam withstood the pressure . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Samson Desta and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Millions of children are at high risk of deadly diseases , United Nations says About a fifth of Pakistan is under water amid monsoon rains The UN urges more assistance for clean water , medical care The United States has committed about $ 76 million for aid
CNN  -- The leader of the Shia militant movement Hezbollah in Lebanon said his group is responsible for launching a drone into Israel last week , and Iranians made the drone . Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah said on the movement 's television channel that the drone flew over "  sensitive sites " in Israel . "  This drone is not Russian made , this drone was an Iranian made , " he said . The drone "  was assembled by the specialized Hezbollah team . The Lebanese should be proud of that . " Israel eyes Lebanon after drone downed The Israeli air force shot down the unmanned device Saturday over the northern Negev desert , the Israeli Defense Forces said . The drone , which was hovering over Gaza and had entered Israeli airspace , was n't carrying weapons or explosives , military spokeswoman Avital Leibovich said . Nasrallah boasted that it was n't the first time Hezbollah has sent aerial drones over Israel . He said the group can do it "  whenever we want " inside "  occupied Palestine . " "  This mission was not the first one , " he said , "  and will not be the last one , God willing . " Asked about Nasrallah 's speech and his bold statement , a senior Israeli official who did not have permission to speak publicly on the subject said : "  His statement is not worth commenting on . " Read more : Do drones mark new arms race ? Hezbollah has been flying drones over Israel for years , said Micah Zenko of the Council on Foreign Relations , who specializes in drone technology proliferation and the Middle East . "  That it happened again is absolutely insignificant , " he said . He described Nasrallah 's comments as blustering and largely empty . "  Israel usually tracks these drones as they come across the border and often does n't bother to shoot them down , " Zenko said . "  They just want to see what Hezbollah thinks it can do . " Drones like the one shot down on Saturday can not even be piloted until someone has "  line control " of the device , or is at least within 50 kilometers of it , he said . "  To call them rinky-dink would be polite , " he said . "  The drones that Iranians display at airshows or that they tout for sale , defense industry press people describe them as crude . " These drones do n't have "  hard points , " or brackets , on which ammunition can be fixed , Zenko said , but they do have the ability to conduct surveillance . It 's unclear if the Iranians have drones that can do surveillance in real time , he added . Nasrallah said the goal of the drone was to "  show ... capabilities or some of them at the right time , and send the messages at the right time . " Read more : The folly of drone attacks	Hezbollah leader : We sent the drone into Israel , and Iran made it Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah : The drone flew over "  sensitive sites " Expert : Hezbollah has been doing this for years ; the drone has ` rinky-dink ' technology
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Bidding failed to meet expectations Saturday on a uniquely complete skeleton of a Jurassic-era dryosaurus -- a long-necked , plant-eating dinosaur -- so it was no-sale for the centerpiece at an auction of rare skeletons , fossils and other prehistoric memorabilia . Fossils including dinosaur skeletons are on display at the I.M. Chait Gallery on Saturday . Auctioneers at the I.M. Chait Gallery had hoped the 150-million-year-old , 9-foot-long dryosaurus would sell for as much as $ 500,000 , but the bidding did not add up . Two museums are said to still be interested in acquiring the skeleton , being sold by Western Paleontological Laboratories out of Utah . An 18,000-year-old , 7-foot-tall and 15-foot-long skeleton of a teenage woolly mammoth from Siberia took the auction 's top price , fetching close to $ 60,000 . A completely opalized green , blue , yellow and red ammonite fossil measuring 2 1/2 feet in diameter went for close to $ 50,000 . Both were bought by private collections . "  The woolly is so special because it was n't fully grown and can therefore fit in someone 's living room , " says Josh Chait , director of operations at the gallery . "  A collector 's dream . " Watch collectors stroll among fossils " The ammonite , an extinct marine animal , turned to opal as part of the fossilizing process . Ammonite fossils have been found in ancient seabeds in Alberta , Canada .	Auctioneers had hoped remains of dryosaurus would fetch half a million dollars Bids did n't measure up , so 9-foot skeleton from Jurassic Period remains unsold Fossil of a teenage woolly mammoth sold for close to $ 60,000 at auction Huge opalized fossil of an extinct sea creature went for almost $ 50,000
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Stalinist North Korea deployed new medium-range ballistic missiles and expanded special forces training during 2008 , South Korea 's defense ministry reported . North Korea 's reclusive leader Kim Jong-Il The missiles can travel about 3,000 kilometers  1,900 miles  , possibly putting U.S. military bases in the Pacific Ocean territory of Guam within striking distance , the Ministry of National Defense said in its 2008 Defense White Paper , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported Monday . The paper , published after weeks of delay , calls the North 's 1.2 million-strong military an "  immediate and grave threat , " according to Yonhap . The report adds that the North has recently bolstered its naval forces , reinforcing submarines and developing new torpedoes , in addition to increasing its special forces training after reviewing U.S. military tactics in Iraq and Afghanistan . Tension between Pyongyang and Seoul has increased in recent weeks , with North Korea announcing it would scrap peace agreements with the South , warning of a war on the Korean peninsula and threatening to test a missile capable of hitting the western United States . U.S. and South Korean officials have said that North Korea appears to be preparing to test-fire its long-range missile , the Taepodong-2 . Pyongyang tested one of the missiles in 2006 , but it failed 40 seconds after launch . The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles  6,700 kilometers  , which if true , could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii . North Korea has been involved in what is known as the six-party talks with the United States , Japan , Russia , South Korea and China , which is an effort to end the nation 's nuclear program , which the U.S. says is linked to nuclear weapons . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who returned from Asia on Sunday after her first overseas trip in the post , recently called North Korea 's nuclear program "  the most acute challenge to stability in northeast Asia . "	New missiles can travel about 3,000 kilometers Weapons could reach Alaska or U.S. bases on Guam Tensions on Korean peninsula running high
Washington  CNN  -- Which would bother you more ? 1  Finding a notice in your luggage saying it was searched by federal authorities ? Or , 2  Finding an inspection notice , but learning that no one had actually bothered to search it ? It was the second scenario that led to last year 's firing of 36 Transportation Security Administration screeners at Honolulu International Airport . The Department of Homeland Security 's independent inspector general announced Tuesday that a whistle-blower triggered investigations when he came forward with video showing some TSA officers skirting procedures . "  Among other things , the  video showed screeners  opening bags , placing notices of inspection inside and transporting them back to the airline without screening them , " read a report from the inspector general . Thousands of bags went on commercial jets unscreened , risking the safety of the traveling public , the report said . TSA reprimands Boston bag screeners over job performance The video , shot in the overseas terminal at the Honolulu airport in December 2010 , resulted in two investigations . The first , by the TSA 's Office of Inspection , concluded that thousands of bags went unscreened between September and December 2010 . The TSA fired 36 officers , including the highest-ranked TSA official at the airport , and disciplined a dozen others . Lawmakers on Capitol Hill requested the second investigation , which was conducted by the inspector general , to see if the blame extended beyond officials in Honolulu . The inspector general 's investigation concluded that while screeners in Honolulu were responsible for screening bags , the situation "  might not have occurred " if TSA leaders had provided better oversight , adequate staff and screening equipment , and had more thoroughly evaluated protocols before changing them . The inspector general said the agency should have tested protocols at large airports , instead of just small airports , before implementing them . And it said that since the TSA granted flexibility to screeners during busy , crunch periods , screeners "  could have inferred " that alternate procedures were acceptable at all times . The TSA protested the conclusions . "  The manner in which  protocols  were developed had nothing to do with the  Honolulu  officer 's failure to properly follow " procedures , the TSA said in a prepared statement . "  TSA 's investigation revealed that Checked Baggage Screening SOP violations became almost normal practice ... and at times some  Honolulu  officers were not screening any bags at all . " Lawmakers on Capitol Hill Tuesday sided with the inspector general , saying the report showed flaws that extended beyond Honolulu . TSA behavior detection officers will be retrained after profiling complaints "  This report and one TSA fiasco after another have demonstrated that this is n't the problem of a few bad apples . There are system-wide problems with this massive bureaucracy , " Rep. John Mica , a Florida Republican , said in a written statement . Wrote Democratic Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi : "  I am concerned that there is a disconnect between our TSOs  screeners  on the frontline and those at TSA headquarters who create policy and protocols . " In its statement , the TSA said it took actions to address the problems . It has conducted a review of supervisors ' job duties , launched a new training course for supervisors and will work to create protocols to use when modifying standard operating procedures . It also has begun to develop measures to evaluate the supervision of checked baggage areas , it said . Outage forces delays , cancellations at Alaska Air	A whistle-blower came forward with video showing some TSA officers skirting procedures The video triggered two investigations Thirty-six screeners at Honolulu International Airport were fired last year Lawmakers say the problem is bigger than screeners at just one airport
After more than a decade on the sidelines of the international community , Serbia has emerged from a long and troubled history to become one of Europe 's newest republics . Sitting at the crossroads of central and southern Europe -- and often seen as a geographical region that straddles both eastern and western Europe -- Serbia has been at the center of some of Europe 's bloodiest conflicts . Invaded by the Ottoman Turks in 1459 , one of the catalysts for World War I in 1914 and , most recently , the diminishing hub of a rump Yugoslavia as the former communist nation tore itself apart in a bitter civil war , Serbia only emerged as an independent republic in 2006 after a referendum in Montenegro that ended the last vestige of the Yugoslav federation . With the secession of Montenegro , Serbia lost its coast and remains one of nine landlocked countries in Europe . Its population is now a little over 7 million people . End of the union The end of the Union of Serbia and Montenegro was the last move in the bitter dissolution of the six republics that once formed the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia that also included Slovenia , Croatia , Bosnia-Herzegovina and Macedonia . Formed in 1945 under strongman Josip Tito , the authoritarian Croatian-born dictator forced an uneasy alliance amid the ethnically diverse Balkan states by keeping strong , central control over the army and police . When he died in 1980 , the Yugoslav Federation continued until the early 1990s but began to fall apart under the leadership of Serbian nationalist leader Slobodan Milosevic . Slovenia and Macedonia were the first to secede and left the Yugoslav federation with relatively little bloodshed .  The 10-day War in 1991 with Slovenia was a low-intensity conflict that claimed the lives of 19 Slovenians and 44 members of the Yugoslav forces . Conflict escalates However , conflicts in neighboring Croatia , Bosnia and Kosovo between 1991 and 1999 , all states with sizable Serbian minorities , were more intense , leaving upwards of 140,000 people dead and millions displaced . Belgrade led military campaigns to unite ethnic Serbs into the long-held nationalist idea of a Greater Serbia . Neighboring states , meanwhile , fought to create new nation states outside the Yugoslav federation . In 1998 , violence erupted in the autonomous province of Kosovo in Serbia when the ethnic Albanian Kosovo Liberation Army rebelled against Serbian rule . Amid mounting pressure on Milosevic , NATO forces unleashed airstrikes on Kosovo and Serbia in 1999 . The conflict created a crisis in the region as ethnic Albanians sought refuge in neighboring countries . When Serb forces were eventually driven out , the United Nations administered the region . U.N. talks on the future of the province broke down in 2007 , and Kosovo declared independence in 2008 despite Serbian opposition . Kosovo remains only partially recognized within the European Union . Economic realities Since the dark days of the Yugoslav conflict , Serbia has sought to find equilibrium for an economy that was subject to years of mismanagement under the post-Yugoslavia Milosevic regime , suffered infrastructure damage during NATO bombings in 1999 and endured extended economic sanctions during the Yugoslav conflict . Despite embracing market reforms after the fall of Milosevic in 2000 , many of the country 's largest enterprises  including its gas , telecommunications and power utilities  remain in state hands , and high unemployment and stagnant household incomes remain persistent political and economic problems . Levels of youth unemployment in 2012 were at a record 51.1 % , according to the CIA World Factbook , ranking it seventh in the world and only marginally better than South Africa , Greece and Bosnia Herzegovina . While the most recent jobless figures show an overall fall to over 20 % , a historic high of 25 % in 2012 ranked the country only slightly better than Sudan and Gaza in terms of joblessness . European reintegration After years of isolation during the Yugoslav conflict , Serbia has begun reintegrating into the international community . It rejoined the World Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development as it emerged from the heavily state-controlled economy under Milosevic . While high levels of corruption , an inefficient judicial system and an aging population remain challenges to Serbia 's progress , it has the advantage of a skilled labor force , a strategic location at the center of Europe and free trade agreements with the EU , Russia and Turkey as well as member states in the Central European Free Trade Agreement . Despite a pro-Western government under current President Tomislav Nikolic , Serbia has historically been a strong ally of Russia , which supported the state during its opposition to Kosovan independence . Russia not only signed a major energy deal with Serbia in 2008 , but ties were further strengthened in 2009 when Russia provided it with a 1 billion-euro  $ 1.4 billion in 2009  loan to help it overcome a sharp downturn triggered by the global financial crisis . Nikolic 's stated aim is to develop ties with both the European Union and its traditional ally Russia . While it is a candidate to join the European Union , it is widely considered that it will not be ready for accession until 2020 .	Serbia emerged as an independent republic in 2006 With Montenegro 's secession , Serbia lost its coast ; it now has a little over 7 million people Since the dark days of the Yugoslav conflict , Serbia has sought economic equilibrium After years of isolation during the Yugoslav conflict , Serbia has begun reintegrating into Europe
The family of a third-grader in Connecticut has filed a lawsuit against Milford Public Schools , saying their daughter was banned from school for 21 days amid Ebola fears when she returned from a trip to Lagos , Nigeria , for a family wedding . The lawsuit , filed Tuesday , alleges that Ikeoluwa Opayemi was not allowed to return to Meadowside Elementary School in Milford "  based on fears " of the deadly Ebola outbreak in the West African countries of Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia . Most of the more than 13,700 confirmed or suspected cases of Ebola have been diagnosed in those three countries , according to the World Health Organization . The United Nations ' health authority projected that deaths from the virus have exceeded 5,000 . "  I think it 's outrageous how this child was treated , " said Gary Phelan , the attorney for the girl 's family . "  At some point , making a medical decision has to be based on medical information , not fear . " In a statement Wednesday , Milford Schools Superintendent Elizabeth Feser denied that the school 's response was improper . "  In addressing this situation , at all times , my staff and I proceeded in good faith to respond to this public health issue , " the statement said . "  We acted in the best interest of all of our students and staff . " Phelan said the decision to keep Ikeoluwa out of school came after complaints from parents of her classmates . The girl 's father , Stephen Opayemi , was told by city officials that if he tried to bring his daughter to school , police would remove her , the lawyer said . Ikeoluwa has not been diagnosed with Ebola and has not exhibited symptoms , the lawsuit said . In addition , the city of Milford refused her father 's offer to have himself and his daughter tested for Ebola . State of Maine , nurse at odds over Ebola quarantine ` Severe emotional distress ' alleged On October 20 , the World Health Organization declared that Nigeria , which is several hundred miles from the epicenter of the outbreak , had contained Ebola after 19 cases , including seven deaths . The declaration came after 42 days with no new Ebola cases reported . The WHO credited an aggressive response by Nigeria 's government and effective contact tracing . The lawsuit said a local health official told Ikeoluwa 's father that the decision to "  quarantine " his daughter at home was "  due to the rumors , panic and climate at Meadowside Elementary School . " Ikeoluwa "  suffered severe emotional distress " from the decision , the lawsuit claims . The girl traveled to Nigeria with her father from October 2 to October 13 to participate in a family wedding . When she returned to the United States , school officials ordered that she remain home for 21 days , until November 3 , according to the lawsuit . The suit was filed under the Americans With Disabilities Act . New York incident Fears about Ebola affected a group of boys at a school in New York on Friday . A group of students attacked two of their peers at I.S. 318 in the Bronx while yelling "  Ebola " at the brothers , who had recently returned from Senegal , the boys ' father told "  CNN Newsroom " on Tuesday . The New York Department of Education confirms that the incident occurred , saying the boys were pushed and shoved . Ousmane Drame , the boys ' father , said his sons felt so upset by their experience , they want to go back to Africa . "  They were made fun of by the children  who  started yelling , ` Ebola . Ebola . Ebola . Africa . Africa , ' " Drame said his sons told him . Charles Cooper of the African Advisory Council , a local advocacy group , said that at lunch , one of the boys was jumped by the students who had been calling him "  Ebola . " When his older brother intervened , the brother also was assaulted . Drame said classmates refused to play with his sons in gym . "  We 're done playing with you . You have Ebola , " he said one of the bullies told his sons . "  You sit down . ... They do n't want to play with them . Nobody is close to them . " Last week , amid heightened concerns about the spread of the virus , New Jersey and New York started requiring anyone who had contact with Ebola patients in West Africa to be quarantined for 21 days . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said there is little risk of contracting Ebola , outside of close contact with a person who has it and is symptomatic . Complete coverage on Ebola	Milford Schools Superintendent Elizabeth Feser says school acted in "  good faith " Third-grader Ikeoluwa Opayemi was kept out of school amid Ebola fears , a lawsuit says She had recently returned from a trip to Lagos , Nigeria , for a family wedding A local health official said she was kept out school because of "  rumors " and "  panic "
Carrabassett Valley , Maine  CNN  -- Several ski-lift riders fell to the ground and others were trapped in the air Tuesday when a lift a broke down at Sugarloaf Ski Resort in Maine . Before the accident , high winds had delayed the opening of the lift . Conditions at the time of the accident were windy , but not unusually so following a major snowstorm , a spokesman for the resort said . More than 200 people were trapped up to 90 minutes and as many as nine were injured , officials said . Ethan Austin , a spokesman for the resort , said the derailment on one tower of the Spillway East lift happened around 10:30 a.m. ET , when lift 's cable skipped over the edge of a pulley . Five of the lift 's chairs fell 25 to 30 feet and hit the ground , he said . "  The chairs were pretty mangled , but the ski patrol was there right away , " patron Ben Martin told CNN affiliate WCSH . Winds had diminished by midmorning and resort personnel checked the lift prior to opening , Sugarloaf said in a statement . Austin said conditions were basically what is expected after a major storm . The rescue operation was completed around noon . The lift will remain closed until the preliminary investigation is completed and it is cleared by the state to resume operation , the resort said . Franklin Memorial Hospital in Farmington , Maine , was treating eight patients , according to spokeswoman Jill Gray . She could not provide the nature of the injuries or the conditions of the patients . A ninth person originally was taken by ambulance to Franklin Memorial , but that person had to be taken by helicopter to Maine Medical Center in Portland , Gray said . Sugarloaf said seven people were injured . Robb Atkinson , a CNN employee who initially was trapped on the lift , said he saw skiers fall from the lift when it came to an abrupt stop during high winds . "  I felt a jerk , " said Atkinson , who was riding the lift with his wife . He also described hearing "  screams from skiers below " as he watched at least three chairs drop 20 to 30 feet to the ground . Matt Rolfson , 17 , of Albion , Maine , was on a parallel lift with a friend and shot video from his helmet cam of injured skiers . "  People on the lift yelled to see if everyone was OK , " said Rolfson , adding a portion of the Spillway East line did a "  yo-yo . " He told CNN his lift was unaffected and he skied down later to offer assistance . High winds were gusting between 30 mph and 50 mph in the area at the time , according to CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras , and temperatures at the resort were well below freezing . Austin said Tuesday afternoon there were an estimated 220 people on the more than 100 chairs on the lift , and the process of evacuating everyone from the chairs dangling above the resort was under way . "  You had to slide off the chair lift 40 feet off the ground into a swing , " Atkinson said . After that , skiers were lowered down to the ground and had to ski to the base of the mountain , he said . Franklin County Emergency officials contacted Gov. John Baldacci with updates on the incident and subsequent rescues , according to David Farmer , Baldacci 's deputy chief of staff . "  It 's extremely unusual , " Austin said . Sugarloaf has never had a lift derailment of this nature in its 60-year history , he added . The cause of the accident was under investigation . "  We 're deeply concerned about those who were injured , " said Austin , "  and we 're committed to understanding the cause of this incident . We want our guests to have fun , but our first priority is their safety . " Two inspectors with the Maine Safety Board were sent to Sugarloaf to investigate , said Farmer . The probe is "  protocol for any accident where the state government oversees certification of a ski resort , " he added . The resort is located about 100 miles north of Portland , Maine . Atkinson and Rolfson said patrons were excited about up to two feet of new snow on the slopes . Both will be back at Sugarloaf on Wednesday . CNN 's Alta Spells , Justin Lear and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	The lift will remain closed pending outcome of investigation The ski resort says an estimated 220 people were trapped on the broken lift A CNN employee was among those trapped Winds were gusting between 30 and 50 mph in the area
SANTIAGO , Chile  CNN  -- Nearly 100 former Chilean soldiers and secret police will be prosecuted on charges they tried to cover up the disappearance and deaths of 119 people during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet , a judge ordered Monday . Former Chilean President Augusto Pinochet , pictured in 2000 . The disappearances occurred between 1974 and 1975 , during what was known as "  Operation Colombo , " which targeted Pinochet 's opponents . Chile 's military government published information outside the country to make it seem that the victims had died fighting guerrillas . Chilean magistrate Victor Montiglio based his order on an investigation that says 60 victims were illegally arrested by the Office of National Intelligence  DINA  and kept in detention centers before they disappeared . DINA 's former director , retired Gen. Manuel Contreras , has already been sentenced to 250 years in prison in other cases involving human rights violations . He found out about Montiglio 's ruling in his prison cell . Minister of Justice Carlos Maldonado said the former soldiers will be taken to military compounds after they appear before Montiglio on Tuesday . The civilian suspects will be jailed in the Santiago Uno and Punta Peuco penal facilities , which are outside Santiago , he said . A U.S. backed-coup toppled democratically elected President Salvador Allende in 1973 , after which Pinochet took power . In March 2008 , a court in Chile sentenced 24 former police officers for their roles in kidnappings , torture and murders that happened just after the coup , Chile 's Judicial Authority said . Thousands of Chileans were victims of the national crime wave . Pinochet , whose reign lasted from 1973 to 1990 , was widely blamed for encouraging subordinates to kidnap , torture and kill people with suspected leftist ties , such as journalists and union members . Years after he left power , courts indicted Pinochet in two human rights cases , but judges threw out the charges on the grounds that he was too ill to stand trial . Pinochet died in 2006 . CNN 's Alberto Pando contributed to this report .	Chilean judge orders prosecution of 98 former Pinochet soldiers , agents Order is related to investigation of 60 people who disappeared in 1970s Hundreds were killed or disappeared during Augusto Pinochet 's rule Suspects are expected to appear in court in Chile on Tuesday
CNN  -- Air passengers heading for United States are to be subjected to new security checks that could see them delayed if their electronic device has a dead battery . A U.S. government official has told CNN the measures are in response to new intelligence that terror groups are trying to build new , harder-to-detect explosive devices . With stringent airport security already viewed as an inconvenience -- albeit a necessary one -- by many passengers , the new checks have been greeted with concerns over delays , disrupted schedules and the potential loss of expensive and irreplaceable devices . So how will the new measures affect travelers ? Here are a few answers : Which passengers will be affected ? In theory the checks apply to all air passengers flying directly to the United States from outside of the country . Those on domestic flights within the United States will not be subjected to the same scrutiny . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security  DHS  , which is requiring airlines or security officials to perform the checks before boarding , says the measures are already in place at some international airports and will be formulated at others in coming days . The focus of the new measures is on airports in Europe , Africa and the Middle East . Key aviation hubs in the UK , Netherlands , Germany and France have already confirmed they 're implementing the measures . Security agencies have declined to detail whether every passenger will be subject to heightened screening , but one analyst said this is unlikely . "  I think it 's going to be a more of random selection , " aviation security consultant Jeff Price told CNN . " I do n't think everyone 's going to be required to walk up there with their cellphone in their hand . " Which devices will be checked ? All electronic equipment could be subject to examination , including laptops , cell phones , tablets and MP3 players . Passengers are being advised to make sure these are all charged before travel so that they can be switched on and demonstrated to be operational . The DHS says there 's an increased focus on enhanced explosive trace detections , meaning the devices could also be swabbed for chemicals . Some reports have indicated that Apple and Samsung products are being specifically targeted , but the U.S. Transport Security Administration has declined to respond to questions about this . Price said it 's possible that intelligence reports have picked up on specific brands . "  Typically what will occur is that someone will come up with a new type of device and they 'll publicize that within their community and try to get others to do it as well , " he said . "  They 'll most likely have designed it to go in certain devices , which is probably what the intelligence has indicated , that 's why they 'd look at specific brands . " What happens if the battery is dead ? The DHS says it does n't dictate to individual countries how they handle electronics that do not power-up , other than to say the devices ca n't go on the plane . It 's up to individual countries to decide what to do with the devices . Anyone with an uncharged device risks being subjected to extra scrutiny and possibly held back from boarding their flight , according to the DHS and airline officials . Those who get to the airport with a dead battery have several options . They can try to charge the device if they can find a power point  many airports now have free or paid-for charging facilities  . Otherwise , if they find the dead battery in time , they can stow their device in their check-in luggage . At some airports , those with no ability to charge up their device will have the option of using a private service to deposit items for later collection or forwarding  at a cost of up to about $ 100  . A spokeswoman for London 's Heathrow Airport said final checks will be performed by airline staff at the boarding gate and it 's up to airlines to decide what to do with the devices . Similar procedures are in place at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport . British Airways says anyone unable to switch on their device will not be allowed to fly and will need to rebook on an alternative flight . Other airlines have declined to outline what measures they 'll take . Virgin Atlantic said it wo n't disclose specific security details . "  Our arrangements are under constant review and can be adapted at short notice should there be a need to do so , " the airline said in a statement . The DHS said anyone with an uncharged device may have to undergo "  additional screening , " but did n't elaborate . Will this mean extra delays ? News of the enhanced measures has provoked fears of increased lines at security checkpoints but so far this appears not to be an issue . Schiphol airport officials have pledged to "  take all possible steps to avoid additional queuing time , " but advised passengers to check with airlines about what time they should arrive at the airport . Aviation security analyst Price said he does n't foresee long lines at airports as a result of the measures . Are the new security measures here to stay ? Officially , it 's not known how long the new checks will be in place and Price speculates they could indefinitely remain a part of airport procedures . However , he speculates that the intensity of the checks is likely to wane as any perceived level of threat subsides . He said the new checks were likely linked to intelligence specifying a particular device -- as was the case when printer cartridges were restricted following an al Qaeda plot in 2010 . "  I think they 've got some intelligence that indicates these type of devices are going to be used for explosives and so for the time being they 're going to increase the scrutiny and then I think it 'll fall off . "  I do n't think it will go away completely , it 'll be part of a new bag of tricks . " He added that the most significant impact would be that "  people are going to learn to charge their cellphone before going to the checkpoint -- that 's for sure . "	Intelligence reports suggest terror groups are working on harder-to-detect explosive devices New security measures require passengers flying into U.S. from abroad demonstrate electronic devices are functional Worries of increased lines at security checkpoints so far unfounded
CNN  -- A cruise ship resumed its voyage to Cozumel , Mexico , on Tuesday after the Coast Guard released it from the search for a 50-year-old woman believed to have fallen overboard late Monday . Passengers on the Carnival cruise ship Holiday were told that the missing person had not been found . The Coast Guard identified the woman as Michelle Vilborg of Bay Minette , Alabama . Two Coast Guard ships , two planes and a helicopter had been searching an area of more than 1,200 square miles about 75 miles south-southwest of Pensacola , Florida . A U.S. Coast Guard spokesman told CNN the search began after a crew member heard a loud splash near the vessel late Monday . The Holiday , which sailed from Mobile , Alabama , stopped and passengers were told to return to their cabins for a head count , a passenger said . On Tuesday , a note from the ship 's captain , Carmelo Marino , was slipped under the doors of passenger cabins , briefing them on the situation . After circling in Gulf waters Tuesday , the Holiday was released by the Coast Guard about noon . The Coast Guard continued searching for the missing woman . Vilborg is believed to have fallen about 10:30 p.m. Monday , and boats were launched from the cruise ship to search nearby waters . The Coast Guard said it joined the search around 11 p.m. . In a separate incident Monday , rescuers found a passenger who had fallen off another Carnival cruise ship . The man had climbed a railing for a better a view of the scenery and slipped into the water near Tampa , Florida , the Coast Guard said . The passenger was found clinging to a sea buoy and was taken to a hospital with cuts on his arms . CNN 's Ed Payne and Samuel Gardner contributed to this report .	Authorities suspect passenger fell overboard from Carnival ship Holiday Ship in Gulf of Mexico on way from Mobile , Alabama , to Cozumel , Mexico Missing 50-year-old Alabama woman still not found In separate incident , man rescued after falling off another Carnival ship
CNN  -- An international footballer who played for the United Arab Emirates , and who became an internet sensation after scoring a backheeled penalty , has died following a car accident near the country 's capital , Abu Dhabi . Theyab Awana , a 21-year-old winger for local club Bani Yas , was one of the country 's brightest prospects after winning the 2008 AFC Under 18 Cup and was instrumental in the UAE reaching the quarterfinals of the 2009 FIFA Under 20 World Cup . "  Theyab Awana has passed away on Sunday night after a horrible traffic accident on Sheikh Zayed Road in Abu Dhabi , " the UAE Football Association confirmed in a statement on Monday . "  God blesses his soul and wholehearted condolences to his family , friends and fans . " Last year he won a silver medal at the 2010 Asian Games after the UAE reached the final and had been picked for both senior and Olympic national teams . But it was his actions during a friendly against Lebanon in July that brought him international recognition . With the UAE leading 5-2 , Awana stepped up to take a penalty . Instead of conventionally striking the ball he twisted around and backheeled the ball into the corner of the net . He was immediately substituted by then coach Srecko Katanec , who was angry at what he saw was a lack of respect for the opposition . Yet the fans did n't agree . Instead the YouTube clip of his penalty went viral . More than 1.2 million people have since viewed it . "  On behalf of AFC and the Asian football family , I would like to offer my sincere condolences to the UAE football community , family and friends of Awana , " the Asian Football Confederation 's acting president Zhang Jilong said in a statement . Awana 's death comes soon after another young Emirati player Saeed al Nooby , who played for second division side Al Dhafra , also died in a car accident . "  We had just returned last night with the club officials and players after visiting the family of Saeed al Nooby and paying our condolences , " Bani Yas ' Brazilian coach Jorvan Vieira told the Dubai-based newspaper the Gulf News . "  An hour later I got a call from the club 's manager informing me of the accident and I rushed to the hospital but Awana had died . "  It will take some time for the club and his teammates to get over Awana 's death . We have lost a man , a player and a boy and it will be hard to replace him . "	UAE international footballer Theyab Awana killed in a car accident The video of his backheeled penalty against Lebanon in July was a world wide sensation Over 1.2 million people have viewed it on YouTube It 's the second death of a UAE footballer in a traffic accident in a month
Is a sunken shipwreck off Haiti the long-lost remains of the Santa Maria , Christopher Columbus ' flagship from his first voyage to the Americas ? Underwater explorer Barry Clifford , who led a team that found and investigated the wreck , says he 's confident it is . "  Every single piece fits . Now , of course , we have to go through the whole archeological process , and we plan to do that within the next few months , but I feel very confident that we 've discovered the site , " he told CNN . "  This is the ship that changed the course of human history , " Clifford said . If the claim is confirmed , it would go down as one of the most significant underwater archaeological discoveries ever . "  It is the Mount Everest of shipwrecks for me , " said Clifford , 68 . But it is n't a new find for him . Clifford 's announcement involves a wreck he and his team investigated in 2003 . A cannon was found as part of the wreck . But , Clifford told CNN , archaeologists at the time "  misdiagnosed " the cannon . Two years ago , after having researched the type of cannon used in Columbus ' time , "  I woke up in the middle of the night and said , ` Oh my God , ' " Clifford told CNN . He realized the 2003 find might have been the one . A couple of weeks ago , he returned to the wreck with a group of experts . The team measured and photographed the ship . But some items , including the cannon , had been looted from the ship in the intervening years , Clifford said . The ship "  still has attributes that warrant an excavation to determine the site 's identity , " archaeologist Charles Beeker of Indiana University said Tuesday . "  Barry may have finally discovered the 1492 Santa Maria . " The evidence , Beeker said , is "  very compelling . " The ship was found in the exact area where Columbus said the Santa Maria ran aground more than 500 years ago , Clifford said . The wreck is stuck on a reef off Haiti 's northern coast , 10 to 15 feet beneath the water 's surface . Clifford plans to go back to Haiti next month to meet with authorities and decide what steps to take next . Wrecked in 1492 It was the flagship of Columbus ' small fleet that set sail from Spain in August 1492 under the sponsorship of King Ferdinand II and Queen Isabella I . The voyage aimed to find a westward route to China , India and the gold and spice islands of the East . But the land the sailors set eyes on in October 1492 was an island in the Caribbean . Among the islands on which Columbus set foot was Hispaniola , which is divided between Haiti and the Dominican Republic . Columbus established a fort in Haiti . That December , the Santa Maria accidentally ran aground off the island 's coast . Some planks and provisions from the wrecked ship , which was about 117 feet  36 meters  long , were used by the garrison at the fort , according to Encyclopaedia Britannica . Columbus set off back to Spain with the two remaining ships , the Nina and the Pinta , in January 1493 . Archaeological study needed Archaeologists will have to excavate and examine the ship found off Haiti in order to determine whether it is , in fact , the Santa Maria . Most of the ship is in shape and will be possible to excavate with the help of the Haitian government , said Clifford , who made a name for himself salvaging pirate ships off the coasts of Cape Cod and Madagascar . His team has used sophisticated metal detectors and sonar scans to study the remains . The ship is the right size , he said , and stones found at the site match the kind from the part of Spain where the ship was built . "  I do n't think any of us should take for granted what has been written , " Clifford said . "  This is a tremendous touchstone to that period in time . We do n't know what secrets are going to be held on the ship . " Did Phoenicians beat Columbus by 2,000 years ? After 125 years , ship rediscovered at bottom of San Francisco Bay What caused this Civil War submarine to sink ? Piece of ironclad brought to surface Shipwreck found on Gulf floor while thousands watched	"  We do n't know what secrets are going to be held on the ship , " says explorer Barry Clifford says the wreck is in the right place and is the right size A cannon of 15th century design found at the site is the "  smoking gun , " he says Evidence is "  very compelling , " says an archaeological expert
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It 's the year 2000 , and Eric Olsen is a medieval knight sheathed in armor with sword in hand . Tracey and Mac Carlson were married in January after meeting at the 2006 Dragon * Con . The 27-year-old is waiting in a line at Dragon * Con , an annual science fiction costume and convention extravaganza that appeals to comic book nerds , horror movie buffs and anyone with a liking for the fantasy side of pop culture . He spots a red-headed princess in a blue ball gown , reminiscent of a Walt Disney fairy-tale , about 15 feet behind him . She is stunning . Is she single ? Will she talk to me ? What do I say ? By the time Olsen rationalizes his jittery thoughts , he has already asked the princess , Sandra Frazer , 19 , out to breakfast . Forget about the drunken bar scene or painful blind dates . As Dragon * Con concludes this week , some single attendees are finding themselves coupled with someone who understands their passion for science fiction and fantasy . Watch Dragon * Con participants talk romance " When Olsen and Frazer finished their first date , the seeds of love had already been planted . They dated long distance for a year before Olsen proposed the following year at a Dragon * Con costume competition . Frazer , in a leather Catwoman jumpsuit , accepted the ring . "  I 've never cared about football or any of the normal guy stuff , " said Olsen , a home health care director who enjoys obscure sci-fi television shows and elaborate costuming . "  I met someone who shared my same geeky interests , and that 's hard to find . " Pat Henry , chairman for Dragon * Con , said his staff sees romances blossom at the convention each year . Hundreds of proposals have occurred at the event since it began two decades ago . Requests roll in by phone several times a month from couples eager to hold their weddings at Dragon * Con , their meeting place . Share your sci-fi convention love story with CNN.com The likelihood of finding a partner who enjoys alien movies or X-men comics is n't bad : Dragon * Con has evolved from a small gathering of a few thousand participants to a legendary event that reels in about 35,000 people from all over the world . It 's one of the largest science fiction , fantasy and cult media conventions in the world . "  The chances are in favor of the females , " joked Henry , who noted the convention participants are mostly men , though the number of female participants has increased over the years . "  The other thing is if you marry a geek , you know you can keep them at home with the latest science fiction books or video games . " The convention -- four days of panels , events and parties -- offers bountiful opportunities to let the singles mingle . It 's an adult playpen where geekiness is revered . The panels debate the science of Michael Crichton books and dissect the "  Star Wars " scripts . Parties include a Buffy Prom for fans of the 1990s Joss Whedon television teen drama "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " and the Miss Klingon Empire Beauty pageant themed after "  Star Trek " . Perhaps the best-known event is the Dragon * Con parade , a Halloween party for grownups , some of whom have spent the entire year preparing their costumes . At this year 's spectacle , a gray Saturday morning was lit up by a colorful throng of fairies with pink wings , elves in spandex , pirates in corsets and Jedi soldiers flashing lightsabers . What better way to strike up a conversation than while people are watching together ? "  You ca n't settle , " said Dragon * Con attendee Dino Andrade , who created Soulgeek.com , a dating Web site for fantasy convention attendees and sci-fi nerds . "  You ca n't be with somebody who 's going to hope that someday you 're going to grow out of this . " Three years ago at Dragon * Con , Tracey Carlson was smoking outside one morning in her Batman pajamas when her future husband approached her . During their first dinner date at the convention , the two slipped into a deep discussion about "  Babylon 5 , " a sci-fi television series by J. Michael Straczynski . "  I 've had friends set me up with total strangers , but it 's hard to keep the conversation going if the person is n't into what you are , " said husband Mac Carlson . They were married in January and their reception cake depicted Tim Burton 's "  The Nightmare Before Christmas , " one of Tracey Carlson 's favorite movies . But romance at Dragon * Con can be short-lived and have downsides , said Kelly Rowles , a 25-year-old from Pennsylvania who runs a blog called Convention Fans . Attending her fifth Dragon * Con this year , Rowles has noticed the convention is more likely to produce hookups than serious relationships , and some participants meet compatible singles who live hundreds of miles away . Accountant Petrona Zickgraf , 43 , of New Jersey , understands the long distance challenge . She met her boyfriend at a movie screening at Dragon * Con last year , and he lives 250 miles from her in Virginia . They visit each other regularly to share their affinity for science fiction , but they also share other interests such as hiking and visiting museums . "  Let 's just say one of us will move soon , " said Zickgraf , who was outfitted as comic book heroine Vampirella in a revealing pleather jumpsuit . She and her boyfriend , arms wrapped around each other , were celebrating their one-year anniversary at Dragon * Con this weekend . Sometimes , all it takes to meet your soul mate is the right rooming situation . Katie Marcinkowski , a high school English teacher from New York , attended for the first time last year because she enjoyed science fiction novels . She filed a request for roommates on a Dragon * Con LiveJournal Web page , a popular choice among attendees who want to save money by splitting a hotel room . Assigned to her room was 23-year-old Kellan Potts of Tennessee , who has since become her boyfriend . They share a fondness for "  Torchwood , " a British sci-fi show about extraterrestrials . "  You do n't meet the kind of people who like the same kind of stuff out in the real world , " said Marcinkowski , dressed in a suede warrior woman costume and holding hands with her boyfriend at the convention this year . "  I ca n't go up to guys and say I like sci-fi and fantasy . They will look at you and say , ` You 're weird . ' "	Romance blooms each year at Dragon * Con , a convention for sci-fi fantasy geeks Officials get dozens of wedding requests from couples who met at event The annual event attracts about 35,000 people from all over the world Long-distance relationships can be challenge for couples who meet at event
CNN  -- A group of Republican senators drafted an alternative stimulus measure that narrows government spending to infrastructure programs and helping unemployed Americans , addresses the housing crisis and relies mostly on tax cuts . Sen. Mel Martinez has been working with GOP senators on an alternative to the current stimulus plan . The $ 713 billion plan was put together by Florida Sen. Mel Martinez , who has been working with a handful of other GOP senators . The proposal includes $ 430 billion in tax cuts , $ 114 billion for infrastructure projects , $ 138 billion for extending unemployment insurance , food stamps and other provisions to help those in need and $ 31 billion to address the housing crisis . The draft Martinez put together is a broader approach than what some GOP leaders have suggested . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and other Republicans appear to want to limit the stimulus to tax cuts and addressing the housing crisis . But the draft is more narrow than the Democrats ' plan because it eliminates spending on government programs that Republicans and some Democrats say should n't be in the bill because they do n't create jobs . Martinez has just started showing the plan to his colleagues , and it is too early to tell how much traction this idea will get among other lawmakers . McConnell on Monday dismissed the idea that Republicans are trying to block passage of the economic stimulus plan . "  Nobody that I know of is trying to keep a package from passing , " he said at a news conference Monday . "  We 're trying to reform it . " The House last week passed an $ 819 billion stimulus bill without a single Republican vote , despite Obama 's efforts to work with both sides of the aisle . The House version is two-thirds spending and one-third tax cuts . Of concern for Republicans has been how much of the money will be spent in the near future . An analysis released Monday by the Congressional Budget Office estimated the stimulus plan before the Senate would use 78 percent of the proposed funding  including the lost revenue from tax cuts  by the end of fiscal year 2010 . Sixty-four percent of the House bill would be put to use during the same period , according to the report . Much of the $ 550 billion in spending is divided among these areas : $ 142 billion for education , $ 111 billion for health care , $ 90 billion for infrastructure , $ 72 billion for aid and benefits , $ 54 billion for energy , $ 16 billion for science and technology and $ 13 billion for housing . Republicans have blasted numerous measures in the package , such as funding for veterans in the Philippines , sod on the National Mall and honey bee insurance . On Monday , Senate Democrats dropped two controversial spending programs in the Senate economic stimulus bill : $ 75 million for anti-smoking programs and $ 400 million for the prevention of sexually transmitted diseases and HIV . Two Democratic leadership sources told CNN on Monday that the Democrats dropped the programs as a "  symbolic gesture " to show Republicans they are listening to their objections . But one of the Democratic sources also said , "  It 's hard to explain when you 're in the midst of a crisis why these programs are important . When people are struggling and thinking about their jobs , it 's hard to make that connection . " Republicans , and even some Democrats , have been pointing to both of these items as prime examples of "  excess spending " that does n't belong in the stimulus bill . The CBO analysis said the stimulus plan before the Senate would increase the deficit by $ 885 billion over the next decade -- about $ 64 million more than the bill passed by the House last week . The cost difference is due in large part to a provision in the Senate bill that would "  patch " for one year the Alternative Minimum Tax so that it does n't start to hit middle - and upper-middle-income families . Sen. John McCain said Monday that he would not be able to vote for the Senate bill in its current form . Watch McCain explain why he 'd vote no " The former GOP presidential nominee said President Obama and Democrats will have to "  seriously negotiate " with Republicans if they want to pass a stimulus plan with bipartisan support . "  I think we are clearly prepared to sit down , discuss , negotiate a true stimulus package that will create jobs , " McCain said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  But now it 's time , after the way it went through the House without any Republican support . It 's been rammed through the Senate so far . We need to seriously negotiate . We have n't done that yet . " McCain said he 's been working with fellow Republican senators to come up with a plan that eliminates policy changes that have nothing to do with job creation . He said the way to separate what 's pork and what is n't is by asking two things : Does it take effect in the next year or so ? And does it create jobs ? One change already made in the Senate version is the addition of $ 71 billion to fix the Alternative Minimum Tax , which was intended to place a tax on the wealthy but now hits many middle-class families . The Senate bill also adds a $ 300 payment to seniors , disabled people and others who ca n't work and suspends taxes on the first $ 2,400 on unemployment benefits . Meanwhile , House Republican leaders put out a list of more than 30 "  wasteful " provisions in the Senate version of the stimulus , including :  A $ 246 million tax break for Hollywood movie producers to buy motion pictures  $ 650 million for the digital television  DTV  converter box coupon program  $ 248 million for furniture at the new Department of Homeland Security headquarters  $ 600 million to buy hybrid vehicles for federal employees  $ 1 billion for the 2010 Census Asked if it would be better for the president to offer up two separate bills -- one for job creation and another for programs Democrats think were neglected during the Bush years -- Sen. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska , said that "  might be a better way to bifurcate the issues . " "  But , at times , you put things together because of the efficiency of getting something done , " he said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  And there 's no pork in this . Let me say that right away . But there may be some sacred cows . " Nelson and Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , spent the weekend scrubbing the bill of spending that does not narrowly target job and economic growth so moderate Republicans and conservative Democrats will be more likely to vote for it . President Obama said Monday that both parties need to work together so that a bill can be passed quickly . "  There are still some differences between Democrats and Republicans on the Hill , between the White House and some of the products that have been discussed on the Hill , " he said . "  But what we ca n't do is let very modest differences get in the way of the overall package moving forward swiftly . " Obama 's remarks came after meeting with Vermont Gov. Jim Douglas , a Republican governor who supports the economic stimulus program . The president also was meeting Monday with Democratic congressional leaders . Obama said Sunday he 's confident that his economic package will have Republican support once the final plan is hammered out . "  I 've done extraordinary outreach , I think , to Republicans because they had some good ideas . And I want to make sure that those ideas are incorporated , " he said in an interview with NBC . "  We 're going to be trimming up -- things that are not relevant to putting people back to work right now , " he said . CNN 's Dana Bash and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report .	NEW : Some GOP senators have put together $ 713 billion alternative Sen. Mitch McConnell wants bill "  dramatically different " from House version Sen. John McCain says there have n't been serious talks with Republicans yet Bill passed in the House without any Republican support
CNN  -- Mario Draghi is stepping on the gas , cutting interest rates to record lows , trying to funnel money into the real economy , and introducing a charge on banks that hold excess reserves with the European Central Bank . He is right to worry . Eurozone inflation is running at less than 1 % a year , with several countries already experiencing falling prices . Deflation , and even very low inflation , can be a huge drag on economic activity . There 's no encouragement to spend today to avoid higher prices tomorrow -- indeed , falling prices make putting off purchases attractive . Flat or falling prices also make it harder for businesses and consumers to pay off the debts left over from the financial crisis , increasing their reluctance to invest and spend . In the grip of these forces , Japan suffered two decades of stagnation . The eurozone 's recovery is already stalling , and a deflationary downward spiral would be a disaster . Unfortunately , Draghi is likely to discover the ECB 's gas pedal is already on the floor . There 's no way to push money into the economy unless businesses and consumers are ready to borrow it to invest and spend . Today 's measures are designed to encourage banks to look harder for borrowers . They aim to do this by lowering banks ' costs of borrowing , by imposing some small costs on banks that sit on money rather than lending it out , and by making it cheaper for banks to borrow from the ECB to fund lending to small businesses . But the banks would n't be sitting on money in the first place if they had credit-worthy business clients eager to take out loans . Indeed , rather than clamoring for new loans from the ECB , the banks have been paying down existing ones . What is needed are policies addressed not to lenders , but to potential borrowers and spenders , who are holding back because of the dismal prospects for growth . A significant chunk of responsibility lies on the shoulders of Draghi and other ECB leaders for the eurozone 's utter failure to construct a plausible model for growth since the crisis . After a brief period of fiscal stimulus in 2009 , the eurozone has pursued an austerity agenda that compounds the weakness of private demand by shrinking public demand . Draghi and his predecessor Jean-Claude Trichet did all they could to ensure monetary easing was accompanied by fiscal tightening , in effect refusing to hit the gas pedal unless governments were standing on the brakes . This seemingly bizarre policy does have a rationale . The idea is to force the countries of the eurozone periphery become more competitive through cutting costs and especially wages , enabling growth through exports rather than domestic demand . To some extent , the policy has worked : savage levels of unemployment and ECB-backed measures to reduce labor bargaining power have lowered costs in the periphery . By the end of 2013 , exports accounted for over 27 % of eurozone GDP , up from 23 % on the eve of the financial crisis . Further , the eurozone trade surplus exceeded 3 % of GDP . These figures are the highest since the introduction of the euro . Despite these unprecedented developments , eurozone growth remains exceedingly weak . That demonstrates the deep intellectual failure behind the austerity-competitiveness agenda . The rickety export-led growth model faces another important threat : the euro 's dramatic appreciation . Draghi 's famous July 2012 pledge to do "  whatever it takes " to preserve the euro stopped the flight from sovereign bonds and other euro-denominated financial assets . Trade surpluses also tend to promote currency appreciation . The stronger euro raises the prices of the currency bloc 's businesses versus their competitors , reversing a substantial portion of the painfully won competitiveness gain . This accounts for the efforts of Draghi and others to talk the euro down , but the effect has not offset the appreciation . While Draghi clearly hopes that today 's measures will further weaken the euro , they are unlikely to have much effect . For all their exceptional character , today 's ECB measures are , at best , efforts to shore up a fundamentally misguided growth model that is doomed to collapse . A serious policy to fight deflation requires putting both feet on the gas , with monetary stimulus and fiscal stimulus working together , a model that has had some success in Japan . It requires abandoning the mirage of export-led growth as a savior for the eurozone , and vigorous efforts to stoke demand by increasing government spending and promoting wage growth . Only this will lead to a virtuous circle of borrowing , lending , and growth , and a sustainable rate of price growth . But Draghi 's statement today revealed how very far he is from recognizing this point . He once again reiterated his support for austerity-led policies whose only coherent rationale is to promote falling  or at best stagnant  prices in the eurozone 's periphery : in other words , precisely the deflation he claims to wish to avoid . Until this fundamental contradiction is resolved , the eurozone is going nowhere . Read more : ECB cuts rates to head off deflation risk Read more : Europe may be recovering , but crisis not over for us Read more : What will Europe do ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	The ECB cut interest rates to a new record low in a bid to boost the economy But economist David Woodruff says the approach will not work for the eurozone What is needed are policies addressed to borrowers and spenders , he writes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Obesity is the No. 1 health crisis in the United States , and the nation could be at risk without immediate action , former President Clinton said at CNN 's first Fit Nation Summit . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta and former President Clinton lead the discussion at the first Fit Nation Summit . "  We need to do something about it for our children , and for our country , because something like this could easily collapse our nation if we do n't act now , " Clinton said . Clinton and CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , gathered with experts from across the country Wednesday to explore solutions to America 's obesity crisis . Two-thirds of adult Americans are overweight or obese ; the same is true for one-third of U.S. children , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Obesity carries increased risk of myriad health problems , including hypertension , diabetes , heart disease and arthritis . Gupta , Clinton and a panel of experts addressed such proposed solutions as healthy school lunches , elimination of trans fats , the need for healthier food in urban communities and the importance of supporting community-based efforts to fight obesity . Watch Gupta explain the solutions proposed at the Fit Nation Summit " Clinton , who 's been tackling the obesity issue over the past few years with his Alliance for a Healthier Generation , stressed the need to help educate people about the importance of a healthy diet and exercising together . Motivating Americans , especially kids , wo n't be easy , Clinton said . "  They need to be handled with care . Kids need to know it 's important , but -LSB- fitness -RSB- ca n't be boring , " he said . "  There 's no shame , there 's no embarrassment . We have to let them know it 's all good , but you have to do it . " Michael Jacobson , director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest and a strong advocate against trans fats in foods , stressed that the Food and Drug Administration should ban trans fats altogether and stop leaving it up to local and state governments . Trans fats , at one time , thought to be good fat substitutes , over the years have been shown to raise LDL or bad cholesterol in people and lower their HDL , or good cholesterol . "  They 're just not good for our health , Jacobson said . However , Dr. Robert Eckel , former president of the American Heart Association , warned , "  Although we support the removal of trans fats , our biggest concern is what they 'll be replaced with . We need to think about that , because there will be a substitute . " The panel took questions from an audience of 150 people -- mostly obesity experts or those who work in industries that deal with obesity . Gupta was inspired to launch Fit Nation , an ongoing , multiplatform , grass-roots initiative against obesity . Over the past three years , Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have crisscrossed the country , asking Americans to take charge of their weight by exercising more and eating healthier . This year , Gupta traveled from Michigan to California asking the public to pledge to add 1 million hours to their collective lives by getting off the couch and exercising . Since he began the tour in April , the campaign has surpassed its goal , with exercise pledges close to four times that amount . Gupta said he hopes that legislators and administrators who can make a difference in policy and perhaps change attitudes about obesity will hear the solutions discussed at the summit . "  I " ve covered a lot of stories on obesity , " Gupta said . "  There 's a battle going on , and we need to win the battle . I 've talked to people out there and many are just blas . "  This is our opportunity to make them care . " E-mail to a friend	Experts gather at CNN 's first Fit Nation Summit to propose obesity solutions Former President Clinton : Without obesity solution , nation risks "  collapse " Motivating youngsters , removing shame , embarrassment called key Experts : Removing trans fats , finding healthy replacements also critical
Athens  CNN  -- German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble is visiting Athens on Thursday for the first time since Greece received its first bailout three years ago , hours after the Greek parliament voted through a bill paving the way for thousands of public sector jobs to be cut . His visit also comes a day ahead of a European Union deadline for Greece to meet targets before it gets its next round of bailout money . Germany , seen as the driving force behind international creditors ' insistence on austerity and reforms , has been the focus of much anger among Greeks suffering as a result of the country 's debt crisis . Newspaper headlines Thursday reflect that sentiment . The newspaper Avgi says "  Ave Schaeuble , those about to die salute you , " a reference to a phrase attributed to Roman gladiators as they greeted their emperor . A headline in another paper , To Pontiki , refers to "  the exterminator " and shows Schaeuble about to run over civil servants on a rail track . While in Greece , Schaeuble has meetings scheduled with Prime Minister Antonis Samaras and Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras . The measures that were voted through early Thursday had to be approved in order for Greece to receive the latest 6.8 billion-euro slice of international bailout funds -- needed to keep the country afloat . The bill scraped through , with just 153 lawmakers out of the 293 present in the 300-seat parliament voting in favor . There were protesters outside the parliament building late into the night while the vote was taking place . Greek police banned public gatherings and marches in much of central Athens from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Thursday for security reasons , applying similar restrictions to those imposed during a visit by German Chancellor Angela Merkel in October . But Greece 's main opposition party , the Coalition of the Radical Left , Syriza , issued a statement calling for a rally Thursday evening "  against the architect of the bailout austerity policies " at a square near parliament . In its statement , Syriza said that "  if the government is not hesitant about issuing dictatorial decisions banning gatherings , then the people must show that they have no fear for them . " ` Better days will come ' Under the new legislation , 4,000 civil servants , including teachers , could be out of work this year . Another 25,000 will be on a "  mobility scheme " by the end of the year . This will allow them an eight-month period to look for re-employment while receiving 75 % of their salary . If by the end of that period they have not found work in a different department , they could lose their job . A total of 15,000 are expected to be out of work by the end of 2014 to comply with the requirements of Greece 's lenders , the International Monetary Fund , European Union and European Central Bank , which are asking for a slimming down of Greece 's inflated public sector . But for ordinary Greeks , who are facing unprecedented unemployment raging above 27 % , the fear is that if they lose their job , they will not be able to find another in the Greek market . Only hours before the vote , Samaras announced Greece 's first tax cut since the crisis began nearly four years ago . He said Greece "  will not relax " in its efforts , adding , "  We will continue climbing up the hill , we will reach the top , which is not far , and better days will come for our people . " The cut in the value-added tax in the food service sector , from 23 % to 13 % , had been an issue in negotiations with Greece 's lenders for months . The timing of the announcement could be seen as a signal of the government 's willingness to boost the private sector , while downsizing the bloated public service . Many Greeks believe the private sector has suffered a disproportionate amount during the crisis in order not to shed public sector jobs . On Tuesday , Greek unions called the country 's fourth general strike of the year so far , bringing many public services to a halt . At least 16,000 protesters joined a peaceful march and protest held to coincide with the strike , Athens police said . Greece , the first country to receive a European Union bailout , in May 2010 , is struggling to bring its huge public debt under control . The country is in its sixth straight year of recession , and unemployment stood at 26.8 % as of March of this year , according to official figures . The jobless rate among young people in Greece has soared to nearly 60 % . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou reported in Athens , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	NEW : Security is high during Wolfgang Schaeuble 's visit , but opposition party calls for a rally Schaeuble is meeting with Greece 's prime minister and finance minister Parliament OKs measures to pave the way for 4,000 civil servants to lose their jobs Another 25,000 public sector workers are under threat of losing their jobs under the bill
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic faces a race against time to be fit for this week 's Monte Carlo Masters after revealing he is struggling to overcome an ankle injury . The World No. 1 suffered the blow after rolling his right ankle during Serbia 's Davis Cup victory over the U.S. last week . The 25-year-old , who is based in Monte Carlo , is keen to compete in the tournament and will make a decision on Tuesday after being given a first round bye along with the other top seven players . "  I ca n't guarantee 100 percent that I 'll be on court . I have to be realistic and cautious , " he told reporters . "  I 've had three days of practice and I 've been increasing the level each day . "  If I have discomfort over the next two days , that would be an indication if I should or should not play . This is a strong event and there is no room for compromise . "  This is the start of a new season on a new surface . To compete at a high level I must be 100 % fit . " With the clay court season about to kick off , Djokovic is keen not to take any unnecessary risks ahead of the Masters events in Madrid and Rome before going into the French Open next month . The six-times grand slam winner added : "  I 've been taping the ankle and doing all I can to be ready on the court . "  I know there is a lot of expectation for me to play - no one wants me to be out there more than I do . I consider this a very special place and I 'm extra motivated . "  I 'm really encouraged by the progress over the last few days , it 's much more than I would have expected it to be . I 'll do everything in my power to play . " Elsewhere , John Isner won his career title after overcoming Spain 's Nicolas Almagro in the final of the U.S. Clay Court Championship . The home favourite , ranked 23rd in the world , picked up the $ 82,000 prize following a 6-3 7-5 victory . Meanwhile , Spain 's Tommy Robredo claimed his first title in two years after defeating South Africa 's Kevin Anderson 7-6 4-6 6-3 in the final of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Morocco . Robredo , 30 , had not won a title since triumphing at Santiago in February 2011 , but will now return to the top 50 following his success . The former World No. 5 missed five months of 2012 with a leg injury but has begun to fight back after his ranking had plummeted to 471 . "  I 'm very happy to win a title again after my injury , " he told reporters . "  Those points will help me a lot in the ranking . The goal is to arrive in Roland Garros in the best form possible . After that I will sit down and have a look at my goals . " In Poland , Italy 's Robert Vinci won the eighth singles title of her career after defeating Petra Kvitova 7-6 6-1 in the final of the Katowice Open . The win will propel the Italian up to 12th in the world -- her highest ever ranking . "  I played a really good game today , " Vinci told reporters . "  Petra was playing very well and very aggressively in the first set , but I stayed with her and won the tiebreak , and things were better in the second set , probably because she was a little bit tired . "	Novak Djokovic could miss Monte Carlo Masters tournament World No. 1 struggling to overcome ankle injury Tommy Robredo won first title in two years following Morocco success Roberta Vinci up to 12th in the world after Katowice Open title victory
Cairo  CNN  -- In Cairo , where huge protests are now in their fourth day , the angry protesters in Tahrir Square are reclaiming the pro-democracy revolution they started January 25 . Since it took control of the management of the transitional process , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces -- appointed by the former president , Hosni Mubarak -- has been following a three-sided strategy to contain and even frustrate the persistent demands for handing over power to a civilian authority and establishing an effective democratic system . The military council is breaking the revolutionary will of the protesters by arresting many and putting them in military courts  12,000 civilians so far  ; deliberately humiliating them  torturing many and exposing female protesters to virginity tests  ; making ordinary people feel disillusioned and even hate the revolution by failing to take tough measures against anarchy and restore law and order ; and finally , encouraging fragmentation and discord among the country 's political actors . Like Mubarak , the military council has adopted the policy of "  me or anarchy . " Over the past few months , Egyptians have used enormous demonstrations to press their demands , starting with insisting on dismissing the government that Mubarak had appointed before he was ousted , purging the security forces and cleaning the Ministry of Interior , trying Mubarak and those responsible for the death of more than 800 peaceful protesters and the injury of thousands , and setting a clear and specific timetable for handing over power to civilians . The military council has been reluctant to respond , and when it has , it has completely emptied these demands of any meaningful effect . Indeed , it appointed a new Cabinet in March but deprived it of any effective authority . It changed the name of the state security force while maintaining its old structure and savage practices , and it reluctantly put Mubarak and some of his aides before trial , but none has been indicted , and the process has been incredibly slow . With parliamentary elections set to begin on November 28 , the military council wanted to secure its position in the transitional process and threw a wrench in the form of a draft of supra-constitutional principles that , if it were to be agreed upon by the major political forces , would grant the military council a special status in the new political process . It would make the council sovereign above all other state institutions , including the parliament . The proposed principles would prevent civilian control or overseeing powers over any of the military 's affairs , grant the military veto powers over the laws and strip the elected parliament of some of its authority . The document revealed the military council 's insecurity about the results of the coming elections and the fear that Islamists might win a majority . It also engendered a deep state of polarization among the country 's political forces . Many liberals and secularists supported the document , while Islamic parties and youth movements rejected it and organized a massive demonstration Friday under the name "  The Friday of Protecting Democracy . " Several youth and grass-roots movements joined the demonstrations and continued with sit-ins , insisting on a specific timeframe for transitioning authority . The security forces brutally cracked down on the protesters , igniting further clashes over the past few days . To many protesters , what Egypt is witnessing is "  phase two " of the January revolution . One can not ignore the striking similarities between the two phases , particularly the snail-paced responses of the military council and Mubarak and the unjustifiable use of force against unarmed civilians . I was in Tahrir Square on Saturday when army soldiers clamped down on thousands of peaceful protesters , killing two in their initial thrust and savagely beating many of them . This excessive use of force was a major factor contributing to the fall of Mubarak . The military council also repeats another fatal mistake by responding too late with too little , leading protesters to raise the ceiling of their demands . What started as protests calling for protecting democracy and a timetable for transferring power under the management of the military council has become firm demands for ending the rule of the council and the military generals . Despite this revolutionary situation , and perhaps because of it , Egypt has great hopes in transitioning to democracy . Several steps need to be taken . The military council needs to bring to justice those responsible for the death and injury of peaceful protesters , including the immediate dismissal of the minister of interior and his aides . A new national salvation government has to be formed of credible public figures to manage the transitional process -- writing a new constitution , restoring order and reviving the country 's economy . Finally , sticking to a clear road map that allows timely legislative elections to be held under the immediate supervision of the newly formed government , followed by presidential elections , would position Egypt on a stable path toward democratic transition . The military council might try to exploit this precarious situation to impose martial law and postpone or even cancel the parliamentary elections . This will prove counterproductive and , in fact , disastrous because Egyptians will then have nothing to lose and will continue with their revolution to end military rule and earn their democracy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Emad El-Din Shahin .	Emad Shahin : Military government in Egypt has been blocking transition to civilian rule He says the armed forces are standing in the way of democracy Protesters had to return to the streets to reset the revolution , he says Shahin : Military using violence , arrests and torture to repress those seeking change
CNN  -- Monaco is famed for its glamorous Grand Prix , exclusive Casino 's and mega-wealthy occupants . Now , the elite province is going to have an exclusive yacht club designed by one of the world 's greatest living architects : Norman Foster . Foster is famed for buildings like London 's famous skyscraper , the "  Gherkin " and the restored Reichstag in Berlin , which houses the German parliament . The new building is intended to celebrate Monaco 's distinctive coastline and nautical heritage . It will have a series of deck-styled viewing balconies that step up along the harbor providing views of yacht races and the course of the famous Formula 1 Grand Prix circuit . Situated on reclaimed land , the development will extend the city 's existing marina eastwards and accommodate all sorts of craft , from small children 's sailing boats to 100-meter superyachts . Energy supplies will be augmented by solar thermal panels as well as photovoltaics , while all the interior spaces will be air-conditioned using a low-energy , sea-cooled refrigeration system , the designers said . Glamour-seeking yacht enthusiasts will have to wait just a little bit longer , though , "  Yacht Club de Monaco " is not expected to open until the summer of 2012 .	British architects Norman Foster are behind glamorous new yacht club on Monaco harbor The new building is intended to celebrate Monaco 's coastline and nautical heritage Solar thermal panels as well as photovoltaics will augment the conventional energy supply
Days after being dropped from ESPN 's "  Monday Night Football , " Hank Williams Jr. fired back at that network , "  Fox and Friends " and what he called the "  United Socialist States of America " in his signature style -- a song bellowing biting lyrics in between guitar licks . "  This country sure as hell has gone down the drain , " Williams sings in a tune posted Monday on his official website . "  We know what we need . We know who to blame . " In the song , the 62-year-old son of the legendary country singer Hank Williams did not appear to accept any blame for his part in a recent controversy stemming from an appearance last Monday on "  Fox and Friends , " Fox News ' morning show . On the program , he said that the golf outing involving President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner , an Ohio Republican , was "  like Hitler playing golf with  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu . OK . Not hardly . " When one of the Fox News ' interviewers pointed out that Williams invoked "  one of the most hated people in all of the world to describe ... the president , " Williams responded : "  That is true , but I 'm telling you like it is , you know . That just was n't a good thing . It just did n't fly . " The next day , the singer offered an explanation , saying , "  My analogy was extreme -- but it was to make a point . ... The thought of the leaders of both parties jukin ' and high fiven ' on a golf course , while so many families are struggling to get by , simply made me boil over and make a dumb statement , and I am very sorry if it offended anyone . " Then , last Thursday , ESPN announced that it "  decided to part ways " with Williams . His song "  All My Rowdy Friends " had been the "  Monday Night Football " theme on both ABC and ESPN since 1991 . No remorse was evident in Williams ' latest song , titled "  Keep the Change " -- an apparent dig at Obama 's 2008 campaign promise to bring change to Washington . The singer has criticized Obama in the past , and he supported the 2008 Republican presidential ticket of Sen. John McCain and running mate Gov. Sarah Palin . Williams sang that he 'd keep his freedom , guns , money , religion and "  my Christian name , " among other things . He added that he 'd like to "  keep the government out of my business . " The singer said that he had expected to talk about his father 's new CD on the "  Fox and Friends " program , and accused the show of playing "  the gotcha game . " "  Ask for my opinion , then twist it all around , " Williams sang . "  Just wait and see , do n't tread on me . " Williams was born May 26 , 1949 , and his iconic father nicknamed him "  Bocephus " after a ventriloquist dummy used by Rod Brasfield , a country comedian , Williams ' website says . He debuted on the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville , Tennessee , at age 11 . In addition to "  All My Rowdy Friends , " his other hits include "  Long Gone Lonesome Blues , " "  Whiskey Bent and Hell Bound , " "  Old Habits , " "  Born to Boogie " and "  A Country Boy Can Survive . " The bearded Williams , who wears a hat and sunglasses during performances , suffered facial and head injuries in a 1975 mountain climbing accident . At the end of his song posted Monday , Williams urged people to "  keep ` Fox and Friends ' and ESPN out of your homes " in light of the flare-up . "  Because Bocephus and all his rowdy friends -- and his song -- is outta there , " he concluded .	Hank Williams Jr. compared President Obama to Hitler on "  Fox and Friends " ESPN dropped use of his songs from its broadcasts , and he apologized But there 's no remorse evident in a new song posted on Williams ' website He blasts ESPN , Fox and what he calls the United Socialist States of America
CNN  -- For her long and impressive rsum of independent films like "  Dazed and Confused , " "  Party Girl , " and "  Best in Show , " Parker Posey is often referred to as the "  Queen of the Indies . " Though much of her work in recent years has focused on memorable television roles , the Mississippi native returns to the big screen in Michael Walker 's "  Price Check . " In the film , which debuts in select theaters on November 16 and is available for rental on iTunes . Posey plays "  Susan , " a powerful marketing executive overseeing a chain of grocery stores . For fans who have grown to love Posey 's trademark dry wit and pitch perfect edginess , Susan lands squarely in the wheelhouse . In her war to take over corporate America , Susan faces off with a man at every turn . Part genius , part sociopath , part seductress , Susan uses her full arsenal of God-given weapons -- from sexual manipulation to full blown tempter tantrums -- to get what she wants . During a recent conversation with CNN , Posey discussed her new role , explained her take on the public 's misconceptions about working in Hollywood and confessed the whoops moment that just may have cost her Angelina Jolie 's Oscar . CNN : My first impression of you is that you 're fearless . Are you fearless ? Parker Posey : You know , I do n't really see myself that way . I 've been doing this now professionally for 20 years . Is n't that wild ? I think the perception is when you 're famous you pick and choose your own material , but , honestly the material comes to me and I do n't feel like I do n't have much of a choice at all . So , when something is good , I end up doing it . But , I do like to show things that maybe most people would n't want to show of themselves , where people can judge you and you 're not perfect . So , maybe that 's where you 're getting that kind of fearlessness . CNN : The character you play in "  Price Check " certainly falls in this category . Posey : There are things about "  Susan " that I think are very of this time right now . I 've certainly seen women like this that are very entitled and powerful and manipulative and seductive . CNN : She 's a woman dominating a man 's world but with what most would consider typically masculine traits . Posey : Those characteristics excited me ! I do n't read parts like that that have those levels - someone who 's powerful and also someone who 's a loose canon . She has a really strong appetite , even more than these men that are around her and she 's hungry for more ! One of the first ideas or images I had for her was Faye Dunaway from "  Network . " Her female powers are n't female , they are totally male . And she does n't have those things that make a woman powerful like vulnerability and sensitivity and intuition . She takes and she demands . CNN : She even demands fun . I love the Halloween party scene when she keeps saying everyone is going to have fun , but clearly has no idea what fun is . Posey : I did n't even think about that . That 's so true . She 's all about planned fun . It 's not like that in other countries . Does n't that seem like a very American thing to do ? CNN : I have heard that before , yes . We 're a very type-A culture . But , you seem like a woman who knows how to have a good time . What brings you the most joy these days ? Posey : It 's a really laid-back thing like cooking or having friends over and just talking . I like a one-on-one with a friend , really deep conversations . CNN : Are you and your friends talking about the election at all ? Posey : Well , it 's all kind of unsettling what we 're seeing right now being played out . This drama ! That it becomes entertainment , that it becomes a game . I ca n't really watch it , I just get too , there 's so much that needs to be done , I get kind of down about politics . I do n't have the stomach to usually watch it . CNN : There 's a lot of attention being paid to women 's health . Posey : Yeah , yeah , I think we 're in the '50s . I think we 're at very conservative times as women , as individuals . It 's strange times . CNN : I wonder what Susan 's reaction would be to all the men talking about women 's issues . Posey : I think she 'd be really mad . Then , she would run for president . CNN :  laughter  Susan is just the latest of many roles you 've made famous , but was there ever a part you passed on and then regretted later ? Posey : What I did pass on that may surprise you is "  Girl Interrupted . " The Angelina Jolie role . And she won the Academy Award ! Is n't that funny ? CNN : Oh , I could definitely see you in that role . Why did you pass ? Posey : I just did n't care enough about it . I do n't know . There was something about it . They probably wanted me to audition and I did n't feel like doing it , or maybe they wanted me to jump through hoops and I did n't feel like doing it . Honestly , I just did n't care about it enough to be grounded in it .	"  Queen of the Indies " Parker Posey is tackling a new role The actress portrays a powerful marketing executive in "  Price Check " Posey says she passed on a role in "  Girl Interrupted "
Kabul  CNN  -- When 18-year-old Mumtaz walks into a room , the first thing you notice about her is the patchwork of painful puffy red scars that stretch across her face . "  I feel so bad , I do not look at myself in the mirror anymore , " Mumtaz said . She is the victim of a scorned man who decided that if he could n't marry her , he 'd make sure no one else would want to . The man had asked for her hand in marriage , but Mumtaz 's family declined the offer . One night , she says , several men showed up at their home . They beat up her family , and finally two armed men held her , pulled her head back and let the man who had wanted to marry her pour acid all over her face . Manhunt under way for Taliban who shot woman in public execution "  I was in the hospital for 10 days in Kunduz , and later they brought me to Kabul , " Mumtaz said . "  Most of my body was burned . When the doctor gave me medicine , I felt like I was being thrown into a fire . " A few of the men involved have been arrested but not the one responsible for changing Mumtaz 's face forever . This was the first time she had agreed to show her face and tell her story on television , partly because she fears for her life . Mumtaz has been through hell , which makes the second thing you notice about her all the more remarkable . She smiles every chance she gets . "  I guess it is just my nature , " she said . The shelter where Mumtaz now lives is a haven for women who have been abused . Right now , there are 16 women there , some with young children . Many have been there for years because they simply have nowhere else to go . "  This shelter has helped us a lot . If they were not here to help me , I would have been dead by now . My life was in a great danger , " Mumtaz said . Mumtaz is learning to read and write and is hoping to receive treatment for her scars in India . Just across the hall , there is another girl with a soul-destroying story of abuse . Sahar Gul had been beaten , burned , scalded with water and had her fingernails ripped out after being married off to a man more than twice her age when she was just 13 years old . Tortured girl : The same should be done to them "  Sahar Gul 's brother married her to this person in return of 200,000 Afghanis  about $ 4,000 dollars  . Sahar had about 15 to 20 ` good days ' with her husband , but then problems started to arise ;  the family started telling her  you are a child and can not give birth and that you do not understand how to be a wife , " said Gul 's attorney , Shukria Khaliqi . In Afghanistan , it is an accepted tradition that the husband-to-be 's family pay a dowry , also known as the bride price , to get a bride . But her new family had expectations that Gul could not meet . Gul said that when she did n't conceive a child , her husband and his family started complaining she was eating too much . They called her useless , stopped feeding her , locked her in a basement and began torturing her . She said they also told her to sell herself to other men , which she refused . "  They used to bring boys into the house . They used to say that they want to make money and wanted to buy a car , " Gul said . Gul 's mother-in-law , sister-in-law and father-in-law were convicted and sentenced to 10 years in jail for the torture but are appealing the ruling . Gul 's husband is still on the run . Mumtaz 's and Gul 's stories illustrate the fragile state of women in Afghanistan . Human rights groups say overall conditions for women in the country have improved since the U.S.-led war , but there are still too many cases where women are treated as subhuman . "  Since 2001 , there has been some really important progress . Literacy has improved . There are about 2 million more girls in school than there were at the time when the Taliban fell . Infant mortality has fallen , and life expectancy has increased . But I still think the overall picture is less than people really hoped for , " Heather Barr of Human Right 's Watch in Afghanistan said . A 2008 study by Global Rights revealed that 87 % of Afghan women reported suffering from domestic abuse . "  Domestic violence  is a silent tsunami because nobody sees it , but it 's taking the life of women . And many women turn to self-immolation or commit suicide or throw themselves in the rivers to escape the situation . It 's something we do not see , because it 's happening within the families , " Afghanistan Member of Parliament Fawzia Kofi said . Kofi has been fighting to get the government to pay more attention to issues facing women . Recognizing the problem , President Hamid Karzai signed legislation aimed at eliminating violence against women in Afghanistan . Women 's rights advocates say the law is good , but enforcement of the law is lax . Kofi , along with human rights advocates , worries about what will happen to women if international aid for services halts along with the pullout of NATO troops and the threat of the Taliban in government . "  I think the biggest fear and concern all of us have is that we go back to the dark period from where we had to look at the whole world from a small window , " Kofi said . UN chief warns against holding Afghan aid hostage with reform demands Roadside bombs kill dozens in Afghanistan	18-year-old Mumtaz bears the scars of an acid attack after she refused marriage Two armed men pulled her head back and poured acid all over her face Mumtaz now lives in a shelter for abused women in Kabul , Afghanistan A 2008 Global Rights study said 87 % of Afghan women reported suffering from domestic abuse
CNN  -- Thousands of mourners and supporters crowded hillsides near Srebrenica , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Sunday , to mark the 15th anniversary of the massacre of nearly 8,000 men and boys . More than 50,000 people witnessed the burial of 775 newly identified genocide victims at the Centre Potocari -- the official Srebrenica Genocide Memorial where 5,000 genocide victims are buried -- a few miles outside the city , according to Bosnia-Herzegovina 's official news agency , Fena . In 1995 , Potocari served as a safe-haven for Bosnian Muslims . They were under the protection of a U.N.-Dutch-led mission . The massacre of men and boys occurred when ethnic Serb troops overran the United Nations safe area . The five-day slaughter was the worst European massacre since World War II and was described by the U.N. War Crimes Tribunal as "  the triumph of evil . " Witnesses , human rights investigators and court testimonies documented the summary executions , as well the rape and murder of women . Sunday 's burial was attended by top international officials , including a U.S. delegation whose members read a statement from President Barack Obama . In the statement , Obama called the Srebrenica massacre an "  unimaginable " tragedy that has left an indelible "  stain on our collective conscience . " "  Fifteen years ago today , despite decades of pledges of ` never again , ' 8,000 men and boys were murdered in these fields and hills , " said in the statement . "  They were brothers , sons , husbands , and fathers , and they all became victims of genocide . " Obama also called on all governments to "  redouble their efforts " to find and prosecute those responsible for the tragedy . "  This includes Ratko Mladic , who presided over the killings and remains at large , " he said , referring to the former Bosnian Serb army commander . Mladic has been charged with genocide and remains a fugitive . Bosnian Serb president Radovan Karadzic is now on trial at the tribunal in The Hague . Fena news agency reported that Boris Tadic , president of Serbia , also attended the burial memorial of the genocide victims and promised to find Serb war criminals . "  I , as the president of Serbia , will never give up finding them , and especially Ratko Mladic . When that ends , I will consider a part of my job completed , " Tadic said . "  But before that , it is important that people reach out to one another and to continue living as people . A lot of time has passed , and I have done everything possible for Mladic to be arrested , " he said .	Obama : Massacre leaves "  stain on our collective conscience " Thousands watch burial of 775 recently identified genocide victims Ratko Mladic has been charged with genocide and remains a fugitive Bosnian Serb president Radovan Karadzic is now on trial at the tribunal in The Hague .
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- One media outlet billed it as the miners versus King Kong . The seemingly invincible 33 miners from Chile and five of their rescuers toured the Universal Studios theme park on Friday , and they were entertained with a tram ride through a tunnel featuring a lifelike 3-D clash with King Kong and Tyrannosaurus rex . "  One more time ! One more time ! " the miners , the rescuers and their relatives chanted after the short movie feature concluded . The earthshaking simulator -- rocking the tram as if it were under attack by the beasts of the "  King Kong " ' film -- did n't scare the miners , who were trapped 69 days after their gold and copper mine collapsed in August . "  Why not , " the tram driver said . "  Let 's do it again . " So it went . The miners of Chile -- who survived the longest mine entrapment in history -- had their way again , along with their relatives and the five rescuers . Helicopters and other TV news crews continued to follow them . The miners , rescuers and relatives are in Los Angeles this week for their first group tour to the United States since being freed last month . The group is in the nation 's second-largest city to attend "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which will air worldwide on Thanksgiving evening , November 25 . Organizers invited them as special guests . On Thursday , the entourage visited Hollywood landmarks such as the Walk of Fame stars on Hollywood Boulevard , including one belonging to Elvis Presley . It was an appropriate pilgrimage because miner Edison Pena had led sing-alongs to Elvis music to lift the spirits of fellow miners during the dark ordeal . In fact , he had asked for the music to be sent down into the mine as rescuers drilled a bigger hole to pull the miners out of the ground . "  He is the king , he is the best , " Pena , 34 , said , as he posed for photographs beside Elvis ' star on Hollywood Boulevard . "  The sweetest of dreams . " One passerby , Ron Prouty , 30 , a writer , was surprised to happen upon the miners . He was returning home from a Starbucks . "  To me they 're real heroes , and I think it 's beautiful they 're out in Hollywood , " Prouty said . "  I thought a celebrity was here but this is better than a celebrity . " For the majority of the visitors , the trip was their first time outside of Chile . At the top of their to-do list , besides resting after a 12-hour flight from Santiago , Chile , was shopping . "  I want to go to the mall and buy some shoes for my son and daughter , " said Katty Valdivia , 40 , the wife of Sepulveda . For miner Juan Carlos Aguilar , 49 , and wife Cristy Coronado , 40 , the visit was a double celebration -- because they experienced the birth of their first grandchild , Emily Sofia Studer , born Wednesday . When Aguilar was trapped in the mine , his wife was concerned whether the ordeal would be too much of a strain on her pregnant 17-year-old daughter , Damaris . "  We were really worried , " Coronado said , speaking in Spanish as did his colleagues . "  My daughter was far into her pregnancy and we were all consumed with what could happen . For those 69 days , we were a separated family . " The miner-poet Zamora said he overcame the gloom of entrapment by doing something he had never done before : write poetry . He wrote 32 poems -- about his wife , mother , son , relatives , friends . He left copies of his verse at home and was unable to share his poetry . "  I never wrote before , " Zamora said . "  It was a way of keeping me from suffering inside the mine . I wrote about feelings and how people were suffering on the outside and how they would ever rescue us . " Like some other miners , he readily offered up his autographs to anyone wanting to meet him . "  The Poet , " he wrote in Spanish near his name . Monica Araya , the wife of Florencio Avalos , the first miner who was pulled out of the ground last month , described the 69 days of waiting and wondering as one of her worst experiences . "  It was bad , really bad , " said Araya . "  I could n't believe it . I was worried about his life , but I believed they would all survive because I had faith and hope . " She has since noticed a few different things about herself and husband . "  We have changed , " Araya said . "  We are more sentimental , and we enjoy more what moments we have together . " Before arriving in Los Angeles , the group made a brief stopover at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia , where the miners signed flags . One signed "  Corazon de Minero , " which means "  heart of a miner . " When miner Richard Villarroell prepared to board the plane in Santiago , Chile , on Wednesday night , the 27-year-old said he has only traveled to Argentina . "  I want to see the world , " he said , smiling . "  I know all of Chile , but not the rest of the world . " Villarroell , a mechanic , worked at the San Jose mine for two years . His girlfriend was pregnant while he was trapped . The miners captured the world 's imagination when they survived the longest mine captivity in history , beginning August 5 . For more than two weeks , many officials thought they were dead . But crews made contact after a small borehole enabled communication with the men trapped 2,300 feet underground . Rescue crews encountered repeated setbacks . Initially , authorities expected the miners to be trapped until Thanksgiving or Christmas because of the difficulty of drilling a new tunnel to extract them . On their U.S. trip , the miners and rescuers will get a whirlwind tour of southern California . They 'll see the sights and shop in Los Angeles and Hollywood through the weekend . The visit is a world away from the miners ' experience in the weeks after the mine collapse that trapped them . In the days before they made contact with the ground , some ate about a bottle cap 's worth of canned fish per day and drank mine water that tasted like machine oil . They have said they were prepared to die , even as they awaited their rescue . The miners and rescuers were invited by CNN to attend "  Heroes , " an annual program now in its fourth year that shines a light on "  everyday people changing the world . " The Chileans were extended the invitation because their plight and rescue captured the world 's attention and symbolized the resilience of the human spirit . CNN Heroes received 10,000 nominations from more than 100 countries . That list was narrowed down to the Top 10 CNN Heroes . The Hero of the Year will be revealed on the show ; the public votes to select that winner . "  The heroic efforts of the rescue of these miners was one of the most unifying and inspirational events of the year , " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . "  CNN Heroes is a fitting way for CNN to honor these men and their rescuers , " he said . "  We hope viewers around the world will be heartened by the story of their rescue as well as the stories of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes . " ' The miners ' imprisonment began when a ramp into the San Jose mine -- located in the arid Atacama region of northern Chile -- collapsed . Shift foreman Luis Urzua told the men that they had a shot of surviving the catastrophe , but there was a good chance they would never again see daylight . The men occupied themselves by voting on everything , including how food should be distributed . Majority rule prevailed -- 17 votes plus one -- but the miners often managed to find common ground and most decisions were unanimous . Everyone had a task . No one was left alone . And they became masters of compromise and patience , even as their rations quickly began running out . CNN 's Alec Miran and Lonzo Cook contributed to this report .	NEW : Miners enjoy ride at Universal Studios Workers and their relatives sing "  We the miners of Chile " from double-decker buses A miner 's wife feared the ordeal would be too much on her pregnant 17-year-old daughter But the daughter gave birth to a girl this week , the first grandchild
CNN  -- A days-long outage for some Yahoo e-mail users is casting a dark shadow over a perceived turnaround at the once-mighty Internet player . Some users of Yahoo Mail , which underwent a major overhaul over the summer , were still without service Thursday from an outage that started late Monday . The downtime was due to "  a hardware problem in our of our mail data centers " and proved "  harder to fix than we originally expected , " Jeff Bonforte , who heads up e-mail services for Yahoo , said in a blog post . Late Wednesday , the company posted that the affected servers were up and running , but that it would take time to catch up on missed e-mails and that some users would still have trouble accessing their accounts . The post said it expected all lagged e-mails to be delivered by Thursday afternoon . CEO Marissa Mayer made revamping e-mail a part of her effort to kickstart a Web company that , in the eyes of many , had grown stale and was bleeding money . It 's been a rocky process . Announced last December , the first e-mail overhaul rolled out to all users  whether they wanted it or not  in June . So lukewarm was the reception that it got a largely cosmetic redesign again in October . The result ? More outrage . Under Mayer , Yahoo purchased Bonforte 's company , Xobni , in July , and the former Yahoo staffer was put in charge of the redesign . But it 's suffered from periodic outages since October , the latest being the most dramatic . Kara Swisher , of tech blog All Things Digital , wrote a scathing piece tackling recurring problems with Yahoo Mail and the company 's response . "  While I am certain Bonforte -- for whom I have had great respect for a long time -- and his team are trying their best to fix the problem , the contrast to Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer 's insistence on engineering excellence and innovation and the inability of the company to provide a cogent explanation about what is happening to one of its most important daily interfaces with its customers could not be any more stark , " she wrote . "  In other words : What could be bigger than a Fail Whale ? This . " Rank-and-file users were no happier , based on social media posts about the outage . "  Update 10 hours old , account still not accessible by phone . Your ` help ' said to reinstall it , but account not available for that , " one Twitter user wrote to Yahoo 's mail team account Thursday morning . "  A freakin nightmare ; you guys work for Govt healthcare ? " wrote another . Since Mayer took over in June 2012 , there have been signs of life at the company . Stock prices have jumped 130 % as she orchestrated a logo redesign , several high-profile acquisitions -- most notably Tumblr -- and overhauls of apps , including e-mail . But Google and Facebook continue to chip away at Yahoo 's biggest moneymaker , online advertising , and revenue has been flat . A black eye for something as simple as an e-mail outage , and a response viewed as lackluster by some , is the last thing a company on the rebound wants or needs . "  The issue is n't that Yahoo 's webmail has gone down  $ " in fact , from time to time it is to be expected , " Lauren Hockenson wrote for tech blog GigaOM . "  But when one of a company 's core services , especially the one that CEO Marissa Meyer identified as the linchpin to the success of Yahoo , experiences issues , users expect to be informed regularly . The company must be transparent about outages , or risk ruining the reputation it has worked so hard to rebuild . "	Yahoo e-mail outage has lasted since late Monday for some Company says server issue is fixed , messages are catching up CEO Marissa Mayer has made overhauling e-mail a priority But vocal users have n't liked some of the changes
CNN  -- A cold case in Alabama is heating up . State law enforcement officials announced the indictment of a suspect Wednesday in a series of sex crimes committed against three young Alabama girls between 1999 and 2004 . Attorney General Luther Strange credited the state 's unit that focuses on older , unsolved crimes for the arrest . "  This case is an example of the excellent work performed on a regular basis by the Cold Case Unit , " Strange said in statement . A Calhoun County grand jury returned an indictment against former county resident Billy Wayne Cooper , 45 , on May 6 . Cooper is charged with a number of counts of rape , sodomy , and sexual abuse . The victims were between 13 and 15 years old at the time of the crimes , which occurred in multiple locations , according to a press release from the attorney general 's office . "  Since beginning its work , the Cold Case Unit has provided hope and delivered justice for many victims whose cases had long gone unsolved , " Strange said . The suspect is already serving time for convictions in other sexual attacks Cooper is currently jailed at a detention facility in Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . He 's serving a sentence for convictions in multiple sex crimes at U.S. Army posts in Washington state and Germany . The Alabama charges carry a maximum penalty of life in prison . Vivian Kuo contributed to this story	Alabama grand jury indicts suspect in old sex crimes case Victims were between 13 and 15 years old Charges range from rape to sodomy and sexual abuse Suspect was already jailed in Kansas for sex crimes
CNN  -- Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss , the former business partners and Harvard University classmates of Mark Zuckerberg , have dropped their court appeal of a settlement with the Facebook founder . The Winklevosses had claimed they were shortchanged in a $ 65 million settlement with Zuckerberg because Facebook had misrepresented the value of company stock . In April , a federal appeals judge rejected the argument and ruled the twins could not unwind the legally binding agreement they had signed in 2008 . The brothers and a third partner , Divya Narendra , had wanted to reverse that ruling and were willing to take the case to the U.S. Supreme Court . But in documents filed Wednesday with the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco , they said they will not pursue the matter any longer . "  We 've considered this case closed for a long time , and we 're pleased to see the other party now agrees , " Facebook spokesman Andrew Noyes said in a statement . Facebook 's long-running battle with the Winklevoss brothers was a key plot point in "  The Social Network , " a 2010 fictionalized movie dramatization of the company 's origins . In late 2003 , the Winklevosses and Narendra asked Zuckerberg to help them write the coding for a social networking site they were developing for Harvard and other campuses . Zuckerberg entered into an oral agreement and was made a partner . In February 2004 , however , Zuckerberg launched thefacebook.com , which he later renamed Facebook . The Winklevosses and Narendra filed suit later that year against Facebook and Zuckerberg . The trio alleged that Zuckerberg had stolen the idea for Facebook from them . Facebook promptly countersued the trio and their own social networking site , ConnectU , alleging they had hacked into Facebook to steal data and spam users . A California court ordered the parties to mediate the dispute , and according to court records , they signed an agreement in which the Winklevosses would give up ConnectU for cash and a share in Facebook stock . The Winklevosses and Narendra later tried to pull out of the deal , alleging that Facebook had undervalued its stock , thus rendering the agreement as having been procured fraudulently . A judge ruled against them and forced the settlement to go through , but the Winklevosses and Narendra appealed In April , U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals Chief Judge Alex Kozinski , ruled against them . "  At some point , litigation must come to an end , " Kozinski concluded . "  That point has now been reached . " CNN 's Scott Thompson and Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	NEW : Facebook says the case has been considered a done deal for "  a long time " The long-running court battle was featured in the film "  The Social Network " The Winklevosses and a third partner wanted to increase a $ 65 million settlement A federal appeals court judge rejected their claim in April
Ninety people were killed in a day of punishing air assaults on Aleppo as so-called barrel bombs rained down on the city , an opposition group said . Women and children were among the victims in Saturday 's raids in various neighborhoods in the rebel stronghold , the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Sunday . It added that 10 fighters from the radical Nusra Front were killed when their headquarters were targeted . Nine people were killed near Aleppo 's central prison , it said . Barrel bombs -- drums packed with explosives and shrapnel -- can level entire buildings with one hit . In four hours , the area of Ansari was targeted with about 17 air strikes , one medical staffer from a field hospital in Aleppo told CNN . "  The humanitarian situation is very bad , there is a huge number of wounded people , " he said from the Turkish border , where he had gone to get supplies . "  I am so nervous because my staff inside  have  become so confused , I have to calm them , I do n't know what I will have to do for tomorrow . " ` Urgent situation ' In a report released Thursday , Human Rights Watch said the Syrian government "  deliberately and unlawfully " demolished thousands of homes in rebel strongholds in the cities of Damascus and Hama in one year . CNN can not independently verify daily death tolls , but the United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since 2011 . Aleppo has come under punishing , sometimes near-daily , air raids . "  The situation is very urgent , " the medic said . "  We need U.S. pressure on the regime for us to be able to take a breath , to have them stop this aggressive shelling on Aleppo . " He said all the roads to the city were blocked . The Syrian government has previously said the operations are targeting "  terrorist groups " in neighborhoods of Aleppo . Syrian refugees flood into Jordan Peace talks News of the bombings came after a first round of Syrian peace talks ended in Geneva on Friday with no progress towards ending a nearly three-year civil war . The contentious first round began with bitter exchanges and repeatedly seemed on the verge of collapse before the two sides entered the same room . The next round of negotiations is due to start February 10 but the government has been unable to say whether it will return . According to Syrian state news agency SANA , Foreign Minister Walid al-Moallem ruled out any direct talks with the U.S. unless "  Secretary of State , John Kerry , apologizes for what he had said during the opening speech of the conference . " Syrian government non-committal on more talks In opening remarks , Kerry said the path to peace had to involve the world community and could not include Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , whom he accused of widespread human rights abuses . The conflict has also been mired by accusations that the Damascus government used chemical weapons and that the opposition includes al Qaeda-affiliated groups . "  This is a modest beginning , but it is a beginning on which we can build , " U.N. special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi told reporters after the talks ended Friday .	Barrel bombs rained down on rebel stronghold on Saturday - opposition group Such bombs can level entire buildings with one hit "  The situation is very urgent , " field hospital medic says Bombs come after first round of Geneva talks
EW.com  -- The Time Lord has conquered the box office . A special nationwide 3D screening of the Doctor Who 50th anniversary TV special "  Day of the Doctor " grossed a stunning $ 4.8 million at the U.S. box office . What makes this particularly impressive : That 's from one night . The 75-minute "  Day of the Doctor " screened in 660 theaters as a one-night-only special event Monday and averaged $ 7,155 per location , with 320,000 tickets sold . Granted , the tix were $ 15 a pop , so that certainly helped . EW : ` Doctor Who ' : 15 facts you probably did n't know In fact , the BBC 's cult favorite show was the No. 2 movie in America on Monday , behind only The Hunger Games : Catching Fire . Its gross is nearly as much as The Wizard of Oz in 3D made during its entire run earlier this year  $ 5.5 million  . And it was more than indie fav Much Ado About Nothing  $ 4.3 million  or bomb The Fifth Estate  $ 3.3 million  . And do n't forget : This screening was two days after the episode had already premiered on BBC America , so most fans had already seen it . On limited Saturday screenings , the show racked up $ 204,000 in the U.S. box office and $ 2.9 million at the UK box office . "  It 's incredible that Doctor Who has made history once again , setting record numbers across the board on BBC America , in social media , and now in theaters . It 's a testament to the fans and their dedication for Doctor Who , " said Soumya Sriraman , EVP Home Entertainment and Licensing , BBC Worldwide North America . Doctor Who was n't too scruffy in the TV ratings either . A total of 2.4 million viewers watched the special 's first telecast at 2:50 p.m. ET on Saturday , breaking BBC America 's ratings records . That total rose to 3.6 million once including the show 's encore . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Screening of the Doctor Who 50th anniversary TV special did well It grossed $ 4.8 million at the U.S. box office The screening was two days after the episode premiered on BBC America
CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton said Thursday he thinks that Barack Obama will win big in the upcoming presidential election . Bill Clinton and Barack Obama chat at Clinton 's Harlem office . "  I predict that Sen. Obama will win and win handily , " Clinton said when asked his opinion on the state of the race . Obama smiled at Clinton 's prediction , saying , "  There you go , you can take it from the president of the United States . He knows a little something about politics . " The two men chatted with reporters in a photo-op at Clinton 's Harlem office before sitting down for a private lunch . According to CNN 's average of national polls , John McCain currently holds a 1-point lead over Obama , 46-45 percent . iReport.com : Still undecided ? The poll of polls , released Thursday afternoon , is composed of the following five national general election surveys : Fox News/Opinion Dynamics  September 8-9  , NBC/Wall Street Journal  September 6-8  , American Research Group  September 6-8  , Gallup  September 8-10  , and Diageo/Hotline  September 8-10  . It does not have a sampling error . Clinton is scheduled to campaign for Obama in Florida once he wraps up some business with his Clinton Global Initiative . According to aides , the former president will do a mix of fundraisers and public appearances on behalf of the Democratic ticket throughout the fall . "  We 're putting him to work , " said Obama . "  I 've agreed to do a substantial number of things , whatever I 'm asked to do , " Clinton said . Watch Clinton make his prediction " The image of the two men meeting comes as a relief to many Democrats who have been hoping to put to rest the "  Clinton-Obama rift " storyline . Both sides agreed a face-to-face meeting with the former president would go a long way toward putting the contentious primary season behind them . Hillary Clinton campaigned for Obama earlier in the week in Florida and will campaign in Ohio this weekend . Obama 's running mate , Joe Biden , spoke Thursday with first responders in Parma , Ohio . He opened up the event by telling everyone he did not plan to talk politics . "  Let 's pull together , let 's say together . This is nothing to do with Democrats , Republicans -- it 's about Americans , " he said . Obama and McCain also put aside politics Thursday to commemorate the September 11 terrorist attacks . The two appeared together at ground zero in New York City to lay roses at the 9/11 memorial and speak with first responders and family members of victims . They were joined by Cindy McCain and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg . iReport.com : See photos from the scene Later Thursday , Obama and McCain will share the stage briefly as they appear back-to-back at the ServiceNation Presidential Candidates Forum at Columbia University in New York . Meanwhile , Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin headed home to Alaska after spending the week campaigning with McCain . The pair drew a crowd of more than 20,000 in the sturdily Democratic county of Fairfax , Virginia , on Wednesday . That was their largest crowd to date . After that event , Palin returned home so she could attend her son 's deployment ceremony on Thursday . Track Palin enlisted in the U.S. army exactly one year ago . His brigade is going to Iraq . Watch more on Palin 's return to Alaska " Later Thursday , Palin will give her first television interview with a national media outlet since being named as McCain 's running mate . The Alaska governor will spend two days with ABC 's Charlie Gibson . The interview will be part sit-down , part walk-and-talk at various locations in Alaska . So far , Palin has taken no questions from reporters traveling with her on the campaign trail . An issue that could come up in the interview is the controversy that emerged this week over her per diem charges as governor . The Washington Post reported Tuesday that Palin had billed the state a per diem for 312 days she spent at home , and requested reimbursement for plane rides and hotel rooms for her husband and children , including a $ 707 room when her daughter accompanied her on a trip to New York to attend a Newsweek forum . The paper noted that officials said the claims were justified under existing state regulations . The McCain campaign said that Palin had reduced yearly travel expenses by roughly 80 percent of the amount spent by predecessor Frank Murkowski . Palin 's spokeswoman Maria Comella said the governor 's top priority was "  creating accountability and transparency in government to root out waste and corruption . " "  Gov. Palin is obviously expected to travel frequently around the state for community events and to meet with Alaskans . This is part of her job , and it 's reasonable that her travel expenses , which were reduced dramatically from the previous administration , would be covered , " Comella said in a statement . Palin is expected to rejoin McCain on the trail early next week . CNN 's Sasha Johnson , Dana Bash and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Barack Obama , John McCain lay roses at ground zero New polls show both candidates with slim leads in key battleground states Biden speaks with first responders in Parma , Ohio Sarah Palin back in Alaska for son 's deployment ceremony
CNN  -- Russia 's top diplomat said Thursday the nation will permit NATO to move armored vehicles through Russia to Afghanistan , state-run Russian media said . "  The eased transit regulations have been extended to armored vehicles with anti-mine protection , " Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said after discussions in Moscow , Russia , with Afghan foreign minister Zalmay Rasul , according to state-run RIA Novosti . At the NATO summit in Lisbon , Portugal , last week , Russia and the alliance agreed to "  broadened transit arrangements through Russian territory " of "  non-lethal " material . The cargo would be moved through Russia to and from Afghanistan . "  We underlined the importance of international efforts in support of the Afghan government and in promoting regional peace and stability . In that context , the revised arrangements aimed at further facilitating railway transit of non-lethal ISAF goods through Russian territory are of particular value , " the NATO-Russia Council Joint Statement said Saturday . The agreement will help NATO 's International Security Force break its dependency on Pakistani authorities to allow supplies and vehicles to get through . Pakistan last month temporarily closed the main land route for NATO supplies crossing from Pakistan to Afghanistan after U.S. helicopter strikes across the border killed two Pakistani soldiers . Dmitry Rogozin , the Russian permanent representative to NATO , said the matter refers to vehicles for transporting civilians only , Interfax news agency reported , citing remarks he made on Echo Moskvy radio . "  This has been made so that they could freely move even if militants using improvised explosive devices step up their activities , " Rogozin said . "  We have not given and will not give our consent to transportation of military cargo by rail through Russian territory . "	The Afghan and Russian foreign ministers are meeting in Moscow The agreement extends to ` armored vehicles with anti-mine protection ' Pakistan closed the route into Afghanistan last month due to U.S. helicopter strikes
CNN  -- Last year , 27-year-old Grant Gadoci declared that he needed a year off of work . "  I love traveling , " said Gadoci , who works for the software company HotSchedules . "  So here , if you need to take time off , you send an e-mail notification , and they say , ` have a good time ! ' " Gadoci took his boss up on an offer for a leave of absence and moved to Italy . He 's now back in the office , working in sales , after his year off . "  They recognized that work-life balance , for many people , is just the definition of being a happy worker , " Gadoci said . Unlimited paid vacation -- as long as you still get your work done -- is one of the many perks Gadoci enjoys at Austin , Texas-based HotSchedules . The company also provides its young staff members with a massage chair , a pingpong table , a tricked-out gaming suite including "  Rock Band , " and a monthly cookout served by the boss . Gen-Y ` ers : Delaying adulthood HotSchedules CEO Ray Pawlikowski , who founded the company in 1999 , says that catering to Gen-Y workers is smart business . Thirty-nine of his 65 employees are under the age of 32 . "  If you create an environment like we have here , which is a fun place to come work , and you engage them and you really capture their attention , they 're fantastic employees , " Pawlikowski said . Who is this new breed of worker , and why do companies like HotSchedules pamper them ? Generation Y , or millennials , make up roughly 50 million 18 - to 30-year-olds . According to a 2010 Pew Research Center study on social trends , this generation is on course to become the most educated in history and , in a decade or so , will account for nearly half the employees in the world . Dr. John Butler , a University of Texas professor , has conducted extensive research on innovation and millennials . He says one defining characteristic of millennials is their short attention spans . "  I think that Gen-Y does not expect necessarily to be tied to a job , " Butler said . That 's a gutsy decision for a generation with 13 percent unemployment . "  The big one I hear about , and I 'm guilty too , is a sense of entitlement , " said Gen-Y consultant Jason Dorsey , who rakes in up to $ 25,000 per speech teaching Fortune 500 companies how to work with his generation . "  It 's showing up and just feeling like people owe you things , " the 33-year-old says . Dorsey adds that some millennials also have a hard time dealing with negative feedback . He says it stems from the way many were raised . "  The reality is , we 've had parents who have told us how great we are since we were kids , you know . We listen to Baby Einstein to get smarter . We go to school and suffer from grade inflation , and if we did n't get an A , we went and negotiated . We 've built up our self-esteem , and the result is , we ca n't deal with adversity , " Dorsey said . Millennials : Marriage ideal but parenthood the priority Why would anyone even want to hire millennials ? Are they worth the trouble ? "  We want to make a difference from day one , which is totally huge . We show up , and that 's why we think we should be vice president , " joked Dorsey . "  Gen-Y brings a lot of valuable skill sets in terms of thinking outside the box . We do n't know what status quo means , but we know that if something does n't work , we 're going to speak up about it . " Dorsey has words of wisdom for companies like HotSchedules that employ a multitude of Gen-Yers : "  When millennials show up at the office , you have to provide specific examples of what you expect . And the reason is , we often lack real world experience . So we may have degrees and big expectations , but we do n't necessarily know what ` business casual ' means . "  You have to give feedback to millennials at least once a month . Other generations were taught if your boss is talking to you , you 're doing something wrong . Millennials were taught the exact opposite : If your boss is n't talking to you , you 're doing something wrong . " HotSchedules boss Pawlikowski swears by his staff . "  I think the biggest thing is that they bring a new level of dedication that we have n't seen in the past . " And his Gen-Y employees , including Gadoci , may have a better perspective on life than generations before them . "  I want to make sure I 'm doing things that make me happy , " Gadoci said . "  So if it means maybe starting a little bit later down a long career path , then I 'm absolutely going to take that opportunity to enjoy life . " Perhaps Dorsey sums up the Gen-Y work attitude best : "  The truth is , millennials just want something they can put on Facebook ! " CNN 's Poppy Harlow contributed to this report .	HotSchedules gives workers unlimited paid vacation -- if they get work done Generation Y , or millennials , account for roughly 50 million 18 - to 30-year-olds Gen-Y could be the most educated in history and make for half the world 's employees
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Media maven Oprah Winfrey earned 10 times more than Angelina Jolie last year , but the actress bumped the talk show host from the top spot on Forbes ' 2009 Celebrity 100 list just released by the business magazine . Angelina Jolie has ousted Oprah Winfrey from the No. 1 spot on Forbes ' 2009 Celebrity 100 list . Jolie 's fame , evidenced by magazine covers and TV , radio , newspaper and Web stories , outweighed Winfrey 's , giving her the edge as "  the most powerful celebrity in the world " based on Forbes ' formula , Forbes Senior Editor Matthew Miller said . Winfrey , who was at the top for two years straight , grossed $ 275 million last year , compared with Jolie 's $ 27 million , Miller said . "  We try and measure a celebrity 's power , and we look at two metrics to do that , " Miller said . "  We look at money , and we look at fame . " A world tour , which helped Madonna pull in $ 110 million , and a bumper crop of tabloid gossip pushed the Material Girl into the third spot , up from her 21st ranking on last year 's list . Beyonce Knowles held steady in fourth , same as last year , with $ 87 million in income from her multiplatform empire , Miller said . Forbes leveraged the singer-actresses fame by placing her on this week 's cover . A bad knee kept Tiger Woods off the PGA tour over the past year and lowered him to the fifth spot on the Forbes list . The golfer , still the highest-paid athlete in the world , was second last year . Bruce Springsteen 's tour landed the Boss in sixth , while director Steven Spielberg 's latest Indiana Jones movie helped him to seventh place . Actress Jennifer Aniston and her ex-husband , Brad Pitt , were eighth and ninth , respectively , on the strength of successful movies and tabloid headlines . Basketballer Kobe Bryant 's endorsements and popularity , boosted by his play on the U.S. Olympic team , jumped to the 10th spot . Miller said Forbes ' has spent a great amount of time compiling the list for the past decade because "  celebrities play an ever increasing role in everyone 's lives , whether we like it or not . " "  Celebrities are brands , and they are marketing to us and there 's stuff we consume off of them , from movies to albums to concerts to books to speaking tours to everything in between , and we sort of all buy into it , " he said . The income figures used are gross numbers and do not take into account what goes to agents , managers , taxes and expenses , Miller said . "  It can be very expensive to be a celebrity , " he said . "  What they 're taking home to their personal checking accounts is far less than their gross earnings . " The list , which has been "  put through our special sauce of earnings and fame , " is used as a barometer of who has the real power in Hollywood , Miller said . "  When you look at the components of fame and earnings , you can get a good vibe as to who 's important this year and who 's not , " he said . "  Angelina Jolie is , by far , the most famous celebrity on the planet , " he said . "  There 's not a day that goes by where she 's not on the cover of a tabloid magazine or a regular magazine . There 's not day that goes by when people are not talking about her philanthropy or her relationship with Brad Pitt or her movies or her children . All of that lends to a more popular , more robust and , frankly , more valuable brand . " Miller estimated that Jolie was on about 20 to 30 times more magazine covers last year than Winfrey . It 's normal for celebs to fall down or off the list for a year if they are between projects , he said . One newcomer to the list of top 100 celebrities is Barack Obama , debuting at 49 . Obama is the first sitting head of state to appear in Forbes ' Celebrity 100 rankings . CNN 's Jim Roope contributed to this report .	Angelina Jolie 's fame factor is too much for Oprah Winfrey 's money-making machine Forbes senior editor : "  Jolie is , by far , the most famous celebrity on the planet " Forbes ' annual Celebrity 100 list takes media moxie and income into account Madonna , Beyonce Knowles and Tiger Woods round out the Top Five
Washington  CNN  -- Current and past first ladies Michelle Obama , Hillary Clinton and Nancy Reagan will attend a memorial service Tuesday in California for former first lady Betty Ford . The White House announced that Obama would travel to Palm Desert , California , for the Tuesday service , which will be followed by a private funeral Thursday in Michigan . Clinton , the current secretary of state , will be accompanied Tuesday by her husband , former President Bill Clinton , an aide told CNN . Reagan also will attend the California service at St. Margaret 's Episcopal Church in Palm Desert , a Reagan Foundation official said . Former President George W. Bush also will attend the service but without his wife , former first lady Laura Bush , who had previous travel commitments , according to a spokesman . Bush 's mother , former first lady Barbara Bush , will attend the Michigan funeral , the spokesman said . Following the Tuesday service , Ford 's remains will lie in repose at the church until midnight , then be flown on Wednesday to Michigan to the Gerald R. Ford Museum in Grand Rapids , according to a website on the memorial plans . Ford 's remains will then lie in repose there beginning at 7 p.m. local time , said a statement posted on the website . On Thursday , Ford 's private funeral will be held at Grace Episcopal Church in Grand Rapids , the statement on the website said . Ford , who died Friday at age 93 , raised awareness of issues involving women 's rights , cancer , alcoholism and substance abuse during and after her stint as first lady . Her late husband , former President Gerald Ford , died in 2006 . The alcohol and substance abuse treatment center in Rancho Mirage , California , that bears her name has become one of the best-known facilities of its kind in the country . In remarks to reporters Monday , Clinton said she was "  grateful for having known " Ford . "  Her commitment to speaking out on issues that , before she took them on , were just not discussed made a huge difference in the lives of Americans , " Clinton said . "  I remember well when my mother 's best friend was dying of breast cancer , nobody talked about it in those days , " Clinton continued . "  But Betty Ford made it acceptable " to discuss the issue in public . Also planning to be in California for the Tuesday service are protesters from the Westboro Baptist Church of Kansas , which cited on its website what it called Ford 's infidelity by divorcing a first husband to marry Gerald Ford . The church is known for publicity seeking protests at funerals of U.S. soldiers and others to promote its radical conservative Christian agenda . CNN 's Elise Labott and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Former President George W. Bush to attend , but not Laura Bush Secretary Clinton praises Betty Ford for breaking taboos Ford will have a public funeral in California , and a private burial in Michigan Ford died Friday at age 93
Richmond , Virginia  CNN  -- It 's official : Ted Cruz is Democratic enemy number one . In the span of a year , Cruz has transformed himself from a little-known Senate candidate into the face of a government shutdown that has roiled Washington politics and raised questions about the viability of the American political process . Democrats are now raising his profile at every turn , in political campaigns from Brooklyn to San Diego , casting him as a right wing zealot and hoping to hang the controversial tea party icon around the necks of every Republican office-seeker in the country . Cruz : Use debt ceiling debate for leverage The first-term Texas senator , a shrewd and often shameless promoter of stand-your-ground conservatism , is currently starring in a slew of television ads , talking points and a raft of fundraising emails attacking Republicans over the ongoing government shutdown . Far from being an object of fear , Cruz is a welcome newcomer for Democrats -- the embodiment of what they claim is dangerous tea party obstructionism , and a far more useful villain than Mitch McConnell , John Boehner or any of the buttoned-up regulars straight out of Capitol Hill central casting . DNC targeting key Republicans over shutdown Cruz might be responsible for pushing the United States government to the apogee of dysfunction , but for Democratic operatives charged with winning elections , any Cruz is good news . "  It 's not that we 're making Cruz a bogeyman , " said Mo Elleithee , the communications director for the Democratic National Committee . "  It 's that Republicans are making him their leader . We 're more than happy to have a debate with them over whether that 's a good thing for the country or not . " With helpful prodding from top Democrats in the nation 's capital , the "  debate " over Cruz is playing out in races around the country , far from the halls of the Congress . When Carl DeMaio , a Republican House candidate in southern California , made a sympathetic remark about Cruz during a speech to the Downtown San Diego Lions Club last week , operatives from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee in Washington quickly packaged the clip and circulated it to local reporters under the slug : "  Carl DeMaio 's model legislator : Ted Cruz . " In the New York mayor 's race , long shot Republican nominee Joe Lhota said in a radio interview that he favored delaying the Affordable Care Act 's individual insurance mandate by a year . The campaign of Democrat Bill de Blasio immediately turned their cannons on Lhota , accusing him of "  marching in lockstep with Republican extremists like Ted Cruz . " Gingrich : The startling CNN poll Across the Hudson River in New Jersey , Democratic Senate candidate Cory Booker name-dropped Cruz during an attack on his GOP opponent Tuesday . ` The Ted Cruz strategy ' And over the past two weeks , strategists working for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee have been carpet-bombing local reporters in Arkansas , Colorado , Georgia , Iowa , Kentucky , Michigan , Montana , North Carolina and West Virginia with statements accusing GOP Senate candidates in those states of supporting "  the Ted Cruz strategy " of political brinksmanship . The Texan also appears in a pair of new television ads about the shutdown from MoveOn.org and Organizing for Action , the White House 's political operation . Washington 's warm bath of celebrity and self-interest Then there 's American Bridge , the well-funded Democratic research group that launched a cheeky website , "  SpeakerCruz.com , " after reports surfaced that the Texas senator was brazenly advising GOP House members from across the Capitol before the shutdown began . The website depicts Cruz telling an anguished Boehner , "  I got it from here , bud . " "  Ted Cruz is a powerful tool for Democrats for the same reasons he 's so popular among the Republican base : he 's perfectly emblematic of where today 's Republican Party is and where it 's headed , " said Chris Harris , a spokesman for American Bridge . "  The tea party loves him for leading the Republican Party into this shutdown , but the vast majority of Americans see it as the disaster it truly is . " Nowhere has this theory been put to the test more than in the Virginia governor 's race , where Cruz chewed up more than a week 's worth of campaign oxygen in the closely watched contest between Republican Ken Cuccinelli and Democrat Terry McAuliffe . Cruz promises Republican victory in shutdown fight After the government lurched toward shutdown last week , Democrats were handed a well-timed gift : Cruz had been previously booked to deliver the keynote address at a conservative gala in Richmond where , as it happened , Cuccinelli was also scheduled to speak . McAuliffe 's campaign cut a television and radio ad binding the two Republicans together , just as the 170,000 Virginians who take home a federal paycheck were bracing for furloughs and service cutbacks . "  Look who 's coming to Virginia this weekend , " a stern-sounding narrator intoned on the radio ad , which was still on the air as of this week . "  Ted Cruz , the Republican senator from Texas who is the leader of the government shutdown . Cruz is coming in to campaign for another radical Republican , Ken Cuccinelli . " The Democratic Party of Virginia launched a similar broadside , blitzing households with robocalls admonishing Cuccinelli . American Bridge got in on the act , too , creating a "  Dump Cruz " petition demanding that Cuccinelli not appear with the Texan . Zelizer : D.C. crisis could jump-start case for reform An uncomfortable position Forget that Cuccinelli , himself a tea party darling , was technically not holding a campaign event with Cruz . The onslaught put Cuccinelli in a vise grip , drowning out his message and putting him in the awkward position of demanding an end to the government stalemate while dodging questions about Cruz 's role in the Beltway drama . When Cuccinelli finally did speak at the Family Foundation dinner on Saturday night , he made only a passing reference to the shutdown and made no mention of Cruz , one of the GOP 's biggest stars who happened to be waiting backstage only a few yards away . He slipped out the Richmond Convention Center in a hurry , well before Cruz took the stage . Aside from surveys that show the shutdown to be deeply unpopular , the blame-it-on-Cruz strategy is , at the moment , more of a safe bet than a poll-tested message . Polls show a vast majority of Americans disapprove of the shutdown , and a CNN/ORC poll on Monday showed Republicans in Congress shouldering slightly more of the blame for the stalemate than Democrats or President Obama . Yet while Americans seem to have clear opinions on the shutdown , Cruz is a much less defined figure . In a poll from Quinnipiac University released last week , almost 60 % of Americans said they did not know enough about Cruz to have an opinion about him . Among those who did , opinions were slightly more negative than positive . Democrats working on the Virginia governor 's race tested Cruz 's name in a focus group with roughly 30 undecided voters race this past weekend , according to a person familiar with the session , which was held in the Washington suburbs where the shutdown 's impact is felt most acutely . According to the source , Cruz was not a well-known personality among the voters . But when the Democratic operatives described Cruz as a tea party leader with a prominent role in the shutdown , and said he was appearing with Cuccinelli at the gala Saturday night , impressions of both men soured among the focus group participants . Some Republican pragmatists , already worried that emboldened conservative hard-liners are tarnishing the party 's brand , acknowledge that Democrats appear to have found a potent weapon in Cruz . David Kochel , a 26-year veteran of Iowa politics who managed Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign in the battleground state , said bluntly that "  swing voters are repelled by Cruz . " Opinion : Will glitches derail Obamacare ? Little personal downside for Cruz But there is little personal downside in the high stakes fight for Cruz , an in-demand figure on the conservative speaking circuit who has designs on the 2016 Republican presidential nomination . Having a Democratic bulls eye on his back only boosts his stature on the right , Kochel argued . "  It 's an interesting strategy that works to the benefit of Democrats who want to attach his brand to the GOP at a time when he 's underwater in approval ratings , but it also works to Cruz 's benefit because it elevates him with the GOP base , " he said . Rick Wilson , a Florida-based Republican strategist , said Cruz is custom-built for today 's political environment , in which political leaders are often rewarded for combat and punished for compromise . "  The base loves him , he 's become the Official Enemy of the Left , and he 's raising major bank , " Wilson said . "  This is the United States of Ambition , and he 's making his bones , fast . " Cruz 's white-hot profile could easily fade in the coming months , well before the 2014 midterm cycle begins in earnest . But the Republican has shown a remarkably canny ability to maneuver his way into the national conversation . As long as Cruz remains in the spotlight , Democrats have plans to use him to their advantage . "  Right now , Ted Cruz and the tea party has become a synonym for the problem , and we 're going to continue to use that against the Republicans who voted with him , " said one national Democratic strategist working on a number of House races . "  How big that will be next year , the verdict is still out on that . " Is shutdown a sorry spectacle or shock treatment ?	Democrats cast Cruz as right wing zealot , hope to hang him around every Republican office-seeker "  We 're more than happy to have a debate with them " over Cruz , Democratic operative says Website depicts Cruz telling an anguished House Speaker Boehner , "  I got it from here , bud " Virginia governor candidate in awkward position , slamming shutdown while appearing with Cruz
Army Maj. Gen. Harold Greene worked his way up the military over 34 years to become a training leader and infrastructure expert in the U.S. effort to heal war-torn Afghanistan , where he was killed Tuesday . His service took him all over the world , and along the way , he earned two master 's degrees in engineering and even a doctorate . Greene was slain when a gunman believed to be an Afghan soldier opened fire at a training facility in Kabul , hitting the general and several others . Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno described Greene and soldiers who were wounded in Tuesday 's attack as "  professionals , committed to the mission " in Afghanistan . "  It is their service and sacrifice that define us as an Army , " Odierno said in statement . Greene was the deputy commander of the Combined Security Transition Command , which is responsible for helping transfer security control in Afghanistan to the Afghans . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said the general was a logistics and infrastructure expert helping to lead training efforts . Throughout his military career , Greene 's focus was using technology to make soldiers ' lives better , retired Maj. Gen. Robert Scales told The Army TImes . "  He had a real sense of what was important , " Scales said . "  Harry was always the one who always understood the tactical needs of the close-combat soldiers . " And Greene was someone who many admired , he said . "  He was just very level , down-to-earth , " Scales told The Army Times . "  It 's just devastating that you 've got this great genius with this incredible reputation and education , and some Islamist wacko comes in and fires a 10-cent bullet and Harry 's life is over . There 's a certain unfairness in life that war brings . " ` Singular ability to display wisdom ' A native of upstate New York , Greene received his commission as an engineer officer after graduating from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1980 , the Army said . He later earned a master 's degree in engineering from that school and another master 's in engineering from the University of Southern California . He also earned a Ph.D. in materials science from USC . After 1980 , he traveled widely and served in posts around the country and the world : Fort Leonard Wood , Missouri ; Fort Monmouth , New Jersey ; Army Aviation and Troop Command in St. Louis , Missouri ; Fort Polk , Louisiana ; Germany ; Athens , Greece ; and Istanbul , Turkey . Greene had served as deputy for acquisition and systems management in the Army 's headquarters in Washington before deploying to Afghanistan , according to an Army website . His prior assignment was the program executive officer leading the group responsible for "  research , development , acquisition , and life cycle management of the Army intelligence , electronic warfare and sensor systems . " When he was promoted to brigadier general in 2009 , Greene earned praise for what one military leader called his "  singular ability to display wisdom . " "  He has the rare abilities to make others better , and that 's something very special too because at the level he 's at right now his ability to inspire others , to show others the way , is so important as well , " Lt. Gen. Stephen M. Speakes said at the time . Greene told people at the ceremony that his success was part of a team effort . ` Get great things done ' "  All I did was try to pull people in the right direction , and they went and did great things . So the reason I 'm up here is not what I did , but what all of you did . I know it was truly you guys and gals that did the work the Army recognized today , and for that I thank you , " he said . "  I was very lucky . I worked with tremendous people , and over the years I was honored to have jobs where I could work with great people and we could get great things done . " In 2011 , Greene gave a farewell speech at the Natick Soldier Systems Center in Massachusetts , where he was the senior commander . "  We 've accomplished a lot , but there is still a lot of work to do , " Greene said , according to a description of his remarks on the Army 's website . He told the audience he wished he could have made more improvements , like replacing windows so more light would come in . "  The one thing I did n't get to : quality of life and facilities , " Greene said . "  I wish I could have stayed longer to continue to do more . The workforce here deserves better . We need to keep working to improve the quality of life for the workforce and the soldiers that are stationed here . " Insider attacks : When Afghan soldiers turns and kill allies	Friend : Maj. Gen. Harold Greene 's focus was improving soldiers ' lives He earned two master 's degrees in engineering and a Ph.D. in materials science Greene was one of the highest-ranked U.S. military service members killed since 9/11 He was an expert in infrastructure improvement and logistics , the Pentagon says
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenyan soldiers , as part of African Union forces in Somalia , captured the key Al-Shabaab-controlled town of Afmadow on Wednesday , according to a Kenyan Defence Force spokesman . "  We now control Afmadow with our troops , " Maj. Emmanuel Chirchir told CNN . The operation started early Wednesday , he said , with KDF forces capturing the town of Hayo . Six Al-Shabaab militants were killed in that operation . "  The troops  then moved straight onto Afmadow , " said Chirchir . Military analysts believe that Afmadow is a key step in Kenya 's campaign against Al-Shabaab , the Islamic militant group they have been fighting since they entered Somalia in October of last year . The town would serve as a staging point for any move on Kismayo , Al-Shabaab 's stronghold in southern Somalia . "  Afmadow is an important administrative town that was supplying Al-Shabaab fighters with money . It was their nerve center , " said Chirchir . "  After the fall of Amfadow there is only Kismayo . " Last week , the African Union Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  said it , along with Somali troops , had launched an offensive against militants in the Afgoye corridor , a densely-populated enclave near the volatile Somali capital of Mogadishu . The corridor , which has been controlled by the al Qaeda-backed Al-Shabaab , is populated with one of the largest populations of internally displaced people . The African Union said the militants have blocked many aid agencies from operating in the area . The campaign was "  going well , " AMISOM spokesman , Lt. Col. Paddy Nkunda said last week . "  Al-Shabaab tried to fight , but they know they are about to lose Afgoye and our soldiers broke through their early resistance . " Al-Shabaab announced in February that it was tightening its ties to al Qaeda . It has long been considered a terrorist movement by the United States . Al-Shabaab has waged an insurgency against Somalia 's feeble Transitional Federal Government since 2007 , but has suffered recent setbacks in its heartland in southern Somalia . AMISOM and government forces drove Al-Shabaab fighters from the center of Mogadishu last year , while Kenyan troops crossed into southern Somalia in October to hit back for a rash of kidnappings it blamed on the group . Despite their efforts , however , Al-Shabaab has continued to launch terror attacks in the capital . In a second operation , 14 Al-Shabaab militants were killed and 10 others injured Tuesday when a Kenyan Defense Forces naval ship engaged with militants at an Al-Shabaab seaport watch station , the KDF said . "  The incident occurred when a KDF naval ship was conducting routine sea patrol in the vicinity of  the  port of Kismayu , " according to a KDF statement . Two on-shore structures were destroyed , officials said . Elsewhere , in Fafadun , 20 Al-Shabaab militants surrendered to KDF , officials said .	Kenyan troops now control Afmadow , an official says The town is considered a key step in the campaign against Al-Shabaab African Union troops last week launched an offensive against the militants
CNN  -- Seven suspected pirates were in the custody of Yemeni authorities early Friday , after they were picked up in the pirate-plagued Gulf of Aden . International warships are now patrolling a vast area off the horn of Africa . The Royal Danish Navy said one of its warships , the HDMS Absalon , rescued the seven men Wednesday after they were found in a powerless skiff with rocket-propelled grenades and AK-47s aboard , navy spokesman Jesper Lynge told CNN . They were found approximately 75 nautical miles  140 kilometers  off the coast of Yemen after a distress call , Lynge said . A reporter on board the HDMS Absalon , Rasmus Tantholt , who works for Denmark 's TV2 , did not dispute the Danish navy 's account . Video from TV2 showing the rescue of the suspected pirates clearly supports the Danish explanation . However , a Yemeni Interior Ministry official offered a different account of events , saying its coast guard rescued the suspected pirates Friday . The official said a coast guard patrol had detected a boat near a port near Balhaf , Yemen , and , believing its activity to be suspicious , chased it down . The coast guard exchanged fire with the men on board the boat , the official said , and the Somali boat overturned . The official said the coast guard rescued the men and took them into custody . Interrogation of the men led officials to suspect that they are Somali pirates . Despite the Yemeni official 's contention , video showed the lone skiff floating helplessly before the Danish sent a small boat to get the men . Once the men were rescued , the Danish navy fired at the skiff , destroying it . Lynge said the men "  had been without propulsion on their small boat for several days without food or drinking water . " After giving the men medical treatment aboard the Absalon , the ship 's crew turned them over to Yemen 's coast guard Friday morning , Tantholt said . The skiff 's small engine was broken , and the Danish vessel sank the boat to prevent any hazard to sea traffic . The men are suspected to be pirates because of the weapons on board , Lynge said . Pirates frequently use small boats to attack commercial vessels with small arms and grenades , but he said the Absalon crew could not connect the men "  directly with another pirate attack in the area . " He said the skiff was found in Yemeni waters , and the Absalon crew was instructed to hand over the men to Yemen 's coast guard . Pirates have seized many ships in recent weeks in the waters of the Gulf of Aden , which separates Yemen from Somalia at the entrance to the Red Sea . So far this year , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off the coast of Somalia and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . A multinational fleet -- including vessels from the United States , other NATO member states , Russia and India -- has been patrolling the Indian Ocean waters in the area . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . CNN 's Katy Byron contributed to this report .	NEW : Video supports Danish navy 's explanation that it rescued men Danish navy says its warship rescued seven men found in powerless skiff It says they were found approximately 75 nautical miles off coast of Yemen Yemen disputes navy 's account , says its coast guard rescued the suspected pirates
CNN  -- The front-page headline put it plainly : "  MURDERERS , " it accused in huge capital letters , trying to capture the national mood in the Netherlands during a time of grief and anger . Below the headline the paper printed a photo of scowling , heavily armed pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine , men who many believe fired the missile that brought down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , with support from Vladimir Putin 's Russia . The Dutch government , to no one 's surprise , is moving much more cautiously than the populist press -- too cautiously , in the opinion of many , who are taking to social media to demand more forceful action , echoing the words of U.S. President Barack Obama , who called Thursday 's disaster "  a wake-up call to Europe . " Not usually known for impulsiveness , the Dutch are demanding that their government respond . No country lost more people on MH17 . That puts the Netherlands in a position of moral leadership in the aftermath of the attack . With nearly 200 Dutch citizens on board , it seems almost everyone in the Netherlands has a connection to a passenger on the plane . In a nation of travelers , everyone feels it could have been them or one of their loved ones . The flags across the country are at half-staff as the magnitude of the loss begins to take shape : An entire family of six wiped away , a leading AIDS researcher , a senator and professor of jurisprudence , a member of parliament along with his wife and daughter -- one son had stayed behind . One of the most prominent among the Dutch victims was Joep Lange , former president of the International AIDS Society , and a pivotal figure for several decades in the fight against AIDS . He played a key role in developing the treatment protocols that helped HIV patients survive and in making treatment affordable for patients around the world . The majority of the passengers of MH17 -- 193 out of 298 -- were Dutch . Who were the victims ? At the crash site , a Dutch journalist posted photos of the horror . "  This probably hurts the most , " he tweeted , showing a picture of an "  I love Amsterdam " T-shirt resting on the debris field . One by one , the people of the Netherlands are hearing the names , learning the stories . One elementary school , St. Willibrord , announced the terrible news on its website : "  Dear parents and guardians , as you may have already heard , the whole Wals family was on the plane that crashed in Ukraine . " Similar announcements are appearing in many villages , in places of work and community centers throughout the country ; pictures of youngsters setting out on vacation are surfacing , along with images of the wreckage from the Ukrainian field , the travel guides , the children 's stuffed toys . Now that the names and faces of the victims are being made public , disbelief is giving way to outrage -- mostly targeted at Russian President Vladimir Putin -- along with frustration that the Dutch government is moving too cautiously because of economic concerns . Russia is the Netherlands ' third-largest trading partner . "  I 'm getting totally sick from the cowardly , spineless focus in business interest , " said one online comment . Others , online and in private conversations , offered specific , practical ideas about how to respond . One suggested expelling the Russian ambassador . Someone else said the crash area should be secured by an international military force while investigators , Dutch and others , do their work . A Dutch physician who was a classmate of Lange , the AIDS researcher , told me she blames Putin for his role in backing the separatists : "  All diplomatic ties with Russia should be suspended until he has been brought to justice . ... This would not have happened if it were n't for him . " This , she said , "  is our 9/11 . " Another , skeptical of her country 's ability or willingness to act , said nothing will be done unless the U.S. takes the lead . Russia has been stirring trouble in Ukraine -- inside Europe -- for many months . Some of us have warned that things would get much worse and suggested economic trip wires , escalating sanctions that will go into effect if Russia makes more military moves . But Putin 's bullying tactics have successfully instilled fear of retaliation , particularly in parts of Europe that use Russian gas to stay warm in the winter . The shooting down of a passenger airliner may now , finally , change the calculus . If this does n't , what will ? The Netherlands is not yet ready to indict the Russian president or the militias he supports , the separatist forces in eastern Ukraine . But Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte is growing visibly impatient with Putin , and he is undoubtedly feeling domestic pressure . Opinion : How MH17 disaster backs Russia 's Putin into a corner On Friday he vowed to find and punish the perpetrators . On Saturday , British Prime Minister David Cameron said he and Rutte had agreed it 's time to reconsider Europe 's relations to Russia . Later , Rutte -- clearly irritated with restrictions on access to the crash site and the "  utterly disrespectful behavior " of the gunmen controlling the area -- said he had "  an extremely intensive " talk with Putin , warning that time was running out for the Russian president to show he is trying to help . Each one of the 193 Dutch dead , as well as the 43 Malaysians , 28 Australians , and every single person who died in this atrocity , is a tragedy that shakes their families and their communities . It 's a chilling reminder that global politics intersects with human lives , and can do so when and where we least expect it . The disaster puts the Netherlands in a position that goes against its instincts , but one that it can not avoid . The Dutch are not warmongers . They are consensus-builders , methodical , averse to impulsiveness . The Netherlands has long hosted many international institutions . The city of The Hague is synonymous with international justice . Dutch cells hold war criminals on behalf of the international community , and courtrooms in the Netherlands are the scene of legal dramas over historic misdeeds . Surely , the Dutch Prime Minister would feel more comfortable following someone else 's lead , voting along with other countries in some international body to condemn someone "  in the strongest terms . " But strong words and front page headlines are not enough when 298 civilians are killed in a passenger plane . This time , the Netherlands stands at the center of an affront against the civilized world . This time , the people of the Netherlands are demanding that their country stand up and acknowledge its role to fulfill . This time , the Netherlands has to lead -- and the rest of the world should urge it to set a course of firm action .	Nearly 200 of the MH17 victims are from the Netherlands Frida Ghitis : Anger is growing against the pro-Russian separatists She says the Dutch resist impulsiveness , believe in international cooperation Ghitis : Now is the time for Dutch government to lead and press for justice
CNN  -- He 's back -- Lionel Messi returned to action with his customary goal spree following a 59-day absence as Barcelona crushed Getafe 4-0 Wednesday . Messi , who has been sidelined since November 10 with a torn hamstring , scored twice during a cameo appearance in the second half of the Spanish Cup tie . The Argentine , who had scored 14 times in 16 appearances before his goals at the Camp Nou , has endured a frustrating season with injuries . But he gave a brief indication of his return to fitness with a fine second individual effort . Messi 's two goals came after Cesc Fabregas had also scored twice as Barcelona took control of the last-16 contest . The 26-year-old , who has been named World Footballer of the Year in each of the previous four years , is hoping to retain the Ballon D'Or on January 13 . He faces strong competition from Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo and Bayern Munich 's Franck Ribery . Alonso Meanwhile , Real Madrid midfielder Xabi Alonso ended speculation surrounding his future by signing a new two-year deal . The 32-year-old , whose contract was set to expire in June , was reportedly courting interest from a whole host of top European clubs . "  This will continue to be my home for two more years . I am very happy to tell you . Come on Madrid ! " he posted on his official Twitter account , alongside a photo of the Santiago Bernabeu . "  Real Madrid can announce the extension of Xabi Alonso 's contract , that will keep him tied to the club for two more years until June 30 , 2016 , " the club added in a statement on their website . City slickers Elsewhere , Manchester City cruised to a 6-0 victory over a woeful West Ham . City has won all 10 of its Premier League home games this season and has scored 92 goals in its 31 games so far . While Manchester United continues to struggle under David Moyes , City is playing with a style and swagger which its rival could only dream of . Alvaro Negredo scored a classy hat-trick , while Edin Dzeko scored twice following Yaya Toure 's effort . West Ham , which was beaten 5-0 last weekend by Championship side Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup , was blown away in emphatic fashion . "  It 's not easy to win 5-0 at home against another Premier League team , " Dzeko told Sky Sports . "  We still have to play away and this 5-0 - or 6-0 , in the end - will give us the confidence for the second leg . " The two teams will meet in the second leg at Upton Park on January 21 .	Lionel Messi returns to action following injury Messi appeared as second half substitute in win over Getafe Xabi Alonso signs new Real Madrid deal Manchester City defeated West Ham 5-0 in League Cup
CNN  -- A former professional football player and his ex-girlfriend have been charged in the killing of her wealthy boyfriend for money , a breakthrough in a cold case dating to 1994 . Eric Naposki , a former football player , has been charged in the killing of an ex-lover 's boyfriend . Eric Naposki and Nanette Packard McNeal face the possibility of life sentences over the shooting of Bill McLaughlin , according to the Orange County , California , district attorney . Authorities said Packard McNeal persuaded her ex-boyfriend to kill McLaughlin so she could claim a $ 1 million life insurance policy , inherit $ 150,000 and get the right to live in his beach house for a year . She gave Naposki a key to McLaughlin 's house and information about when he would be home , officials said Wednesday . Naposki shot the victim six times , then went to work at a nearby nightclub where he was a bouncer , according to authorities . Packard McNeal met McLaughlin after she ran a personal ad that said , "  I know how to take care of my man if he knows how to take care of me , " the district attorney said in a statement . He supported her financially when they were dating and bought her a beach house , authorities said . Packard McNeal has been jailed once for writing checks to herself from McLaughlin 's account without his knowledge , including a $ 250,000 check on the day he was killed . She pleaded guilty to that crime in 1996 and was jailed for a year . The Orange County officials said new evidence prompted the arrests of the two suspects , who were charged with special circumstances murder for financial gain . Packard McNeal is due to appear in court Friday . Naposki was arrested in Connecticut , where he lives . Orange County authorities have asked that he be sent to California to face trial . Naposki , 42 , played in the NFL for the New England Patriots and the Indianapolis Colts .	Former player Eric Naposki and Nanette Packard McNeal could face life sentences DA says Packard McNeal persuaded Naposki to kill her wealthy boyfriend Motive was money , authorities say : $ 1 million insurance policy and $ 150,000 in will She 's due in court Friday ; Naposki may be sent to California from Connecticut
CNN  -- Who 'd be a referee ? When the crowd are n't getting on your back you 've got the players acting up or giving you an earful . So if someone described your refereeing as "  the best , " you could be forgiven for feeling a small surge of pride . But when the person praising you has been called the world 's most notorious match fixer , then it 's time to show yourself a red card . Wilson Raj Perumal says he corrupted many football players and officials during a long criminal career , but there is one person who stands out from the crowd . His name was Ibrahim Chaibou , a referee from Niger . "  He was the best , he was the best , but not from FIFA 's point of view , " Perumal told CNN during a wide-ranging television interview about his match-fixing days . Perfect partner The Singaporean , who is now helping European police with match-fixing investigations , claims to have rigged the results of up to 100 matches over a 20-year period , boasting of a 70-80 % success rate . Chaibou , who he describes as "  very bold , " became one of his favourite match officials . According to Perumal , the referee 's first match fix was an international friendly between South Africa and Guatemala in May 2010 -- one of several warm-up matches played ahead of the 2010 World Cup which the Rainbow Nation hosted . Watching highlights of the game on YouTube , Perumal gives a running commentary on the major incidents . "  It 's crazy , " Perumal says as Chaibou awards South Africa a penalty kick . The quality of the footage is poor , but the fixer knows what happened . "  This is not a penalty . The offence took place outside the box , " he says . The man from Niger is allegedly at it again in the second half , this time awarding Guatemala a penalty for a handball . Replays show the ball striking a South African player 's chest . Chaibou awarded three penalties in all during the match and , according to Perumal , fulfilled his task of overseeing a high-scoring fixture . The game finished 5-0 to South Africa . "  We paid him very good money , " Perumal says . Elaborate scheme Perumal says getting Chaibou onto the pitch was the result of an elaborate scheme where the match-fixer used his now-defunct company ` Football 4 U International ' to target the South African Football Association  SAFA  . "  I had this idea to influence the warm-up games without the knowledge of the association concerned . "  So I remember writing a formal letter to the association requesting that my company ` Football 4 U ' supply referees from Africa at our expense , " Perumal explains . Supplying referees in this way is a breach of FIFA rules , but Perumal 's idea was accepted . "  It is clear that the convicted criminal and football match-fixer , Wilson Raj Perumal , was involved in convincing SAFA to agree to a company then managed by him -LSB- Football4U -RSB- to select , fund and appoint referees , " said a FIFA statement in March 2012 . FIFA also had act over a mini tournament in Antalya , Turkey in February 2011 . Fixers at an Asian-based syndicate approached the Football Associations of Bolivia , Bulgaria , Latvia and Estonia inviting them to an all-expenses paid event . But they were all duped , because the referees had allegedly been paid to fix the results . Terry Steans , a FIFA investigator between 2010 and 2012 , recalls the set up . "  It involved four international teams and an empty stadium , no ticket sales and yet the game was  open  for betting , " Steans explains . "  I sat and watched match fixers with a briefcase full of cash to pay the referees . " Seven goals were scored in the two matches played -- all of them from the penalty spot . "  I think that 's the most shocking for me to see a fixing syndicate in total control of two international friendlies , played in the same stadium to no crowd at all . It 's eerie , absolutely eerie , " Steans said . FIFA handed down life bans for the six match officials who Perumal says were targeted by his former associates in Singapore . Paying the penalty Perumal insists he was n't involved in the Turkey scandal -- one of the most notorious and brazen match fixes of recent times -- but his fingerprints were clearly all over the warm-up matches in South Africa . A FIFA report , seen by CNN , concluded that the match involving Chaibou was "  manipulated for betting fraud purposes " and noted that "  several SAFA members were either easily duped or extremely foolish " when organizing the games . Chaibou continued officiating into 2011 , notably taking charge of an international friendly match between Nigeria and Argentina in Abuja in June that year . Nigeria played a match against a second-string Argentina side -- a surprising detail in itself , but what caught the eye was how the match ended . When 90 minutes of regulation play was over , Nigeria was leading 4-0 . Four or five minutes were due to be added for injury time , but the score remained the same . Chaibou kept the match going . In the 98th minute he awarded a penalty to Argentina for a handball that replays show never happened . Argentina converted the penalty and the match ended 4-1 . Analysis of betting patterns by FIFA revealed a surge in bets for a fifth goal to be scored . Chaibou , who retired from refereeing before FIFA could take disciplinary action , denies fixing matches , but is n't saying much more . When contacted by CNN , the former referee said : "  I have put an end to my career and everything is finished . " He added : "  What is past is past . " For what it 's worth , Perumal thinks referees should be paid more . "  They get about $ 1,000 or maybe $ 1,500  per game  which is very small money . In my opinion , FIFA should pay them a lot more or they should start to professionalize this officiating . " When asked about the payment of referees , FIFA told CNN : "  Corruption does not depend on how much you are paid , but instead , and above all , honesty and values of the individual . " Steans says the time may have come to protect referees from the fixers . "  When you 're on your own it 's very difficult to turn down two or three guys that are pressuring you , " he says . "  It 's the easiest thing in the world to write a manual and say this is how you should react . In the real world , it 's a difficult thing in isolation to do for a referee . So they 're vulnerable and I feel they 'd need more protection . " Read more : The man who fixed football matches Read more : How much of a fix is football in ?	Convicted match fixer , Wilson Raj Perumal says a referee from Niger was "  the best " Ibrahim Chaibou officiated in a World Cup warm-up awarding dubious penalties Asia-based syndicate famously bribed referees for a mini-tournament in Turkey in 2011 Former FIFA investigator says referees may need more protection against match fixers
CNN  -- A dark car parks in front of a residence in Tripoli , Libya . Immediately , a white van stops next to it . Men leap from the van and point guns at the car . They yank open the car doors , pull a man out and shove him into the van . The van speeds away . In less than 30 seconds , the United States had taken suspected al Qaeda member Anas al-Libi into custody . Dramatic security camera video published Monday in the Washington Post shows U.S. commandos capturing al-Libi last October . Al-Libi is a top terror suspect . He 's accused of playing a key role in the August 7 , 1998 , bombings of American embassies in Nairobi , Kenya , and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , which killed more than 200 people and wounded about 5,000 . The video was shot from a vantage point above al-Libi 's family home in Tripoli . The family tells CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh the video is genuine and was recorded on the family 's home security system . The capture was executed with lightning speed . Digital time on the video shows only half a minute passing between when al-Libi 's car stops and the departure of the white van . As the commandos leave , al-Libi 's car rolls forward and out of frame , apparently because he did n't have time to put it in park . Later images show members of the family reacting , running downstairs to the street . The video was provided only to al-Libi 's U.S. lawyers , the family said . Karadsheh and CNN 's Nic Robertson , who both visited the location , said the video is consistent with the street outside the family home . Al-Libi , 49 , is now being held in New York . He was indicted in 2001 by the federal court in the Southern District of New York on charges of conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals , murder , destruction of American buildings and government property and destruction of national defense utilities of the United States . His wife said he was no longer a member of al Qaeda , had been living a normal life and was seeking a job with the Libyan oil ministry . On October 5 , the day of the capture , a team of U.S. Navy SEALs in southern Somalia targeted the top leader of Al-Shabaab , which was behind the mall attack in Kenya in September . The SEALs came under fire and had to withdraw before they could confirm whether they killed their target , a senior U.S. official said . Al Libi trial , Libya and al Qaeda : What you wo n't hear in court	Video shows U.S. commandos pulling suspect from his car Anas al-Libi is put into a white van and driven away He 's accused in the deadly bombing of two U.S. embassies in Africa Al-Libi is now being held in New York on conspiracy , murder charges
CNN  -- Curtis Flowers has stood before five juries in the past 13 years on capital murder charges , accused of killing four people in a Mississippi furniture store . Now , prosecutors are hoping his sixth trial will be the last . Flowers , 40 , is believed to be the only person in recent U.S. history to be tried six times on the same capital murder charges . His trial began last week in Montgomery County Circuit Court in downtown Winona , just a few blocks from the furniture store where four people were shot to death nearly 14 years ago . Bertha Tardy , the owner of Tardy 's Furniture , and three employees were shot execution-style in the head the morning of July 16 , 1996 , inside the store , court records say . The shootings rattled the sleepy central Mississippi town , with a population of about 5,500 that has declined in the 14 years since then . Like most of the businesses still operating in downtown Winona , Tardy 's was a relic of another era , having opened its doors in the 1940s . Bertha Tardy and her husband were prominent members of the community , and nearly everyone in Winona could claim some connection to the victims . After months of interviews and a $ 30,000 reward for information , Flowers was arrested in January 1997 on four counts of capital murder . He has been in custody ever since . Flowers has been convicted three times and sentenced to death twice , but the Mississippi Supreme Court reversed those verdicts and ordered a new trial each time . His two most recent trials ended in hung juries , leading his supporters to question why the Montgomery County District Attorney 's Office continues to seek a conviction . The prosecution 's case is based largely on circumstantial evidence . There is no DNA , the alleged murder weapon has not been found and eyewitnesses who say they saw Flowers the day of the shooting have provided conflicting accounts . Still , Montgomery County District Attorney Doug Evans says it 's a straightforward case of a disgruntled worker taking out his anger against his former employer . Others , who believe Flowers is innocent , say the case has turned into a crusade and suggest that race has played a major role in the prosecution and convictions of Flowers . "  The fact they 're trying this case for the sixth time suggests to me there 's some racial motivation here , because there 's no way in the world I can see a white guy accused of doing the same thing being tried six times to procure a conviction , " said Jackson City Councilman Chokwe Lumumba , who represented Flowers in his second trial in 1999 . Flowers ' supporters say it is a classic example of a case built upon weak circumstantial evidence and shaky eyewitness testimony intended to blame an easy target : a poor black man . "  What does it say about the prosecution that they have chosen to ignore two jury verdicts ? " said Alan Bean , executive director of Friends of Justice , a nonprofit organization that monitors due process violations in the criminal justice system . "  I really think the only way to save Winona from this nightmare is to force the Montgomery County district attorney to step aside and appoint the attorney general 's office . If you did that , I am convinced you would n't see the prosecution of Curtis Flowers , because the evidence just is n't there . " To Evans , though , Flowers ' prosecution is about seeking justice for the victims and bringing closure to the community . "  Any time that we feel there is evidence to prove a case , we 're going to pursue it , " said Evans , who tried the five previous cases and will lead the prosecution this time . Evans declined to elaborate on lessons learned from the previous trials or to say if his strategy will be different this time around , but he said the two hung juries did not affect his decision to try Flowers again . "  Any case that 's on the docket I want to try and dispose of it , " he said . Evans and Flowers ' current lawyer , Ray Carter , said they expected much of the evidence to be the same this go-round as it has been in previous trials . In all five trials , Sam Jones , an employee of Tardy 's since it opened in 1942 , testified that Bertha Tardy called him around 9 a.m. on July 16 about coming in to train two new employees . When Jones arrived at the store around 9:30 a.m. , he discovered the bodies of Tardy , bookkeeper Carmen Rigby and Robert Golden lying near the counter in pools of blood . Nearby , Jones saw 16-year-old Derrick "  Bobo " Stewart on the floor , blood pouring from his head with each labored breath . He died a week later . Prosecutors allege that Flowers , a former employee , stole a gun from his uncle 's car and shot Tardy because she had fired him two weeks before the killings and docked his pay for damaging a pair of batteries . He allegedly shot the others to eliminate witnesses , and then took money from the cash register , which elevated the offense to capital murder and made him eligible for the death penalty . The .380 - caliber pistol used in the shootings has not been found , but investigators matched bullets at the scene to shell casings from the gun owned by Flowers ' uncle , which has also not been recovered . Another witness who came forward months after the shooting and said she saw Flowers "  leaning " on his uncle 's car around 7:15 a.m. the day of shootings . The same day , his uncle , Doyle Simpson , reported that a gun had been stolen from his car . A neighbor said she saw Flowers around 7:30 a.m. outside his home wearing Fila sneakers . Another witness testified that he saw two men standing across the street from Tardy 's around 10 a.m. , and that one of them was Flowers . Another woman said she saw Flowers running out of the store the morning of the shootings while she was driving toward the store with a friend . A trace analyst expert determined that a bloody footprint at the scene came from a size 10.5 Grant Hill Fila sneaker ; investigators found a shoebox for a 10.5 Grant Hill Fila at the home where Flowers lived with his girlfriend , but found no sneakers . The three different teams of lawyers to represent Flowers have argued that witnesses who said they saw him that morning came forward with shaky stories months after the shootings , enticed by a $ 30,000 reward . They also said prosecutors failed to conclusively link Flowers to the weapon or the crime scene through the bloody footprint , and questioned whether the evidence proved that money was taken from the cash register . "  The reward offer really poisoned the case by giving rise to fabricated eyewitness testimony , " said defense lawyer Lumumba . "  I do n't think the witnesses recognized the consequences of what they were doing , that they were going to help put this man to death . " In Flowers ' second through fifth trials , the defense called witnesses to dispute eyewitness accounts of the woman who said she saw Flowers running out of the store . Prosecutors at first attempted to try Flowers separately for each murder , but the first two convictions were reversed after the Mississippi Supreme Court found that evidence of the other deaths was improperly introduced . The court found that prosecutors used excessive displays of crime scene photos and testimony regarding the nature of the other deaths . "  By using this tactic or trial strategy , the state improperly prejudiced the jury and denied Flowers his fundamental right to a fair trial , " the justices wrote in two nearly identical opinions issued in 2000 and 2003 . The third trial in 2004 also ended in a conviction that was later reversed after the state Supreme Court ruled that prosecutors dismissed black jurors based on race , fueling allegations of racial bias against the district attorney 's office . In the case of one black female whom the prosecution voted to dismiss because of her attitude toward the death penalty , the court noted that her views "  were nearly indistinguishable from those of two white jurors who ultimately served on the jury , suggesting disparate treatment . " The next two trials -- Flowers 4 and 5 , as they are called by the lawyers who tried them -- ended in hung juries after the panelists failed to reach a unanimous decision . The first jury was split along racial lines , with five black jurors voting to acquit and seven white jurors choosing to convict . The lone black juror on the panel in the fifth trial , who voted to acquit Flowers , was charged with perjury , but the charges were ultimately dismissed . Flowers ' supporters say the first three convictions and the racial divides in the last two trials can be attributed to the racist attitudes that still prevail in Mississippi , especially when a low-income black person is accused of killing a prominent white member of the community . Tardy and two of the other victims were white ; the fourth victim was black . "  I 'm not accusing white jurors of overt racial prejudice -- maybe some racial insensitivity -- but I think the real problem is they do n't have enough social knowledge to evaluate the credibility of testimony and I think black jurors do , and that 's what disturbs me about this tendency to eliminate black jurors and to disregard the black jurors ' verdicts , " said Bean . There will be a few differences in the sixth trial . Among them , the absence of two jailhouse informants from Flowers 1 , who testified that the defendant admitted to the shootings . The two later admitted to lying under promises of monetary reward from law enforcement , according to Lumumba . Another difference involves the testimony of Charles "  Porky " Collins , the man who said he saw Flowers across the street from the store around 10 a.m. with another man . It will be read to the jury , because Collins is dead . Bean , who plans to observe the trial , said he is especially looking forward to the jury selection phase , in which prospective jurors are questioned on their beliefs . "  The racial dynamics are right there on the surface . There 's no pretense of equal justice , so I 'm hoping this story can be instructive in that regard , whatever the outcome may be . "	Curtis Flowers is accused of shooting and killing former employer , 3 others in 1996 Three convictions reversed due to prosecutorial misconduct , racial bias in jury selection Two more trials ended in hung juries that split along racial lines Montgomery County District Attorney says evidence is there to convict Flowers
CNN  -- Severe winter weather was creating Christmas week travel headaches across the country Monday , canceling flights and closing major highways . Traffic backs up Monday on a Chicago , Illinois-area highway after an early-morning accident . Air travelers heading for three major East Coast airports -- Newark-Liberty International Airport in New Jersey and John F. Kennedy International Airport and LaGuardia Airport in New York -- faced delays of almost two hours on Monday , the FAA said . More than 130 miles of the New York State Thruway were shut down for a time Monday morning from Henrietta , near Rochester , to the Pennsylvania state line . Dozens of vehicles slid off the icy roadway , CNN affiliate WIVB-TV in Buffalo , New York , reported . Even after the highway was reopened , officials warned of icy pavement and poor visibility from blowing snow . See the scenes of winter across the U.S. " According to the National Weather Service , Buffalo got a record 7.4 inches of snow on Sunday , and several more inches were in the forecast for Monday , the first full day of winter . Police agencies in western New York were advising motorists not to leave home . Two New York towns , Wales and Lancaster , banned travel altogether , WIVB reported . iReport.com : What 's it like where you are ? Schools were closed Monday in Boston , Massachusetts , as icy roadways prevented buses from operating , CNN affiliate WCVB-TV reported . On the other side of the country , long lines formed before dawn Monday at airline counters at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport , where two major carriers , Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air , suspended service Sunday . The Federal Aviation Administration was reporting no delays at the airport Monday afternoon , but Alaska and Horizon said they would only resume limited operations . Some travelers may have to wait until midweek or later to get flights out of the airport , CNN affiliate KOMO-TV reported . Supplies were running low at airport concessions for those enduring the wait , the Seattle station said . To the south , travelers also spent the night in the Portland , Oregon , airport after airlines canceled many flights on Sunday . Airlines canceled more than 100 flights at Portland International Airport on Monday , CNN affiliate KATU-TV reported . Watch a roundup of the worst winter weather " More than 11 inches of snow was on the ground Monday morning in Portland , CNN affiliate KGW-TV reported , an amount not seen since 1968 . Vehicles on all Portland roads were required to have snow chains , KGW said , but drivers were advised to stay off roads completely . Seattle 's Amtrak station also was packed with stranded holiday travelers after the winter storm stopped trains in their tracks Sunday in the Pacific Northwest . Watch driving woes in Walla Walla , Washington " In Marysville , Washington , workers at an industrial complex Monday morning found the roof of a building there had collapsed , apparently because of heavy snow , according to CNN affiliate KIRO-TV . The structure is used by a company that manufactures steel buildings ; no injuries were reported . The icy cold in Indianapolis , Indiana , likely caused water pipes to burst at Martin University early Monday , officials told CNN affiliate WRTV-TV . "  We had just installed brand new computers in the building , and so we 're really just still trying to assess the damages to the university , " university spokeswoman Danita Hoskin told WRTV . It was 2 degrees , with a wind chill of minus 17 degrees , at 7 a.m. Monday in Indianapolis , according to the National Weather Service . In Greene County , Ohio , near Dayton , a 79-year-old woman died after being found outside her home on Sunday , CNN affiliate WHIO-TV reported . It was 6 degrees in the area at noon Monday . Car travel was often dangerous Sunday in parts of the northern United States . In Mount Pleasant , Wisconsin , a newspaper deliveryman died of heart failure caused by hypothermia a day after his car became stuck in a snowdrift on his route early Sunday , officials told CNN affiliate WISC-TV . A snowplow driver found Donald L. Blum , 54 , of Monticello , about seven hours after Blum 's car became stuck . Blum was taken to a hospital , where he died Monday , WISC reported . Before he died , he told authorities that he had stayed with the vehicle because of the severe weather and because he had certain health conditions , WISC reported . In western Michigan 's Berrien County , drivers blinded by blizzard conditions drove into a 30-vehicle pile-up on Interstate 94 on Sunday afternoon . Dozens of other vehicles also were involved in a series of other nearby wrecks , including one that killed a 31-year-old Illinois man , police said . Michigan resident Eric Teschke said he had just told his friend who was driving that they should probably slow down when trouble began . "  I look up and I just see a sea of cars and I go , ` Oh , crap , oh , crap . ' And I just go ` We ca n't stop , ' " Teschke said . "  So we 're sliding for about 15 seconds , knowing what 's going to happen . Bam , slam into the back of several cars and a semi . " Michigan State Police 's Matthew Churchill said it was the worst pile-up he 's ever seen . "  Vehicles were actually crashing right in front of us , and there was really nothing we could do except to try to stay out of the way and try to get to the people and keep them in their vehicles where they could be safe , " Churchill said . White-out conditions and the pile-ups forced police to shut down a six-mile stretch of I-94 near Lake Michigan for hours Sunday afternoon . Watch people cope with the wintry blast " Many Californians , however , welcomed the snowfall that blanketed the Sierra Mountains . "  We 're Southern Californians , so a chance to be in the snow is a wonderful , wonderful day for the kids , " said one mother as she waited for snow chains to be fitted on her tires for a day trip into the mountains Sunday . Even more heavy snow will be dumped Monday on the Great Lakes region , New York state and New England , said forecaster Michael Eckert with the National Weather Service in Camp Springs , Maryland . The wind and cold will add to the misery of those who are snowbound , he said . "  Some gusts have been 30 to 40 mph , " Eckert said . "  Temperatures over the upper Great Lakes have fallen below zero , and those cold temperatures are going to move to New England states on Monday . We 'll see wind-chill temperatures below zero over much of the Northeastern U.S. " In Illinois , Chicagoans were warned to stay inside as subzero temperatures and high winds continued to sweep the area , WGN said . About 9,300 customers in northern Illinois were without power Sunday night . It was so cold in Minneapolis-St . Paul , Minnesota , the Target Holidazzle Parade was canceled Sunday night because of dangerous wind chills , KARE-TV reported . By Christmas Eve , the high is forecast to reach only 16 degrees , but with mostly sunny skies . CNNRadio 's Patty Lane contributed to this report .	Woman freezes outside of Ohio home , TV station says Delays of almost two hours reported at Newark , New Jersey , airport More than 11 inches of snow on ground in Portland , Oregon , CNN affiliate reports Broken water pipes cause damage at an Indiana university
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Exiled Tibetan lawmakers are set to hold a historic debate on the Dalai Lama 's offer to shed his political role , the speaker of their parliament said Monday . The statement came after the speaker read to the legislators the spiritual leader 's proposals to accord greater powers to their elected representatives . "  The essence of a democratic system is , in short , the assumption of political responsibility by elected leaders for the popular good . In order for our process of democratization to be complete , the time has come for me to devolve my formal authority to such an elected leadership , " the Dalai Lama said in his message to Tibet 's parliament-in-exile , which is meeting at Dharamsala , India . "  The general lack of experience and political maturity in our democratic institutions has prevented us from doing this earlier , " he added . Penpa Tsering , the speaker of the exile unicameral chamber , told CNN that its lawmakers would now debate the Dalai Lama 's motion . "  We should get a sense of the house by tomorrow  Tuesday  afternoon , " he said . The assembly , he explained , will primarily have three options -- accept all his proposals , reject them completely or recommend what he called a middle course by giving more executive powers to the elected leadership of Tibet exiles . In case the lawmakers agree to the Dalai Lama 's proposals in totality , they will be required to set up a special drafting committee to amend their present constitution or the charter , he said . The whole process then may take months , possibly beyond the next session slated for June , Tsering added . "  But to me , the first option  of accepting all his proposals  seems difficult , " the speaker cautioned . "  This will have many ramifications , including those related to the Dalai Lama-led dialogue with China . " According to Tsering , the Dalai Lama could be requested to retain political leadership of the community while devolving his ceremonial powers into elected representatives as a middle ground . In his message , the Tibetan community 's global figurehead cited democracy as a key means to the success of his movement . "  No system of governance can ensure stability and progress if it depends solely on one person without the support and participation of the people in the political process . One man rule is both anachronistic and undesirable . "  We have made great efforts to strengthen our democratic institutions to serve the long-term interests of the six million Tibetans , not out of a wish to copy others , but because democracy is the most representative system of governance , " he wrote . The final vote for a new prime minister of his government-in-exile is due on March 20 . The Dalai Lama fled China 52 years ago on March 10 , 1959 , after a failed uprising . The exile group is headquartered in Dharamsala . He told CNN in October that he would like to retire at some point . "  I 'm also a human being . ... Retirement is also my right , " he said while on a speaking tour of North America . Without saying exactly when , he said , "  Sooner or later , I have to go . I 'm over 75 , so next 10 years , next 20 years , one day I will go . "	Parliament will consider Dalai Lama 's plan to shed his political role The lawmakers can accept , reject , or amend the proposal The speaker of the lawmakers-in-exile says it will be difficult to accept the plan as written
CNN  -- Behold the power of the teeny , tiny camcorder . With the push of a button , we 've got real-time recordings of clashes with riot police in Egypt , chaotic protest scenes in Libya , totally adorable kitties and rambling , real-life mumblecore scenes of everybody sipping Tecate and listening to that new YACHT album on Spencer 's porch . That 's right , documenting life on video is easier than ever , and rolling cameras are preserving moments that otherwise would have been lost . Recently , a young acquaintance passed away , and her friends scoured their hard drives , sending her parents iPhone and Flip cam clips of her goofing around or vacationing or just hanging with friends . Those vids captured moments snapshots never could -- movement , gestures , body language , voice . Would her clique have had so many clips to choose from 20 years ago , when personal video recording involved bulky cameras and tapes ? Certainly not . Thank you , Digital Age . YouTube , the original platform for anyone with Internet service and a penchant for hitting the record button , recently hit 3 billion daily views , proof positive of our need to film and screen . "  Watching the Watchers , " an awesome article in the current issue  that 's print , not online  of Wired , notes the ubiquity of cameras . It said roving cameras have turned citizens -- the ones whom ol' Orwell worried would be constantly in Big Brother 's view -- into watchdogs who capture and bring to light shadowy instances of police brutality , for example . But the writer , Clive Thompson , also admits that when he wore an ear-mounted camera for a day , he unnerved the crap out of everyone he encountered . So , two takeaways here : One , become that wannabe videographer who uses the video function on her phone/tablet/etc . because videos shared over social networks have power , either for nostalgic or citizen journalism purposes . And two , when filming your friends in particular , do n't be a complete jerk about it . Here are a few things to keep in mind before pressing the big red record button . Be transparent Raise your hand if this has ever happened to you : You 're mugging in front of what you assume is a still camera for something like 30 seconds , wondering why the cameraman has n't pressed the shutter , only to learn the device is on video and you 've been captured posing like a fool and intermittently hissing "  Did you take it ? " through your teeth . Do n't be sneaky . Announce you 're taking a video , let everyone get their awkward hand waves out of the way , and then keep rolling as the gang relaxes and the action unfolds . Announce your intentions for the vid -- and stick with them Are you going to post this to Facebook unedited ? E-mail it to the present parties only ? Capture a few hours and then edit it into a five-minute review of the trip to be shared with friends and family ? Whatever you decide , give everyone the heads-up from the get-go so that people can muzzle their potty mouths , hide the booze or toss cover-ups over their two-pieces accordingly . Or , you know , rearrange the magazines on their coffee table so they 're heavier on the so-hip ` zines and lighter on the embarrassing weight-loss glossies . Remember , anything posted online can  and probably will  come back to haunt you . Stand still and let people come into the frame This is a technical tip as well as a social one . Nothing screams amateurish  not to mention nauseating  like a camera whipping around from subject to subject at breakneck speed . Pointing your camera one way and letting subjects step into the spotlight gives them a bit more control and prevents the results from looking like they were shot by a caffeinated monkey with spontaneous arm spasms . After all , popping some Dramamine should n't be a prerequisite to watching your posted masterpiece .	Thanks to smartphones and Flip cameras , shooting  and posting  video is easier than ever Be thoughtful and give everyone the heads-up before you start filming Nothing screams amateurish like a camera whipping from subject to subject
CNN  -- Egypt 's factions must find a way to bridge their differences and pave the way for a political solution that involves all sides if the country is to leave its current chaos behind , the European Union 's top diplomat said Tuesday . "  Only an inclusive process will work , " EU High Commissioner for Foreign Affairs Catherine Ashton told reporters Tuesday after visiting with the country 's deposed president , current leaders , Muslim Brotherhood members and others during a brief trip . "  And though I recognize that is challenging , it is really important to begin now , " she said . Egypt has suffered from sporadic violence since the July 3 military coup that removed President Mohamed Morsy from power on the heels of mass protests against his rule . He is being held at an undisclosed military facility on a variety of criminal charges . Most recently , violent clashes between security forces and protesters in Cairo on Saturday left dozens of Morsy supporters dead , and officials have threatened to disband a sit-in of the former president 's supporters -- an act that could spur yet more bloodshed . Several Egyptian human rights groups demanded in a statement released Tuesday that Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim resign over the Saturday incident and demanded that government forces refrain from further violence . "  The Egyptian security forces ' recurrent use of excessive , lethal violence in the face of political protest will only exacerbate the political ills that led Egyptian society to rebel against the policies of Mubarak , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  SCAF  , and the Muslim Brotherhood , " according to the statement , which was signed by 10 human rights , womens ' and legal organizations . From CNN correspondent : Egypt 's revolution of the mind Speaking at a news conference with Ashton , Vice President Mohamed ElBaradei said he agrees with Ashton 's call for a non-violent approach that includes the Muslim Brotherhood and other groups in a political solution . "  I want to emphasize again that our immediate priority , as we shared with Lady Ashton , is to stop violence in all its forms and shapes and try every possible way to find a peaceful solution , " he told reporters . "  Violence is not a solution . It opens new wounds . It does n't heal old wounds . " Muslim Brotherhood officials said on the group 's website that they will continue protesting until Morsy is restored to office . Opinion : Why the Muslim Brotherhood ca n't back down Speaking to the possibility that security forces could clear a Cairo square where some Morsy supporters are staging a sit-in , ElBaradei said preparation must proceed for both a political resolution and one in which security forces are called in to end the situation . "  The political resolution has the priority , and I wish there will be political resolution before the security one , " he said . Ashton , who has previously criticized Morsy 's forced ouster , said in an earlier interview with CNN that Egyptian officials should release political prisoners and that all sides should rein in violence . But , in the news conference , ElBaradei noted Morsy is facing charges , echoing Prime Minister Hazem El-Beblawi 's statement Monday that the former president should continue to be held . Ashton , who met with Morsy for two hours Monday , said Morsy is well . He is keeping up with current events through newspapers and television , she said . Ashton -- the first high-level official outside the Egyptian military to meet with the former president since the military whisked him away this month -- said she was kept in the dark about his location during their meeting . "  I do n't know where he was , " she told journalists in Cairo . Opinion : How to rescue the Arab Spring She had insisted with the interim government that she be allowed to meet with Morsy as a precondition to her visit to Cairo . "  And that was freely offered to me , " she said . Though she had a "  friendly and open and very frank discussion , " she did not pass on details . She told Morsy that she would not represent his views to the world . "  He can not correct me , if I do it wrong , " she said . During her trip , she also met with acting President Adly Mansour and Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , who led the military coup against Morsy . "  We are not here to impose . The people of Egypt will determine their own future , " Ashton said . But she expected Egypt 's leaders to ensure that happens . Morsy 's party did not meet with Ashton , but it let her know it is sticking by its demands . "  We made it clear to her that we will keep protesting for our civil rights until the legitimate president is released , " said Essam Elerian , the vice chairman of the Freedom and Justice Party . "  And as we said it before , restoring the democratic legitimacy of our elected president is non-negotiable . "	NEW : "  Only an inclusive process will work , " EU 's top diplomat , Catherine Ashton , says NEW : Interim government 's immediate priority is to end violence , the vice president says NEW : A rights groups call for the interior minister 's resignation over protester deaths Morsy supporters say they will keep demonstrating
First , the good news . News organizations -- including CNN , The New York Times , The Washington Post and Bloomberg -- are asking : Where are the women ? They 've noticed that President Obama 's nominees for his national security team and Cabinet , including Secretary of State , Defense , Treasury , and Director of the CIA , have excluded the talent of potential female appointees . As co-founders of the Women 's Media Center , whose purpose is to make women more visible and powerful in the media , we want to say thank you for noticing . Now , the bad news . President Obama is n't answering . He would n't have been re-elected without 55 percent of the women 's vote , something he earned by representing women 's majority views on issues , yet now he seems to be ignoring women 's ability to be not only voters , but leaders . Fortunately , there are still possibilities . A second-term President Obama still has time to demonstrate his commitment to equality in a different but equally important area of the federal government , the agencies that have oversight of the media and telecom industries . Media companies have some of the most powerful resources at their disposal in shaping attitudes and culture . But media culture , from our TV shows to advertising , is often deeply sexist and normalizes roles that limit everyone . There is a powerful "  bully pulpit " effect to having women at the head of these agencies . Four important agencies regulating media include the Federal Communications Commission , the Federal Trade Commission , the U.S. Department of Justice 's Antitrust Division and the Commerce Department 's National Telecommunications and Information Administration . One slot has already been filled by a man . On January 3 , William J. Baer was sworn in as assistant attorney general for the Antitrust Division . Erin Burnett : White men to fill Obama 's cabinet That could leave three . We say "  could " because it 's not yet 100 % clear that the heads of the FTC or FCC will be stepping down , though top appointees do shift around in a president 's second term . For instance , there has already been speculation that Lawrence E. Strickling , assistant secretary for communications and information , which manages the National Telecommunications and Information Administration , is in the running for FCC chair . Why not an equally logical woman 's name ? Karen Kornbluh , who has just returned from serving as U.S. ambassador to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development , was one of six women called qualified by the National Journal . Others named as possible FCC chairs were FCC Commissioners Mignon Clyburn and Jessica Rosenworcel , Clinton administration FCC executives Susan Ness and Cathy Sandoval and Obama adviser and communications expert Susan Crawford . Obama 's Cabinet shaping up to be a boys club We 're glad to say the FCC has had black chairmen . William Kennard , for example , made a top priority of closing the digital divide for African-Americans and for Americans with disabilities . It 's unfortunate that there have not been more , though we live in a diverse country in which white Americans are about to become the minority . Never in the 80 years of the FCC has a woman of any race or group been its chair , though women have been the nation 's majority for a long time . Then there 's the Federal Trade Commission , which has broad oversight over everything from price fixing at the gas pump to whether Google is a monopoly . It includes the Bureau of Consumer Protection , which monitors false and deceptive advertising . Women still have most of the purchasing power in households . According to GfK MRI 's Spring 2011 Survey of the American Consumer , 75 % of women are the primary shoppers for all household products . Women are more likely to have the expertise for such decisions in the interest of consumers and also to be affected by those decisions . As we step into 2013 , America 's media are still largely run by men . Women hold only 6 % of all TV and radio station licenses . It 's long past the time to close the gender gap in our nation 's leadership and in the media and telecom industries ' leadership especially , where in 2011 only 28.4 % of TV news directors were women , according to the Women 's Media Center 's 2012 Status of Women in the U.S. Media report . We thought President Obama wanted women in his inner circle . Right now , the makeup of that inner circle looks nothing like the country .	Jane Fonda , Glora Steinem , Robin Morgan : Obama short on women appointees They say women helped him win , he must show he sees them as leaders , not just voters They say media companies shape attitudes . He should name women to head FCC , FTC Writers : Media is run largely by men . Time to close the gender gap in U.S. media leadership
CNN  -- Health officials reported four more cases of a dangerous new virus in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday . Three of the patients diagnosed as having the novel coronavirus , or nCoV , are still being treated , a statement on the Saudi Health Ministry website said . The fourth has been discharged from a hospital . Experts : New SARS-like virus could show up in U.S. All four cases were in Saudi Arabia 's Eastern province , the statement said . NCoV was recently found for the first time in humans , and scattered cases have occurred across parts of the Middle East , particularly Saudi Arabia . It has proved deadly in more than half of the confirmed cases so far , the World Health Organization said . Read more : New SARS-like virus poses medical mystery As of Sunday , the WHO had been informed of 34 laboratory-confirmed cases of human infection with nCoV worldwide since last September , including 18 deaths , it said . Coronaviruses , which are common around the world , often cause colds . The novel coronavirus acts like a cold in attacking the respiratory system , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have said . But symptoms are severe and can lead to pneumonia and even kidney failure .	Saudi Arabia reports four new cases of a novel coronavirus , or nCoV Three of the patients are still being treated , and the fourth was discharged from a hospital More than half the confirmed cases of nCoV so far have resulted in the patient 's death
Sunset  -- The old warehouses of Portland 's Pearl District are home to increasingly cool cultural diversions . Spend a weekend browsing the neighborhood 's art galleries , snack on a pumpkin-pie cupcake and enjoy dinner and a show . The Gerding Theater at the Armory has been transformed after its $ 36 million eco-renovation . Take it home If prices in the Pearl 's posh galleries put a damper on your holiday gift giving , head to the Pacific Northwest College of Art for its annual student-art sale . Future famous artists sell surprisingly sophisticated gifts reflecting their fields of study : one-of-a-kind monotypes and screen-printed cards , jewelry with semiprecious stones , gorgeous oil paintings and thought-provoking metal sculptures . Catch a show The once-vacant , castlelike Gerding Theater at the Armory has been transformed after its $ 36 million eco-renovation . For people-watching , sip wine in the loft overlooking the lobby , then settle in for Portland Center Stage 's one-man play "  R. Buckminster Fuller : The History  and Mystery  of the Universe . " Sunset.com : Life in the Pearl One-stop gallery hop Who cares if it 's raining when you have the DeSoto Building/Museum of Contemporary Craft -- four fine art galleries and an innovative museum under one roof ? Hit the museum 's Holiday Shoppe  December 3-January 4  for funky felt rings and handcrafted ornaments . Great Pearl eats Wild rice-smoked duck breast is steps from the Gerding Theater at Ten 01 . Or try Isabel ; we like the brown rice and tofu bowl with peanut sauce . Then there 's 50 Plates , a casual bistro serving all-American classics . Sunset.com : Green in Portland A twist on pumpkin pie Warm up for T-Day with a luscious pumpkin pie cupcake filled with pumpkin cream at Cupcake Jones , a grab-and-go bakery .  Then place your order for Thanksgiving dessert . WANT MORE ENTERTAINMENT ?  Portland 's got it For budding theater buffs Kids will eat up the juicy Oregon Children 's Theatre production of Roald Dahl 's classic "  James and the Giant Peach , " while you 'll get a kick out of the high-flying special effects and dry humor . For small-stage premieres See classics and local playwrights ' works on one of Artists Repertory Theatre 's two intimate stages . Get some comic relief during the hectic holidays with Marc Acito and C.S. Witcomb 's "  Holidazed , " a humorous look at modern families coping with old-fashioned Christmas traditions . For indie-film fans The Northwest Film Center presents themed series , retrospectives and annual film festivals . The Portland International Film Festival , held in February , features nearly 100 films from more than 30 countries . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Check out Pacific Northwest College of Art 's annual student art sale Settle in to watch a play at the renovated Gerding Theater at the Armory Stop for dinner at 50 Plates , a casual bistro serving all-American classics
CNN  -- An Arizona mother has admitted to suffocating her 13-year-old daughter and trying to kill her other children by poisoning them , police said Tuesday . Officers in Casa Grande , Arizona , responded to a 911 call on Christmas Day . A man said that his ex-wife , 35-year-old Connie Villa , had stabbed him but that he had managed to escape and was driving himself to a hospital . When officers arrived at the home , they found Villa with stab wounds , holding a knife to her chest . They managed to subdue her and conducted a sweep of the home . Police found the body of Aniarael Macias , Villa 's daughter , in the bathroom . "  Although an autopsy for Aniarael was conducted ... the results of which did not identify a cause of death , investigators feel the evidence found at the scene of the crime along with interviews and medical information of the surviving children , give our Department cause to believe Connie Villa was attempting to end the lives of all of her children and her ex-husband , Adam Villa , " police said in a statement . Connie Villa faces one count of first degree murder in the death of her daughter . She is also being charged with four counts of attempted murder of her ex-husband and her three surviving children , ages 3 , 5 and 8 . In an interview , she admitted she tried to kill her children by forcing them to ingest prescription narcotic drugs , police said . The kids had trace amounts of opiates in their systems . Police also said that she told them she was unsuccessful in forcing her oldest daughter to ingest the drugs , and so she suffocated Aniarael . Connie Villa reportedly told investigators she wanted to kill her children and ex-husband because she did not want him to have custody of them . The surviving children are all in good condition and were placed with the family of their father , Adam Villa , 33 . He is in stable condition . Connie Villa was released Sunday from Maricopa Medical Center , where she was treated for what investigators believe were self-inflicted stab wounds . She was arrested the same day . According to Thomas Anderson , a police spokesman , she has made an initial appearance in court . No bond was given . Aniarael 's father released a statement asking for privacy and prayers . "  On behalf of Michael Macias , Ania 's father , Vera Macias , Ania 's grandmother and extended family , we request that the focus of this tragedy be a celebration of our precious Ania 's life . She was a gentle , kind and beautiful spirit who was taken from us much too soon . Michael and his family are heartbroken , " it read . "  We are writing this statement in hopes that the media and other outlets will allow Michael and our family to grieve peacefully . We thank everyone for the outpouring of support for our family . We appreciate your prayers and positive thoughts . We pray that justice will be served . "	Connie Villa told police she suffocated her daughter , Aniarael She also admits to trying to kill her other children , police say Her surviving children had trace amounts of opiates in their systems , police say Aniarael 's father asks for privacy and prayers
A CIA assessment puts the number of ISIS fighters at possibly more than three times the previous estimates . The terror group that calls itself the Islamic State "  can muster between 20,000 and 31,500 fighters across Iraq and Syria , " a CIA spokesman told CNN on Thursday . Analysts and U.S. officials initially estimated there were as many as 10,000 fighters , including those who were freed from prisons by ISIS , and Sunni loyalists who have joined the fight as the group advanced across Iraq . "  This new total reflects an increase in members because of stronger recruitment since June following battlefield successes and the declaration of a caliphate , greater battlefield activity and additional intelligence , " the spokesman said . The news came a day after President Barack Obama laid out his plan to "  dismantle and ultimately destroy " ISIS , including authorizing airstrikes . Mass executions and videotaped beheadings , including those of two American journalists , have led to the push for a broader counterterrorism mission , including possible airstrikes in civil war-torn Syria . It 's unclear how the ISIS ranks swelled , and whether the increased numbers include recruits from within Iraq . More than 15,000 foreign fighters , including 2,000 Westerners , have gone to Syria , a CIA source told CNN on Thursday . The fighters come from more than 80 countries , the source said . It 's not immediately clear whether these were primarily ISIS fighters or were dispersed among a number of groups fighting the Syrian government . The details about the increased number of fighters followed news that the United States has begun surveillance flights over Syria , which a U.S. official told CNN is part of an effort to gather intelligence that will help the decision whether to launch airstrikes against ISIS . The Pentagon is refining its targets based on improved intelligence-gathering , including the surveillance flights now under way over Syria , a Defense official said . The United States "  will take action at a time and place " of its choosing , a third official said . But while a broader campaign is not imminent , the officials -- who all spoke on condition of anonymity -- said the military can strike at any time if there is a target of opportunity . 5 takeaways from Obama 's ISIS speech The Pentagon spokesman suggested that striking ISIS also means going after the terror group 's leadership , something the United States has not done to this point . "  One of the ways you get at and you destroy the capabilities of an enemy like  ISIS  is to be pretty aggressive against them , and that does include disrupting their ability to command and control and to lead their own forces , " said Rear Adm. John Kirby , the spokesman . The President has been reviewing options and targets with his national security team , according to officials at the White House . Those officials would not characterize the number or scope of those targets but said the review was based on the expanded gathering of intelligence in Syria . "  These targets have been exposed because of the president 's early decision to ramp up our intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance assets that were operating in the region , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . "  By improving our visibility into the situation on the ground , Pentagon planners have been working with some success to develop additional targets . " Kerry : U.S. not at war with ISIS While officials work to develop targets in Syria , the U.S. military is flying about 60 surveillance and reconnaissance flights a day over Iraq , according to the U.S. official . Those flights have "  developed over time a tremendous clarity of the intelligence picture within Iraq " and has offered a better understanding of the targets , the official said . The Pentagon also plans to have "  armed and manned " intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft flying from Irbil , the Kurdish regional capital , in the coming days to supplement similar unmanned aircraft carrying out missions over Iraq . Boehner hits Obama for ruling out boots on the ground	U.S. aircraft are conducting 60 reconnaissance flights a day in Iraq , official says More than 15,000 fighters , including 2,000 Westerners , have gone to Syria , CIA source says CIA increases its assessment of number of ISIS fighters to up to 31,500 Air campaign is not imminent , but military can strike target of opportunity , officials say
CNN  -- Orlando 's police chief on Monday named a Florida man as the "  primary suspect " in the case of the man 's missing ex-fiancee , who has n't been seen since the two appeared on an episode of "  The People 's Court . " Police Chief Paul Rooney identified Dale Smith Jr. , who relatives say is the father of two of Michelle Parker 's children , as the lone suspect in the case . "  We had to look at every aspect of the case before we could come out publicly and state that Mr. Smith is our primary focus , " Rooney said at a news conference . "  We will not rest until Michelle is found . " Although Rooney publicly identified Smith in the case , no charges have been filed . The woman was last seen driving near Orlando on November 17 , shortly after "  The People 's Court " segment that had been taped months earlier aired . Her last known communication was a brief , seemingly innocuous text message to her brother that same day , according to the official Facebook page devoted to her case . Attempts to reach Smith by phone -- at numbers believed to be his and that of his parents -- and social media -- via Facebook e-mail , on a profile believed to be his -- for comment on Monday 's developments and the case generally have thus far been unsuccessful . He has refused authorities ' offer to take a polygraph test in the case , Rooney told reporters . Parker 's mother , Yvonne Stewart , said in Monday 's news conference that the naming of Smith as a suspect is "  huge . " She urged him to come forward more earnestly , in hopes that his information will lead to her daughter . "  This is a sad day , really , but I think it was inevitable , " Stewart said . "  Michelle is  so beautiful , she does n't deserve this . " Rooney acknowledged that authorities recently searched Smith 's parents ' house , though he did n't "  want to go into evidence that we seized or did n't seize . " Parker 's black Hummer SUV was found a day after she was last seen , according to the Facebook page . She is described as white , 33 years old , roughly 5 feet 5 inches tall with short dark brown hair . Her sister , Lauren Erickson , earlier told HLN 's Nancy Grace that her sister and Smith met about five years ago . They were estranged , and "  The People 's Court " episode revolved around their dispute over who 'd get a $ 5,000 engagement ring , with Judge Marilyn Milian eventually suggesting they split the proceeds and stay apart from one another . Erickson said that her sister was devoted to her children , whom she , her mother and the rest of the family have not seen since Parker 's disappearance . "  She would never do anything to leave them . They are her world , " Erickson said . "  They ` re the reason that she was working two jobs and going to school full time -- so that she could give them a better life . " On Monday night , brother Dustin Erickson told HLN 's Vinnie Politan that for all the talk about Smith , his main focus is on his sister . He and other family members urged people to continue distributing fliers , spreading the word about Parker and looking for her at every opportunity . "  My biggest thing is that I still need to search for my sister , " Dustin Erickson said . "  She is still missing and I still need to find her . "	Dale Smith Jr. is a suspect in Michelle Parker 's disappearance , a police chief says She was last seen November 17 , the day she and Smith were on "  The People 's Court " Her mother calls the naming of Smith as a suspect "  sad " but "  inevitable "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli authorities are investigating whether the attack that left an American woman dead and her friend injured was "  nationalistic , " a police spokesman said Monday , using a term for crimes in which a victim is targeted based on an Arab or Israeli background . American Kristine Luken died in the attack . Her body was found Sunday after Kay Susan Wilson , Luken 's friend and co-worker at a Christian ministry , stumbled into a picnic area with her hands bound , bleeding from multiple stab wounds and asking for help . Wilson told authorities the two were hiking in a forest near Beit Shemesh , west of Jerusalem , when two men attacked them , tied them to a tree and stabbed them , according to police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . Wilson told reporters from her hospital bed Sunday that one of the men was armed with a long serrated knife and that she believes they were Arab . "  It was clear that they came to kill , " the Israeli newspaper Haaretz quoted Wilson as saying . "  Who carries around a knife like that ? " Wilson said she was wearing a Star of David on a necklace when she was attacked , according to the newspaper . "  He took it off like a gentleman and then turned me around and stabbed in the place where the Star of David had been , " Haaretz quoted her as saying . Rosenfeld confirmed Monday that investigators ' primary focus is that the attacks may have involved nationalistic intent , but he said investigators have not yet completely ruled out other possibilities . Luken and Wilson both worked for CMJ UK , a Christian ministry based in England . Wilson , a British citizen living in Israel , was a senior tour guide for the group , according to a statement posted to the group 's website by its CEO , Robin Aldridge . Luken was an administrator for the group and had recently taken over responsibility for managing the group 's tour operations in Israel , Aldridge said . "  She had a beautiful and gentle spirit as well as a strong and vibrant faith , " Aldridge said of Luken . "  She loved Israel and had visited on several occasions both as a tourist and as a member of CMJ . " "  It is a tragedy that such a lively , caring and faith-filled person should have been struck down in such a way , " he said . The Foreign Office in London said it was "  aware of the hospitalization of a British national " and was ready to provide assistance if needed . Luken had worked for CMJ UK for one year , having previously been a government employee , according to Aldridge . "  She had to cope with a move to a new country as well as a new job but quickly made the adjustment and became a key member of our team , " Aldridge said . He said the group 's work sharing the Christian faith with the Jewish people in Israel would continue despite the attack .	NEW : Police confirm they are focusing on whether the attack was "  nationalistic " NEW : The term is used when victims are targeted based on their Arab or Israeli background Kristine Luken was hiking with a friend and colleague from a Christian ministry Luken 's friend survived the attack and summoned help
CNN  -- Kenya 's Patrick Makau set a new world record for the marathon in Berlin Sunday as previous record holder Haile Gebrselassie of Ethiopia failed to finish . Makau led home a Kenyan 1-2-3 in a time of two hours three minutes 38 seconds , shaving 21 seconds off the record set in the corresponding race in the German capital three years ago by Gebrselassie . Stephen Kwelio Chemlany took second with Edwin Kimaiyo placing third . Gebrselassie , 38 , was prominent until the 35km mark before dropping out , just as he had done in the New York marathon last November . He was trying to gain a qualifying time for the 2012 London Olympics and will now target the Dubai marathon early next year to achieve his aim . Makau , 26 , was successfully defending his Berlin crown , with the added bonus of taking the world record on a traditionally fast course . Kenya 's Florence Kiplagat won the women 's race in two hours 19 minutes and 43 seconds with Germany 's Irina Mikitenko in second place . Britain 's world record holder Paula Radcliffe finished third on her comeback to marathon after giving birth to her second child and a series of injuries . Her time of two hours 23 minutes 46 minute was over eight minutes slower than her world 's best but qualifies her for the Olympics on home soil .	Patrick Makau of Kenya sets new world record in marathon Makau takes 21 seconds off the previous best held by Haile Gebrselassie Gebrselassie drops out of the race in Berlin at 35km mark Florence Kiplagat of Kenya wins the women 's race
Raleigh , North Carolina  CNN  -- The state Democratic Party here is consumed with an ongoing sexual harassment scandal . The embattled governor is so unpopular she decided not to run for a second term . And supporters of same-sex marriage were dealt a crushing defeat at the ballot box last week . But the biggest challenge in North Carolina this year for President Barack Obama and his fellow Democrats can be boiled down to something simpler : math . Everything that could have gone right for Obama in 2008 did go right , and yet he still only won North Carolina by just 14,177 votes -- a tiny sliver of the 4.2 million cast statewide . Thanks to his campaign 's striking ability to expand the Democratic electorate , Obama even managed to win the state while losing independents to John McCain . Volunteers blitzed college campuses and dominated the early voting game . New African-American voters were registered in huge numbers . Obama also performed better among white voters than both John Kerry and Al Gore . Crucially , Republican turnout fell off dramatically from 2004 . Obama world read the victory as a promising sign of Democratic realignment in the South and rewarded the Tar Heel State with the Democratic National Convention , which will take place in Charlotte in September . Today , though , it 's hard to find a Democrat in the capital of Raleigh who believes the president , saddled with the burdens of governing and a sputtering economy , can stir the enthusiasm of 2008 and repeat his near-flawless North Carolina performance . "  My heart says he will win here , but my head says it 's going to be awfully tough for him , " said Gary Pearce , a longtime Democratic consultant and adviser to former Gov. Jim Hunt . "  This is a tight state for him . Race is part of it . The economy is a big problem . Four years ago he was new , he was exciting . He was hope and change . That has worn off now . The glow is gone . It 's going to be tough for him to catch magic in the bottle again . " Obama 's fading luster has put enormous pressure on his team not only to mobilize the existing Democratic base but also to find new voters . The president 's path to victory becomes even narrower if Republican turnout grows from the dismal 31 % showing of 2008 -- a certainty according to political operatives in Raleigh who watched in 2010 as a fired-up GOP captured both houses of the state Legislature for the first time since Reconstruction . North Carolina is fast becoming a proving ground for advisers to Obama and Mitt Romney , who stress that the presidential race will be decided by the slimmest of margins in a handful of states . Turning out voters is key "  The election is going to be won by the candidate who gets their voters to the polls , " said state Rep. Alma Adams , a Democrat from Greensboro and the chairwoman of the Legislative Black Caucus . "  That 's where the election is going to be determined . We need to focus on the people who are registered to vote and get them active and participating in the process . " A popular talking point among Republicans here involves the celebrated "  youth vote " of 2008 , a key part of the Obama coalition . The share of voters under 30 was the same in North Carolina as it was nationally . But thanks in large part to the stout organizational efforts of the Obama campaign on more than 100 college campuses across the state , voters between 18 and 29 chose Obama over McCain by a stunning 74 % -26 % margin . If that split more closely resembled the youth vote nationwide -- 66 % for Obama and 32 % for McCain -- roughly 60,000 North Carolina votes would have swung to McCain , handing him the state and its 15 electoral votes . Even the slightest shifts in turnout can determine the race , a prospect relished by Republicans , who were hamstrung in the last election by dampened conservative enthusiasm and a superior Democratic ground game . "  McCain did very little in North Carolina , and Obama did everything , " said Dee Stewart , a Republican strategist in Raleigh . "  The McCain campaign 's presence was minimal at best . While that was happening , the Obama campaign was knocking on the doors , not only of swing voters but of solid Republican voters . " The Romney campaign recently moved a state director to Raleigh and is piggybacking off the early joint efforts of the North Carolina GOP and the Republican National Committee , which have opened four field offices so far . Outsourcing of jobs could be problem for Romney Romney , though , has his own challenges to overcome . The Obama campaign has painted the former Bain Capital executive as a corporate raider who shut down factories for the sake of a profit , a message they are pushing aggressively in a state racked by the outsourcing of textile and furniture manufacturing jobs . To win statewide in North Carolina , Republicans must sway evangelicals and "  Jessecrats " -- those white cultural conservatives loyal to the late Sen. Jesse Helms -- in the eastern part of the state . But the former Massachusetts governor struggled to rally conservatives throughout the Republican primaries , particularly in the South . Adams , the Legislative Black Caucus leader , said Romney 's Mormon faith might be a drag among among the social conservatives who showed up in large numbers last week to vote for a constitutional amendment defining marriage solely as between a man and a woman . Opinion : N.C. gay marriage vote spells the end of Obama "  If they look at that awful ballot amendment , and they compare that with his faith , I do n't think people will be OK with it , " Adams said . "  From what I understand about the Mormon faith you can have multiple wives . That 's sort of a contradiction . There are questions about who Romney is and what he believes in terms of that particular issue . " Still , Republicans in the state said that antipathy toward Obama will be enough to galvanize the conservative base . Stewart , the GOP strategist , calmly predicted that if Romney runs the aggressive campaign in North Carolina that McCain did not -- and focuses on the economy and suburban voters -- "  he should win by a substantial margin . " Romney looks for advantage in North Carolina That forecast is not limited to Republicans . One senior North Carolina Democrat , who insisted on anonymity because of involvement in multiple statewide and legislative campaigns , said private polling in a variety of state races shows that white voters and independents are trending toward Republicans in an alarming way . "  The biggest thing Obama has got to overcome here is his problems with white independent voters , those middle-of-the-road voters , " the Democrat said . "  If he does n't , we are going to get our asses whipped like I have never seen in my 20 years of doing politics . " The Democrat predicted a "  bloodbath " for the party in November if those numbers fail to tighten . Holding the convention in Charlotte , this person said , might make for an exciting week but will do little to push the state in Obama 's direction : "  I 'm glad that it 's here for sheer state pride , but is it going to make much difference at Wilber 's Barbecue in Goldsboro ? " Finding new voters critical for Obama 's chances Obama won 35 % of North Carolina whites in 2008 , a number most Democrats say he needs to come close to matching again if he hopes to win the state , even with the help of a growing minority population that could give him some numerical breathing room . And yet Republicans and Democrats agree that if any campaign can overcome the daunting arithmetic , it 's Obama 's . His campaign excelled here in 2008 as it worked college campuses and African-American communities hard , capitalizing on early voting and same-day registration to bank a significant number of votes before Election Day . Obama for America has 15 field offices around the state . More are slated to open in the coming months . Some organizers never left the state after 2008 , and the campaign hired 22 new staffers last month . Campaign volunteers also went to work under the radar in several local campaigns last year -- including the Charlotte mayor 's race and school board races in populous Wake County -- to elect friendly Democrats and identify new voters . Finding those new voters will be critical for the Obama team as they try to grow the electorate from 2008 , and the steady North Carolina population boom offers a fertile hunting ground . In April alone , the campaign registered 15,000 new voters . "  Kids who were freshmen and sophomores in college in 2008 are gone , they are not on campus anymore , " said Scott Falmlen , a Democratic consultant advising gubernatorial candidate Walter Dalton . "  But the upside is that you also have a whole new crop of students to register and organize and motivate . And if the campaign can do that , and they certainly have the infrastructure in place to do it , they will reap a lot of votes . " How Obama is using student loan issue to recapture the youth vote Out-of-staters continue to flock to the financial hub of Charlotte , home to Bank of America , and to the Raleigh-Durham area for jobs in the high-tech and pharmaceutical sectors . More than half the North Carolina vote is concentrated in 13 counties along the Interstate 85 corridor , and those areas have grown dramatically since Obama won in 2008 . Nearly 1 million people will reside in Charlotte 's Mecklenburg County -- the state 's largest -- by the end of this year , according to estimates from the Office of State Budget and Management . That 's up from a population of 888,730 in 2008 . In Wake County , the heart of the Research Triangle , the population has jumped by nearly 100,000 over the same four-year span . Though the rural-to-urban trend has defined the state 's politics over the last decade , some Democrats said that Obama 's organization can only take him so far in a state with decidedly moderate tendencies and a 9.7 % unemployment rate -- the fourth highest in the nation . "  I do n't think mechanics alone do it , " said Pearce , the former Hunt adviser . "  An essential part of Obama winning here is to reignite the spark . Idealism , hope , whatever it is . He had an ability to inspire last time . Without that , he ca n't win . "	President Barack Obama won North Carolina in 2008 election by less than 15,000 votes GOP strategists predict an aggressive Mitt Romney can win state by "  substantial margin " Finding new voters will be critical for the Obama team if it hopes to repeat 2008 success Democratic consultant : "  An essential part of Obama winning here is to reignite the spark "
CNN  -- Mexico 's top security official says the Sinaloa drug cartel was likely behind the kidnapping of a group of four journalists , two of whom were freed in a police rescue . The kidnappers wanted to use the reporters , who were connected with some of Mexico 's largest news organizations , to force the media to transmit "  criminal messages , " Mexican Public Safety Secretary Genaro Garcia Luna told reporters Saturday . A federal police rescue freed two of the four journalists , who were kidnapped Monday while covering a riot at a prison in the northern state of Durango , Garcia Luna said . A third was released Thursday . But the whereabouts of the fourth reporter were unclear Sunday . The two rescued journalists sat beside Garcia Luna and described their captivity to reporters Saturday . "  It is a sad and bitter experience that nobody wants even the worst of their enemies to go through , " Multimedios camerman Javier Canales said , noting that he suffered psychological abuse and threats . "  Since the moment they took us , we thought they were going to kill us , " Televisa Laguna photojournalist Alejandro Hernandez said , according to state news agency Notimex . Their kidnapping was a high-profile reminder of an issue that has been increasingly common amid Mexico 's escalating drug war : violence against the journalists who cover it . The journalists were kidnapped Monday while reporting on a protest by inmates and relatives at a local prison , which made news after Mexico 's Attorney General 's office revealed guards there let free a squad of imprisoned hit men to carry out a massacre of 17 people in a nearby town . The journalists were abducted in the Laguna region , Mexico 's National Commission for Human Rights said -- an area which has been the scene of vicious fighting between the Zetas crime group and the Sinaloa cartel . It includes the state of Durango and parts of neighboring Coahuila . On Friday , the signal of one of Mexico 's largest television networks faded to black for almost an hour as a symbolic protest . "  We will not pretend that nothing is happening , " said Denise Maerker , anchor of Televisa 's "  Punto de Partida " as she opened the show . Critics have said the government does not do enough to hold criminals accountable . On Friday , Mexico City 's Milenio newspaper published an editorial calling on the government to step up its game to solve the hostage situation . In the editorial , journalist Ciro Gomez Leyva alluded to demands from the kidnappers for the media to publish certain images in return for the release of the journalists . "  That is not our duty . The media is not designed nor equipped to negotiate in a hostage situation , " Gomez wrote . Garcia Luna said Saturday that investigations would continue to determine who was responsible . "  The Mexican state is above any criminal organization or group and is much stronger than these organizations , " he said . The powerful Sinaloa cartel , which Garcia Luna said may have been behind the kidnapping , transports multi-ton quantities of drugs from Mexico to the U.S. , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration . Forbes magazine has estimated the fortune of its leader , Joaqun "  El Chapo " Guzmn Loera , at $ 1 billion . He escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 . CNN 's Krupskaia Alis and Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report .	Mexican official says Sinaloa cartel was likely behind the kidnapping Police rescue two of the four kidnapped journalists Another reporter was released last week The journalists were kidnapped while covering a prison protest
CNN  -- If you should find yourself visiting New York -- or even if New York is where you live -- there is a place I 'd like to recommend that you stop by . It wo n't cost you a penny , yet in its near-silence it offers a priceless perspective on the shrill , gossip-drenched , celebrity-saturated world that surrounds us . News of glitz and glamour bombards us 24 hours a day : on our computers , on our television sets , in our newspapers and magazines , on the screens of our telephones . A movie star gets in a jam , a singer fails a drug test , a sports star is named in a divorce proceeding -- there is an entire industry devoted to telling us about it , and it is an industry that never sleeps . The roar is constant and deafening . Which is why there is value in spending a few minutes at 3 E. 53rd Street in Manhattan . It 's a hole in the city -- a slender rectangular space between New York buildings . It is a park , commissioned more than 40 years ago by William S. Paley , who was the pioneering chief executive of CBS , and named to honor his father , Samuel . It has a soothing waterfall , and trees and flowers , and white metal tables and chairs for anyone who wishes to find a moment of tranquility in a hectic world . It 's free ; it is a privately owned park , but the public is welcome . And the lesson it teaches is one that you will miss unless you know what used to be there . That modest-looking little sliced-out space on 53rd Street once housed a structure that loomed as symbolically large and loud in the nation 's consciousness as a thousand big-band dance orchestras , as a million high-budget movie premieres . Before there were internet entertainment-news sites , before there were nightly television shows dedicated to reporting on stars and who they date and what they wear , the building at 3 E. 53rd was the epicenter of what is now referred to as buzz . It was the Stork Club : the single American structure that most epitomized fame . The Stork Club was the capital of celebrity . It was the brick-and-mortar incarnation of what it meant to make it to the top . From 1934 , when the Stork Club moved to 53rd Street after brief forays at other Manhattan locations , to 1965 , when it finally breathed its last , it was the most sought-after nightclub in the world . Frank Sinatra would dine and drink there , as would Grace Kelly ; John F. Kennedy was a customer , as were Marilyn Monroe and Ernest Hemingway . Mobster Frank Costello was at home at the Stork Club , but so was FBI director J. Edgar Hoover . Elizabeth Taylor , Joe DiMaggio , the Duke and Duchess of Windsor ... you get the picture . The Stork Club 's owner , Sherman Billingsley , had his doormen guard the entrance not with a mere velvet rope , but with a 24-karat gold chain . But that does n't explain the hold that the Stork Club had on the American imagination , or why it became the embodiment of stardom . The answer to that can be summed up in two words : Walter Winchell . Take every entertainment writer , broadcaster , magazine editor and web site purveyor in today 's star-soaked culture , combine their impact , and they do n't add up to Winchell 's reach at the peak of his power . How vast was that reach ? Neal Gabler , in his superlative 1994 biography of Winchell , estimated that out of an adult U.S. population of 75 million during the prime Winchell years , 50 million either listened to his Sunday night radio broadcast or read his column , which was syndicated to more than 2,000 newspapers . Winchell 's friend and attorney Ernest Cuneo put the number even higher ; he estimated that nine out of every 10 American adults either read or heard Winchell every week . It was often said that , on warm summer Sunday nights , you did not need to own a radio to hear Winchell -- all you had to do was walk down the street and listen to his voice wafting out of all the open windows . And Winchell 's headquarters was the Stork Club . From his seat at Table 50 in the nightclub 's Cub Room , he allowed the world of show-business grasping to come to him . The fighting that went on in the Stork Club was not usually conventional fisticuffs ; the backstabbing did not involve literal knives . But what went on in there was akin to climbing a slippery pyramid . What table a person was assigned to in the Stork Club  assuming he or she even got in the front door  , who he or she was seen dancing with  often to a tune the orchestra called "  The Walter Winchell Rhumba "  was a major determinant of national status and prestige . Shining at the Stork Club , and currying favor with Winchell , was a job in itself , to be undertaken with fierce and single-minded resolve . The stars did just that ; the process may have been superficial and it may have been tacky -- and it certainly was a queasy precursor to the celebrity-worshiping universe that is a part of the very air around us today -- but what went on at the Stork Club , as disseminated to the nation by Winchell , made that building the most desired after-dark destination in the country . Not that most Americans ever had a chance of stepping inside ; that address on 53rd Street was the hottest of the hot , the most exclusive of the exclusionary . Which is why going there today -- spending a quiet half hour in Paley Park -- can be such a calming experience . All heat eventually cools ; that which was coveted drifts away . The Stork Club fell out of fashion by the time the 1960s arrived , and when it closed its doors for the last time in 1965 and was then demolished , the spotlight-craving crowds had long since moved elsewhere . Winchell has been dead since 1972 , his home newspaper , the New York Mirror , having expired a decade before he did . It 's doubtful that many people , walking briskly along 53rd , pause to consider that the slim , boxy space leading to the waterfall on the back wall was once a magnet for desperate attention-seeking and strident clamor . Take a walk into the tiny park , should you be in Manhattan . Listen to the bottoms of your shoes click against the cobblestones . Pull up a chair at one of the tables . Everyone is welcome ; there is no pecking order . When you get close enough to the waterfall , the sounds of the city disappear . Where once there was mad commotion and frenzied striving , all of it seemingly so urgent , there is now a stillness steeped in serenity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Before celebrity websites and cable channels , there was a home for celebrity culture in the U.S. The Stork Club in Manhattan was scene of frenzied activity by the famous and would-be famous Bob Greene says all that remains is a peaceful park with a waterfall Greene : "  All heat eventually cools ; that which was coveted drifts away "
CNN  -- From the scorched corn fields of Kansas , to the storm-lashed hills of Nicaragua , an increasingly volatile climate is posing ever greater challenges for farmers around the world . But opportunity is arising from crisis , through next-generation climate analysis tools that could make agriculture - the world 's largest industry - vastly more efficient and profitable . The Climate Corporation , founded by two ex-Google engineers , is dragging a famously technophobic industry into the digital era . Through exhaustive data modeling and an elite pool of climate and agriculture analysts , the Corporation is seeking to take guesswork out of the field . "  The increasing uncertainty in agriculture , with the changing patterns of weather we are seeing , is making it difficult for farmers to grow successful crops consistently , " says CEO David Friedberg . "  The tools we provide help farmers make smarter decisions based on analytical techniques , rather than intuition . " Data revolution Friedberg sees "  huge opportunities " to revolutionize a vast industry that employs over one billion people and occupies almost half the planet 's total land , but has not adapted to the possibilities of data , despite its vulnerability to climate change . The Climate Corporation 's model produces hyper-local climate forecasts for individual farms , using satellite imaging , growth modeling and simulations . This is supported by decades of data , much of it from government sources , covering crop performance , soil properties , moisture levels and weather . The free "  Basic " platform allows farmers to monitor their land and crops , while the "  Climate Pro " platform includes a suite of features such as to optimize use of nitrogen fertilizer , control pests , and plan perfect harvests . "  Fertilizer is the number one expense for farmers and they are basically throwing away money , " says Friedberg . "  We can help farmers decide how much fertilizer to put in the field at what point in the season , reducing what goes into the atmosphere and waterways , so that 100 % goes to plants to deliver food . " While Friedberg is a strict vegetarian and keen to support environmental protection , his priority is to convince farmers with an economic argument . "  I do n't see collective action on climate change in agriculture . We need to create commercial incentives to change behavior , that 's where we can be successful . " The company estimate they can make $ 20 billion in efficiency savings in the U.S. by applying their data models , and increase corn field yields by 30 % an acre . "  Our initial results show a 10-20 % increase in yield , " said Tim Malterer , a Minnesota farmer that uses the software . More with less With the UN 's agriculture body claiming that the food supply needs to increase 70 % by 2050 to meet the needs of a growing population , without cultivating new farmland , there is an imperative for the industry to do more with less . The challenge is daunting but the Corporation 's ambitions are on a global scale . Having been recently acquired by Monsanto in a $ 1 billion deal -- which Friedberg claims has not altered its work -- the group has vast resources . Its technology covers 50 million acres in the U.S. , including a third of total land for corn and soybean , serving thousands of farmers . This figure is growing rapidly , and its platforms will be rolled out internationally from 2015 . That level of adoption would enable dramatic changes in the industry . Friedberg would like to see farmers choosing different crops to suit the climate data -- such as switching from wheat to corn in Canada as the weather warms -- and planning five-season cycles that use a better understanding of the changing properties of soil . Optimal performance The opportunities for data in agriculture are also shown by Edyn , a Californian startup that emerged from one of the state 's worst ever droughts . "  Around the world , water stress has been one of first impacts of climate change on agriculture , " says founder Jason Aramburu . "  But most farmers still have n't adopted water saving techniques . " With award-winning designer Yves Behar , Edyn produced a multi-faceted sensor that allows growers to micro-manage their plots , providing constant readings on moisture level , with a connected water valve that keeps the level optimal . It also gives readings of light , temperature , humidity and fertility so that even inexperienced users can sustain high performance yields . The device , which more than trebled its crowdfunding goal , is initially targeted at smaller growers . But Aramburu wants to build immense data sets from environmental input , which would scale to the needs of high volume food production . The sensor is undergoing trials with major farm operators . Aramburu is confident about the integration of data , but believes the industry must change now to protect livelihoods and the environment . "  It 's a question of when , not if , " he says . "  This is as big an opportunity as the Internet was , in one of the last big industries that has not adopted big data . "  If we do nothing , more farmers will have to leave their land over the next decades ... which means creating new farmland , which would have a dramatic environmental impact . " Data modeling in agriculture has great potential , believes Mckenzie Funk , author of "  Windfall , " an investigation of how businesses are adapting to climate change and in some cases seeking to exacerbate it . "  Hyper local data ca n't hurt macro farming , although it 's still early for the science and we may not see the full effects for five or 10 years , " says Funk . "  If efficiencies deliver profits that will be a major incentive for change . " Funk adds that improving efficiency of existing farmland would have less negative effects than cultivating new land , and hopes the concept is expanded . "  I do n't think there 's a problem with people making money from climate change . My only concern is whether the technology would be expanded to farmers everywhere , whether they can afford it in places like the Sahara , otherwise the effects  of climate change  will continue to get worse . " With the right information , even the most extreme conditions can be profitable . Read this : Tinder for business : Big data matchmaking transforms recruitment Watch this : Perfect bra decodes what women want Read this : Groceries sent right to the trunk of your car	Hyper local climate analysis enables profit from weather Agriculture has "  huge opportunity " after neglecting big data until now Farmers must change where , what and how they grow Livelihoods and environment under threat without urgent action
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- One small slice Monday of Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's war on drug cartels : two shootouts on the streets of two cities ; a man and a woman ambushed in their car ; at least four people dead ; three soldiers wounded , one of them gravely . Suspected members of Los Zetas drug cartel are presented to reporters in Mexico City in April . The confrontations between unidentified gunmen and Mexican army and federal police took place in the communities of San Nicolas de los Garza and Escobedo , near the U.S. border in the Mexican state of Nuevo Leon , the state-run Notimex news agency said . One of the firefights lasted 45 minutes . At one point , the suspects launched hand grenades at the soldiers . House-to-house searches took two hours and it would be another seven hours before the areas were secured . According to Notimex and news reports from the newspapers Excelsior , El Porvenir , El Nuevo Leon and El Norte , here 's what happened : Around 6 a.m. , a military convoy came across a group armed men in several late-model vehicles in San Nicolas de los Garza . Shooting broke out , and the gunplay continued for 45 minutes along several neighboring streets as the suspects tried to get away . The armed men abandoned their cars , blocked one of the streets with a Suburban truck and fled aboard several other vehicles . The confrontation continued for another two hours as soldiers sealed off a city block and searched house-to-house . "  From early on , we could hear the shots and much shouting , " Excelsior and El Nuevo Leon quoted an unidentified woman as saying . "  We could hear footsteps on the roofs and soldiers yelling to them . There were several explosions ; it seems like grenades went off , because we could hear it very loudly twice . " Around 7:45 a.m. , the soldiers entered a house where the gunmen had holed up . A grenade went off upstairs . Three gunmen died there , though officials did not say if it was from bullet wounds or the grenade explosion . At the same time , Mexican military and federal police were involved in a shootout with armed men in Escobedo . That confrontation left three soldiers wounded , with one of them clinging to life Monday afternoon . Also nearby , a man and a woman riding in car were ambushed at an intersection by armed men in several cars who surrounded them and drilled their auto with bullets . The woman died on the scene , her body sprawled on the street . The man was wounded but survived . The violent scene in Nuevo Leon , which borders Texas , has become a near-daily experience in Mexico since Calderon took office in December 2006 and launched a war on drug cartels . More than 11,000 people have been killed during that time -- about 1,000 of them police and other authorities .	Two shootouts in two cities near U.S. border in Mexican state of Nuevo Leon San Nicolas de los Garza and Escobedo are cities Shootouts leave 4 dead , 3 wounded
CNN  -- What a veteran traveler you are . You 've already hiked up to Machu Picchu and climbed up and down the thousands of stairs of the Great Wall of China . We bet you 've also stood awestruck before the Hagia Sofia and the Taj Majal . You 're a regular Tony Wheeler , who co-founded Lonely Planet travel company more than 40 years ago . Like you , he 's visited most of the world 's major wonders and almost everything else worth seeing . Wheeler and fellow world explorer Vince Michael , head of the Global Heritage Fund , are always looking for hidden places to discover . By all means , they say , visit Angkor Wat and the Hagia Sophia . Go there and check them off your bucket list . But do n't you want to explore places everyone has n't already seen ? That 's why CNN asked Michael and Wheeler , a Global Heritage Fund board member , to pick some hidden gems to explore . These are spots where we hope you wo n't always share your trip with thousands of other travelers . "  Who has n't seen pictures and read about Angkor Wat in Cambodia ? " Wheeler told CNN . "  But Banteay Chhmar ? It 's an unknown , and discovering an unknown is always a delight . "  Ditto for the Taj Mahal in India . Nobody 's disappointed when they see the Taj for the first time , but they 've seen pictures of it . It 's popped up in TV programs and movies so often , that actually seeing it is no surprise . Hampi , however , is going to be totally unexpected . " Let the crowds swarm the world 's best-known marvels . The lesser-known Global Heritage Fund sites below can be found in the same countries -- without the crowds . And two spots are still on Wheeler 's bucket list . That 's right : Even the co-founder of Lonely Planet has n't yet been to these picks in India and Peru . Maybe you can beat him there . Some of the more undiscovered spots require long and bumpy bus rides through the mountains , while others are located near luxury hotels . No matter which you choose , they will knock your  hiking  boots off . Pingyao Ancient City , China Called the "  Long Wall of Ten Thousand Li " in China , the more than 20,000-kilometer Great Wall was built from the third century B.C. to the 17th century A.D. on China 's northern border and is the world 's largest military structure . Prefer to see a more complete picture of ancient Chinese life ? Book a high-speed rail train ticket and take the 700-kilometer  435-mile  journey southwest from Beijing to Pingyao in just four hours .  The regular train trip can take anywhere from 10 to 14 hours . Pingyao Ancient City is a stunning Han Chinese city from the Ming and Qing dynasties  1368-1911  . Nearly 400 of the 4,000 existing Ming - and Qing-era courtyard buildings are still intact , as is a 6-kilometer city wall . The city was a center for China 's banking industry in the 19th and 20th centuries , and some of the imposing buildings are evidence of the city 's wealth . "  Pingyao is such a magical place given the incredible urbanization in Beijing and Shanghai and the fact that every other Chinese city has lost its wall , " says Michael . "  You really feel like you have stepped into the past . " 7 fascinating cities of destruction Chavin de Huantar , Peru Many visitors to Peru fly into Lima and hop on a quick flight to Cuzco to explore the 15th century Historic Sanctuary of Machu Picchu , perhaps the most stunning structure standing from the Inca empire . How about a site a few centuries older ? One of the oldest cultures in Peru , Chavin de Huantar was a pan-Andean culture that thrived in the location of the same name between 1500 B.C. and 400 B.C. some 3,180 meters above sea level . The Chavin archaeological site , located about 250 kilometers  155 miles  north of Lima , seems to have been a religious and ceremonial pilgrimage center for the pre-Columbian Andean religious world . "  It is distinguished by a highly organized platform-mound-and-plaza architecture that includes precocious use of finely cut and worked stone facades as well as an intricate , graphic , baroque and instantly recognizable ` art ' style executed in stone , pottery , bone , shell and gold , " says Michael . "  It also represents one of the earliest manifestations of Shamanism , where power was legitimized through a belief in the small elite having a divine connection . " "  The monumental center of Chavin itself was clearly a very significant place , and its elaborate architecture places it among the most impressive temples of its time , anywhere in the world . " Take an eight-hour bus ride from Lima to the northern town of Huaraz , and it 's another bumpy three-to-four hour bus ride from Huaraz to Chavin . Catalhoyuk , Turkey Part of Istanbul 's distinct skyline , the Hagia Sophia  Holy Wisdom  cathedral currently standing opened in the 6th century A.D. and is where rulers of the East Roman Empire were crowned . We prefer to explore Catalhoyuk , a 700-kilometer drive south from Istanbul , where lovers of ancient civilizations can find one of the earliest known towns in the world . Catalhoyuk is a nearly 10,000-year-old example of a well-preserved Neolithic town , showing how humans moved into sedentary life , organized themselves and developed a culture . It contains some of the world 's earliest known mural art and is considered central to the origin of civilization in the Middle East . It 's an ancient agricultural community rather than a big site of temples , palaces and streets lined with columns , "  plus hardly any visitors , " says Wheeler . "  Unlike the better known Greek and Roman sites of Turkey , this place is a bit of a mystery . " While the houses have evidence of lovely art and sculpture , the homes themselves are made of unfired mud brick and present a challenge for conservationists . UNESCO 's newest World Heritage Sites Hampi , India One of the most well-known and admired structures and examples of Indo-Islamic architecture in the world , the Taj Mahal is a marble mausoleum built in the 17th century by the Mughal emperor in memory of a beloved wife . A site of equal interest lies in the south of India at Hampi , the last capital of the last Hindu Kingdom of Vijayanagar . A six-hour drive from Goa or Bangalore , Hampi was conquered by the Deccan Muslim confederacy in 1565 and plundered before it was abandoned . Still standing are several temples , including the Krishna temple complex , the Chandramauleshwar Temple and the temples of Ramachandra and Hazara Rama . There are also hundreds of other remains on the site , including stables , water structures , shrines and royal complexes . "  Hampi is a stunning complex of magnificent temples and other structures set along a dramatic riverine site , " says Michael , calling it "  a dramatic testament to one of the earth 's oldest civilizations . " Banteay Chhmar , Cambodia The temple of Angkor Wat is the best-known site at Cambodia 's Angkor archaeological site , which also has the remains of several different capitals of the Khmer Empire from the 9th to the 15th centuries . Lesser known but rich in archaeological ruins , the temple complex of Banteay Chhmar  the Citadel of the Cats  in the northeast corner of Cambodia was commissioned by Khmer King Jayavarman VII  1181 A.D. -1219 A.D.  . A three-hour drive from Angkor Wat , it 's well-known for bas reliefs documenting the period 's history . Looters got to many bas reliefs and other art in the 1990s , and the Global Heritage Fund wants to preserve the remaining art and the central temple complex and aid the local community in developing tourism . This is really "  a ` wow ' site , " says Wheeler . It has "  all the attractions from huge stone faces to intricately carved bas reliefs that you find at the crowded Angkor sites and no crowds at all . " Think libraries are dying ? Think again	Step off the beaten path to explore world treasures that are less obvious Global Heritage Fund has some fascinating picks around the world Explore one of the oldest cultures in Peru , pre-dating Machu Picchu Catalhoyuk in Turkey may be one of the oldest towns in the world
January 14 , 2015 The Native American warrior Crazy Horse is n't well documented in photographs , but a massive monument aims to show his face once again in South Dakota . Go there today on CNN Student News . We also explain some misconceptions about the flu , some random facts about volcanoes , and reasons why experts do n't think the fight against ISIS will end this year . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- A campus police officer who sprayed seated protesters with pepper spray during a police attempt to clear out an Occupy encampment at the University of California Davis last year no longer works at the school , a university spokeswoman said . But she declined to specify whether the officer , Lt. John Pike , quit or was let go . "  We can confirm he is no longer employed as of today ... but we can not confirm anything else because of privacy guidelines , " said Claudia Morain , News Service Director at U.C. Davis . Video footage of Pike spraying student demonstrators in November 2011 with the irritant at close range went viral online , provoking widespread criticism of school authorities and making him the brunt of Internet ridicule . The group of about a dozen protesters had sat down on a path with their arms interlocked as the police moved in to clear out the Occupy encampment . Police officers forcibly removed the demonstrators after they had been sprayed . UC-Davis placed Pike , a second officer and Campus Police Chief Annette Spicuzza on administrative leave after the incident . The pepper-spraying was an "  objectively unreasonable " use of force by the campus police , a 190-page report by a University of California task force said in April . The report also accused Pike of misusing his now-iconic weapon . The bright red pepper-spray canister he brandished to the crowd before discharging was "  not an authorized weapon " under campus police guidelines , and "  is a higher pressure type of pepper spray than what officers normally carry on their utility belts . " It was designed to be used at a distance of at least six feet . "  And Lt. Pike did not use it correctly , " the report found . The task force also blamed members of the UC-Davis leadership , citing "  systemic and repeated failures " among campus administrators that "  put officers in the unfortunate situation in which they found themselves . " It described the campus police command structure as "  very dysfunctional , " with Spicuzza 's lieutenants refusing to follow orders and getting into "  heated exchanges " with the chief during the protests . But Pike was primarily responsible for the "  objectively unreasonable decision " to pepper-spray the demonstrators , it concluded . Pranksters across the Internet have inserted the image of the helmeted policeman into famous paintings , photos and movie scenes , while the hacking collective Anonymous published his home and cell phone numbers online .	Officer who sprayed seated protesters no longer works at the university Video of Lt. John Pike spraying students at close range went viral on the Internet Pike and two others were placed on administrative leave after the incident
CNN  -- What must it be like to step to the plate for your first appearance as a major-league baseball player and knock a grand-slam home run into the far reaches of the seats in Yankee Stadium ? Or to walk onto a National Football League field for the first time in your life , receive a kickoff while standing in the end zone , and return it 103 yards for a touchdown ? Very few people know that feeling -- the feeling of , against all probability , achieving magnificence on the very first try . But Andy Griffith did . When he died earlier this month at the age of 86 , most of the obituaries and remembrances were centered on his role as the lovable , quietly wise Sheriff Andy Taylor in the long-running television series "  The Andy Griffith Show . " Which only made sense : that program , and that character , were so popular that when people hear Griffith 's name , they almost automatically also hear in their heads the peppy , whistling theme music from the show . He , and the show , symbolized a sunny America that thrived on common sense and good intentions . Yet , in the minds of some of us , Griffith 's crowning achievement came at the outset of his career , the first time he appeared in a motion picture . The job he did was so stunning -- and so directly opposite in tone from the Sheriff Andy character that would later define him -- that watching the movie today is a revelation . The movie was called "  A Face in the Crowd . " Those of you who have seen it are likely nodding your heads in appreciation right now ; those of you who have n't are in for a treat . You thought you knew how good the guy was at his job ? Just wait . You wo n't have to wait long . As part of a tribute to Griffith 's career , Turner Classic Movies is presenting a special airing of "  A Face in the Crowd " Wednesday at 8 p.m. ET . TCM and CNN are corporate siblings , but I would be recommending "  A Face in the Crowd " to you if I 'd heard it was being screened in a church basement , or in the most rundown revival theater on some desolate downtown corner . Released in 1957 , the movie told the story of Larry "  Lonesome " Rhodes , a drifter we first see in a rural Arkansas jail cell . He is interviewed by a small-town radio reporter played by Patricia Neal , and the film follows his rise to radio , and then television , stardom , and what eventually transpires . Griffith made audiences love him as the kindly Sheriff Andy of Mayberry ; as Lonesome Rhodes , he had the courage as an actor to dare audiences to hate him . You can not take your eyes off him . In his May 29 , 1957 , review of the movie in the New York Times , critic Bosley Crowther wrote that screenwriter Budd Schulberg and director Elia Kazan had managed to "  spawn a monster not unlike the one of Dr. Frankenstein . " And as you watch the first-time movie actor Griffith , Crowther wrote , "  you know you are in the vicinity of someone who has white lightning for blood . " Budd Schulberg was on a remarkable three-year run at the time ; between 1954 and 1957 he had a hand in three unforgettable movies about the dark side of American life : "  On the Waterfront " with Marlon Brando , "  The Harder They Fall " with Humphrey Bogart , and "  A Face in the Crowd . " As laceratingly first-rate as Schulberg 's writing and Kazan 's direction were , the film would not have worked had the lead actor failed to be convincing as a person whose hungers were so self-centered and all-consuming that he would do anything and step on anyone to get what he wanted . Griffith pulled it off seamlessly : As you watch him , you understand how the smiling , aw-shucks , I 'm - just-a-country-boy Lonesome Rhodes could cynically use the then-new medium of national television to become as powerful as the president , while privately holding his viewers in utter contempt . Griffith looms physically large , and his menacing grin springs from the screen ; this is , at its core , a horror movie , and Griffith plays it as such from the first frame in which we see him . The movie did only tepid business upon its release , and -- in retrospect , this is astonishing -- was not nominated for a single Academy Award . The next year Griffith starred in the amiable military comedy "  No Time for Sergeants , " and by 1960 "  The Andy Griffith Show " was on network television and he was on his way to sweet , gentle fame , under blue skies and white clouds . As America says goodbye to him , and to his worthy acting career , I hope -- especially if you have never seen it -- that you 'll take the time to watch him in "  A Face in the Crowd , " filmed before his own face had become universally recognizable . You 'll not only be honoring his life . You will be doing something that none of us , when given the opportunity , should ever pass up : Witnessing greatness . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andy Griffith .	Bob Greene : When Andy Griffith died , most recalled him as the aw-shucks Sherriff Andy Taylor But a stunning performance he gave earlier in his first film was the antithesis of his TV role In "  A Face in the Crowd " Griffith played a drifter-turned-star , an oily , monstrous character Greene : Griffith owns the movie ; you should see it to understand how good Griffith was
CNN  You may have heard that Israeli politics is extremely complex . But one of the most important forces at play there is actually rather straightforward : When Israelis feel safe and strong they tend to support moderate parties . When they feel vulnerable they move to the right . Understand that , and you will understand Israel -- and why President Barack Obama may have inadvertently given Benjamin Netanyahu a helping hand . Israelis know they need American support to survive in a hostile , increasingly unstable and radicalized neighborhood , but they do n't believe they can trust Obama to help keep them safe . And the president , despite taking numerous measures to support the Jewish state , has done a dismal job of persuading Israelis that he has their back . This reality helps explain how Netanyahu and his rightist Likud party pulled off an upset victory this week , despite opinion polls showing them trailing the main opposition Zionist Union heading into Tuesday 's election . Clearly , it 's not all Obama 's fault . Netanyahu 's opponents also failed to address security issues , believing a focus on pocketbook matters would be enough . And Netanyahu is a skilled , articulate and shrewd politician . But Obama , like it or not , was one of the reasons for Likud 's success . When Netanyahu traveled to Washington a couple of weeks ago to warn the U.S. Congress about an impending "  bad deal " with Iran over its nuclear program , Obama refused to meet with him , claiming he did n't want to influence Israel 's elections . Few believed this was the real reason -- it 's no secret the two men do n't particularly like one another . Through much of his presidency , Obama has failed to convince Israelis thay they can trust him . And his handling of the recent spat with Netanyahu only added to the problem . By appearing to dismiss Netanyahu 's warning of a "  nuclear nightmare " over the Iran talks by arguing that the prime minister was offering no "  viable alternatives , " Obama missed an opportunity to reassure security conscious Israelis that the United States will safeguard their survival . His tacit acknowledgment that there might be no alternative to an imperfect deal was of little comfort to Israelis who have spent years hearing genocidal threats from the Iranian regime . Opinion : Will Netanyahu win seal Iran deal ? The fact that Obama has become one of the key reasons why Netanyahu continues to win elections in Israel is ironic considering Israelis are profoundly worried about the deteriorating ties with the United States , a relationship they consider key to ensuring their country 's survival . One recent poll showed only 37 % of Israelis believe Obama has a "  positive " position towards Israel , a mood that has undoubtedly helped Netanyahu enormously , despite the fact that large numbers of former security officials have said Netanyahu is endangering the country by undermining ties with Washington , and despite Israelis saying close relations with the United States are the second most important factor for Israel 's security , behind only Israel 's own military strength . All this left a genuine opening for Obama to influence the Israeli electorate , because Israelis desperately want to trust the American president -- and they remain America 's biggest , most loyal fans , according to a recent Pew poll . 5 questions about Netanyahu 's apparent victory Yet despite the positive sentiment in principle , Israeli voters -- especially on the right -- have been skeptical that Obama has their best interests at heart . This point was underscored in a recent poll that asked Israelis recently if they believed President Obama would agree to a deal that Israeli officials considered harmful to Israel 's security . Of those that responded , 61 % said yes , he would do so . However , 95 % of Labor supporters said no , Obama would do no such thing , while 93 % of Likud voters said they believed Obama would disregard Israel 's security . The worry over security extends beyond a nuclear deal with Iran to include the other key foreign policy issue -- the possibility of a Palestinian state . A majority of Israelis still support the creation of two states , one for Israelis and another for Palestinians . And despite the last-minute statements from Netanyahu dismissing the idea , it is important to remember that polls have consistently shown Israelis continue to support the establishment of a Palestinian state , as long as Israel 's security can be assured . The trouble is that right now , many Israelis do n't believe they can preserve their security with a Palestinian state just a few miles from their major cities , not least because previous territorial withdrawals -- from Gaza and from southern Lebanon -- have simply created launch pads for attacks against Israel . So when rightist leaders such as Netanyahu say Israelis will not be safe with a Palestinian state , voters are inclined to believe them . All this suggests that if Obama wants to persuade the Israeli public to push its government towards compromise , he needs to rebuild the public 's trust in him . Israelis want peace , but they also need to be reassured that their safety and survival is a paramount concern of their U.S. ally . And if President Obama can not assure them of this ? Well , they will simply wait until there is a president they feel they can trust . It 's not that complicated .	Benjamin Netanyahu secured re-election in Israeli election on Tuesday Frida Ghitis : Israeli sense of security key to understanding how they vote
An al Qaeda-linked rebel group has wrested control of the historic Christian town of Maaloula from regime forces , opposition groups said Sunday . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the hardline Islamist rebels of the al-Nusra Front seized control Saturday night . Videos posted on YouTube in recent days showed fighting between rebels and government forces in the tiny sleepy town , an hour 's drive from the capital Damascus . "  We cleansed Maaloula from all the Assad dogs and all his thugs , " a rebel commander shouts at the camera in a video posted online over the weekend . What the capture will mean for the Christian residents waits to be seen . As the 18-month-long Syrian conflict festers , the government and the opposition welcome and need Christian support . But some Christians fear radical Islamists have been swelling rebel ranks . They also fear the same fate as a number of Christians during the war in Iraq , where militants targeted them and spurred many to leave the country . Christians make up roughly 10 % of the population . Syria is ruled by a government dominated by Alawites , whose faith is an offshoot of Shiism . The regime is opposed by an opposition with a large Sunni presence . Aid agencies say Syria 's 2 million Christians are often targeted for suspected sympathies to President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Two top bishops have been kidnapped ; a well-known priest is missing . Antoinette Nassrallah , the Christian owner of a cafe in Maaloula , told CNN last year she had seen government TV images depicting radical Muslim attacks on Christians . She said she has heard about such violence in Aleppo . "  For now in our area here it 's fine , " she said last year . "  But what I heard , in Aleppo , they are killing , destroying many of churches -- very , very old churches . " Many of Syria 's Christians have fled to Lebanon where they shelter in monasteries . On Saturday , they joined in prayers for peace promoted by Pope Francis in Rome . Last year , the U.S. Treasury imposed sanctions on leaders of al-Nusra while the State Department blacklisted it as a foreign terror organization linked to al Qaeda in Iraq . Al-Nusra Front has emerged as one of the most effective groups in the Syrian resistance , drawing on foreign fighters with combat experience in Iraq and elsewhere . But Washington accuses the group of using the Syrian conflict to advance its own ideology and ends . Elsewhere in Syria , Russia sent a plane to pick up its citizens from the war-torn Middle East nation , state media reported Sunday .	What the capture will mean for Christians waits to be seen Some Christians fear radical Islamists have been swelling rebel ranks Aid agencies : Christians often targeted for sympathies to al-Assad 's regime
Sixty years after the overthrow of Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh , a declassified CIA document acknowledges that the agency was involved in the 1953 coup . The independent National Security Archive research institute , which published the document Monday , says the declassification is believed to mark the CIA 's first formal acknowledgment of its involvement . The documents , declassified in 2011 and given to George Washington University research group under the Freedom of Information Act , come from the CIA 's internal history of Iran from the mid-1970s and paint a detailed picture of how the CIA worked to oust Mossadegh . In a key line pointed out by Malcom Byrne , the editor who worked through the documents , the CIA spells out its involvement in the coup . "  The military coup that overthrew Mossadeq and his National Front cabinet was carried out under CIA direction as an act of U.S. foreign policy , conceived and approved at the highest levels of government , " the document says , using a variation of the spelling of Mossadegh 's name . While this might be the CIA 's first formal nod , the U.S. role has long been known . President Barack Obama acknowledged the United States ' involvement in the coup during a 2009 speech in Cairo . "  In the middle of the Cold War , the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically elected Iranian government , " the president said . In 2000 , then-U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright spoke of the intervention , and in the same year , the New York Times published what it said was a leaked 1954 CIA-written account of the overthrow . Iranians elected Mossadegh prime minister in 1951 . Quickly , the leader moved to nationalize oil production in the country -- a move that would have been a serious blow to the United States and Britain and a win for the USSR . Because of the failure of oil negotiations with Iran , along with a number of other issues , the United States was concerned "  that Iran was in real danger of falling behind the Iron Curtain . " "  If that happened , it would mean a victory for the Soviets in the Cold War and a major setback for the West in the Middle East , " Donald N. Wilber , a principal planner of the mission , wrote within months of the overthrow . "  It was the aim of the TPAJAX project " -- that was the mission 's code name -- "  to cause the fall of the Mossadeq government ; to reestablish the prestige and power of the Shah . " Shortly after Mossadegh 's election , the CIA began to plan his overthrow . The goal of the coup was to elevate the strength of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and appoint a new prime minister -- Gen. Fazlollah Zahedi . Before the coup , the agency -- along with the British Secret Intelligence Service -- helped foment anti-Mossadegh fervor using propaganda , according to CIA documents . "  In Iran , CIA and SIS propaganda assets were to conduct an increasingly intensified effort through the press , handbills and the Tehran clergy in a campaign designed to weaken the Mossadeq government in any way possible , " Wilber wrote . On August 19 , 1953 , the coup swung into full effect as the CIA and British intelligence agency helped pull pro-Shah forces together and organized large protests against Mossadegh . "  The Army very soon joined the pro-Shah movement and by noon that day it was clear that Tehran , as well as certain provincial areas , were controlled by pro-Shah street groups and Army units , " Wilber wrote . "  By the end of 19 August ... members of the Mossadeq government were either in hiding or were incarcerated . " In order to provide Zahedi , the country 's new prime minister , with some stability , the "  CIA covertly made available $ 5,000,000 within two days of Zahedi 's assumptions of power . " After the coup , Mossadegh was sentenced to death , but the sentence was never carried out . The former leader died in Tehran in 1967 . Even 60 years removed , the 1953 coup still hangs over U.S.-Iran relations . Iranian politicians and religious leaders still use the coup as a way to foment anti-American sentiment . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Iranian president from 2005 until earlier this year , demanded apologies from the United States for "  crimes " the CIA committed in Iran during the 1953 coup . "  The issue is more than academic , " wrote Byrne of George Washington University . "  Political partisans on all sides , including the Iranian government , regularly invoke the coup to argue whether Iran or foreign powers are primarily responsible for the country 's historical trajectory , whether the United States can be trusted to respect Iran 's sovereignty , or whether Washington needs to apologize for its prior interference before better relations can occur . "	A newly declassified document acknowledges the CIA 's hand in ousting Mohammad Mossadegh While this might be the CIA 's first formal nod , the U.S. role has long been known The CIA used propaganda , along with other politicians and leaders in Iran , to unseat Mossadegh Even 60 years removed , the 1953 coup still hangs over U.S.-Iran relations .
CNN  -- Marcel Siem held his nerve amid a late charge from Francesco Molinari to take the Open de France -- his first European Tour title for eight years . The German finished on eight-under-par , one shot better than Molinari who recorded a final-round 64 on Sunday , the lowest score of the week at Le Golf National in Paris . The Italian was six shots off the pace prior to Sunday 's finale and double bogeyed the first hole but went on to make nine birdies . But Siem held held firm , despite a dropped shot on the 18th , to take his second title on the European Tour , and his first since the 2004 Dunhill Championship . "  I 'm so happy . This means a lot to me , " Siem told the European Tour 's official website after picking up a check for $ 640,000 . "  First , after eight years it does n't matter what kind of tournament you won ; it 's huge , because you 've got the confidence again . "  Every time I 've played consistent golf this year , and there were so many times up there , I could n't make it . Stupid things happened the whole time . "  It means so much to me to win after that long stretch . It 's all about winning in the end and it puts so much pressure every time you do n't win and people start talking , you will never win again and stuff like that , so it 's very important for me . "  I love this golf course . I always loved it and I love it even more or even better now . I 'm super happy . " Molinari hit just 29 shots on his closing nine holes and despite missing out on the title , he was delighted with his form . "  It 's been just an unbelievable day really , " he said . "  I had a really bad start , but two years ago when I finished second here , I doubled the first on the last day . "  From then on , it was just great golf . I had a couple of good breaks and finally a lot of putts going in the hole . "  I was in the moment , in the zone and I was n't really counting the birdies . The game has been feeling well all week and everything was coming out perfect . " World No. 3 Lee Westwood shot a closing round of 70 to finish 40th a day after an injury scare nearly forced him out of the tournament . "  The leg is fine - it was n't a problem today , " he said , after fears he may have to miss the year 's third major , the British Open at Royal Lytham and St. Annes starting on Thursday week . Meanwhile , the U.S. PGA Tour saw a sixth first-time winner this season when rookie Ted Potter Jr. claimed the Greenbrier Classic title after a playoff on Sunday . The 28-year-old beat fellow American Troy Kelly with a four-foot birdie putt at the third extra hole to earn a place at the British Open , the FedEx Cup playoffs and next year 's Masters . He also earned a two-year tour exemption plus the financial security of a $ 1,098,000 windfall as first prize , having shot a second successive six-under 64 to join Kelly on -16 at the end of 72 holes . "  It was just a big relief , " said the left-hander , who had missed five successive haflway cuts before the West Virginia tournament . "  All the struggles the last few weeks , knowing that now I 've got a couple years to try to improve on my game and win some more tournaments . " U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson had led after three rounds , and held a one-shot advantage going into the final nine holes as he did at the Old White TPC course last year , but he faded to a tie for seventh on -11 after three successive bogeys derailed his challenge .	German Marcel Siem wins the Open de France at Le Golf National Siem holds off late charge from Francesco Molinari to win by one shot Lee Westwood fine after an injury scare during Saturday 's round Rookie Ted Potter becomes PGA Tour 's sixth first-time winner of 2012
CNN  -- A wind of change blew through Hawaii Monday and thankfully it was gentle enough to allow the PGA 's Tournament of Champions to finally get under way . For three days in a row the 30-strong field , all of whom won a PGA Tour event in 2012 , had to sit idly by as play was canceled due to strong winds and driving rain . It led to the bizarre sight of Rickie Fowler officially starting the new campaign three times , after his first two attempts were derailed by the weather . But once the action began Dustin Johnson 's detailed preparation for the competition showed , as his six practice rounds prior to teeing off in Maui helped him shoot rounds of 69 and 66 to lead on 11-under-par . The U.S. Ryder Cup star leads by three shots from fellow countryman Steve Stricker , with 2012 Masters champion Bubba Watson a further shot back .	Dustin Johnson leads the PGA Tour 's Tournament of Champions in Hawaii Play was abandoned on Friday , Saturday and Sunday due to strong winds Johnson leads on 11-under after the field played 36 holes on Monday Steve Stricker , Bubba Watson and Keegan Bradley all in the chasing pack
The Arkansas Supreme Court on Friday struck down the state law governing how death-penalty inmates are executed by lethal injection . The court ruled 5-2 that "  the legislature has abdicated its responsibility and passed to the executive branch ... the unfettered discretion to determine all protocols and procedures , most notably the chemicals to be used , for a state execution . " The ruling does not invalidate Arkansas ' death penalty but does leave the state without a way to execute prisoners because it struck down the entire law dealing with how the death penalty is carried out . That includes the designation of electrocution as the backup method in case of a legal challenge to lethal injection . Associate Justice Jim Gunter , writing for the majority , said the law does not include an explicit "  severabilty clause " that would allow portions of the law to stand even if others were found unconstitutional . It is unclear whether the state will appeal the ruling , but Gov. Mike Beebe said he does not plan to call legislators into a special session to draft a new law . "  I will review what the options are , talk to the attorney general and key legislative leaders and will study the way other states have handled these rulings . I hope to have a proposed remedy in the next few months , " he said . The ruling came in a lawsuit brought by death row inmates who alleged that Arkansas ' Method of Execution Act of 2009 violated the state Constitution 's separation of powers doctrine . The ruling partially affirms a decision by the Pulaski County Circuit Court judge who found the law unconstitutional on grounds that it granted too much discretion to corrections authorities in determining the cocktail of chemicals used in executions . The law allowed corrections officials to choose from a short list of drugs or select or "  any other chemical or chemicals " to put inmates to death . The court has previously ruled that lawmakers must include "  reasonable guidelines " for executive branch agencies to follow in writing laws . The law governing executions did n't follow that rule , Gunter wrote . "  The statute provides no guidance and no general policy with regard to the procedures for the  Arkansas Department of Corrections  to implement lethal injections , " Gunter wrote . The Supreme Court agreed that the measure violated the state 's separation of powers doctrine but said the circuit judge erred in striking only the portion of the law that allowed corrections officials complete discretion in crafting the chemical blend . In a dissenting opinion , Justice Karen R. Baker wrote that the ruling flies in the face of rulings in other states , including Texas , Florida , Delaware and Idaho , finding that giving discretion to corrections officials does not violate state separation of powers provisions . The law provides a suitable "  general framework " within which corrections officials must operate , she wrote . The court also lifted an injunction imposed by the circuit judge prohibiting state officials from acquiring execution chemicals "  by any means that violates state or federal law , " according to the Supreme Court ruling . In their lawsuit , inmates had argued that the state had violated federal drug-control laws by obtaining a drug -- sodium thiopental -- from a retailer in the United Kingdom . The drug 's manufacturer stopped making it in the United States in 2009 because of a shortage of raw materials and then scrapped plans to make it in Italy after authorities there objected to its likely use in U.S. executions . Since , shortages of the drugs have disrupted executions in several states , including Texas and Arizona . Federal Drug Enforcement Administration agents also seized some of the drug from Georgia officials in 2011 . Justices said the injunction was inappropriate because the inmates had not asked for an injunction against using sodium thiopental from any source other than the U.K. retailer Dream Pharma . Arkansas last executed a prisoner in 2005 , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . Currently , 40 prisoners are under death sentences in Arkansas , according to the state Department of Corrections website .	Governor says no plans for special session on death penalty law Arkansas Supreme Court says lawmakers gave too much discretion to corrections officials Death row inmates said law violated separation of powers The ruling does not invalidate the state 's death penalty
CNN  -- Samantha Stosur stopped Caroline Wozniacki from clinching the year-end women 's No. 1 tennis ranking with a shock 6-4 6-3 victory at the WTA Championships in Qatar on Wednesday night . The Australian romped to her second straight victory in the Maroon Group , following her revenge win over French Open champion Francesca Schiavone on Tuesday . The Roland Garros runner-up 's kick serve was a potent weapon against Wozniacki , with the triumph giving the 26-year-old every chance of reaching the semifinals ahead of her final group match against Russia 's Elena Dementieva on Thursday . It was her second victory over a top-ranked player this year , having beaten Serena Williams on the way to reaching the final in Paris . The fifth seed fired 26 winners to Wozniacki 's 14 , and could afford to serve two double-faults in the deciding game before the Dane returned a backhand long on her first match-point . Wozniacki , who thrashed seventh seed Dementieva on Tuesday , will next take on Italy 's Schiavone on Thursday . Kim Clijsters , who won the $ 4.5 million season-ending event in 2002 and 2003 , earlier triumphed in her opening White Group match 6-2 6-3 against fellow former No. 1 Jelena Jankovic despite serving 10 double-faults . The Belgian , returning to action after having a mole cut off her foot , broke Jankovic to love in the first game of the match and then again in the seventh . The three-time U.S. Open champion was less impressive in the second set but had enough to see off the Serbian , who is struggling with illness in the oppressive heat in Doha . "  It was n't my best tennis , but it was good enough . I felt I did a lot of good things , and there are a few things I need to tweak . The more matches I get , the better it will go , " said Clijsters , who plays eighth seed Victoria Azarenka on Thursday . Azarenka was disappointed after squandering a great chance to upset second-seeded Russian Vera Zvonareva , with the Belarusian losing 7-6  7-4  6-4 in the day 's first match despite leading by a break in both sets . "  I had a lot of chances and was very unlucky in some moments . There were like one million nets from her side , " Sunday 's Kremlin Cup champion told the event 's official website . "  It 's part of the game though . I think I played a good match and I 'm still in the group -- I still have chances to play further . I 'm going to keep fighting and trying to do my best . "  It 's very humid here . Sometimes your racquet just slips out of your hands . It 's the same conditions for everybody , but I had less time to prepare than anybody else . I 'm still happy to be here and I have to regroup from today . " It was Zvonareva 's second successive win , following her victory over Jankovic on Tuesday , and she is the only player in the eight-woman field who can overtake the 20-year-old Wozniacki in the rankings . "  It 's maybe one of the longest straight-set matches I 've ever played . We 've played so many times before , I 'm just happy to get through , " said Zvonareva , who trailed 4-2 in the first set and 3-1 in the second before winning in one hour 45 minutes . Meanwhile , the United States has named former men 's No. 1 player Jim Courier as the successor to Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe . The 40-year-old , who twice won the teams event as a player , takes charge ahead of next March 's World Group first-round clash with Chile . McEnroe had been captain for 10 years , but stood down last month . The U.S. lost 3-2 to Serbia in the opening round in March .	World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki beaten by Samantha Stosur at WTA Championships Australian wins her second successive match , while Dane suffers first defeat Kim Clijsters wins on return from injury and second seed Vera Zvonareva also triumphs Jim Courier appointed as captain of United States men 's team for the Davis Cup
CNN  -- Eight people who shared a flight with tuberculosis-infected traveler Andrew Speaker on May 24 filed suit Thursday against him in a Canadian court . TB patient Andrew Speaker set off an international health scare when he traveled to Europe for his wedding in May . Canadian Press reported the suit , filed in Quebec Superior Court , seeks $ 1.3 million  Canadian $ 1.4 million  in damages . Speaker , a 31-year-old Atlanta , Georgia , lawyer , caused an international uproar when he disregarded doctors ' advice and traveled abroad to get married , potentially exposing his fellow passengers to the disease . Speaking with CNN from a hospital in Denver , Colorado , where he is undergoing treatment , Speaker said he is aware of the pending litigation but has not heard from his attorney in Montreal , Canada . "  I am not some trust-fund baby , and there is nothing to go after , " he said . Rosalind Yee -- an attorney for the plaintiffs who said her clients include a ninth person related to one of the passengers but who was not on the flight -- said all eight passengers have undergone TB tests since they returned home . One of them , a 72-year-old man , tested positive for TB on a skin test , though it was not clear that Speaker was the source . The man 's X-rays were normal , she said , and he is awaiting results of further tests . Speaker and his fiancee flew to Europe May 12 , despite warnings from the Fulton County Health Department in Georgia that he should not fly because he was infected with a multidrug-resistant strain of the bacteria called MDR-TB . Once there , the CDC said , test results back in Georgia indicated he had a rare , more serious strain of the tuberculosis bacilli called extensively drug-resistant TB , or XDR-TB . That news led U.S. public health officials to try to persuade Speaker to turn himself in to Italian health authorities so that he would not risk infecting others . Speaker has said he disregarded their recommendation and returned to North America on a commercial flight from Prague to Montreal because he had been told he was not infectious , he could not afford to hire a private plane , and he was afraid that , if he were to remain in Italy , he would not be able to get the cutting-edge treatment available in the United States . Speaker was allowed on May 24 to cross from Canada into the United States at Champlain , New York , despite a warning from the CDC to border agents that he posed a public health threat and that a CDC doctor should be alerted if Speaker were to seek entry . The Customs and Border Protection officer said he let Speaker enter the country because the man did not appear sick . The officer was suspended and later retired . Doctors at National Jewish Medical and Research Center in Denver have since determined that Speaker is infected with MDR-TB , not the more serious XDR-TB . The CDC says the change in diagnosis would not have affected their recommendations regarding travel . E-mail to a friend	Eight people on flight with Andrew Speaker sue him for $ 1.3 million Lawsuit is filed in Canada , where plane carrying litigants landed Georgia health officials say they recommended Speaker avoid travel Patient 's diagnosis downgraded to a less dangerous strain of disease
CNN  -- The Champions League is back -- but do you know who the rising stars of this year 's competition are likely to be ? CNN asked one of Europe 's leading scouting experts , Tor-Kristian Karlsen , to give us his top five young players to watch out for in this season 's competition . But did Tor get it right ? You can tweet him here with your own picks . Alen Halilovic "  Barcelona 's attacking midfielder Halilovic , who made his full international debut Croatia at the age of 16 , is currently playing for the Catalan club 's B side but is expected to make his way into the first team this season . Hakan alhanoglu " alhanoglu is a 20-year-old attacking midfielder who plays for Bayer Leverkusen . A supremely talented German-born Turkish international , the free-kick specialist is already starring for his new club following his $ 14.5 million move in July . " Ruben Neves "  Next up is Neves , he 's just 17 and is a central midfield player for FC Porto . The teenage sensation became the club 's youngest goal scorer when he got Porto 's first goal in the opening round of the Portuguese championship . He 's an intelligent midfielder with wonderful vision and passing ability . Kingsley Coman "  Coman is an attacking midfielder who plays for Juventus and he 's just 18 . He was snapped up by the Italian champions after failing to agree a new deal with Paris Saint-Germain . Quick , agile with excellent technique , his mesmerizing runs from midfield are a headache for any defense . Lucas Ocampos "  Monaco 's Ocampos , a 20-year-old forward , is equipped with great physique , brilliant ability on the ball and a wide range of skills . He can play on either wing or as a floating forward and is expected to break into the Argentina national team any time soon . " Who will come out on top ? So those are the five youngsters to watch out for -- but which team will end up lifting the trophy on June 6 in Berlin ? We asked our CNN sports team which team they fancied to triumph this season and here 's what they think . John Sinnott : "  Football is a simple game , " former England international Gary Lineker once said . "  Twenty-two men chase a ball for 90 minutes and at the end , the Germans always win . " Which is why Bayern will be crowned Champions League winners . "  Coach Pep Guardiola has had a year to instil his philosophy and Bayern have arguably the strongest squad -- and by strongest I mean the best balanced -- in the competition . The addition of Xabi Alonso 's experience and guile could prove a masterstroke . Tom McGowan : "  Already boasting the attacking talents of Lionel Messi and Neymar , Barcelona added the lethal Luis Suarez to an already potent strike force . With three of the best goalscorers on the planet , supported by the likes of Andres Iniesta and Ivan Rakitic , Barca have enough firepower to shoot down any opposition . " James Masters : "  Diego Costa is the final piece in the Chelsea jigsaw and Jose Mourinho boasts a squad strong enough to go all the way this time around . The addition of Costa has breathed new life into Chelsea with the striker having scored seven times in his first four league appearances . The 2012 champion will see anything but a place in the last four as a failure and given its impressive start to the season , it would take a brave person to bet against Mourinho 's men . " Alex Thomas : " They 're not the best team defensively but you could have said the same thing about last season 's Real Madrid side -- and it was still good enough to claim "  La Decima , " a 10th European Cup . With Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez added to the squad , it can become the first club to retain their Champions League title simply by outscoring the opposition . " That 's what our team has to say , but what do you think ? You can tweet us at @CNNFC or leave us a message on our Facebook page here .	The 2014-15 Champions League starts tonight Scouting expert Tor-Kristian Karlsen picks his top five youngsters to watch CNN team picks its potential champion
Toronto  CNN  -- Toronto 's City Council voted Friday to strip embattled Mayor Rob Ford of his ability to govern in an emergency and to appoint and dismiss committee chairs -- unprecedented moves aimed at reining in the controversial politician . Despite admitting last week that he had smoked crack cocaine in a "  drunken stupor " about a year ago , Ford has defiantly said he will not leave his job and vowed to challenge the actions in court . "  Obviously , I ca n't support this , " Ford told council members , warning that the legal fight will cost taxpayers "  an arm and a leg . " But , he added : "  I perfectly understand where they 're coming from . ... I would have supported what they 're doing . I want to move on . I 'm not mad at anybody . " The City Council meeting reflected the tragicomedic state of municipal affairs in Toronto , where police have investigated the mayor for smoking crack cocaine and other indiscretions . Some council members compared the move to strip Ford of his duties to a coup d'etat . Councillor Anthony Perruzza said he understood the need to bring stability to the city but called Friday 's action a "  dangerous precedent . " "  If you win an election for mayor , you are the mayor , " he said . "  That is the people 's will . ... I do n't want to use the word coup d'etat . That would be over the top . " The council chambers erupted with laughter . The mayor 's brother , Councilor Doug Ford , chastised fellow council members , saying they did n't have the "  moral or legal authority " to strip an elected official of his responsibilities . "  It 's not up to you folks to make this decision , " he said , "  it 's up to the people . " Doug Ford repeated that statement Friday night on CNN , adding that the media had been unfair to his brother , because Rob Ford represented blue-collar workers of Toronto . "  He 's admitted to his faults , and I just wish other politicians would come clean like Rob Ford has , " Doug Ford told AC360 . He insisted that his brother did not have a drug problem . "  I want to be very clear here . Rob does n't come to work and drink and he does n't drink every single day . " Ford said . "  But he does admit that he has excess of drinking at times and he 's getting the medical support from a team of doctors and he 's also gone on a pretty steady diet and exercise program . So we 're confident that he 's going to move forward . " Council actions "  warranted and necessary " Councillor John Filion said the actions were being taken "  reluctantly " but they "  sadly are both warranted and necessary . " The first of two motions , approved by a 39-3 vote , took away Rob Ford 's ability to appoint and dismiss committee chairs , giving him less control over policy . In the past , the influential chairs followed the mayor 's orders for fear of losing their posts . The second motion , stripping Ford 's power during an emergency , was approved 41-2 and is seen as largely symbolic since emergency response decisions are made collectively by the council . Filion said the city was fortunate Ford had not been impaired during a crisis . "  Council delegated those powers and council has the ability to take those powers away , " City Solicitor Anna Kinastowski said at one point in the meeting . Moments before the final vote , Ford said : "  I would 've supported what they 're doing " if another mayor did what he did , "  but since it 's me , I have to support myself . " The meeting Friday could lead to more Monday , when the council says it expects to consider a motion to delegate duties not assigned by statute to the mayor . If approved , the motion would strip Ford of most of his duties . Among other things , the motion calls for reallocating the operating budget of the office of the mayor to the city clerk , according the council 's agenda published online . ` Today I acted on complete impulse ' While fighting for his job Thursday , Ford added to his growing list of missteps . Early in the day , a scrum of reporters approached Ford to ask him about new allegations of drunkenness , drug use and the verbal and physical abuse of aides . In the course of answering , he denied a female staffer 's allegation that he sought to perform oral sex with graphic language of his own , stunning reporters . Later in the day , he backtracked . With his wife at his side , he went back before reporters to say he had been under "  tremendous , tremendous stress " and was getting unspecified support from "  a team of health care professionals . " But he called the latest allegations "  100 % lies . " "  When you attack my integrity as a father and as a husband , I see red . Today I acted on complete impulse in my remarks , " Ford said . He took no questions from reporters , who shouted sharp inquiries at him as he entered the office . "  Mayor Ford , why should we believe you ? Why would you subject your family to this ? " one asked . "  What 's the matter with you , Mr. Mayor ? " another said . Leave of absence ? The Toronto City Council voted 37-5 on Wednesday to ask Ford to take a leave of absence , and most members turned their backs on him when he addressed their Thursday meeting . Even Doug Ford , who has been his brother 's fiercest defender , conceded on CNN that his brother should take a couple of weeks off , to "  let things cool down a bit . " TV show starts Monday In another development , Canada 's Sun News Network announced that the Ford brothers will begin hosting their own TV show on Monday . The show , "  Ford Nation , " picks up where the two brothers left off on a talk radio show that ended its run last week , the network said on its website . A headline on that site posed the question , "  Canada 's Ultimate Reality Show ? " And it quoted Doug Ford saying , "  Rob is like Howard Stern or Rush Limbaugh " and "  You just never know what he is going to say . " "  Mayor Ford seems to be in a no-holds-barred mode , " the network said . "  There is no filter . There is no careful treading . " Critics of Sun News Network have described its conservatism as "  Fox News North , " according to a story about its launch in 2011 by the Toronto Globe and Mail . Locals : Why Rob Ford ` has got to go ' Ford threatens legal action The mayor recently confessed to purchasing illegal drugs in the past two years , while he was in office . But he has steadfastly refused to step down , saying the voters of Canada 's largest city should decide his fate in 2014 . The latest allegations surfaced Wednesday in more than 500 pages of court documents that police used to get a search warrant for Alexander Lisi , Ford 's friend and occasional driver , whom police accuse of marijuana possession and trafficking . Ford responded Thursday morning by threatening legal action against former staffers who claimed the mayor brought a woman appearing to be an escort to his office and drank alcohol while driving . The documents include police interviews with former staff members , information obtained from surveillance crews and cameras , and even an examination of the mayor 's garbage . Several staffers said they were asked to buy alcohol for the mayor of Canada 's largest city . One incident described by a former staffer alleged that Ford , while driving , stopped the vehicle , guzzled some vodka , and drove on . The allegations have not been substantiated by investigators , and Ford faces no criminal charges . He called the allegations "  outright lies . " On Thursday , Ford also said the so-called "  escort " was n't a prostitute , but a family friend . He added that such allegations "  hurt my wife . " "  It makes me sick , " he added . "  I 've had enough . " Ex-staffers detail Mayor Ford 's erratic behavior CNN 's Paula Newton and Laura Dolan reported from Toronto , Lateef Mungin , Matt Smith and Chandrika Narayan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield , Michael Martinez and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	NEW : Toronto mayor 's brother talks to CNN Mayor Rob Ford loses emergency power , right to appoint committee chairs City solicitor : Council delegated those powers and council can take them away Ford apologizes for lewd remark about oral sex on live Canadian television
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Jerry Sandusky 's wife told jurors Tuesday that she could remember at least six of her husband 's accusers staying overnight at their house . She said she did not witness any sexual abuse . One of the accusers had once traveled with them to the Alamo Bowl , Dottie Sandusky said , where she and her husband shared a hotel room with the boy . Many of the accusers testified that they knew Dottie Sandusky , who is not accused of having witnessed sexual abuse . She testified that children would often sleep at the Sanduskys ' house and that "  we would give them a choice of where they wanted to sleep . " Her husband was also typically the one to put the children to sleep , she said , telling jurors that "  he would go downstairs and tell them good night . " Meanwhile , Jerry Sandusky 's attorney told reporters Tuesday to "  stay tuned " to see if his client will testify in a child rape case that has upended Penn State University and its football program . "  You have to wait , " attorney Joe Amendola said just before entering the Pennsylvania courthouse and calling witnesses for a second day . Sandusky , 68 , is on trial on 51 counts related to accusations of sexually abusing 10 boys over a 15-year span . The former Penn State defensive coordinator has denied the charges . Jerry Sandusky trial : All you need to know Questions about Sandusky 's mental health continue to loom over the proceedings . Dr. Elliot Atkins testified that he had diagnosed Sandusky with histrionic personality disorder after interviewing the former coach . But a second psychologist , Dr. John O'Brien , disputed those findings Tuesday , saying that the "  personality profile Mr. Sandusky exhibited was within normal limits . " The prosecution had earlier presented as evidence what one accuser described as "  creepy love letters , " written by Sandusky . They argued the letters were part of "  grooming techniques " commonly employed by sexual predators . Judge John Cleland issued an order Friday allowing a defense motion to offer expert testimony from a psychologist who "  will explain that the words , tones , requests and statements made in the letters are consistent with a person who suffers from a histrionic personality disorder . " "  The goal of a person suffering from this disorder in writing those letters would not necessarily be to groom or sexually consummate a relationship in a criminal manner , but rather to satisfy the needs of a psyche belabored by the needs of such a disorder , " the defense lawyers wrote in their motion . Histrionic personality disorder is part of a class of conditions called dramatic personality disorders , which are marked by unstable emotions and distorted self-images , according to the Cleveland Clinic . Separately , after being subpoenaed by prosecutors , NBC News provided court officials with transcripts and footage of a Bob Costas interview with the former coach , according to NBC spokeswoman Amy Lynn . "  I did n't go around seeking out every young person for sexual needs that I 've helped , " the former coach told the NBC sportscaster in an interview segment that was n't part of the November 2011 broadcast , but has since been aired . Sandusky said there are likely "  many young people who would come forward and say that my methods and what I had done for them made a very positive impact on their life . " If the former coach testifies , those comments could potentially be entered as new evidence . Early in the trial , Amendola implied that Sandusky would take the stand . Closing arguments could begin as soon as Thursday , with the defense expected to end its case midday Wednesday , followed by the prosecution 's rebuttal . Sandusky routinely "  got showers with kids " after working out , and he would say so later , Amendola said Monday . But as the trial nears its end , it remains unclear if Sandusky will speak . Ron Kuby , a veteran criminal defense attorney , said there has been a "  tsunami of evidence against him " and suggested that the former coach should take the stand . Sandusky 's child sex abuse allegations : In his own words "  Just maybe he can convince one juror to hold out , " the lawyer said . "  A hung jury , right now , is a lot better than life without parole . " Prosecutors wrapped up their case Monday morning with brief testimony from the mother of one of the alleged victims . "  He gave him clothes , he gave him gifts , " the mother of an accuser called Victim 9 testified . "  I just wish he 'd given him underwear to replace the underwear I could never find in my laundry . " The final prosecution witness testified Monday that her son seemed to suffer from stomach ailments during the times he was visiting Sandusky and sometimes did not want to visit the former Penn State assistant 's home . But she said she did n't ask him about any possible abuse and still does not know what happened to him . "  I did n't really want to hear , " she said , crying . The defense then opened its case with a former Penn State coach who testified about Sandusky 's stellar reputation in the community . Richard Anderson said it was not uncommon for coaches and youths to use the shower at the same time , and that he had never seen anything inappropriate between Sandusky and a child . The defense called five other witnesses who also said Sandusky had a stellar reputation in the community . A main focus of the defense 's strategy may be to attempt to poke holes in the prosecution 's case thus far . "  A lot of people lied , " Amendola said last Monday in his opening statement . Over four days , several people testified that Sandusky forced them to engage in sexual acts with him in various places , including showers in the Penn State coaches ' locker room , hotel rooms and the basement of his home . ` Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation , betrayal One told jurors that Sandusky -- whom he met , like many of the accusers , through the Second Mile nonprofit for disadvantaged youths that the ex-coach founded -- had threatened him if he told others about the abuse . Another said Sandusky warned he might send him home from a trip to Texas , where they 'd gone to watch a Penn State bowl game . The defense could challenge the accusers ' timetable , questioning if Sandusky could have committed the crimes they claim he did when they say he did . What is histrionic personality disorder ? On Monday , prosecutors dropped one of the 52 counts against Sandusky because the statute he was charged with was n't in effect on the date of the alleged incident . The accuser said the incident occurred in 1995 or 1996 , but the unlawful contact with a minor statute did n't apply until 1997 . CNN 's Dana Garrett , Laura Dolan and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	One accuser also stayed in their hotel room during Alamo Bowl , Dottie Sandusky tells jury Sandusky 's wife says she did n't witness any abuse Sandusky says many young people will say he made a very positive impact on their life Those comments were a part of an unaired portion of an NBC interview with Bob Costas
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on Friday vetoed a bill that would allow same-sex couples to wed , setting up a confrontation with a Democrat-controlled legislature that has vowed to eventually get the bill into law . The General Assembly on Thursday passed the measure , which the Senate had approved Monday . Lawmakers have until the legislative session ends in January 2014 to override Christie 's veto . They would need a two-thirds majority in both houses to succeed . Christie , the subject of speculation as a possible GOP vice presidential candidate , has said the issue "  should not be decided by 121 people in the statehouse in Trenton . " He has advocated putting the issue to a referendum . "  I continue to encourage the Legislature to trust the people of New Jersey and seek their input by allowing our citizens to vote on a question that represents a profoundly significant societal change , " Christie said in a statement . "  I have been just as adamant that same-sex couples in a civil union deserve the very same rights and benefits enjoyed by married couples , as well as the strict enforcement of those rights and benefits . " Recent polling , meanwhile , suggests that New Jersey voters are slightly in favor of legalizing such marriages . Fifty-two percent of state voters approve the measure , the first time the figures have crossed the 50 % threshold , according to a recent Quinnipiac University poll . The study includes a margin of error of 2.6 percentage points . Gay rights groups , which had expected the governor 's veto , have pledged to override it . "  By vetoing the bill that would ensure that all loving , committed New Jersey couples and their families can share in the freedom to marry , with all its protections and meaning , Governor Christie planted his feet firmly on the wrong side of history , said Evan Wolfson , president of the group Freedom to Marry , which had lobbied in favor of the bill . New Jersey currently allows for civil unions , which Christie says he supports . With Hawaii and Delaware joining the list last month , five other states currently recognize such unions . A similar battle is also shaping up in Maryland , where Gov. Martin O'Malley -- a Democrat -- has pushed for his state to join the seven others that allow same-sex couples to marry . On Friday , the Maryland House of Delegates voted 71-67 to legalize same-sex marriage . But no Senate vote has been set , and opponents of the measure have pressed to take the matter to a statewide referendum . Washington state , Massachusetts , Vermont , New Hampshire , Connecticut , Iowa , New York and the District of Columbia currently allow such marriages .	Gov. Chris Christie on Friday vetoed the bill General Assembly OK 'd the bill Thursday ; Senate approved the measure Monday Polling suggests New Jersey voters are slightly in favor of legalizing such marriages
London  CNN  -- Three one-time insiders at the defunct News of the World tabloid testified Monday before a British government-backed panel investigating press ethics and behavior . Former chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck -- who has been arrested in connection with a police probe into phone hacking -- said he would not talk about illegal eavesdropping because of the arrest . He has not been charged . He appeared at the Leveson Inquiry after the paper 's most famous undercover reporter , Mazher Mahmoud , known as the "  fake sheikh " for the disguise he often adopted to get stories . He described doing stories on prostitution and drug dealing , but insisted repeatedly the tabloid "  never engaged in entrapment . " He defended his methodology , saying criminals had gone to prison because of his work . "  Exposing criminality gives me great satisfaction , " said Mahmoud , whose appearance was not televised in order to protect his identity . But he said he had never heard about phone hacking by the News of the World until royal reporter Clive Goodman was arrested for it in 2006 . The inquiry was prompted by widespread public outrage this summer at the revelation that the Rupert Murdoch-owned tabloid had hacked into the voice mail of a murdered 13-year-old girl in 2002 . Murdoch 's son James , the chief executive of the News Corporation subsidiary that published the tabloid , has repeatedly denied knowing about the scale of illegal eavesdropping at his papers . James Murdoch ordered the paper shut down over the scandal . Former News of the World deputy editor Neil Wallis also testified Monday . Like Thurlbeck , he has been arrested and released on bail in a police investigation into phone hacking . He argued that Britain 's downmarket tabloids were the "  ones that people out there want to read , " and far outsold so-called quality papers such as the Guardian and the Times . A former News of the World journalist testified last month that the editors of the tabloid knew that their reporters were hacking phones in search of stories . Paul McMullan named Andy Coulson , who went on to become an adviser to British Prime Minister David Cameron , and Rebekah Brooks , a Murdoch protege , as editors who were aware of the practice . Coulson resigned as editor of the tabloid in 2007 when Goodman went to prison for hacking the voice mails of Prince William 's staff , and he later became Cameron 's communications director . Coulson has always denied knowing about phone hacking , saying he quit the paper because he was ultimately responsible for the actions of his staff . The Leveson Inquiry has been hearing from high-profile figures since last month , including celebrities such as "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling and actor Hugh Grant , both of whom complained about press intrusion into their lives . Police investigating phone hacking by journalists say that about 5,800 people , including celebrities , crime victims , politicians and members of the royal family , were targets of the practice by journalists in search of stories . It involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely .	Former chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck refuses to talk about phone hacking Mahzer Mahmoud says he never heard about phone hacking until an arrest A government-backed inquiry is looking into British press ethics and practices The probe was prompted by the hacking of a murdered teen girl 's phone
