CNN  -- A Delta Air Lines plane returned to Atlanta 's main airport after the crew experienced an "  engine issue , " the airline said early Tuesday morning . Airline spokeswoman Chris Kelly Singley could not elaborate on what the problem was , saying she had heard varying reports . "  A few moments after the plane took off , there was somewhat a loss of power and some passengers noticed a noise , " said passenger Eric Psalmond . "  We turned around and the flight crew announced that everything was fine and that we were just turning around and going back to the airport -- back for landing . " Flight 1323 took off from Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta International Airport and was headed to Los Angeles . Shortly after , the Boeing 757 returned to the airport , Singley said . Another passenger described the plane 's rough landing . "  She stepped on the brakes very hard , " Bert Rudman told CNN affiliate WSB . Once the plane came to a stop , Rudman said , the order to evacuate was given . "  The doors popped off and the flight attendant started encouraging people to move quickly and leave everything on the airplane , " Rudman said . Psalmond said , "  Most everyone was calm and collected but there was a little sense of urgency . " Delta said the 174 passengers on board would be taken to Los Angeles on another flight while the plane is examined .	NEW : Passenger describes a rough landing after engine trouble Airline spokeswoman could not say what the problem was The flight was headed to Los Angeles 174 passengers were on the plane
CNN  -- Roger Federer cruised into the quarterfinals of the Toronto Masters tournament with a 7-6 6-3 win over Frenchman Michael Llodra on Thursday . It earns the former world number one a rematch with Czech Tomas Berdych , who beat him in the quarterfinals to end his reign as Wimbledon champion in a massive upset . Earlier , seventh seed Berdych continued his fine form this season with a hard-fought 6-3 6-7 6-4 win over Alexandr Dolgopolov of Ukraine . Federer , who is playing his first tournament since the grass court grand slam , showed he is returning to best form after an early scare . Llodra went up an early break in the first set , but once Federer drew level it was one-way traffic . The third seed claimed the subsequent tiebreak seven points to two and early breaks of service in the second put him in command . Federer , who has slipped behind Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic in the rankings , will be intent on revenge when he faces his Wimledon nemesis . "  Playing Berdych is going to bring back memories , some not so nice , " he told Sky Sports . Defending champion Andy Murray survived a second set slump to record a 6-2 0-6 6-3 victory over 15th seed Gael Monfils . Scot Murray was in total command in the opener but his French opponent hit back with a vengeance as he whitewashed him in the second . But fourth seed Murray regained his composure and with the injury-hit Monfils receiving treatment for a shoulder problem in the decider , he eased to victory . Washington champion David Nalbandian is also into the last eight , claiming the scalp of fifth seed Robin Soderling as he claimed his 11th straight victory on the ATP Tour , a personal record . The Argentine won 4-6 6-4 6-1 as he broke the Swede 's powerful service six times , sweeping through the decider after falling a set behind . Sixth seed Nikolay Davydenko is also out , the Russian beaten 6-3 6-2 by unseeded Frenchman Jeremy Chardy . World number one Rafael Nadal was playing his last 16 match later Thursday in the night session , taking on giant South African Kevin Anderson .	Roger Federer reaches quarterfinals of Rogers Cup tournament in Toronto Former world number one eases past Michael Llodra in straight sets He next plays Tomas Berdych who beat him at Wimbledon in big upset Rafael Nadal is top seed in the Masters Series tournament
CNN  -- Troubled U.S. insurer AIG will end its shirt sponsorship deal with Premier League and European champions Manchester United next year . End of era : AIG will not renew its four-year sponsorship deal with Manchester United . It was widely believed that AIG would not renew their # 19 million  $ 27 million  per year shirt deal when the four-year contract expired in 2010 , due to the financial troubles the company has suffered . And , on Wednesday , the company confirmed this . "  AIG 's shirt sponsorship with Manchester United runs through May 2010 . We have no plans to renew the deal , " said a company statement . AIG is still restructuring after receiving a bail-out of $ 150 billion from the U.S. Government . They also have a # 5 million  $ 6.8 million  per year deal to run MU Finance , but it is not clear what will happen with that contract . Despite the loss of AIG , a Manchester United spokesman told the UK Press Association that the Premier League giants hoped to better the current deal it had with the U.S. insurer . Have your say : Can football 's giant salaries survive the financial crisis ? "  In line with industry practice , Manchester United is exploring the possibility of a shirt sponsor for the new 2010/11 season . "  The club is in dialogue with a select number of top companies worldwide and has so far received sufficient interest to be confident it can improve on its current # 19 million annual partnership with AIG . " Michael Stirling , managing director of Global Sponsors , predicts United will be able to find a new sponsor who will match those figures . "  I think they will do extremely well regardless of the crisis because they have done superbly in being the world club champions . There will be a lot of interest from major brands that want to be associated with the club , no matter the price , " he told CNN . Massive Indian corporation Sahara are reported in the Indian media to be investigating the Red Devils ' proposals , while Saudi Telecom is another company believed to be a potential new sponsor . World Club champions United also have strong links in both Malaysia and South Korea . Meanwhile , AIG have insisted they will honor their four-year agreement , leaving the Old Trafford club in a better position than when Vodafone gave just six months ' notice before terminating their deal in 2006 .	AIG confirm they will not renew its four-year contract with Manchester United The Old Trafford club believes they can improve on the deal they had with AIG India 's Sahara and Saudi Telecom have been tipped as potential sponsors
Sandy Springs , Georgia  CNN  -- During the week before Halloween each year , Lt. Steve Rose of the Sandy Springs Police Department in Georgia knocks on the doors of every registered sex offender in his jurisdiction . Rose set out in his unmarked Dodge Charger Wednesday with a printout of 20 names to verify that the people on the list live where they say they live . His mission brings him and members of his force to subdivisions , houses , hotels and and apartment buildings in this Atlanta bedroom community of about 85,000 people . "  We do this to give people a level of comfort so they know we 're keeping tabs on them , " said Rose , a former sex crimes detective with 34 years of police experience . Sandy Springs is one of many local law enforcement agencies across the country taking extra steps this Halloween to assure the community that the agencies are keeping track of the sex offenders living among them . There are 686,515 registered sex offenders in the United States , according to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . The Houston , Texas , Police Department says members of its Juvenile Sex Offender Registration Unit performed checks on the residences of registered sex offenders to ensure they are in compliance with the provisions of their parole or probation . They were also told not to decorate their homes , distribute candy , turn on their porch lights or answer the door . Similar restrictions are in place in Nashville , Tennessee . "  This is a proactive effort on our part to ensure community safety , " said Melissa McDonald , spokeswoman for the Board of Parole and Probation . Some registered sex offenders in parts of Arkansas , Texas and Illinois must report to mandatory meetings , which critics have mockingly nicknamed "  sex offender Halloween parties , " for a few hours on Saturday evening . In Rose 's experience , however , most sex offenders keep to themselves on Halloween . In some areas , they can not attend Halloween parties or events such as haunted houses or corn mazes . "  They just want to stay out of trouble , " he said . "  But it 's still incumbent on us to provide the community with the most up-to-date information about these people who are living in here . " Technically , Sandy Springs police are not responsible for verifying the addresses for the state 's sex offender registry . As soon as all the addresses are verified , Rose says he includes the information in his weekly newsletter to the local homeowners ' associations . He 'll also notify the Fulton County Sheriff 's Office , whose jurisdiction includes Sandy Springs , of any incorrect listings . After maneuvering through traffic for nearly three hours in the sprawling suburb , Rose had visited five residences . He spoke with one man , who calls a room at the Intown Suites home . Weekly rates start at $ 199 . "  They do n't have to worry about background checks in places like these , " Rose said as he made his way down the fluorescent-lit hallway , the faint scent of fast food wafting through the vents . He knocked twice , announcing himself as Sandy Springs police , and a tall , thin man opened the door , revealing a sliver of the pitch black room as he rubbed sleep from his eyes . "  Just checking in to verify your address . Has anyone else been by lately ? Sheriff or probation ? " Rose asked . "  Yes . Sheriff . I 'm off probation , " answered the man , who was convicted of receiving child pornography in 2001 . "  Everything OK here ? " "  Yes sir . " "  OK then . Have a good day . " "  Thank you sir , " the man said , closing the door . In two other stops , Rose confirmed with the leasing offices that the offenders were no longer living at the listed addresses . He failed to gain entry to another , and spoke with the roommate of another . "  We 'll go back until we find them , " he said . Such measures , which have been part of the season for years now , are widely perceived to provide the community with a sense of comfort , said Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . "  We applaud and understand the vigilance that these jurisdictions want to take , and I do n't think it hurts anything , but I think it 's important not to feel a false sense of security just because registered sex offenders in the community are required to stay home with their lights off or at a counseling session . It 's not a panacea , it 's not a guarantee , " he said . Allen said there is no evidence of higher incidence of sex offenses against children on Halloween . On its Web site , www.missingkids.com , the center provides parents with tips on how to keep their kids safe on Halloween , from supervising them on rounds to teaching children to be cautious and alert . "  The most important thing for parents is to use this time to talk about safety with their children and share common sense lessons , like only go to homes of people you know , be aware of your surroundings . "	Police in Georgia take it upon themselves to check sex offenders ' addresses Sex offenders in parts of Arkansas , Texas , IIllinois must attend meetings Halloween night Keeping tabs on sex offenders provides community with sense of comfort , police say Measures can create false sense of security , president of child safety group says
CNN  -- The U.S. Army 's official history of the Iraq war shows military chiefs made mistake after mistake in the early months of the conflict . Iraqis watch as a statue of Saddam Hussein is toppled in Baghdad in 2003 . Failures to recognize the chaos engulfing the country and to send in enough troops to restore order after the 2003 invasion have long been highlighted by critics , but a new report shows the Army assessing itself . Frank opinions from officers serving in the 18 months from the start of war to Iraqi elections in January 2005 reveal there were concerns at the time , not just about assumptions made by planners but at decisions taken once U.S.-led coalition forces had control of Iraq . "  I flipped , " Gen. Jack Keane , then the Army 's deputy chief of staff , told the historians of his reaction to a June 2003 decision to transfer control of all coalition troops away from the land forces command that had been preparing for the mission . He recounted a conversation with Gen. John Abizaid , who succeeded the invasion 's architect , Gen. Tommy Franks . "  I said , ` Jesus Christ , John , this is a recipe for disaster . We invested in that headquarters . We have the experience and judgment in that headquarters . " Keane said it took the U.S. command between six and eight months to get the new headquarters up and running . During that time , troops in the field saw the mood of ordinary Iraqis turn against Americans and watched the insurgency take root . "  By the time we got a plan together to resource everything , the insurgents had closed that window of opportunity quickly , " Col. David Perkins , a brigade commander in the Army 's 3rd Infantry Division , told the historians . "  What we started doing in September was probably a good idea to have done in April 2003 . " Franks , who would soon retire and be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom , said he ordered the transition to force the Pentagon to get leaders into the field to work with civilian occupation officials . "  That is a task that John Abizaid and I very simply laid on Washington and said , ` Figure it out . Do it fast . Get me a joint headquarters in here . We have a lot of work to do and -LSB- civilian administrator of Iraq -RSB- Jerry Bremer has a lot of responsibility and he needs help , ' " he recalled . The 720-page report compiled by the Combat Studies Institute at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , details the effects of having too few coalition troops on the ground when the reality after the fall of Baghdad was "  severely out of line " with the anticipated conditions . Previous experience "  should have indicated that many more troops would be needed for the post-Saddam era in Iraq , " historians wrote in the report , "  On Point II : Transition to a New Campaign . " "  The coalition 's inability to prevent looting , to secure Iraq 's borders and to guard the vast number of munitions dumps in the early months after Saddam 's overthrow are indicative of the shortage , " the study found . About 150,000 U.S. and allied troops were in Iraq after the invasion , at a time when war planners were assuming that Iraq 's government would remain functional after Hussein 's ouster and that there would be no mass insurgency . "  These factors were in line with prewar planning for a quick turnover of power to Iraqis and a quick withdrawal of U.S. forces , leaving Iraqis to determine their own political future -- options that proved impossible to execute , " the historians wrote in the report released over the weekend . "  We had the wrong assumptions , and therefore , we had the wrong plan to put into play , " Gen. William Wallace , who commanded the Army 's V Corps during the invasion , told the authors . But some of the most critical decisions were made between May and August 2003 , which some participants called a "  window of opportunity that could have been exploited to produce the conditions for the quick creation of a new Iraq . " Among those decisions were the frequently criticized dissolution of the Iraqi army and the order that barred former members of Hussein 's Baath Party from public life as well as the change in plan over the joint headquarters .	Army history of Iraq war 's first two years says U.S. was unprepared for chaos U.S.-led coalition did n't have enough troops after Saddam Hussein 's fall , report says "  This is a recipe for disaster , " one general recalls saying of one decision
One of the cooler experiences I 've had in recent memory was meeting Elsie Nanugaq Tommy , a spry 104-year-old who started a secret women 's shelter decades ago out of her home in Newtok , Alaska . She 's a bundle of smiles and optimism -- and her legacy of helpfulness already has been passed down to her granddaughter , Denise Tommy , who is executive director of the Tundra Women 's Coalition in Bethel , Alaska , which shelters women and fights violence with educational programs . You should join them in helping to make Alaska a safer place . I recently traveled to the 49th state to try to figure out why it has the highest rate of reported rape in the nation -- and what could be done to change that . Read about the trip at CNN.com / Change .  Readers voted for me to cover this topic as part of CNN 's Change the List project  . And then do something about it . Alaska does n't have to be the state where rape is most common . The lawless ` end of the land ' Here are five simple ways you can help make a difference : 1 . Donate to worthy organizations I came across a number of responsible , effective organizations in Alaska that are working to shelter rape victims and get people talking about what Gov. Sean Parnell called Alaska 's "  epidemic " of rape and domestic violence . Here are four that take online donations and were vetted by Rebecca Angel Baer , from CNN 's Impact Your World group : • Alaska Network on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault • Aiding Women in Abuse and Rape Emergencies , or AWARE • Standing Together Against Rape , or STAR • Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network , or RAINN 2 . Start a petition to get cops in every village There are 75 villages in Alaska with no local law enforcement presence . I visited one such village , called Nunam Iqua , which means "  end of the land " in Yupik , and learned it can take state troopers hours or even four or five days to respond to emergency calls there . Rape and domestic violence can become normal in such a place . There 's a simple solution : Send Village Public Safety Officers , who are unarmed but trained , to the lawless villages . Sexual assault cases are 3 1/2 times as likely to be prosecuted in villages with a VPSO , according to the University of Alaska Anchorage Justice Center . If you want to see VPSOs in every village in Alaska , including Nunam Iqua , I 'd encourage you to start a petition at Change.org or We the People . If you do , please send me the link on Twitter  @jdsutter  , and I 'll add the link here so other readers can sign it . States where rape is most common 3 . Tell your story as part of "  We are the 59 % " Fifty-nine percent of women in Alaska will be raped , assaulted , beaten or threatened with violence in their lifetimes , according to a statewide survey . Stand in solidarity with this majority of Alaskan women by sharing your story of survival . Breaking the silence will help end the epidemic by reminding victims that they are not to blame -- and empowering them to have their voices heard . I met several victims of rape and domestic violence in Alaska who told me their personal healing started when they realized they were n't alone . Visit this CNN.com page to share your story and read other submissions . 4 . Host a "  Choose Respect " rally  from your phone Parnell , the governor , is trying to get the state talking about domestic violence and sexual assault by encouraging people all over Alaska to hold "  Choose Respect " rallies in their communities on March 27 . The idea is for men to choose respect for women rather than using violence against them . I think the statement can also be read as a demand from any person that the rest of society chooses respect for them and everyone else . Hold your own mini - "  Choose Respect " rally taking a photo of yourself and uploading it to Twitter , Facebook or Instagram with the hashtag #chooserespect . Bonus points : Write "  Choose Respect " on your hand . Your photos will show up on this page . If you 're in Alaska , visit this website for info on how to hold a rally . Alaska faces its ` resident evil ' 5 . Demand rape kits are counted and tested More cases of reported rape need to be prosecuted -- and offenders need to be convicted . Otherwise , men assume they can rape with impunity . According to RAINN 's founder and president , Scott Berkowitz , 40 % of rapes are reported and just 3 % result in the offender spending so much as a day behind bars . One way to improve justice for rape survivors is to ensure that forensic evidence collected from crime scenes is tested . There are massive backlogs of so-called "  rape kits " across the country . Hundreds of thousands of kits are untested , activists say , in part because doing so is expensive , and sometimes because these cases are n't given priority . Testing the kits , meanwhile , can result in offenders being charged and convicted . Katie TePas , a senior policy adviser and Alaska 's "  Choose Respect " coordinator , said Alaska 's backlog of forensic evidence "  has been drastically reduced " in recent years . "  I do not think we are in dire straits , unlike some other states , " she said . Orin Dym , the forensic laboratory manager at the Alaska Scientific Crime Detection Laboratory , said his statewide lab currently has 141 "  unassigned requests " for sexual assault kit analysis . It 's possible , he said , law enforcement agencies have additional backlogs they never sent to his lab in Anchorage for analysis . The governor 's fiscal year 2015 budget would include $ 115,000 to speed up the processing of the evidence , TePas and Dym said . Alaska , according to endthebacklog.org and TePas , is part of the majority of states not providing data on the number of untested rape kits and not having legislation to ensure the forensic evidence is tested . You can demand that rape kits in Alaska or in your home state are tested by sending a letter to your elected representatives . EndtheBacklog.org makes it easy to petition your elected officials . 5.1 . Share this post with your friends The more people who know Alaska has an "  epidemic " of rape and domestic violence , the more chance that will change . Please consider sharing this post with friends . Meet Alaska 's pioneer woman	Readers voted for John Sutter to cover rape as part of CNN 's Change the List project Alaska has the highest rate of reported rape in the country -- three times the national average Sutter : You can help reduce violence against women in Alaska
London , England  CNN  -- Apple CEO Steve Jobs this week rebuffed the suggestion that Apple will revolutionize TV in the same way it has reshaped the music industry , mobile phones and tablet computers . But Jobs is bluffing : The time is right for Apple for tackle the TV , and the company 's re-entry into that market is a no-brainer . Just a "  hobby " "  Smarter people than us will figure this out " was Jobs ' deflective response to a question about Apple 's TV aspirations at the D8 Conference on Tuesday . Subsidized business models essentially give customers a set-top box for free , Jobs argued ; why would they pay for another ? He explained that the lack of a national cable operator , not to mention the lack of standards around TV , has led to Balkanization , or the breakup into smaller units : "  It 's a fundamental go-to-market problem . " "  Apple TV is a hobby , " he added in reference to the company 's neglected set-top box offering . Jobs ' denials The deflection is latest in a long line of half-truths from Jobs . It 's a smart tactic that allows the company to lower market expectations and fool competitors . In 2003 , Jobs said of Apple 's rumored entry into the cell phone business : "  We did n't think we 'd do well in the cell phone business . What we 've done instead is , we 've written what we think is some of the best software in the world to start syncing information between devices . " Four years later , the iPhone reshaped the smartphone market . In the same interview , Jobs proclaimed , "  There are no plans to make a tablet . It turns out people want keyboards . We look at the tablet , and we think it is going to fail . " This week , Apple announced that more than 2 million iPads have been sold since the touchscreen device was released in April . Jobs is remarkably consistent in his misdirection . Two years previous to the launch of the $ 499 iPad , he claimed : "  We do n't know how to make a $ 500 computer that 's not a piece of junk . Our DNA will not let us do that . " Prior to adding video support to the iPod , he professed : "  I 'm not convinced people want to watch movies on a tiny little screen . " Before the launch of Apple 's iBook store : "  It does n't matter how good or bad the product is ; the fact is that people do n't read anymore . " Jobs ' denial of a new service is by no means evidence against its existence ; the contrary , in fact . The TV opportunity The Internet-connected TV is an idea that 's finally ripe for consumer adoption . Or more precisely : the TV as a platform . Apple 's iTunes is an obvious starting point to turn the TV into an entertainment hub ; it brings your purchased music , TV shows and movies to the big screen . But Apple TV , the company 's first foray into the television business , boasted this exact integration and failed to take the world by storm . What has changed ? The glaring opportunity is for Apple to bring the App Store to TV . With access to millions of applications -- including games -- on a big screen , the television would finally become engaging . The blockbuster launch of the iPad has proved that a screen , once connected to an endless supply of content and applications through iTunes and the App Store , becomes infinitely more powerful . The TV is simply a larger screen . Competitive pressure This opportunity has n't been lost on Google . Its upcoming Google TV product will run its mobile Android OS . The reason is simple : Thanks to Android , Google TVs will benefit from the app ecosystem Google already built for mobile phones . Google 's strategy also points to a solution to the "  set-top box problem " : While Google will offer a separate box , the company has additionally partnered with Sony to have the software pre-installed in some TVs . Such a union is less likely in Apple 's case , however : Apple has always preferred to create its own hardware . And while Jobs denies that consumers want another box in their living rooms , I 'd wager that rumors of a $ 99 set-top box running the iPhone OS are indeed accurate . Beating Balkanization The cable operator issue is trickier , but similar Balkanization in the phone space proved no barrier to Apple 's iPhone ambitions . The same will be true here . Apple may name multiple cable companies as partners or simply sidestep the problem ; bringing Apple 's app ecosystem to the biggest screen in the house is a compelling proposition on its own . And yet ... Jobs doth protest too much . The Apple CEO explained the cable cartel in such labored terms that he must surely be in the process of untangling that thorny issue . So my bet is that Apple will indeed strike deals with cable companies to produce a comprehensive offering for TV watchers . Apple TV : a matter of time Will Apple take another shot at television ? It 's inevitable . The Internet-enabled TV is coming , and Apple is perfectly positioned to join the fray . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Internet-connected TV is idea that 's finally ripe for consumer adoption In past , Steve Jobs has denied that Apple was planning to enter the cell phone or tablet markets His deflections are smart tactic that allows company to fool competitors
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazilian authorities on Thursday said they were evacuating 4,000 people in the state of Rio de Janeiro after days of heavy rains burst a river dike . According to the Municipal Civil Defense , floodwaters opened up a 20-meter-wide crater in the highway outside of Campos dos Goytacazes , which is about 275 kilometers  170 miles  northeast of the coastal city of Rio de Janeiro . Heavy rains across southern and central Brazil have also wreaked havoc in the state of Minas Gerais , an inland state to the southeast of the nation 's capital of Brasilia . This wet weather spurred mudslides and flooding that earlier killed eight people and forced another 10,000 to leave their homes . This state has declared a state of emergency in 71 towns . January is usually a month with heavy rains . A year ago , more than 800 people died due to floods in the state of Rio de Janeiro .	4,000 in Rio de Janeiro state are evacuated after floodwaters open a 20-meter-wide crater Rains have caused problems in Minas Gerais state , killing 8 and spurring 10,000 to be evacuated January is traditionally a wet , rainy and sometimes deadly month in January
CNN  -- "  Every day and every night I want to see you and be with you . Yet I have no feeling of selfish ownership or jealousy . "  In fact I should always want you to live just as you wanted -- because if you did n't you would change and would n't be you . Let 's go for a long ride Sundays ; let 's go to the mountains weekends ; let 's read books in front of fires ; most of all , let 's really grow together and find the happiness we know is ours . " The dewy-eyed romantic writing those words ? Richard Nixon . On Friday the first in a series of handwritten love letters between a young Richard Nixon and a young Pat Ryan went on display at the Nixon Library and Museum in Yorba Linda , California . The letters began in 1938 -- when they met while auditioning for a community play -- and extended almost up until their wedding day two years later . Former President Nixon died in 1994 , the year after Pat Nixon 's death . She would have been 100 this month . The exhibit at the Nixon Library featuring the love letters will almost certainly reignite the debate about the most controversial and enigmatic U.S. political figure of the last hundred years . Who -- not only in the end , but at the beginning -- was Nixon ? For all his fame , did anyone truly know him ? Most American adults long ago made up their minds about what they think of Nixon , pro or con . But , with the new focus this month on the Nixon Library and Museum , I hope that at least some of you will someday make the trip to Yorba Linda , will leave your political passions at the door for a bit , and will take in something that is absolutely haunting in its quiet power . I have done reporting and research at four presidential libraries , and the part of the Nixon Library I 'd like to recommend to you is by far the most memorable aspect of any of them . Maybe because it is so unexpected . It 's not inside the library itself ; it 's on a side lawn It is a small house . The house where Nixon was born . It is not a replica . It has not been reconstructed or moved from somewhere else . It is the house where Nixon lived for the first nine years of his life . The Nixon Library and Museum was built on the site of the former lemon grove where his father , Frank , tried and failed to make a decent living . Frank Nixon built the house by hand , from a kit . The wood , nails and fittings , ordered from a catalog , arrived at the train station and Richard Nixon 's dad , before the boy was born , put it together . It is so cramped and claustrophobic . That 's what strikes you when you enter the front door . You ca n't just wander through by yourself ; volunteer docents at the library accompany you . Six people lived in the house : Mr. and Mrs. Nixon , Richard and three of his brothers . Two of them would die from illnesses contracted in childhood ; a fifth boy would be born after the Nixons moved away from Yorba Linda . You stand in that structure -- you look at the bedroom , to the left of the front door , and at the bed upon which Hannah Nixon in 1913 gave birth to the child who would end up a president -- and you think of the long and tumultuous life that Nixon would go on , from here , to lead . Most of all -- and this is the inescapable thought as you stand within those four close walls -- you ponder a United States before there was commercial airline travel , before there was television , and you picture the White House , a continent and a universe away . It would seem : You ca n't get there from here . And yet . ... The nature of raw ambition , and the rejection of impossibility , and the need to escape from what is to find out what will be . You stand in that nailed-together-from-a-kit house , and you try to imagine being a boy living there who has not yet learned what it is like to have strangers love you and strangers hate you , or even to have strangers know who you are . In the history of the United States , of all the hundreds of millions of people who have lived and died , fewer than 50 have become president . Where does it start ? "  The living room was the center of our life in this house , " Nixon once wrote . "  Before the days of television and radio , reading and conversation were our major indoor recreation . My first taste of politics came at the dinner table , which was in a corner of the living room . At dinner my father would engage us boys in lively conversations about the events of the day . I owe my early interests in debating to those dinners . Even though I was young , my father believed that no one was too young to have an opinion and to learn how to express himself . " The family 's upright piano is in that living room -- Nixon learned to play not only that , but the violin , the clarinet , the saxophone and the accordion . Near the tiny kitchen with its cast-iron stove is a narrow flight of stairs . The house was not large enough to have a second story ; instead it had kind of a half-attic where all four boys , including the two who would die , Arthur and Harold , slept in a single room . We 're all thinking about the presidency this year , as the country moves toward another Election Day . Whatever your notions of Nixon , however much you may feel that everything that can be said about him has been said , I think you will be fascinated and perhaps moved by your time in that mail-order house , should you ever have the opportunity to go . Just to think , in the silence , about how things turn out the way they do . The American story can occasionally be utterly life-sized . From this spot to the White House , to China , to Moscow , to more than 56 countries , through all the political storms that still , even in death , rage around him . He and Mrs. Nixon are buried behind the house . A journey through life , a journey like no other , and in the end this is where they rest . You ca n't get there from here . But , of course , you can . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says Richard Nixon 's love letters to wife Pat on display at Nixon library He says these , other exhibits raise more quesions about the controversial , enigmatic figure He says boyhood home at the library is cramped ; yet Nixon spoke of closeness with family Greene : Nixon library prompts reflection of how a life can go from there to the presidency
SRINAGAR , Indian-controlled Kashmir  CNN  -- Senior Pakistani and Indian military officials met Tuesday to discuss a border clash in Kashmir , the first major skirmish between South Asia 's nuclear rivals since a 2003 cease-fire . Indian army soldiers on the outskirts of Kashmir 's summer capital Srinagar . Pakistan 's army spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN that Pakistan "  made our point clear " regarding the firefight , which he said began after Indian soldiers crossed the Line of Control that separates Kashmir between India and Pakistan . But an Indian military spokeswoman , Capt. Neha Goyal , told CNN Pakistani troops crossed the Line of Control and "  started firing on our patrol , " killing an Indian soldier . "  Our troops also retaliated and the Pakistan army troopers ran back , " she said . Abbas said "  further action should be taken " following Tuesday 's "  flag meeting , " but did not elaborate . The meeting took place along the Line of Control . Reports in India 's media said four Pakistani soldiers were killed , but Pakistan 's military "  strongly denied the report of any  casualties  on the Pakistani side . " Pakistan 's military also denied its forces crossed the Line of Control , saying the skirmish started when Indian soldiers tried to establish a forward post on Pakistan 's side of the line . "  On Pakistan 's ' objection , Indian troops opened indiscriminate and unprovoked fire , " a Pakistan military news release , posted on Monday , stated . "  The Indian fire was immediately responded to . The firing continued -- intermittently during the whole night . " Pakistan said the Indian soldiers "  were forced to flee from the area leaving behind their weapons " after the firefight . Indian and Pakistani forces have exchanged periodic gunfire since May , but Monday 's clashes appear to be a serious setback to the ongoing peace process between the two nations . India and Pakistan had announced a bilateral cease-fire all along their borders in November 2003 and the cease-fire had been holding on the borders until recently . Kashmir has been at the root of two wars between India and Pakistan , both of which tested nuclear weapons in 1998 . An 18-year separatist campaign in the Indian-controlled portion of the largely Muslim territory has claimed more than 43,000 lives , according to government officials , although human rights groups and nongovernmental organizations put the toll at twice that number . India has long accused Pakistan of supporting the separatists in Kashmir , a charge Pakistan denies . India blamed militants from Pakistan for a suicide car bombing outside its embassy in Afghanistan that killed 58 people on July 7 . A December 2001 attack on India 's parliament that India blamed on the militants brought the two nations to the brink of another war , but they have expanded economic and cultural ties since the November 2003 cease-fire agreement . -- CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta and Mukhtar Ahmad in Srinagar contributed to this report	Pakistan : Fighting began after Indian soldiers crossed the Line of Control India accused Pakistan of attacking one of its patrols , killing a soldier Firefight took place across the Line of Control border in disputed Kashmir region
CNN  -- Saturday was Groundhog Day -- the unofficial American holiday where we wait for a fuzzy rodent to tell us whether spring will arrive early or if we 'll have to endure another six weeks of winter . Relying on the weather predictions of a groundhog may seem like a strange tradition , but the practice dates back to medieval times . The superstitious believed that hibernating animals would emerge from their long winter slumber to check on the weather on Candlemas , which is halfway between the winter solstice in December and the vernal equinox in March . They believed that if the animals saw their shadows , winter would continue , and so they went back to sleep . But if they did n't see their shadow , an early spring was on its way . Famed groundhog Punxsutawney Phil did not see his shadow Saturday morning in Pennsylvania . Neither did his fellow foreteller Staten Island Chuck . In honor of this quirky American tradition , CNN iReport invited people to take a snapshot of their own shadows for a one-day photo challenge and then share their personal weather predictions . Lia Ocampo says she is tired of the frigid weather in Queens , New York , and hopes for an early spring . "  Unfortunately , my shadow predicts a longer winter weather , " she said . "  That means we have to be patient , bundle up more and wait for the spring to come in time . " But Michael Goodling predicts the exact opposite . "  Actually , I believe that temperatures will warm up a bit early this year because of the brutal sub-zero temps all across the country , " he said . Gooding , who recently returned to Springfield , Missouri , from Swaziland , says he has not seen snow in a long time . "  I love snow . I would like to see a good , deep snow where I live . On the other hand , I love spring and how the flowers pop up , trees begin to leaf out , " he said . "  There is such a freshness to spring . " Kathi Cordsen , a long-time resident of Fullerton , California , predicts a shorter winter , too . "  We do n't really have a true winter here , " she said . "  Spring is going to come early as usual . Buds should be on the trees very soon . " Anika Chin contributed to this story .	iReporters capture their shadows for a one-day photo challenge Punxsutawney Phil misses his shadow on Groundhog Day Staten Island Chuck also says spring is on the way
The U.S. ambassador to France met with French diplomats Monday over allegations that the National Security Agency intercepted more than 70 million phone calls in France over a 30-day period . Ambassador Charles Rivkin was summoned to the French Foreign Ministry in Paris after the details of the alleged spying appeared in the French newspaper Le Monde . "  These kinds of practices between partners , that violate privacy , are totally unacceptable , " French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told reporters at an EU foreign ministers meeting in Luxembourg on Monday . "  We must quickly assure that these practices are n't repeated . " U.S. President Barack Obama and French President Francois Hollande spoke Monday , according to a White House statement . "  The President and President Hollande discussed recent disclosures in the press -- some of which have distorted our activities and some of which raise legitimate questions for our friends and allies about how these capabilities are employed , " the news release said . "  The President made clear that the United States has begun to review the way that we gather intelligence , so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share . " A news release from Hollande 's office said he expresed his "  deep disapproval with regard to these practices " to Obama and that such alleged activities would be unacceptable between allies and friends . The two presidents agreed that French and American intelligence services will cooperate on investigating the report , according to the statement from the French president 's office . Earlier , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who was in Paris and met with the Qatari foreign minister , would n't address the specifics of the report , but told reporters that France is one of the U.S. 's closest allies . He added that the countries work together to protect the security of their citizens , which is a "  very complicated task " in today 's world . Kerry said "  lots of countries " engage in intelligence activities to try to prevent terrorist attacks . He said Rivkin would would continue consultations with the French . Millions of calls intercepted The National Security Agency monitored the phone calls made in France , Le Monde reported Monday , citing documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . "  Telephone communications of French citizens are intercepted on a massive scale , " Le Monde said in its online English edition . The intercepts took place from December 10 , 2012 , to January 8 , 2013 , the article reported . An NSA graph shows an average of 3 million data intercepts a day . According to Le Monde , this is how the system worked : "  When a telephone number is used in France , it activates a signal which automatically triggers the recording of the call . Apparently this surveillance system also picks up SMS  text  messages and their content using key words . Finally , the NSA apparently stores the history of the connections of each target -- or the meta-data . " It was n't immediately clear from the article if the conversations were recorded or just the data surrounding each call . NSA leaker Snowden deserves a Nobel Prize , his father says Other spying allegations The report comes a day after the German news magazine Der Spiegel said the NSA "  systematically " eavesdropped on the Mexican government . It hacked the public e-mail account of former Mexican President Felipe Calderon , which was also used by Cabinet members , according to Der Spiegel . The magazine also quoted documents leaked by Snowden . "  This practice is unacceptable , illegitimate and against Mexican and international law , " Mexico 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement . It added that it would push for a speedy investigation . Mexico lashes out against report of U.S. spying "  In a relationship between neighbors and partners , there is no room for the practices alleged to have taken place , " the ministry said . A senior U.S. State Department official told CNN that the Mexican government reached out about the report and that the two governments will be discussing it via diplomatic channels . The NSA said it would not "  comment publicly on every specific alleged intelligence activity , and as a matter of policy we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations . " "  As the President said in his speech at the U.N. General Assembly , we 've begun to review the way that we gather intelligence , so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share , " the agency added . In September , Mexico and Brazil summoned U.S. ambassadors after media reports that the United States had spied on their countries ' presidents . A Brazilian news report described the alleged espionage , citing Glenn Greenwald , a Brazil-based journalist who similarly obtained documents from Snowden . Glenn Greenwald to join media venture backed by eBay founder Omidyar One of the alleged NSA documents leaked to Greenwald dates from June 2012 , a month before Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto was elected . In it , the candidate talks about whom he would select for his Cabinet if elected . The documents did not reference any specific communications with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff but show the methods the NSA allegedly used to track e-mails and mobile phone communications with close advisers . "  It was very clear in the documents that they had already carried out the spying , " Greenwald told Globo TV 's Sunday night program "  Fantastico . " "  They are n't talking about something they are planning ; they are celebrating their spying successes . " Opinion : Your life , under constant surveillance	Presidents of two nations talk about the report , White House statement says U.S. ambassador meets with French diplomats over spying allegations Le Monde : The NSA intercepted more than 70 million French phone calls over 30 days A weekend report said the NSA "  systematically " eavesdropped on the Mexican government
The purse was by designer Baby Phat , and it was only $ 5 . But when Elizabeth Deiter bought it at the thrift store where she works , she immediately had to run over to the bank and deposit money to avoid running a negative balance . She and her husband only recently caught up on their rent , after four or five months , and Deiter has close to 100 purses already , but she still went for the bargain . In thinking about this and other splurges on things she did n't need , Deiter has begun to consider herself a compulsive shopper . "  I am ashamed of it , " says Deiter , 22 , of Reading , Pennsylvania . "  I 've screwed up a lot . I know I should stop . " With holiday season discounts running rampant online and in stores , it 's especially easy to fall into the trap of overspending this month , especially if you have a problem with impulse control at the mall . But beyond carelessness with finances , compulsive shopping is a mental disorder that psychologists recognize , although it has not been studied extensively . For compulsive shoppers , buying something creates a feeling related to the euphoria that alcohol induces , said Bonny Forrest , a psychologist in San Diego . As with alcoholics , it 's hard to keep away from that rush of pleasure . About 6 % of women and 5.5 % of men are compulsive buyers , according to a 2006 study from Stanford University in the American Journal of Psychiatry . The mental disorder has not been studied extensively , but it is thought to be an impulse control disorder . April Lane Benson , New York psychologist and author of "  To Buy or Not to Buy : Why We Overshop and How to Stop , " estimates that between one third and one half of compulsive buyers eventually turn into hoarders , but some just buy a lot of items and get rid of the old ones . Where does compulsive shopping come from ? Sometimes , people acquire objects as a way of dealing with chaos and feeling out of control , Benson said . "  You buy something , you 're in control of it , " she said . It may also be related to childhood . Parents may have given presents instead of time and attention , leading a child to grow up wanting to get more material possessions . Other people may have grown up with a lot of emotional or financial deprivation , and when they 're able to afford shopping for themselves , they overbuy as a way of not going back to the way things were . Another theory is that "  we buy as a way of trying to deal with our fears of death and the inevitability of death , " Benson said . Compulsive shopping sometimes goes hand in hand with alcoholism and eating disorders , Forrest said . It 's not currently a separate diagnosis in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , the "  Bible " by which mental health professionals identify conditions . Psychologists usually view it as an issue of impulse control rather than a sign of obsessive-compulsive disorder ; OCD medications do not tend to work for shopping problems , Forrest said . There 's no hard line between treating yourself to a pair of shoes on a bad day and being a compulsive shopper -- it is a spectrum . When shopping causes distress in your relationship or if shopping is the only way you can deal with negative feelings , it can be a real problem , Forrest says . Compulsive shoppers might have continued arguments with their spouses over money and ca n't afford basic necessities , she said . Deiter can relate to this . "  When I 'm upset , it happens more often . I get into an argument with my husband or my day is not going right , I definitely spend more , " Deiter said . When her husband asks her what happened to the other $ 400 that was supposed to be in their bank account , she honestly does n't know -- she does n't remember what she spent it all on . And she says her husband has threatened to end the marriage if her spending puts them behind in the bills again . Shopping addicts are especially vulnerable right now because retailers play up the hysteria of limited chances at bargain prices . Someone with feelings of low self-esteem might equate having a good holiday with buying things . Especially given the slumping economy of the past few years , consumers are made to feel that , with regard to making certain purchases , it 's now or never . "  Think of a car 's brakes . If you do n't have brake fluid you ca n't stop , " Forrest says . "  With the impulse to gamble , drink , shop , you ca n't put the brakes on . " Deiter remembers her buying habits started small , with snacks . Then she moved on to Five and Below , which she thought would be cheap , but ended up spending $ 140 at once there . Two months ago , she bought $ 80 worth of beads to make jewelry ; the beads are still in a box . "  I always end up finding a way to pay the bills , " she said . "  Then , I 'll fall into old patterns . " Deiter learned about the phenomenon through the movie "  Confessions of a Shopaholic , " but she only stopped to think about herself that way a couple months ago . She has joined an online support group , but the meetings happen while she 's at work , and she does n't have enough money for a therapist . She has n't found any meetings in her area , either . She wrote about her problem on the blog Secret Regrets . One strategy that helps some compulsive shoppers curb their habits is to pay in cash , so they see how much they 're spending , Forrest said . They also can try going shopping with other people who can act as a check , making sure they do n't overspend . Online , they might want to avoid storing credit card information , so that it 's harder to make a purchase before thinking about it . Forrest recommends waiting 24 hours before actually buying something you do n't really need , to give yourself time to reconsider . Another source of help might be an online support group , such as Debtors Anonymous . Benson has a whole program planned out for compulsive shoppers . It begins with examining why they impulsively overshop and what are triggers and consequences of that behavior . She helps her clients examine the costs and benefits of spending in this way , "  I have them really think through the vision of what they want to be true in their lives , so that they can project ahead and see whether the way they 're living their lives now is likely to get them to where they want to be , " Benson said . Motivation to change comes from recognizing the disconnect between who they want to be and who they are right now , Benson said . She then takes them through the nitty-gritty of finances : How much did they spend and how much did they want to spend ? How much could they have saved by not buying so much ? This is a nine-week process . Clients also create a "  shopping self-portrait , " in which they envision themselves buying something they later regretted purchasing . What needs are they fulfilling by shopping ? Love and affection , belonging , self-esteem , the esteem of others , and autonomy are all needs that the client may wish to consider fulfilling in different ways , instead of going to the mall . "  The underlying rubric of the whole thing is to really get in touch with what it is you really need , and how to get that , " Benson said . "  It 's not that sixth pair of black boots . "	About 6 % of women and 5.5 % of men are compulsive buyers Compulsive shopping sometimes goes hand in hand with alcoholism and eating disorders Compulsive shoppers may have continuing arguments with their spouses over money
CNN  -- President Obama on Thursday made clear his view on the membership of women at the Augusta National Golf Club : They should be admitted . The issue of the membership of the club that hosts most prestigious golf tournament is being scrutinized because the top executive at IBM , Ginni Rometty , is a woman . IBM 's sponsorship of the Masters tournament guarantees club membership for its officers , but the club does not allow women to join . The White House weighed in Thursday . "  The president 's answer is yes , he believes women should be admitted , " White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters at a briefing . Specifically , Obama believes it is "  up to the club to decide ,  but  his personal opinion is that women should be admitted to the club . " The Republican presidential candidates also weighed in . Mitt Romney agreed that it is up to the club to decide on female members when asked about the issue at a campaign event Thursday . "  Of course , " he said . "  I am not a member of Augusta . I do n't know if I would qualify . My golf game is not that good . Certainly if I were a member , if I could run Augusta , which is n't likely to happen , of course I 'd have women into Augusta . " Rick Santorum , in a statement e-mailed to reporters , said , "  I encourage Augusta to accept women members , but I recognize their right as a private organization to decide for themselves . " Newt Gingrich said his wife , Callista , a golfer herself , would be a "  great member . " During his annual media session Wednesday , Billy Payne , chairman of the Augusta National Golf Club , did not comment specifically on Rometty . "  Well , as has been the case , whenever that question is asked , all issues of membership are now and have historically been subject to the private deliberation of members , " he said . "  That statement remains accurate ; it remains my statement . " IBM spokesman Ed Barbini told CNN on Wednesday that the company would not comment on the controversy . Most Augusta patrons seem untroubled by the policy The question of Rometty 's membership has again brought the gender controversy to the forefront . Women 's rights activist Martha Burk tried to change the exclusionary policy nine years ago when she showed up at the Augusta entrance to lead a series of protests against men-only membership . Her efforts were in vain . Now , she says , "  the boys " at Augusta , members and sponsors alike , find themselves in a big bind . "  The ` woman problem ' is back , " she wrote in a column for CNN on Tuesday . Burk says there are only two choices at hand : Augusta can open its doors to women , or IBM can yank its money and force its male executives to resign from the club . "  Those are the only two options that are viable that are going to wash with the public , " Burk told CNN last week . Augusta 's membership -- which includes titans of industry and finance -- has been male-only since the club 's opening in 1932 . When Burk tried to change things in 2002 , Augusta 's then-chairman , Hootie Johnson , resisted , saying that gender integration would not come "  at the point of a bayonet . " In 2006 , Burk was among a group of Exxon shareholders who accused the company of violating its discrimination policies by supporting the tournament . Nonmembers can play on the course only when hosted by members . Augusta is famously secretive about its membership , and the club declined to comment on the issue , as did IBM spokesman Chris Andrews . "  Augusta is a private club , and their personal membership is an internal matter , " he said . IBM , however , has played a role in changing policy before . The company pulled television ads from the PGA Championship when it was played at the whites-only Shoal Creek golf club in Alabama . The club admitted its first African-American in 1990 and now claims former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice as a member . Augusta also did not welcome its first black member until 1990 , when Gannett television division president Ron Townsend joined the club . On the eve of the 2012 Masters opening Thursday , speculation surfaced that Payne , known to be more progressive than his predecessor , would offer Rometty a membership , but only after the tournament ends and the gender debate dies down . "  Sorry , but that dog wo n't hunt , " Burk wrote . "  Telling Rometty to be a good girl and wait a little longer with IBM 's collusion would be a disaster -- not only for the company 's image , but for Rometty 's credibility as its leader . " More and more people are asking Augusta to man up and get rid of what they say is a discriminatory policy from the past . Payne did not announce any sweeping changes from the hot seat Wednesday . That means that Rometty will probably not show up this year in a green jacket . The question is : Will she ever ?	Obama believes women should be allowed to join , spokesman says Augusta National chairman says membership is "  subject to the private deliberation of members " Ginni Rometty , IBM 's top executive , can not join despite her company 's sponsorship Her status has reignited the gender controversy as the Masters begins
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The heads of state of Russia , China and four Central Asian partner nations signed a statement Thursday opposing outside intervention in Syria and Iran . "  We believe any attempts to resolve the Iranian issue by force are unacceptable , " the statement from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization read . "  Such attempts could lead to unpredictably serious consequences , which would threaten stability and security in the region and the entire world . " The heads of state of the other member nations , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , who attended the meeting hosted in Beijing , also signed the statement . On Syria , the Shanghai Cooperation Organization statement was less blunt , calling for "  dialogues that respect Syria 's sovereignty , independence and territorial integrity . " But on Wednesday , Russian president Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Hu Jintao had stronger words about Syria , once more presenting a united front on the crisis that stands in opposition to tough measures discussed by Western powers . "  Both sides firmly oppose any attempt to resolve the Syrian crisis through foreign military intervention as well as promoting forced ` regime change ' at the U.N. Security Council and other venues , " the two presidents said . Instead , they reiterated support for the mediation efforts of U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan and called on all parties in the conflict to stop violence and engage in dialogue . As permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , China and Russia have veto powers and are important players in the Syrian conflict , having vetoed draft resolutions that called for sanctions against the Syrian regime . In February , they vetoed a draft resolution calling on President Bashar al-Assad to step down , claiming it lacked balance . And last Friday , they both vetoed a U.N. resolution condemning last month 's massacre in Houla . The vetoes drew criticism from the Syrian opposition and Western powers . Pressure has been mounting on China and Russia to use their influence on Syria and join efforts led by the United States to impose more sanctions on the al-Assad government and force it to step down . Last Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton urged China and Russia to be "  part of the solution in Syria " by backing a political transition from the al-Assad regime . Based on the tone of the joint statement , observers say it seems unlikely that China and Russia are going to change their positions on Syria anytime soon . This year , the Shanghai Cooperation Organization granted Afghanistan "  observer status " in its organization . In its closing statement , it called for the country to become "  an independent , neutral , peaceful and prosperous nation . "	Russia and China display a united front on Syria and Iran The two major powers and their regional partners oppose military intervention The stance opposes Western ideas of tougher measures
Istanbul  CNN  -- A court in Turkey 's capital , Ankara , lifted a ban on the YouTube video sharing website Friday , the semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . The ruling came a day after Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's office said Turkey 's ban on the social media service Twitter had been lifted . Ankara 's Golbasi Court opted Friday to lift its March 27 ruling that barred access to all YouTube content , Anadolu reported , but decided to continue a block on 15 specific YouTube links . In its ruling , the court said that blocking access to the website was contrary to fundamental rights and freedom of expression , the news agency said . It 's not clear how soon the ruling will come into effect . Access to YouTube still appeared to be blocked for Turkish users Friday . The restoration of Twitter came after Turkey 's Constitutional Court ruled Wednesday that the ban violated the right to free expression and demanded that citizens ' access to the popular microblogging service be restored . Several Twitter users told CNN on Thursday that the social media service was now functional inside the country . Disruption to the service began hours after Erdogan threatened to "  eradicate " Twitter at a campaign rally on March 20 , blaming social media for fueling anti-government rhetoric . The YouTube ban was imposed less than a week later . Turks went to the polls in nationwide municipal elections Sunday . Wiretap leaks The Turkish government said its YouTube block was a response to the leak of a conversation between top government officials purportedly discussing the possibility of going to war with neighboring Syria . Turkey 's top media regulating agency announced a similar ban on the broadcast of the conversation to television and radio channels . Members of Turkey 's political elite have been battered by a campaign of wiretap leaks recorded by unknown operatives and distributed daily on the Internet for more than a month . Until the purported Syria-related leak , all of the wiretaps seemed to be recordings of phone conversations among Erdogan , his inner circle , government officials and top corporate executives . Erdogan , of the ruling Justice and Development Party , has called some recordings "  immorally edited material , " including a conversation in which a man who sounds like the Prime Minister purportedly instructs his son to hide tens of millions of dollars in cash from police investigators . But he has also confirmed the authenticity of other wiretaps , in which he is heard instructing the head of a major television news network to cut short the live broadcast of a rival politician 's speech in parliament . Turkey 's government has accused social media platforms , including Twitter and Facebook , of being used to spread false information and lies . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : Access to YouTube still appeared to be blocked for Turkish users on Friday Access to Twitter was restored in Turkey on Thursday after a Constitutional Court ruling Turkey 's Prime Minister last month blamed social media for fueling anti-government rhetoric
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Jaime Escalante was ahead of his time . And today , more than 30 years after the Bolivian-born math teacher put East Los Angeles ' Garfield High School on the map by convening 14 students in his very first AP calculus class , the rest of the educational establishment is still trying to catch up . Escalante -- who was immortalized in the 1988 film "  Stand and Deliver " -- died this week at his son 's home in Roseville , California , after a bout with cancer . It was way back in 1978 when Escalante began teaching calculus to Mexican-American kids from the barrio . That 's more than two decades before President George W. Bush challenged the nation 's public schools to acknowledge and overcome the "  soft bigotry of low expectations , " and Escalante was already fighting that battle . He knew all about low expectations -- most of them coming from jealous colleagues and visionless administrators . More important , Escalante knew the recipe for how to overcome those low expectations and teach students to succeed . It starts , he would say , with "  ganas " -- the desire of students to learn , coupled with the desire of teachers to teach . Mix in two parts hard work , a cup of sacrifice , and a dash of "  anything is possible . " Oh , because you 'll inevitability meet up with cynics and critics who try to derail you , to make themselves feel better about their own failings and to sustain their prejudices about who can learn and who ca n't , it does n't hurt to put in a spoonful of attitude of the sort embodied in Evita Peron 's quip : "  It does n't matter what the morons say . " All across the United States , students and teachers come to the classroom with tons of built-in excuses of why they ca n't or wo n't do what they know they need to do . And so , it 's no wonder so little gets done . Just as it 's no wonder that those who try to break through that culture and actually teach students who have been written off often meet with resistance . One of the things I remember from the years I spent teaching the children of Mexican farm workers in central California was that sometimes , it seems , students and teachers are competing to see which group is the most victimized . Escalante had no interest in that game . Personally , I think it was because he was an immigrant . Here you have someone who arrived in the United States with very little money , who was n't able to speak the language , but went on to mop floors and work as a short-order cook by day . He learned English and earned math degrees , and a teaching credential by night , on his way to working for an electronics company . Then he followed his passion into teaching . You know people like that , or you did . Think Grandpa . Think Grandma . Take out "  Bolivia " and fill in "  Italy " or "  Ireland . " Those people do n't want to hear your problems and why you think you ca n't do something . It 's embarrassing . You whine about how hard you have it and how the odds are against you , and they just arrived from a place that makes your troubles look like a day at the beach . That 's how it was for the man who was eulogized this week by Jay Matthews , education reporter for the Washington Post , as "  the most famous and influential American public school teacher of his generation . " Escalante had no interest in hearing why poor Mexican-American kids from a barrio high school could n't learn calculus , ace a national test and go on to attend prestigious universities . He was too busy making it happen . I met Escalante once in the late 1980 's at a black-tie affair in Washington . But , the more memorable encounter took place a couple of years earlier , while I was in college . I had placed a long distance call to Garfield High School and left a message . A student group on campus wanted him to speak . To my surprise , after seeing a message that the school receptionist had scribbled down as being from simply "  Ruben at Harvard , " he called me back . To my amusement , I soon realized the reason he did was because he thought I was another Ruben at Harvard -- a former student . For a lot of public school teachers in America , especially those who teach socio-economically disadvantaged kids , that kind of call might be unusual . Not Escalante . His former students from Garfield were sprinkled all over the Ivy League -- not just at Harvard , but also at Yale , Princeton , Columbia , Cornell and other universities . I 'd sometimes meet them at student conferences , and there was always something special about them and how they carried themselves . There was that badge of honor , that additional bit of confidence that came from being one of an elite group of high achievers who demolished the low expectations of others . These were Jaime 's kids . That 's an impressive legacy -- and , in the case of an extraordinary educator who still teaches us what 's possible in our public schools when you ditch the excuses , and have the ganas to make it happen , a well-deserved one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	America 's schools still have a lot to learn from Jaime Escalante , who died this week Ruben Navarrette says the celebrated teacher did n't expect low achievement from poor , minority students He says that by aiming high , Escalante got extraordinary results from students
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian Prime Minister Esam Sharaf shuffled his Cabinet Sunday , amid protests calling for the interim government to quicken the pace of reform . Sharaf appointed Hazem El-Beblawi , a newly-named deputy prime minister , to replace outgoing Finance Minister Samir Radwan , said ministry spokesman Ibtisam Saad . The prime minister accepted the resignation of Industry Minister Samir Al-Sayyad , according to Ahmed Saman , spokesman for Sharaf . It was not immediately clear who would replace him . Sharaf also appointed new health and transportation ministers , Saman said . The antiquities minister submitted his resignation , which was accepted , the spokesman added . The moves come amid an ongoing shakeup in the government , which is under pressure to speed up the pace of reform since President Hosni Mubarak resigned on February 11 after protests . Egypt 's Foreign Minister Mohamed el-Orabi , who had been in office for less than a month , stepped down on Saturday . Several people working within the current government have been criticized for allegedly being too close to the former leader and those who helped suppress demonstrations last winter . Thousands of disgruntled pro-democracy activists have again descended on Cairo 's Tahrir Square , setting up tents in the iconic roundabout that was the hub of the uprising . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and Sharaf 's caretaker cabinet have been in charge of the country since Mubarak 's ouster . Egypt 's military rulers have scheduled parliamentary elections for September . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	NEW : New health and transportation ministers are appointed The finance and industry ministers quit Hazem El-Beblawi will be Egypt 's new finance minister The interim government is under pressure from protesters to quicken the pace of reform
CNN  -- Two photographs of Madonna set to appear in a Christie 's auction next month will probably sell for at least $ 10,000 each , according to estimates posted on the company 's Web site . Christie 's will auction a nude photo of Madonna  partially shown above  taken by Lee Friedlander . One , a full-frontal nude black-and-white photograph of the singer , was taken in 1979 by celebrated American photographer Lee Friedlander for a series of nudes he was working on , said Milena Sales , a spokeswoman for the auction house . Madonna was about 20 when the photograph , one of several , was taken . A handful from the shoot appeared in Playboy magazine in 1985 , Sales said . Christie 's put price estimates for the photograph at $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 . The second photograph of Madonna was taken in the 1980s by Helmut Newton . In the Newton photograph , which is in color , Madonna is wearing a short dress and black stockings with garters . The circumstances behind the photo shoot were not immediately clear . The auction will take place in New York on February 12 .	Christie 's to auction Madonna photos One is full-frontal nude shot taken by Lee Friedlander Nude photo expected to sell for $ 10,000 to $ 15,000
CNN  -- Roughly etched onto Brian 's arm is a swastika tattoo . Brian 's sinister-looking tattoo is etched into his skin The 11-year-old says his 10-year-old friend Temashi spent two days "  scratching " the image onto his skin with a match stick . It only hurt a little bit , said Brian , one of thousands of Zimbabwean children who have fled their ravaged homeland for what they hope will be a better life in South Africa . For Brian and his friend , the symbol of the swastika does not represent the horrors of Hitler and the Holocaust . Instead , they say the ominous jagged lines on their arms mean "  Germans never surrender . " It is a twisted interpretation that , however misguided , gives strength to Brian , marking him as a "  man " and "  someone who does not surrender , " he said quietly in a soft voice . Watch the boys explain what the tattoos mean to them " Brian and his young compatriots from Zimbabwe are on their own in a new country . Charities such as Save the Children and UNICEF classify them as "  unaccompanied minors , " but those words do not begin to describe their situation . They endure unimaginable hardships traveling to South Africa by themselves or with small groups of friends . They hitch rides on trucks , trains and taxis . Brian and his friends told CNN that when they got to the South African border at Beitbridge authorities let them walk through without passports or other documents . They then made their way to the border town of Musina , where boys beg on the streets or work on farms , and girls seem to disappear into South African society . UNICEF representative Shantha Bloemen said many Zimbabwean girls either turn to prostitution or work as domestic servants . Nearly all of the children -- some younger than 10 -- leave Zimbabwe because they hope their life will be better in South Africa . They said hunger , non-functioning schools and poverty were the reasons they left . Many are orphans , while some have parents , but they all dislike Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's regime -- a government that has left them with no choice but to abandon their homes and join the exodus south . A quarter of Zimbabwe 's population has fled the country , mostly to neighboring South Africa , Botswana and Mozambique , humanitarian groups said . The United Nations and Save the Children , which has an office based in Musina , report there has been a troubling increase in the number of children under 18 years old who are making the risky journey south from their homes in Zimbabwe to South Africa in search of work and food . Social workers from Save the Children and UNICEF told CNN that in June , 175 Zimbabwean children came over the border illegally and alone . In November , 1,016 kids made the same perilous journey . The boys older than 16 hang around Musina , sleeping on the sidewalk by a sports stadium along with older homeless men . Their days are spent waiting in line , jostling alongside hundreds of Zimbabwean adults , trying to apply for political asylum at a makeshift center opened by South African authorities . A South African official who processes asylum applications says it is common for youngsters to lie about their age so they can get the papers to stay in the country legally . Many , though , can not get the necessary papers because they do not carry documentation or have adults who can vouch for who they are and where they come from . So , they wander the streets , begging for money . The younger ones like Brian are picked up by police and housed in a safe place until authorities and aid agencies can figure out what to do with them . While they wait for a future that never seems to arrive , boys like Brian and Temashi -- a legacy of Mugabe 's regime -- struggle to survive in the world they now find themselves in .	25 percent of Zimbabwe 's population has fled the nation , humanitarian groups say In November , 1,016 kids traveled to South Africa , social workers say Most children say they leave due to hunger , poverty , non-functioning schools Boys work in South African farms , beg on streets ; girls become prostitutes , maids
Editor 's Note : Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter is founder of The Carter Center , a not-for-profit organization that seeks to "  prevent and resolve conflicts , enhance freedom and democracy , and improve health . " Read more on human rights defenders : http://www.cartercenter.org/homepage.html Jimmy Carter says closing Guantanamo Bay and ending torture would send a strong message . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It has been heartening to witness the outpouring of worldwide enthusiasm over the election of Barack Obama as the next president of the United States , a transformational moment for our country . Our incoming president has huge challenges ahead of him , and he will undoubtedly reach out to other world leaders to help address the most difficult problems . A high priority will be the restoration of human rights , which have been badly eroded in recent years . President-elect Obama has reiterated his decision to close Guantánamo Bay detention center and end U.S.-sponsored torture . Also under discussion is the establishment by the U.S. government of an independent commission to examine the actions that led to these shameful policies and practices . Together , these steps would signal a renewed commitment to the cause of universal human rights long championed by the United States . As this year marks the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the reassertion of these fundamental rights is necessary . While the U.S. government has much work to do in this regard , there will have to be a concerted international effort to achieve meaningful protection of human rights , even as the issue of security continues to demand our attention . The American people and our courts have rejected the proposition that some people 's rights can be suspended arbitrarily ; to do so violates the very core of our democracy . Hopefully , those working to establish democratic practices and institutions worldwide will seize upon this development and convince their own fellow citizens that democracy and human rights are worth the struggle . The international community , including a newly energized United States , should move swiftly and decisively to support the local heroes who risk much to advance this cause . Human rights defenders from throughout the world are participating in our annual conference at The Carter Center this week to share the challenges they face , and to decide how the international community can best support their efforts . For years , these activists have told us that when the United States engaged in torture and indefinite detention , their decades of struggle for rights began to erode . Dictators who had felt pressure from the United States to improve rights were suddenly off the hook . With new leadership in Washington , a clear and principled message on the centrality of human rights can help set a new tone . Too often , the international community has failed to respond to emerging crises , partly because voices of the oppressed are missing in policy discussions . Had the international community heeded the warning of human rights defenders in the former Yugoslavia , Rwanda , Darfur , and the Democratic Republic of Congo , more robust and coordinated diplomacy and even limited intervention may have averted these crises . Catastrophic conditions exist in Congo , Zimbabwe , Sudan , Myanmar , Afghanistan and elsewhere and will require unprecedented cooperation to resolve . It is time to embrace the idea that when human beings are systematically abused , international peace and security are inherently threatened . In such situations , the global community should spare no effort to help societies in distress . Crises like these can be assuaged before they escalate if there is determined global leadership and cooperation . Human rights defenders are on the frontlines of this battle , and we must protect them when they face danger because of their work . We must do a better job of listening to their diagnoses of issues and be receptive to their proposed solutions . And we must strengthen their voices and help to protect them in a collective , undeniable commitment to create the world of peace and freedom that many of us enjoy and we all desire . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jimmy Carter .	Jimmy Carter : It 's heartening to see world enthusiasm over Obama 's election New president has pledged to close Guantánamo and end torture , he says Carter : These steps would signal renewed U.S. support for human rights He says U.S. is vital in sending message to dictators about human rights
CNN  -- The attorney for former Liberian President Charles Taylor accused the former agent for supermodel Naomi Campbell of lying in her testimony at an international court Tuesday . Courtenay Griffiths said Carole White 's account of Campbell receiving "  blood diamonds " from Taylor 's men was "  a complete pack of lies . " White has been testifying at the war crimes trial of Taylor , who prosecutors allege funded a brutal civil war in Sierra Leone using so-called blood diamonds , or those that have been mined in conflict zones and used to fund the fighting . White was with Campbell for a dinner hosted by Nelson Mandela in South Africa in 1997 , which Taylor also attended . At the end of the dinner and before the guests returned to the presidential guest lodge , White said she heard a discussion about getting diamonds to Campbell later that night . Taylor was present for "  at least part " of the discussion , she said . Farrow : Campbell said diamond was from Taylor Late that night , before she or Campbell had gone to bed , White said men in suits threw pebbles at her second-floor window to get her attention . They said they had a gift for Campbell . She said she went to Campbell 's room and told her , but Griffiths disputed her account . "  I suggest you 're a liar , " he told White in court . "  And I suggest that this account of what happened that night is a complete fabrication . " Continuing the story , White said she and Campbell went downstairs and opened the doors of the guest lodge to let the men in . "  I think she was quite excited that , finally , these diamonds had arrived , " White said of Campbell . Q&A : Africa 's ` blood ' diamond shame The supermodel testified last week that two men knocked on her door while she was sleeping and gave her a pouch , saying it was a gift . She said she opened the pouch the next morning to find "  dirty-looking stones " that turned out to be diamonds . White testified Tuesday , however , that that account did n't make sense , because the men needed access through the main lodge door before knocking at a guest 's room , and there had been no one else downstairs to let them in . It was 1 or 2 a.m. and no staff or guards were downstairs in the guest lodge , she said . Griffiths asked White whether she told her famous client that she should n't have accepted a gift from two strange men in the middle of the night . White said she did n't do that until the morning . Naomi Campbell 's friend turns over diamonds to police "  When I woke up in the morning , I thought about it and decided that I definitely knew it was very illegal to take diamonds out of South Africa , " she said . "  I do n't know how I knew that , but I knew it , and so I had a conversation with Naomi -- most likely in her bedroom because I would have been getting her up -- and I told her that I did n't think that those diamonds should go out of South Africa . " White said she suggested Campbell give the diamonds to a charity . Campbell testified last week that she did not know the diamonds were from Taylor . She said she passed the stones to a friend , Jeremy Ratcliffe , a trustee of the Nelson Mandela Children 's Fund . She said she asked him to use the stones in a charity auction to raise money for underprivileged children . The Nelson Mandela Children 's Fund denied last week that it had ever received diamonds from Campbell . A police official testified Friday that Ratcliffe had given the diamonds to South African police hours after Campbell testified about them . Taylor , 62 , was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 . The war crimes charges against him stem from the widespread murder , rape and mutilation that occurred during the civil war in Sierra Leone , fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill , given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior and were often instructed to rape and plunder . Naomi Campbell testifies at Taylor war crimes trial The trial is taking place at the U.N.-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone , at The Hague , Netherlands . Taylor is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , enslavement and sexual slavery and violence . He also faces five counts of war crimes , including acts of terrorism and torture , and one count of other serious violations of international humanitarian law . He has pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors had rested their case against Taylor in February 2009 but reopened it to call Campbell to testify after learning Taylor had given the supermodel a diamond . When arguing to reopen the case , prosecutors said Campbell 's testimony would prove that the former president "  used rough diamonds for personal enrichment and arms purchases , " according to papers filed with the U.N.-backed court . Taylor has testified that he never handled the precious stones . The men who dropped off the diamonds to Campbell never said they represented Taylor , White testified , but Campbell was clear about who they had come from , White said . When she met with Ratcliffe , Campbell told him she had received the diamonds from Charles Taylor , White testified . Actress Mia Farrow testified Monday that Campbell named Taylor as the person who gave her a diamond . At breakfast the next morning , Farrow said , Campbell told her the men had been sent by Charles Taylor and had given her a "  huge diamond . " It was unclear why Farrow spoke of a single diamond and Campbell testified about several smaller ones . Griffiths summed up his questioning Tuesday with an attack on White 's testimony . "  Quite frankly , Mrs. White , I suggest that your account is a complete pack of lies , and you 've made it up in order to assist in your lawsuit against Ms. Campbell , " he said . "  Put bluntly , for you this is all about money , there ai n't nothing funny . I have no further questions . " One of the judges then told a stunned White that she must respond , even though Griffiths had not prompted her . "  I can categorically tell your honor it 's not a lie , " White said . "  This happened . I have told people after the journey in '97 -- people that I trusted -- this story , because it was quite funny at the time , although it 's not so funny now . "  It 's totally the truth . It has nothing whatsoever to do with my business argument with Naomi Campbell , and I do n't really see the relevance of the gentleman 's argument . But this is not about money , this is about a very serious matter , and I am telling the truth . " Griffiths said in court last week that White launched a lawsuit against Campbell in October for breach of contract .	Charles Taylor 's attorney accuses Naomi Campbell 's former agent of lying Carole White disputed Campbell 's testimony from last week She said Campbell knew that the diamonds given to her in 1997 were from Taylor White denies her testimony has anything to do with a separate lawsuit
CNN  -- Piracy off the coast of Somalia rose nearly 200 percent in 2008 compared to the year before , with bolder attacks over greater distances , an international piracy monitor said Friday . The French military on patrol in the Gulf of Aden . Somalia and the Gulf of Aden were the worst areas for piracy in 2008 , according to the annual report from International Maritime Bureau 's Piracy Reporting Center  PRC  . It said 42 vessels were hijacked there and 815 crew members taken hostage -- more than any place else in the world . The increased ability of pirates to sail farther out to sea , coupled with the inability of the Somali government to respond , led to what the report called an "  unprecedented " rise in piracy in the area . The problems off the Somali coast contributed to a global rise in piracy , which was up 11 percent in 2008 from the year before , the report said . "  The 2008 statistics surpass all figures recorded by the PRC since it began its worldwide reporting function in 1991 , " said IMB Director Captain Pottengal Mukundan . Worldwide in 2008 , a total of 49 vessels were hijacked and 889 crew members taken hostage , the report said . Eleven crew members were killed and 21 others are missing and presumed dead . The pirates are targeting every kind of vessel and are better armed and prepared to assault and injure the crew , the report said . Incidents involving guns nearly doubled from 72 in 2007 to 139 last year . Pirate attacks last year included the hijacking of the largest ship ever taken by pirates , an oil supertanker called the Sirius Star . Attackers seized the giant ship and its 23-man crew in November and only released it last week after receiving a $ 3.5 million ransom payment . The carrier 's crew was released unharmed . Last year 's uptick in hijackings off East Africa has already spurred a number of international navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden . Mukundan said he hoped that more governments would authorize their naval forces to patrol the region . "  International navies are the only ones capable of effective response against piracy in the region and can help to secure the safety and security of this major maritime trade route , " Mukundan said . Nigeria ranks second in world piracy with 40 reported incidents last year , including five hijackings and 39 crew members kidnapped . The main difference between the East and West African pirate activities is that almost all the incidents in Nigeria are conducted within its territorial waters , whereas most of the incidents along the East coast of Africa and the Gulf of Aden occur on the high seas , the report said . That means vessels in the Gulf area have a much harder time staying away from pirate-infested waters . The motives for the attacks are also different . In Somalia the motives are financial while in Nigeria they are at least partly political , the report said . Under-reporting of piracy in Nigerian waters is also a problem for the International Maritime Bureau , the report said . While 2008 appeared to be a bad year for piracy , the report noted declines in other areas of the world , especially in Indonesia . Mukundan said sustained anti-piracy efforts by Indonesian authorities have resulted in declines every year . More than 121 attacks were reported there in 2003 but only 28 were reported last year , most of which were opportunistic , low-level attacks , Mukundan said . Only two attacks happened last year in the Malacca Straits , which lie between Indonesia and Malaysia , compared to seven the year before , the report said . Farther south , the Singapore Straits saw a slight rise in incidents , going from three to six , the report said . "  This welcome reduction has been the cumulative result of increased vigilance and patrolling by the littoral states and the continued precautionary measures on board ships , " the report said . "  With the world economy in its present uncertain condition , there is a possibility of piracy increasing . Navies and coast guards must continue therefore to maintain their efforts against pirates . "	Somalia , Gulf of Aden confirmed as worst area for piracy in 2008 42 of 49 hijackings in 2008 were in the region , says Piracy Reporting Center PRC says international navies are the only ones capable of effective response
CNN  -- U.S. Supreme Court justices peppered attorneys with questions Tuesday over whether an Arkansas inmate should be allowed to grow a beard as part of his religious faith . Gregory Holt , also known as Abdul Maalik Muhammad , is a Muslim who filed a handwritten petition with the high court . He cited rights under the federal Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act , or RLUIPA . He wants to grow the beard as part of his religious faith and his attorneys claim he had offered to keep it to a "  half-inch " as part of what Holt called a "  compromise . " In their response , Arkansas corrections officials cited security concerns in their refusal to accommodate . Justices to debate prisoner 's religious right to grow a beard According to the state of Arkansas , current policy allows only a "  neatly trimmed mustache " and inmate beards could pose a security risk to guards and the public : Prisoners who escape could shave their facial hair , altering their appearance . And weapons and other contraband could be hidden in heavy beards or inside their cheeks , covered by facial hair . Justice Samuel Alito was skeptical : "  As far as searching a beard is concerned : Why ca n't the prison just give the inmate a comb and say comb your beard ? And if there 's anything in there -- if there 's a SIM card in there or a revolver or anything else you think can be hidden in a half-inch beard , a tiny revolver -- it 'll fall out . " Chief Justice John Roberts addressed the issue of how to define "  neatly trimmed . " "  One of the difficult issues in a case like this is where to draw the line , " Roberts said , addressing Holt 's lawyer . "  And you just say : ` Well , we want to draw the line at a half-inch because that lets us win . ' And the next day someone 's going to be here with 1 inch . And then 2 inches . Administrative Directive 98-04 . D of the Arkansas Department of Correction permits beards only for those "  with a diagnosed dermatological problem . " But in his self-initiated plea to the justices , Holt complained that he and fellow Muslims were forced "  to either obey their religious beliefs and face disciplinary action on the one hand , or violate those beliefs in order to acquiesce " to the facial hair policy . Read Holt 's original handwritten petition to the Supreme Court  PDF He cited the Hadith -- literary traditions and sayings of the Prophet Mohammed -- which says , "  Allah 's Messenger said , ` Cut the mustaches short and leave the beard  as it is  . ' " Holt said he offered to keep his beard to a half-inch as a "  compromise , " but that was rejected . Forty states and the federal correctional system allow beards of varying lengths , say his attorneys . Holt is housed at the Varner Supermax , a 468-bed , ultra-maximum security section of the correctional facility in Grady , Arkansas , near Pine Bluff . Officials point to Inmate 129-616 's self-admission as a "  Yemen-trained Muslim fundamentalist " with a violent criminal past . He had been indicted by a federal grand jury for threatening to harm then-President George W. Bush 's two daughters . A few years later , he was convicted in state court and sentenced to life in prison for breaking into the home of his ex-girlfriend and severely wounding her , slitting her throat and stabbing her in the chest . Law enforcement officials say he threatened to wage "  jihad " against anyone who helped convict him , both at trial and later behind bars . But Holt 's lawyers say his criminal history is not at issue , but rather the state 's continued restrictive policies . "  What they really seek is absolute deference to anything they say just because they say it , " attorney Douglas Laycock told the justices at the start of the one-hour argument . "  There may be deference to prison officials , but there must be concrete limits to that deference . " Justice Antonin Scalia questioned Holt 's claim of a compromise in growing a trimmed beard . "  Let 's assume in the religion that requires polygamy -- could I say to the prison : ' I wo n't have three wives , just let me have two wives . ' I mean , you 're still violating his religion , it seems to me , if he allows his beard to be clipped to one-half inch , is n't he ? " When Laycock said the inmate should not be punished for being "  reasonable " in his request , Scalia shot back , "  Religious beliefs are n't reasonable . " State leaders had a simple message for the courts : Allow us room to decide which restrictions work best within each institution 's unique circumstances . David Curran , representing the state attorney general 's office , said "  common sense " was applied in a reasonable way when the no-beards policy was enacted . But that brought tough questions from the bench . "  You have no comparable rule about hair on one 's head , where it seems more could be hidden than in the beard , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , "  where you hide something in a beard and it might drop out . " And Justice Stephen Breyer : "  There 's no example , not a single example in any state , that allows beard policies where somebody did hide something in his beard , " a point the state conceded . Arkansas also argued growing facial hair could make it hard to identify inmates -- either behind bars or if they escape . Alito again : "  Why is that so ? Are you saying that somebody with or without a half-inch beard -- that 's a bigger difference than somebody who has longish hair , versus the same person with a shaved head ? " The Obama administration is backing Holt . Some legal analysts say the justices have traditionally been deferential to the security judgments of prison officers . The beard case is one of three high-profile disputes over religion that will be heard by the justices in coming weeks . One involves the ability of Americans born in the holy city of Jerusalem to list "  Israel " or "  Palestine " as their country of birth on U.S. passports . Another is a workplace discrimination claim filed by a female Muslim woman from Tulsa who wears a hijab . She sued the clothing chain after a job was offered then rescinded -- she claims because of her headscarf . And the court will hear arguments over whether local governments can impose stricter regulations on temporary church signs than on other noncommercial displays , such as lost-dog posters and political campaign banners , typically displayed along streets in the weeks before an election . Holt is being defended in court by the Beckett Fund for Religious Liberty , the same nonprofit group that backed two Christian families in a separate high court challenge earlier this year . At issue there was whether a federal law permitted closely held family-owned corporations the discretion to deny contraception coverage in employer-funded insurance plans . The conservative court dealt a setback to the White House and Obamacare supporters in the so-called Hobby Lobby dispute , saying those with "  sincerely held " religious beliefs had a limited right to operate in harmony with biblical principles while competing in a secular marketplace . The Beckett Fund noted that groups like the American Civil Liberties Union and the Anti-Defamation League , along with Catholic bishops , are now backing Holt . The current Arkansas dispute is Holt v. Hobbs  13-6827  .	Gregory Holt wants to grow beard as part of his religious faith Arkansas officials have denied him the right Justices peppered both sides with questions
CNN  -- In the end , Gabby Douglas ' massive gamble paid off . Like many young girls , she sat glued to the TV during the 2008 Beijing Olympics , mesmerized by the dazzling gymnasts flipping their way to glory . But instead of living vicariously through Shawn Johnson and Nastia Liukin as they won their gold medals , 12-year-old Douglas hatched a drastic plan to ensure that fairy tale became her reality : She must train with Johnson 's coach , even if that meant leaving her family in Virginia . "  She started saying , ' I need that coach . I need Coach Chow , ' " her mother , Natalie Hawkins , recalled to HLN . Liang Chow soared to international fame as a Chinese gymnast before settling down in the middle of Iowa to teach American gymnasts . It was there where Johnson morphed from a 6-year-old novice to a world-class athlete . Gabby Douglas takes gold But Chow 's gym was 1,200 miles away from Douglas , her siblings and her mother , who did n't think the idea would work . "  I said , well , I ca n't move the family to Iowa . I 'm a single parent ; I did n't have the resources to do something like that , " Hawkins said . But Douglas was n't just headstrong ; she was a rare talent who vaulted up the ranks of gymnastics at an early age . She won a Virginia state championship at age 8 , just two years after starting formal training . "  She just never wanted to come out of the gym , " Hawkins said . "  She loved it . She would just practice all the time . So I saw then the hard work . " But in order to reach her full potential , Douglas insisted she needed an elite coach -- specifically , the one she had admired on TV . At age 14 , Douglas received her mother 's blessing to go train with Chow . The tiny athlete headed west and moved in with a host family with four younger girls , including another one of Chow 's students . ` Fab Five ' brings home gold for gymnastics Both Hawkins and her daughter would have to learn how to be a family five states apart . "  That was very painful . It was scary . How would I still be Mom back in Virginia when she 's living in Iowa ? How does that work ? " Hawkins said . It was n't just the physical distance that strained the family . Douglas ' gymnastics took a heavy financial toll , too . "  Sometimes it felt crushing . I did n't think I could keep her in this sport , " Hawkins said . "  But then I 'd think about it and say , you 've got to fight . " Douglas fought , too , battling through nerves and falls during her early days with Chow to bounce back in time for the 2012 Olympic trials -- where she topped the field and nabbed the only guaranteed spot on the Olympic team . Along the way , she was nicknamed "  the Flying Squirrel " for her remarkably high release moves on the uneven bars . In her two years with Chow , Douglas won a team gold medal at the 2011 world championships in Tokyo , another team gold medal at the London Olympics and finally the sweetest prize of them all -- the Olympic individual all-around championship . At 4 feet , 11 inches tall , Douglas now stands on top of the gymnastics world . Complete coverage on the Olympics	Gabby Douglas of the U.S. is the new Olympic women 's all-around gymnastics champion Douglas decided at age 12 she wanted to work with coach Liang Chow She moved away from her family at age 14 to chase her Olympic dream
Rome  CNN  -- Amanda Knox 's ex-boyfriend and murder trial co-defendant revealed in a new book that he sometimes questioned her innocence because of her "  bizarre behavior " the day a British student was found dead in their apartment . Raffaele Sollecito 's memoir , "  Honor Bound : My Journey to Hell and Back with Amanda Knox , " is the first book written by anyone directly involved in the Meredith Kercher murder trial in Perugia , Italy . Kercher , a 21-year-old British student , was found stabbed to death in the Italian apartment she shared with Knox , now 25 , of Seattle . Sollecito and Knox were convicted of Kercher 's murder in 2009 but set free on appeal in 2011 . They face a final high-court decision in March . Judge explains murder acquittal Italian prosecutors appeal decision Rudy Guede of Ivory Coast was convicted separately in 2008 . His conviction was upheld on appeal in 2009 . Sollecito 's book draws heavily on diaries he kept and letters he wrote to friends , family and his hometown newspaper during his years in prison , the preface says . He chronicles the day of the murder , admitting that he and Knox smoked marijuana that afternoon , which he says he regretted because it clouded his memory of what happened . While maintaining his innocence , he says he does not clearly remember even if Knox spent the night with him . He and Knox made mistakes the morning of the discovery , including trusting police investigators , he writes . Sollecito writes that at times , he was uncomfortable with Knox 's "  bizarre behavior , " which he says prosecutors used against both of them . "  Of all the things that Amanda did that day , nothing attracted more criticism than her failure to raise the alarm as soon as she saw so many things out of place , " he writes . "  It was n't just the police who attacked her . Many Italians , including most of my family , could not fathom how she could go ahead with her shower after finding blood on the tap , much less put her wet feet on the bath mat , which was also stained , and drag it across the floor . " Neither he nor Knox had solid alibis for the night of Kercher 's murder , Sollecito writes . "  We had no real alibi for the night of November 1 except each other , and we did not have lawyers to protect us , and we seemed to have a propensity for saying things without thinking them through , " he says . Sollecito describes his doubt about Knox 's innocence at times , referring to the night the two were arrested . "  When I first found out about what Amanda had signed her name to , I was furious , " he writes . "  Okay , she was under a lot of pressure , as I had been , but how could she just invent stuff out of nowhere ? " He gives an account of his life inside several Italian prisons , where he befriended rapists and murderers , played with cockroaches and scrubbed the cells of dirt and mold . While sharing his family 's personal stories and sagas during the lengthy trial , the book gives very little attention to the evidence presented in court . The revelations include how he distrusted the lawyers his father hired for him . They were intent on getting Sollecito to abandon Knox and accuse her of the murder , he wrote . ` Foxy Knoxy ' : Sex , violence and media hysteria At one time after the first conviction , Sollecito 's father sought the help of a private lawyer not connected to the case , who spoke to Perugia prosecutor Giuliano Mignini about striking a plea deal to cut Sollecito 's sentence in exchange for evidence against Knox . Sollecito 's lead attorney , Giulia Bongiorno , a prominent parliamentarian , almost walked off the case because of the backroom deal . Mignini declined to comment about the book or the case until the high court appeal is completed . Sollecito 's book is especially hard on Mignini , whom he accuses of concocting a "  conspiracy-laden plotline from Umberto Eco " instead of a normal investigation . He laments the star treatment Knox received , saying the prosecution focused squarely on his co-defendant . He wrote that he believed he was arrested as a way to get to Knox . "  I do n't think the prosecution or police ever seriously thought of me as a murderer , " he wrote . "  They had one overriding reason to arrest me , throw me into solitary confinement , and threaten me with life imprisonment , and that was to pressure me into rolling over and testifying against Amanda . " Sollecito condemns his treatment by Perugia police who , he says , would not give him food or access to a lawyer during the questioning , even though it was clear to him that they were treating him as a suspect and not just a person informed of the facts of the case . Sollecito gave several spontaneous declarations during both the original and appellate trials , but he never took the stand in his own defense . The book offers many details from behind the scenes during the four years between when Kercher was killed and when the two were released , but it does not answer all the questions about what happened that night . Sollecito wrote that he believed that Guede acted alone in killing Kercher . In the epilogue , Sollecito recounts how he went to visit Knox in Seattle last fall , but how he was nervous to see her . "  I was n't at all sure it was a good idea and I continued to waver back and forth even after I booked my ticket . We had been through so much ; perhaps we owed it to each other to live our lives and leave each other in peace . " Guede is writing a book but does not have a publisher , according to his lawyers . Knox 's book is due to be released in the spring . Knox signs book deal with Harper Collins	Raffaele Sollecito wrote "  Honor Bound : My Journey to Hell and Back with Amanda Knox " Sollecito and Knox were convicted of murder but later freed on appeal Meredith Kercher was found stabbed to death in the apartment shared with Knox
CNN  -- For the first time in decades , voters in Georgia are going to the polls Tuesday without the chance of having Justice Department observers inside their polling places . CNN has learned that 's because Justice Department lawyers in recent months have determined they no longer have legal authority to unilaterally assign poll observers after the Supreme Court ruling invalidating key sections of the Voting Rights Act . The department has suspended posting observers inside polling stations except for in nine jurisdictions in seven states covered by separate court orders , government officials said . The internal legal finding had n't been made public before . Observers had the authority to be inside polling places , and the department may still send monitors who keep an eye outside polling precincts . A spokeswoman for the Justice Department 's civil rights division declined to comment . The department has been sending election-day poll observers and monitors to some Georgia counties since at least 1966 , a year after the landmark civil rights law authorized it . The observers were there to document any interference or intimidation against voters , usually racial minorities in areas with a history of discrimination . At last count , the Justice Department said it sent personnel to observe and monitor elections in 153 counties and parishes in 11 states . Proponents of the poll watching say it helps prevent irregularities and has been useful to ensure federal voting rights are protected for minorities . The department did n't send anyone to monitor last month 's Mississippi primary , which has been much disputed by losing tea party-aligned candidate Chris McDaniel . Incumbent victor Sen. Thad Cochran drew black Democratic Party voters to help defeat McDaniel in the GOP primary . McDaniel has alleged voting irregularities , but Mississippi judges have rebuffed his claims . Last year , the Supreme Court struck down Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act , under which the Justice Department compelled oversight of voting law changes in a patchwork of jurisdictions in states around the country . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has criticized the ruling and has urged Congress to pass new legislation to restore the Justice Department 's oversight powers .	FIRST ON CNN : Feds determine they do n't have authority to assign poll observers Last year , the Supreme Court struck down a section of the Voting Rights Act Because of that ruling , the Justice Dept. has suspended posting observers in polls There are exceptions to that change , in seven states covered by separate court orders
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A new national poll indicates that white and black Americans do n't see eye to eye on last month 's arrest of Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates . Sgt. James Crowley and professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. sit for beers with the president and vice president Thursday . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday also suggests a racial divide over President Obama 's initial comments on the incident . The arrest sparked a national discussion on the issue of racial profiling , which was amplified when President Obama weighed in on the matter . In a prime time news conference on July 22 , Obama said "  the Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home . " Fifty-four percent of people questioned in the poll said they do n't think Cambridge , Massachusetts , police office James Crowley acted "  stupidly " when he arrested Gates at the professor 's home after Crowley responded to a call that someone was breaking into the house . Thirty-three percent said Crowley did act stupidly . But there 's a major racial divide , with 59 percent of black respondents saying Crowley acted stupidly compared to 29 percent of whites questioned . Fifty-three percent of those polled felt Gates acted stupidly in the incident , with 30 percent saying no . Broken down by race , 58 percent of whites said Gates acted stupidly , with African-Americans split on the question : 44 percent said yes and 43 percent said no . Two days after Obama 's remarks , after criticism from police unions and after speaking with Crowley , Obama said "  because this has been ratcheting up , and I obviously helped to contribute ratcheting it up , I want to make clear that in my choice of words , I think , I unfortunately gave an impression that I was maligning the Cambridge Police Department or Sgt. -LSB- James -RSB- Crowley specifically and I could have calibrated those words differently . And I told this to Sgt. Crowley . " Fifty-four percent of people questioned said they think the president acted stupidly when he commented on the Gates arrest , with 32 percent disagreeing . But again , the poll indicates a racial divide , with 63 percent of whites feeling Obama acted stupidly and 26 percent of black respondents agreeing . Sixty-one percent approve of how the president has handled race relations , with 92 percent of African-Americans and 56 percent of whites approving . Did Obama 's initial comments damage his political standing ? "  One-third of whites say that Obama 's comments about this matter made them feel less favorable toward him , compared to only 4 percent of whites who feel more favorably toward Obama due to his comments , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  But the majority of whites say that Obama 's comments did not affect their views of him , and most whites approve of how Obama is handling race relations . " Fifty-two percent of Americans feel racism among police officers is common , with 44 percent saying it 's rare . Whites are split on that question -- 47 percent said it 's common , 49 percent said it 's rare -- with 86 percent of black respondents feeling racism among police offices is common . Sixty-six percent of whites said a white homeowner would have been arrested for the same behavior . Twenty-five percent of blacks agree . "  That difference may be due to life experiences -- more than half of blacks say they have been treated unfairly by the police because of their race , but only a handful of whites report the same kind of treatment , " Holland said . The poll indicated that both blacks and whites believe Friday 's "  beer summit " at the White House , in which Obama was host at a meeting with Gates and Crowley , was a good idea . But was it a "  teachable moment , " as mentioned by the president ? "  Not according to the public -- blacks and whites agree that the whole controversy did not teach Americans a lesson that will lead to better race relations , " Holland said . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted Friday through Monday  July 31-August 3  , with 1,136 adult Americans , including 226 African-Americans and 773 whites , questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall sample and plus or minus 6.5 percentage points for the breakdown by race .	CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released on Tuesday Poll takes a look at opinion of Obama 's comments on the Gates arrest 54 percent polled say Cambridge Police did n't act "  stupidly " as Obama said Just over half of those polled feel that Gates acted stupidly in the incident
CNN  -- English Premier League club Liverpool have appointed Brendan Rodgers as their new manager . After being introduced by Liverpool chairman Tom Werner , the 39-year-old Rodgers , who moves to Anfield from Swansea City , revealed that he had insisted that he would not work under a director of football . "  That was something I made clear I could n't work with , " said the Northern Irishman . "  What you need is an outstanding team . We will form a technical board that will have four or five people that will decide the way forward . " Rodgers succeeds club legend Kenny Dalglish , who was sacked earlier this month . "  I promise I 'll fight for my life and for the people in this city , " said Rodgers . "  We might not be ready for the title now but the process begins today. , " he added , a reference to the fact that Liverpool last won the title in 1990 . Liverpool have reached an agreement with Swawsea for three members of Rodgers ' backroom staff to follow him to Anfield . The Northern Irish coach led Welsh team Swansea into the Premier League in 2011 and impressed pundits with their fluent passing style as they finished 11th in their first season . Liverpool have been on the hunt for a new manager after sacking Dalglish following a disappointing season , in which they achieved their lowest ever Premier League finish . The club did win the League Cup but were beaten in the FA Cup final by Chelsea , prompting American owners Fenway Sports Group , who also own baseball 's Boston Red Sox , to act . The Merseyside outfit had also spoken to Wigan manager Roberto Martinez about the managerial vacancy before settling on Rodgers . The 39-year-old began his coaching career at Chelsea , under the stewardship of Jose Mourinho , who led the club to successive Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006 and now coaches Spanish giants Real Madrid . Rodgers spent a season in charge at Watford , in the second tier of English football , before moving to Reading in 2009 , but he only lasted six months before he was sacked . He took over at Swansea in 2010 and led the club into the Premier League at the first time of asking after a win in the playoff final against former club Reading . Swansea quickly grew into life in the top flight and gained a clutch of notable scalps . They beat Premier League champions Manchester City , Arsenal and , ironically , Liverpool on the final day of the season . Swansea chairman Huw Jenkins said : "  Although we are very disappointed to lose such a talented , young British manager , we did n't wish to stand in his way . As always at Swansea City , we want people working here who are fully committed to the task ahead . "  We wish Brendan every success in the future . We will always remain good friends and we thank him for all his hard work and passion at this football club over the past two years . "  We shall now refocus and quickly start the process of finding his replacement to continue the great work Brendan has carried out at this football club . " Meanwhile , Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson has been drafted into England 's Euro 2012 squad after Frank Lampard was forced to withdraw with a thigh injury . The 21-year-old made 37 Premier League appearances for Liverpool last season , after joining the club from Sunderland in June 2011 . Henderson will be hoping to add to the two international caps he has gained so far in his career .	English Premier League club Liverpool appoint Brendan Rodgers as manager Rodgers reveals that he would not work with a director of football Northern Irishman promises to fight "  for the people " of Liverpool Rodgers enjoyed a successful season with Swansea in the Premier League last season
New Delhi  CNN  "  India is about to take off . " That was the bold declaration from India 's Finance Minister Arun Jaitley as he delivered his first full-year budget since his party won a resounding victory at the polls last May . India 's budget is a closely-watched TV event , with pre - and post-game analyses on every TV news channel . Even by those standards , Saturday 's budget generated more interest than in previous years , in part because of soaring expectations on the new government . Jaitley signaled in his speech that "  incremental change " was not enough , as he announced a raft of measures to boost infrastructure and growth . Among the key announcements , Jaitley promised that a widely anticipated national Goods and Services Tax  GST  would be implemented by April 1 , 2016 . As CNN has reported , India 's states have a myriad of different taxes , making trading between them a nightmare . A number of other announcements called for additional government spending in energy and housing . Jaitley announced an increase of $ 11.3 billion in infrastructure . He also promised a universal social security plan -- a vital need for India 's millions of poor who have no access to pensions or health care . Perhaps the biggest cheer from the stock markets -- a special trading session was held Saturday -- came when Jaitley announced a cut in the corporate tax rate from 30 % to 25 % . But it was n't all about spending . Jaitley also announced a new 2 % tax of the super rich , and promised a hefty 10 year prison sentence for people caught evading taxes . Avoiding income tax is common in India , with only 3 % of Indians filing returns . On Indian TV channels , scores of analysts began to weigh in on the impacts of the budget . Tarun Das , who ran India 's Confederation of Indian Industry for 30 years told NDTV that he could n't find a negative in Jaitley 's presentation . "  It 's a creative , confident budget , " he said . "  There 's a lot for a lot of people . " On the show Headlines Today , another regular commentator , Gurcharan Das , complimented the budget but said it stopped short of detail . Speaking of Jaitley 's boss , India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi , he said "  Modi was elected to control inflation and create jobs . He 's controlled inflation , but he needs to show us how he will create jobs . " Ahead of Saturday 's budget , India released its annual economic survey on Friday . The data produced by the government showed that India is projected to grow as fast as 8.5 % in 2016 , making it the fastest growing large economy in the world . The data was calculated according to a new methodology .	India 's budget announcement is a televised , highly watched event This year , Indian 's paid particular attention , as they have high expectations from the Modi government
CNN  -- FARC rebels in Colombia say they will release French journalist Romeo Langlois on Wednesday , according to a statement posted on a website linked to the armed leftist insurgent group . The France 24 journalist was seized last month in a FARC attack on a Colombian army unit engaged in counter-narcotics operations . His capture came almost exactly two years to the day after he did a special report on whether the guerrillas could keep fighting after their leader and a top military commander were killed . Langlois , a correspondent with more than 10 years experience in the country , appears to have spent several days with a mobile FARC unit to prepare the April 2010 report . He described them as "  in a weak position " and said they were "  tired of fighting for 40 years in the jungle . " He was reporting alongside soldiers when the rebel group attacked and captured him on April 28 , the Colombian government said . Four people were killed and six were wounded in the attack , according to the Ministry of National Defense . Langlois was lightly wounded in the arm when he was captured , but was treated and is out of danger , according to a man who claimed to represent the rebels . The man in military garb referred to Langlois as a prisoner of war in a video posted on the France 24 website on May 7 . FARC announced a week later that it was prepared to release the Frenchman and called for negotiations involving the International Committee of the Red Cross and others . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said his government would do whatever was necessary to guarantee Langlois ' release . "  The Colombian government is willing to provide all the facilities so the release occurs as quickly as possible , but if you really want to be viewed well by the world , release him now and simply tell us where he is and we will go get him , " he said earlier this month . Kidnapping government forces and civilians has been a key strategy of the rebel group . Dramatic rescues , escapes and hostage handovers have revealed harsh conditions in jungle camps , including stories of prisoners chained to trees , grueling marches between hideouts , torrential rain and blistering sun . While severely weakened in recent years , the rebels have continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : France 24 journalist Romeo Langlois was wounded when captured , rebels say NEW : The war reporter was seized 2 years after he filed a special report on the FARC Four people were killed and six were wounded when he was kidnapped FARC has been weakened in recent years , but continues to carry out kidnappings
CNN  -- Samsung and Apple were ordered Friday to stand off in court once again after a federal judge struck more than $ 450 million that a jury last August ordered Samsung to pay Apple . "  Some of the awards rested on impermissible legal theories , " U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh wrote in her ruling . The jury had awarded Apple more than $ 1 billion in damages total after finding Samsung had copied both the design and software features of the iPhone . The new "  trial on damages " affects the formula , and thus the amount , that Samsung must pay to Apple . It will focus on several Samsung products specifically , after Koh questioned the damages ordered because of them . They are the Galaxy Prevail , Gem , Indulge , Infuse 4G , Galaxy SII AT&T , Captivate , Continuum , Droid Charge , Epic 4G , Exhibit 4G , Galaxy Tab , Nexus S 4G , Replenish and Transform . Apple vs. Samsung : A peace treaty Just under $ 600 million of the earlier award to Apple involving other Samsung products still stands , according to Koh . Samsung , which recently logged record-breaking sales of its latest Galaxy phone , is locked in a tight race with Apple to see who will dominate the U.S. smartphone market . That rivalry has spilled out into court on multiple occasions . Last summer , a South Korean court found that both parties had infringed on each other 's patents , banning the sale of the iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 , two iPad models and Samsung 's Galaxy S2 . Yet the damages ordered in that case paled compared to those at stake when the two tech giants faced off last year in a U.S. federal court in Northern California . Apple accused Samsung of copying the design of the iPhone and iPad , suing Samsung for $ 2.5 billion . Samsung countersued Apple for $ 519 million , also for patent infringement . Patent battle continues After sifting through 109 pages of jury instructions and their notes and memories from weeks of testimony , a nine-person jury found Samsung was guilty of "  willful " violations of a number of Apple 's patents and recommended that Apple get more than $ 1 billion in compensation . The jury did not recommend awarding Samsung any money in its counterclaims . "  This is a huge win for Apple , " Mark Lemley , a Stanford law professor , said then . The award "  is just large enough to make it the largest surviving patent verdict in history . " In December , Judge Koh issued a ruling denying Samsung 's request for a new trial based on the company 's claim the jury foreman , Velvin Hogan , was prejudiced against the company because he had been sued by Seagate , his former employer . Samsung became the largest investor in Seagate after selling a division to the hard-drive maker in 2011 .	A jury last August ordered Samsung to pay Apple pay more than $ 1 billion Jurors determined Samsung copied the iPhone 's design and software A judge now says over $ 450 million of that is based on "  impermissible legal theories " She orders a new trial on key aspects of the case ; $ 600 million of the award stands
CNN  -- Packaged meat company Smithfield Packing Company is recalling some 38,000 pounds of pork sausage because it may contain small pieces of plastic , likely from gloves , the U.S. Food Safety and Inspection Service announced Thursday . The sausages were sold in 11 states and the District of Columbia . The recalled products are 1-pound packages of Gwaltney mild pork sausage roll with a use-by date of March 12 , 2013 . Cases containing those sausages with a case code of 78533109741 are also being recalled . They bear the establishment number Est. 221-A inside the U.S. Department of Agriculture mark of inspection . The company discovered the problem after two consumer complaints , the Food Safety and Inspection Service said . There have been no reports of injuries . The products were distributed in Alabama , the District of Columbia , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , North Carolina , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania and Texas . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Smithfield Packing Company recalls 38,000 pounds of sausage It may contain small pieces of plastic , likely from gloves There are no reports of injuries The sausage was sold in 11 states and the District of Columbia
CNN  -- Up to 11,200 peacekeeping troops could maintain stability in Mali under a new U.N. proposal . And up to 1,440 police could also participate in a U.N.-led mission there , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a report to the U.N. Security Council released Tuesday . Under the proposal , the West African multinational force currently in Mali would eventually become part of the U.N. stabilizing mission . "  The proposed authorized military strength of 11,200 , based on seven mobile infantry battalions and a reserve battalion with enablers for the geographic and threat environments , provides for a security presence in the major population areas assessed to be at high risk , " the report said . France confirms death of senior Islamist militant in Mali The peacekeeping troops proposal was one of two options Ban floated in the report . Under the other option , the United Nations would focus on political and development activities there . French and allied forces , including Malian and Chadian troops , have made significant inroads in recent weeks combating Islamist extremist fighters in Mali . But fighting continues in the remote northeastern part of the West African nation . French involvement in the conflict began on January 11 , the day after militants said they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali , and were poised to advance south toward Bamako , the capital . In total , 4,000 French soldiers are deployed in Mali , according to the French Defense Ministry website , alongside 6,300 troops from Chad and the African-led International Support Mission to Mali . French officials have said the country will start withdrawing its troops from Mali next month . France using DNA to identify Islamists killed in Africa CNN 's Richard Roth and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	A proposal says West African troops in Mali could become part of peacekeeping mission The proposal is one of two options sent to the U.N. Security Council Under the option , the U.N. would focus on political and development activities in Mali
CNN  -- $ 1.3 billion is enough money to buy the Los Angeles Lakers or a big stake in the U.S. government . That 's just about the amount candidates and special interest groups backed by global corporations , billionaires and millionaires will spend on political ads before Election Day in an attempt to sell you America 's Next Top Congressman . As big money floods the midterms , it drowns out the voices of "  we the people . " Maine 's Republican State Sen. Ed Youngblood gets it . He writes , "  As money in politics increases , the role of the general public in our democracy diminishes , more and more citizens feel their vote does not matter , and fewer are compelled into public service . " That 's exactly what 's happening . With just days left to go before the November 4 election , only about 15 % of Americans are closely paying attention to it . The rest of us -- the sane ones -- have just tuned it out . But we should n't be joking . Big money has diminished our most important and fundamental right as American citizens : the right to vote . The result is a government of , by and for fat cats and plutocrats . There is another way . Just look northeast to Youngblood 's great state of Maine . Besides potatoes , blueberries and lobster , the Pine Tree State boasts Clean Elections . This system of publicly financed elections makes it easier for citizens to run for elected office , especially those who lack membership in the Millionaires Club . After the Clean Elections law  first in the nation  was enacted in 2000 , the number of female candidates increased , with 84 % of women who ran for public office citing it as very or somewhat important in their decision to run . Maine also saw a huge drop in the average number of uncontested races -- from 31 to three -- as well as a surge in voter turnout that continues to outpace the national average . By 2008 , more than 80 % of candidates in Maine were running their campaigns with public funding , without any special interest money . The law was praised and used by Democrats and Republicans . For once , everybody seemed to agree on something . After a decade of success , the Clean Election system was hit by a rash of bad news -- damaging court decisions , severe budget cuts , legislative action and inaction , gubernatorial vetoes , etc. . All of these things severely weakened the system . Publicly funded candidates could no longer compete against opponents who were backed by big donors and special interest groups . This year , only 51 % of candidates in Maine are using public funding . But Mainers are fighting like junkyard dogs to take back their elections . A citizen-led Clean Elections initiative is underway that includes measures to strengthen Clean Elections and increase transparency and accountability in campaign finance laws . It 's good policy , timely and important . Hundreds of Maine residents have mobilized , working to restore and fully fund the Clean Elections law . Grassroots supporters have collected more than 15,000 signatures to ensure a Clean Elections initiative is on the ballot in 2015 . On Election Day , nearly 1,000 volunteers will staff polling places across the state to collect the necessary signatures from fellow Mainers to ensure that they have the opportunity to demand Clean Elections from the voting booth next year . In many other states , we do n't have the opportunity to voice our frustrations about big money in politics at the ballot box , but we can still send a message to Washington . That 's why I started StampStampede.org . It 's a way for anybody , anywhere , anytime to turn his or her money into media by rubber stamping it with messages such as "  Not to be Used for Bribing Politicians " and "  Stamp Money Out of Politics . " So long after Election Day , we can keep  legally  decorating our dollars to help build a nationwide , grassroots movement to get big money out of politics . That 's what I 'll be doing . But our friends in Maine will do more . I applaud Youngblood and all of the good citizens who will be at the polls , rain or shine , to greet fellow voters on Election Day . They wo n't settle for a diminished Clean Election system -- they 're fighting hard to make it strong . Their work on the Clean Elections Initiative is grassroots democracy in action .	About a billion dollars will be spent by special interests on midterm elections Ben Cohen : We do n't want a government of , by and for fat cats and plutocrats He says Maine 's Clean Elections system promotes public funding , democracy Cohen : The Clean Elections Initiative helps take out big money out of politics
EW.com  -- There will be less boobs at next year 's Oscars . Seth MacFarlane , whose irreverent hosting performance at the 2013 Academy Awards was controversial but a ratings hit , announced today that he would n't be taking the stage again next year . "  Traumatized critics exhale : I 'm unable to do the Oscars again . Tried to make it work schedule-wise , but I need sleep , " he tweeted Monday afternoon . "  However , I highly recommend the job , as Zadan and Meron are two of the most talented producers in the business . My suggestion for host is Joaquin Phoenix . " MacFarlane is currently directing and appearing in "  A Million Ways to Die in the West , " a stud-studded Western headlined by Amanda Seyfried and Charlize Theron . MacFarlane 's withdrawal will likely appease some members of the Hollywood community who did n't appreciate his humor â $ " which drew criticism that his jokes ranged from juvenile to misogynistic . But despite the tsk-tsking by some , ratings for the show were up significantly , including an 11 percent jump in the demo . Joaquin Phoenix is likely not in the mix to succeed MacFarlane  unfortunately  , but the Academy is now free to go in a different direction . Perhaps they could appease some of last year 's critics with a female host ... or two . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Seth MacFralane says he 's out as 2014 Oscars host "  Family Guy " creator says he ca n't make work with schedule He had a tongue-in-cheek suggestion
CNN  -- It was a triumph that came with joy from above . When Charlotte Dujardin stood on the podium celebrating her second Olympic gold medal of the London 2012 Olympics , she felt somebody watching over her and smiling . "  The girl with the dancing horse " -- as she became known afterwards -- wowed the watching world as she claimed top honors in the team and individual dressage events . Joy was the order of the day -- and perhaps that was apt as it was her grandmother Joy 's generous gift which allowed Dujardin to canter her way into the history books . "  Sometimes I do feel like she 's up there looking down on me and watching me , " the English equestrian told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  We were very close and she was very into horses too . She had a massive farm with lots of horses . I used to love going there and having so much fun . "  It was only down to her inheritance that we could afford the horse , so I do think about her quite often . " Making her way To compete in the world of dressage takes talent , hard work , dedication and money . While there was no doubt about Dujardin 's ability , the lack of finance remained a huge hurdle in her battle to make it to the highest level . Horses cost serious money , as do all the extras which come with owning an animal primed for the very top . "  My family did n't have lots of money or anything , " the 27-year-old said . "  I literally did it through hard work and dedication . People out there who think you have to have loads of money to do this sport ... it just shows you . "  I worked six days a week for very little money . But I did it because I wanted to and I loved it . I set myself goals . For me it was a challenge . " With the inheritance left by her grandmother and the guidance of a determined mother , Dujardin moved from riding ponies to the world of dressage . It was the $ 27,000 purchase of her first horse Fernandez which allowed Dujardin to lay the groundwork for an astonishing rise through the sport . At the age of 15 , she began her ascent , joining up with coach Judy Harvey and spending four years learning the ropes and working to earn a living . The mentor But it was her meeting with Carl Hester , a British Olympian and professional dressage competitor , which helped steer her towards that glorious day in London . She made such an impression that she was offered a job as a groom at his yard in Newent , Gloucestershire , where she would go on to learn her trade . "  I got asked to do a world-class training day , and Carl was one of the selectors for that , " she said . "  He actually rode my horse Fernandez , which I was absolutely over the moon about because obviously someone like that riding my horse was like a dream . "  I then got my mum to ask him if it was possible to have a lesson . So I met him at our national championships at Stoneleigh and he said he would give me a lesson . "  I had four lessons ; he asked if I would do 10 days ' cover . I did it and I never went home . " Hester , the youngest British rider to ever compete at an Olympics as a 25-year-old in 1992 , saw something special in Dujardin and handed her the horse which would transform her life forever . Love at first sight Valegro , or "  Blueberry " as he is known within the stables , turned out to be a "  dream horse . " Too young to compete at a Grand Prix event , the top level of competition , Hester wanted Valegro to learn the trade under his young apprentice . "  I just fell in love with Valegro when I saw him , " Dujardin said . "  He was just a powerhouse at four years old . He had paces then that he could n't control and he had a fabulous temperament . "  He was my dream horse . And then I managed to take him out and compete him at all the young horse classes . " In their seven years together , the pair have become near inseparable , with Duajardin describing him as "  my best friend and my partner . " From their first Grand Prix together in 2011 , a journey which took five years in the making , the duo have not looked back . "  He always wants to please you , " she said . "  He goes into that arena to do his best . He never lets you down . He 's with you all the way . "  To find a horse that can cope with all the atmosphere as well is very difficult . He just does it all . "  As a rider he gives you so much confidence . You go in there and you know you can do it because you know he 's behind you . "  I think it was the connection we had , the fact we 'd learned everything together . If I got it wrong , or if he made a mistake , between the two of us we both learned how to get it right . "  That is what was so good . He was forgiving my mistakes and I was forgiving him . " International success The relationship has blossomed beautifully , and they were part of the British team which won gold at the 2011 European Dressage Championship at Rotterdam . Dujardin and Valegro then won the FEI World Cup Grand Prix at London Olympia in 2011 , and set a new world points record at the Olympic Grand Prix special event the following year . It was the prelude to the most exciting and most daunting challenge of Dujardin 's career -- the London Olympics . Competing in both the team and individual event in front of a home crowd might have left lesser riders with stage fright -- but not Dujardin . "  I see the arena , the competition arena , as an arena at home , " she said . "  I do the same thing wherever I am , whether it 's at home or at a competition . "  I never think of who 's in the competition . I never let myself get in that frame of mind , worrying about who I 'm against . "  I keep myself away , I keep myself very focused . I keep myself in that zone of what I have to do and deliver . I 'm really lucky that I can control my nerves ; it does n't seem to get to me . " London calling Just 18 months after making her Grand Prix debut , Dujardin headed out onto Greenwich Park as part of the British team seeking to win its first ever medal in dressage since 1912 . The discipline was originally used to train horses during the Renaissance period . The "  piaffe " is a signature move where the horse jogs on the spot , while there are also the "  flying changes " -- where it skips on alternate legs . Following two controlled rounds , where competitors are marked out of 10 and awarded a percentage score , they then go on to perform a freestyle routine . Riding alongside her mentor Hester and Laura Bechtolsheimer -- granddaughter of a German billionaire -- it was a dream come true . With 23,000 people packed inside the arena and the world watching on , Dujardin delivered in style , becoming the new Olympic score record-holder with 83.286 % . "  We had high expectations to deliver that gold medal , " she revealed . "  Everybody expected us to win it , we had such a strong team . But you know at the end of the day they are horses . "  You never know what can happen . And I think it probably put pressure on us a little bit more that everybody expected that . "  But I 'm the sort of person , I do n't think of things like that . I just do my best . And that 's what I did . " The victory of the British team reverberated around the world as it finally broke the German stranglehold on the sport . Magic moment But for Dujardin there was still work to do . "  Going into the individual , I honestly was going to be absolutely delighted with any medal , " she said . "  I was n't even thinking of getting the gold . I was thinking any medal would be amazing . "  And you know , I went in there , and Adelinde Cornelissen had just come out with a huge score of 88 % . "  They announced that just before I was going in . So I heard that as I was going down . " The Dutch rider 's score had left Dujardin requiring an Olympic record to claim top spot , but that did n't faze the home favorite , who was the final competitor to perform . "  I went in there and I thought , ` Do you know what , I can do this , I know I can do this , ' " she said . "  And I went in there and I ca n't even tell you how it felt . It was just indescribable . " Sitting on her beloved Valegro , Dujardin had the horse dancing majestically to the sounds of "  Land of Hope and Glory , " "  The Great Escape " and the chimes of London 's iconic Big Ben . The beautifully artistic routine appeared to compensate for any technical deficiencies as she wowed the judges . ' A dream come true ' "  The moment I finished my test it was like uproar , " she recalled . "  It was like everybody screaming , shouting and standing . It was unbelievable . "  And I did n't know I 'd won . I looked over and there was this lady hanging over the stadium , and she said , ` You 've done it ! You 've done it ! ' "  And I 'm looking , and then I heard the crowd just go crazy . And then I realized I 'd actually got the individual gold . And for me that was just unbelievable . "  To think in 18 months what I had achieved and come away with . Just to be at the Olympics in your home ground anyway was a huge achievement for me . "  But then to come away with two gold medals was a dream come true . " Dujardin received an overall mark of 90.089 in the individual event , which was lifted by a mammoth 93.429 for artistic merit . "  I still find it really hard to let it all sink in what I 've achieved , because everything happened so quickly , " she said . "  From 2011 to 2012 I did n't stop . We just kept going . Then you stop and you sit down and you look back at what you 've done and what you 've achieved . " It certainly would have made her grandmother proud .	Charlotte Dujardin won two gold medals at the London Olympic Games The British rider came top in team and individual dressage events last year Dujardin bought her first horse with inheritance left by her grandmother She was given her first training job by London 2012 teammate Carl Hester
CNN  -- Sikhs and their supporters in the United States and India reacted with sorrow , disbelief and anger Sunday to news of a shooting at a temple in Wisconsin that left at least seven people , including the suspected gunman , dead . Here 's some what they said : -- The Sikh Coalition The Sikh Coalition , which describes itself as the largest Sikh American civil rights organization in the United States , has started an emergency response . "  The Sikh Coalition 's thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the shooting , the Sikh community of Milwaukee , and the larger community of Wisconsin , which we know will stand with their Sikh neighbors with their support and prayers during this very trying time , " said Sapreet Kaur , the group 's executive director . "  There have been multiple hate crime shootings within the Sikh community in recent years and the natural impulse of our community is to unfortunately assume the same in this case . Let 's let law enforcement investigate the case and as new facts emerge the dialogue can change . Americans died today in a senseless act of violence and Americans of all faiths should stand in unified support with their Sikh brothers and sisters , " he added . -- Shiromani Akali Dal , political party in India India 's Sikh party is planning to hold a demonstration near the American embassy in New Delhi on Monday . "  The U.S. government should act decisively to stop these inhuman attacks , " said Manjit Singh , a senior member of the Shiromani Akali Dal party . There are around 25 million followers of Sikhism worldwide . Most live in India . -- Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka , Wisconsin temple member Kaleka , who helped police interview witnesses , decried the attack as a hate crime . Authorities have not classified it as such , saying they are treating the shooting as a "  domestic terrorist-type incident . " "  It seems like this person has this 9/11 tattoo , obviously has some animosity about those incidents , and ignorantly takes it out on a community that he thinks are responsible -- which is ludicrous in every way . Not only are we Sikh , we 're not Muslim . But Muslims themselves are not responsible as a group for that , " said Kaleka . Just days after September 11 , 2001 , a Sikh man was gunned down outside an Arizona gas station , apparently because he looked Muslim or Arab . Balbir Singh Sodhi was neither . He was a Sikh , and the first person to be murdered in retaliation for the 9/11 attacks . Those attacks provoked a wave of organizing among Sikhs worried about being mistakenly targeted . -- Surinder Singh , spokesman for the Guru Nanak Mission Society of Atlanta Singh echoed the idea that Sikhs can be confused for Muslims and Hindus and have been targeted because of that potential . Sikh women are less identifiable than men , who customarily wear beards and turbans . Many American Sikh women dress like other Westerners or wear the salwar kameez , a traditional north Indian garment of a long shirt and loose-fitting pants . The entire Sikh community "  will be kind of scared " following Sunday 's killings , Singh said . -- The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee The committee urged members of the Arab , Muslim and South Asian-American communities to exercise "  extreme " caution at places of worship in the wake of the Wisconsin attack . It also urged those same people to report incidents of harassment , abuse or violence . "  The increase of anti-Muslim rhetoric by certain media personalities , elected officials , and political hopefuls is detrimental to our Country ; and , as already experienced , leads to an increase in hate crimes against Arab , Muslim , and South Asian-Americans , as well as those perceived to be Arab or Muslim , " the committee said in a statement . "  ADC will continue to stand with the Sikh American community , and other minority groups , in combating discrimination and hate , " it added . CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	The largest Sikh American civil rights organization in the United States calls for unity India 's Sikh party plans a protest near the American embassy in New Delhi Because of their beards and turbans , Sikh men are often mistaken for Hindus or Muslims The entire Sikh community "  will be kind of scared " following the attack , says one follower
CNN  -- Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was absent again Tuesday from his Senate impeachment trial , but state senators who will decide whether to remove him from office heard him loud and clear on FBI recordings of his phone calls . Gov. Rod Blagojevich talks to CNN 's Campbell Brown Tuesday night about his impeachment trial . Only four snippets of conversations were played for senators in the second day of the impeachment trial , and all pertained to horse-racing legislation . Prosecutors said the brief recordings focused on the governor 's efforts to apparently raise campaign contributions in exchange for signing a horse-racing bill . In one recording from December 3 , a lobbyist assures the governor that a race-track owner has pledged his "  commitment . " "  He goes , ' I hope I 'm gon na have it next week , but you have my commitment . I 've always been there . I 'm gon na be there , ' " the lobbyist told Blagojevich of the race track owner . None of the recordings mentions money specifically . Meanwhile , Blagojevich continued an ambitious media blitz , appearing in interviews with CBS , CNN , Fox and The Associated Press . A day earlier , he appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " ABC 's "  Good Morning America " and "  The View . " Watch Blagojevich on "  Larry King Live " " "  I hate all of this , " Blagojevich told CNN 's Campbell Brown in an interview Tuesday . "  This is a life-changing thing . I am about to be thrown out of office for accusations that are false and not true . " Watch Brown interview Blagojevich " He added , "  But there 's principles involved . And that is I did nothing wrong and I 'd like an opportunity to prove it . " The governor has railed against state Senate rules that restrict the calling of some witnesses and the presentation of some evidence . State Sen. Matt Murphy , part of the nine-member committee that put the Senate trial rules together , has said U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald asked both sides to "  defer to the criminal prosecution " of Blagojevich and "  limit witnesses . " The House prosecution in the Senate trial is operating under the same restrictions , he said . Senators also heard testimony Tuesday from FBI Special Agent Daniel Cain , author of a 76-page affidavit released in December , when the governor was arrested on federal corruption charges . Watch proceedings from Tuesday 's trial " Among other allegations , federal prosecutors said the governor tried to trade or sell the Senate seat that would become vacant after Barack Obama became president . Cain testified about transcripts of federal tapes in the affidavit , mostly replying in the affirmative when House prosecutor David Ellis asked whether the portions of the affidavit were accurate . "  In the end , we were very confident that it was the governor 's voice in those conversations , " Cain told House prosecutor David Ellis . Cain said FBI agents repeatedly listened to the governor 's recorded conversations to make sure they were accurate . "  Agents would listen to the recordings repeatedly as many times as necessary to verify the accuracy and quote , " he said . Later , as senators tried to ask Cain about the recordings , a representative from the U.S. attorney 's office was on hand to block some answers . After Blagojevich 's arrest , the state House impeached the two-term Democratic governor in two votes , with only one dissenting vote each time . The second vote was needed because of the seating of a new House . Blagojevich has said the House impeachment vote was politically motivated .	State senators heard recorded phone calls about horse-racing legislation Governor absent from trial , holding interviews with media outlets Senators also heard testimony from FBI agent who wrote affidavit U.S. attorney has asked both sides to "  defer to criminal prosecution "
Seoul  CNN  -- North Korea said it 's ready to fight a war with the United States and South Korea , as the two allies kicked off their annual joint military drills Monday , according to state-run media . "  Hundreds of thousands of troops are poised for a war carrying nuclear war equipment , " North Korea 's KCNA news agency reported , saying Pyongyang considers the drills to be practice for a preemptive strike on the North . The international community has been negotiating with North Korea over its nuclear program for years . The most recent talks between North Korea and the United States ended Friday with little visible progress . They were the first high-level talks since the death of North Korea 's longtime leader , Kim Jong Il , in December and the subsequent transition of power to his youngest son , Kim Jong Un . Kim 's death threw into flux U.S. plans for renewed diplomacy with North Korea , including formal talks on ending Pyongyang 's nuclear program and possible resumption of U.S. food assistance . The North Korea government was expected to suspend its uranium enrichment in exchange for food assistance as part of a deal that was to be announced around the time of Kim 's death . The annual Key Resolve military drills that began Monday involve 2,100 U.S. troops with their South Korean counterparts . Washington insists the exercises are defensive in nature and unrelated to any geopolitical events . The current military drills are scheduled through March 9 , with a second set of overlapping exercises beginning March 1 and running through the end of April . South Korea and the United States regularly hold military drills , and just as often North Korea denounces them as a provocation . KCNA reported Saturday that Kim Jong Un , the new North Korean leader , visited military units in the southwest of the country , including one that fired upon a South Korean island in November 2010 , killing two civilians and two marines . North Korea said its forces were responding to a South Korean military drill in the area . While visitng the troops , Kim Jong Un "  ordered them to make a powerful retaliatory strike at the enemy , should the enemy intrude even 0.001 mm into the waters of the country where its sovereignty is exercised , " KCNA reported .	Military drills are scheduled through March 9 South Korea and the United States regularly hold military drills The most recent talks between North Korea and the United States ended with little progress
CNN  -- Gonzalo Higuain scored the first hat-trick of the 2010 World Cup as Diego Maradona 's Argentina took a big step towards qualifying for the second round by crushing South Korea 4-1 in Johannesburg on Thursday . In a tournament so far largely lacking attacking flair , the South Americans showed fine style in following up their 1-0 opening Group B victory against Nigeria , who later slipped to their second defeat as they went down 2-1 to Greece in the second match of the day in Bloemfontein . Argentina 's winning margin was the second-highest so far at the South African event , behind only Germany 's 4-0 thrashing of Australia . "  I have to commend my boys for the great job they have done , the only way South Korea would have made our lives difficult would have been if we had allowed them to , " Maradona told AFP . "  We were never worried about them and they never upset us . " South Korea , who defeated the Greeks in their opening match , had battled back to 2-1 just before halftime after conceding an unlucky early own-goal , but could not contain the counter-attacking prowess of an Argentina side spearheaded by the mercurial Lionel Messi . But while Messi was an ever-present threat , it was Real Madrid striker Higuain who reaped the rewards with three close-range finishes , two in the final 15 minutes . The Koreans made the worst possible start when striker Park Chu-Young inadvertently deflected the ball into his own net off his knee in the 16th minute after teammate Park Ji-Sung failed to cut out Messi 's curling free-kick from wide on the left . Higuain doubled the lead just after half an hour with a header when a cross by Maxi Rodriguez -- starting in place of the injured Juan Sebastian Veron -- was flicked on by substitute Nicolas Burdisso . Burdisso had entered the fray just minutes earlier when central defender Walter Samuel went off injured . South Korea pulled a goal back on the stroke of halftime as Lee Chung-Yong pounced on an error by Argentina defender Martin Demichelis , but Yeom Ki-Hun squandered a golden chance to level in the 58th minute . Argentina and South Korea win openers Higuain made it 3-1 in the 76th minute after Messi 's first shot was blocked by the legs of goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and his second rebounded kindly off the base of the post . Messi and substitute forward Sergio Aguero then combined superbly to set up Higuain for another header four minutes later . Argentina will be without Jonas Gutierrez for the final game against Greece after the makeshift defender -- who usually plays as a winger -- received his second booking of the tournament . Victory for Greece was their first in the World Cup finals but owed much to a moment of madness by Nigeria 's Sani Kaita . The Super Eagles led through a free kick from Kale Uche after 16 minutes which crept past Alexandros Tzorvas in the Greek goal . They were generally in charge until Kaita kicked out needlessly at Vasileios Torosidis and was shown a red card after 33 minutes . Greece pressed forward and equalized just before halftime as Dimitrios Salpingidis saw his shot deflected into the net off Nigeria 's Lukman Haruna . Catch CNN 's World Cup twitter.buzz It was the first-ever goal in the World Cup finals for the Greeks . The highlight of the second half was a spell which saw Theofanis Gekas superbly denied by Nigerian goalkeeper Vincent Enyeama before Nigeria broke upfield with Yakubu Ayegbeni forcing Tzorvas into a smart save and Chinedu Ogbuke Obasi missed a clear chance on the follow-up . But soon after pulling off his fine save , Enyeama was deceived by a powerful shot by Alexandros Tziolis and Torosidis smashed in the rebound from close range for the eventual winner . The results mean Argentina are all but assured of qualification for the last 16 , but still need a point in their final group game against Greece to make absolutely sure . Even Nigeria are not entirely out of it , but would require a big win over South Korea to have any chance of progressing to the knockout stage .	Argentina on course for second round of World Cup after defeating South Korea 4-1 Striker Gonzalo Higuain scores the first hat-trick of the tournament in South Africa South Korea concede early own-goal but pull back to 2-1 down at halftime NEW : Greece beat 10-man Nigeria 2-1 in the second Group B match on Thursday
Four years ago , a young female journalist driving home from work at 3 a.m. was shot dead in her car in India 's capital , New Delhi . The state 's chief minister , Sheila Dixit , a woman , remarked that the girl was returning home all by herself "  at night in a city where people believe ... you know ... you should not be so adventurous . " This week , a 23-year-old woman , accompanied by a male friend , boarded a bus on a busy road in the capital at 9 p.m. , only to be brutally raped by a group of men . She was then savagely beaten , stripped and thrown onto the road . The girl and her friend , who was attacked for trying to protect her , were returning home after watching a movie . She is battling for life in hospital , according to her doctors . India 's rising rape cases -- one every 22 minutes , according to the National Crime Records Bureau -- betray what is wrong with society . Millions of Indians continue to believe that women invite trouble on themselves by being careless . Mothers often chide daughters for wearing provocative clothing , in most cases a sleeveless garment or a pair of hip-hugging jeans . In cities such as New Delhi , easily the most-policed state in the country , few women will take public or private transport unescorted after nightfall . More than 600 rape cases have been reported in New Delhi alone this year , according to government records . Worse still , many more go unreported because a large number feel insecure about reporting rape or even sexual harassment to lawmakers , either because they are not taken seriously or because in several cases the protectors have turned perpetrators . Earlier this month , a girl who was raped in her village by four men , was then allegedly raped by a police officer who was handling her case , according to medical examiners . She had to be rescued by a police team that raided the hotel where she was being held . The incident happened in Uttar Pradesh , which borders Delhi . Around the same time in Punjab , another northern state , an officer who was protecting his daughter against sexual harassment -- locally referred to as "  Eve teasing " -- was shot dead in public view , allegedly by a local political party member who was troubling her . The truth is , when most women report sexual harassment in India 's cities , towns and villages , they are typically met with a shrug . Slowly , but firmly , the onus of remaining safe seems to have shifted to women , instead of being shared by society and law-keepers . At a protest rally held in the city on Tuesday , when women waved placards saying : "  Do n't teach me what to wear , teach men not to rape , " it was meant as a wake-up call for society , for mothers and fathers , for law-keepers as well as lawmakers . Other posters saying : "  Do n't get raped , " with words crossed out to read : "  Do n't rape , " were a chilling reminder of how vulnerable and isolated women feel in India . India 's apparent nonchalance towards sexual harassment has escalated into a major crisis . And we 're not just talking about the odd sly remark or attempt to grope a woman but far more serious assaults . India 's misplaced tolerance has helped this cascade into a brutal , violent menace . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter .	23-year-old woman in critical condition in Delhi after being raped , beaten by gang The case has provoked widespread protests against authorities in India 's capital India reports a rape case every 22 minutes , according to the National Crime Records Bureau Menon : Many Indians believe that women invite trouble on themselves by being careless
CNN  -- I am probably neither the first nor last critic to say this , but Michel Hazanavicius ' "  The Artist " is a flawless film . There is literally nothing wrong with it . I do n't have a single nit to pick , minor flaw to point out or little bit that annoyed me . It is pure magic from the first frame to the last . It is proof that to be moving , engaging , enthralling and fun , movies have no need for sex or violence , color or even spoken dialog , for that matter . That 's not to say I do n't love many films with all those things , but "  The Artist " has distilled cinema to something it so rarely achieves : pure joy in art . This is not art for art 's sake , this is art for enjoyment 's sake . It 's not an "  important " film that we all need to see because it 's great art  although it is both important and art  it is a film that everyone should see because it 's joyous . It 's stunningly beautiful . It 's a throwback to some of the things that brought people into the cinema in the first place . The chance to escape their lives and live someone else 's for a time . The story is relatively simple and takes plot elements from "  Singing in the Rain , " "  Citizen Kane " and "  A Star is Born " as well as the best of Hollywood melodrama . George Valentin  Jean Dujardin  is a matinee idol , a star of the  silent  silver screen . Along with his faithful Jack Russell terrier  Uggie  , Valentin stars in action adventures and is revered by men and women alike . It 's the age old story : Men want to be him and women want to be with him . At the premiere of his latest blockbuster , as George is mugging for the cameras and signing autographs , he runs into Peppy Miller  a luminous Bérénice Bejo  , an aspiring actor . They meet cute when she is caught in the throng of autograph seekers  she is one herself  and suddenly finds herself on the other side of the policemen holding back the crowd and standing right next to her idol . Taking advantage of the situation , Peppy begins to mug , planting one on her idol 's cheek , landing the pair on the cover of Variety and setting the plot in motion , a variation on the old "  boy meets girl " standard . While George is reveling in his box office glory and Peppy is hoping to make the most of her instant fame , George 's wife , Doris  Penelope Ann Miller  , is stewing in jealousy and resentment . And while the photo in Variety is completely innocent , one gets the feeling her fears may not be completely groundless . Peppy lands a gig as an extra in George 's next film and the obvious attraction between the two begins to manifest itself . Peppy is a starstruck aspiring actress just beginning her career in show business and George is a veteran movie star and ladies man at the top of his game . You also get the feeling he 's been in this situation before . Things are going well for George . Despite the unrest at home , he 's got a new film , he 's got a new crush and all is right in his world , until the head of the studio , Al Zimmer  John Goodman  , begins to embrace the talkies . While Al is convinced that the advent of sound is the future of film , George is convinced the public will stick with him , so he bets on the continued popularity of the silent film . Thus , his career begins to wane , just as Peppy 's beings to wax . The end of the silent era  and his marriage  and the crash of the stock market send George into a spiral of booze and self-loathing , with only his faithful dog and chauffeur Clifton  James Cromwell  sticking by him . Bitter over the demise of his career , George even lashes out at what he sees as the symbol of that decline , Peppy . "  The Artist " is n't actually a silent film per se , as it has a score and well , I wo n't spoil it for you , but Hazanavicius ' use of sound is ingenious . However , for all intents and purposes , it is silent . For the actors , there was very little difference , as they still speak their lines , we just do n't hear them , but for the audience , the change is immeasurable . Instead of watching their faces almost exclusively , we find our eyes drifting across the screen and noticing things that perhaps we might not have noticed otherwise . A subtle cue of body language , the placing of objects within the frame , how the music moves the action along , all of these and more come alive when we 're not tied to watching the actors speak . Hazanavicius has a deft hand at directing and a delightful sense of whimsey . The film is peppered with sight gags in the best of classic Hollywood tradition , and both Dujardin and Bejo prove more than up for the task . A brief pantomime between Bejo and one of George 's suit jackets is worth the price of admission alone -- and keep your eye on the dog ! Hazanavicius and his backers took a huge risk in making the film . They funded a black and white , silent film with two unknown  in the United States  leads and a handful of supporting Hollywood talent . However , when Dujardin picked up the best actor prize at Cannes and reviews started to pour in , they knew they had a winner on their hands . A pure and open love letter to the cinema , "  The Artist " contains many nods and winks to the history of this art form and clever viewers will pick up on a few cues . It is , as I have mentioned , a comedy , a melodrama and a romance , but above all , it fulfills the promise of what cinema can be at its best . It takes us on a journey up to the peaks and down in the valleys , through love , loss , heartbreak and despair and right back around again to love . "  The Artist " is rated PG-13 , although it 's on the tame end of the scale . A bird is flipped , there are a few moments of characters in jeopardy and quite a bit of smoking , if that sort of thing bothers you .	"  The Artist " is a film everyone should see because it 's joyous The story is relatively simple and takes plot elements from "  Singing in the Rain " The film is peppered with sight gags in the best of classic Hollywood tradition
Beijing  CNN  China 's largest instant messaging service has apologized to nationalistic critics who blasted the popular app for "  showering " the accounts of some of its 400 million users with the U.S. flag . WeChat users typing in the phrase "  civil rights " last weekend noticed a cascade of Stars and Stripes raining down their screens , much to the chagrin of some Chinese customers , who said that no special icons appeared when patriotic Chinese terms were entered . "  When we entered words like National Day , China and the Red Flag with Five Stars , nothing happened , " complained the Fujian provincial committee of the Communist Youth League in its official microblog Sunday night , after posting pictures of its experiments . "  WeChat , could you explain why ? " In an online statement , WeChat -- owned by Chinese tech giant Tencent -- clarified that its team had added the U.S. flag special feature in honor of the Martin Luther King Jr. . Day in the United States on Monday and had meant for it to be seen only by users in the U.S. "  A system error had caused users in other regions to use this feature as well , " read the statement , which also apologized for the "  misunderstanding . " The controversy over the Stars and Stripes comes as the Chinese government -- under an increasingly powerful and ideologically conservative President Xi Jinping -- continues to tighten its grip over the cyberspace and beyond . The country 's top Internet regulator has shut down 133 public WeChat accounts for "  spreading distorted historical information " about the ruling Communist Party , state media reported Tuesday . The same agency recently told the state-controlled People 's Daily newspaper that China 's six major web portals deleted more than 340 million pornographic or otherwise "  harmful " posts last year as part of the government 's "  cleaning up the Internet " campaign . Earlier this week , the Communist leadership in Beijing ordered universities nationwide to fortify ideological control by "  studying and propagating Marxism , " as well as "  cultivating and promoting the core values of socialism , " according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . While many applauded the Communist Youth League 's criticism of WeChat 's flag feature , other Internet users called it narrow-minded . Referring to the attached screen grabs that unmistakably show an Apple device being used , one of the most liked comments under the post shot back : "  A Chinese Communist Youth League provincial committee using an American smartphone -- could you explain why ? "	WeChat messaging app users typing in the phrase "  civil rights " were inundated with U.S. flags WeChat said the U.S. flag special feature was in honor of the Martin Luther King Jr. . Day However , no special icons appeared when patriotic Chinese terms were entered And it was only meant to be seen only by users in the U.S. , not in other regions
CNN  -- The death toll on both sides from hostilities in Israel and Gaza is now over 1,000 ; among them are scores of children , and many more civilians are injured . Thousands are forced to flee their homes , and those who stay are left terrified by the bombs raining down . As negotiations for a cease-fire continue , many organizations have begun to provide relief to those in harm 's way and to protect those affected by the crisis . UNICEF estimates that thousands of families in Gaza have seen their homes destroyed or damaged . "  UNICEF and partners are procuring essential pediatric drugs for hospitals and health facilities , " its website says , "  and child protection teams are helping children and their caregivers cope with the psychological distress . " The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies is also on the ground in both Gaza and Israel . In Gaza , it is providing first aid and emergency support , with several medical centers operating where casualties are worst . Teams were able to enter some of the worst hit areas during short-lived ceasefires to help evacuate victims , many of whom were trapped in the rubble of destroyed buildings . In Israel , Red Cross partner organization Magen David Adom says it has treated hundreds for shrapnel injuries and psychological trauma . The organization is also providing ambulance transport for some critical patients transferred from Gaza . UNICEF stressed that "  the escalating violence in Gaza and Israel threatens devastating physical harm and mental distress for children on all sides , the effects of which can last a lifetime as their sense of security is undermined . " The American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee is working with the elderly and disabled in Israel to ensure that they have access to food and supplies , and providing psychosocial support for children in shelters . The Jewish Federations of North America are helping those Israelis in rocket range find safe spaces , as well as providing trauma counseling and other emergency services . The organization Medecins sans Frontieres has been supporting Al Shifa Hospital in Gaza City with a surgical team and other medical supplies . Save the Children has been working with local partners in Gaza to provide medical supplies and help those who have lost their homes with necessities such as baby food and mattresses . Mercy Corps is also providing assistance to civilians in Gaza , delivering food and necessities to those who need them , as well as medical kits to hospitals and clinics . As the conflict continues , pleas for peace echoed around the world . On its website , Save the Children joined other organizations in calling for an immediate cease-fire . "  We call for parties to address the root causes of violence that has left people in Gaza and in Israel caught in a cycle that must stop once and for all . " UNICEF tweeted a poignant quote , reminding us that children in conflict zones everywhere are perhaps the ones who suffer the most : "  I hate the future so much . We might live , or we might die . " The organization Seeds of Peace brings teenagers from around the world together to work on peacekeeping skills . A charter on its website reads , "  We refuse to be victims . We know it is possible to redirect human passions , even calls for revenge , toward the positive goal of creating peace . "	As the death toll rises , a number of organizations are helping in both Gaza and Israel UNICEF estimates thousands of families in Gaza have seen their homes damaged Groups say children on both sides need medical care and psychosocial support
Alan Gamez remembers the sadness he used to feel just looking in the mirror . "  My stomach was huge , " said Gamez , now 18 . "  I would just look at myself and be disappointed . " Obese throughout childhood , Gamez weighed 270 pounds his freshman year of high school . He felt like he had no friends that year . "  I would overeat because I really had no social life in school , " he said . He decided not to play baseball as a freshman because he thought his weight would hinder his performance . "  He was unhappy in all aspects of his life , and he took it out on his physical well-being , " Gomez 's high school counselor Mary Abbott wrote in a letter nominating Gamez for the Denver Mayor 's Youth Award . "  Alan had no control over his life . Thankfully , this is not the Alan Gamez of today . " In his sophomore year , Gamez decided to make a change . It started when he took an exercise health and wellness class , which taught him about nutrition and exercise . He remembers entering this class "  a little shy , " but became interested in the basics of working out and eating right . The hardest part , he said , was overhauling his eating habits . Gamez was accustomed to eating a lot , and often -- eight times a day . His mother would make enchiladas or fried beans ; in between meals , Gamez would snack on ice cream or chips . "  It was just what made me feel good , " he said . Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport Determined to change , Gamez stopped eating red meat and got his protein instead from chicken and fish . He made sure his caloric intake was between 1,500 and 2,000 calories each day . Once his mother noticed a change in him , she started cooking differently , too , Gamez said . His mother would go to his meetings with his dietitian , and the conversations opened her eyes about making better food choices , Gamez said . At first , Gamez was too shy to even run around the block near his home . Every morning he would privately exercise in an alley near his home . "  I would really not see changes in me , " he remembers . "  I would still believe I was obese and stuff , but every time I would go out to a family party , people would tell me , ` Wow , you 've changed a lot . ' I really did n't see it until I started noticing that I had to buy new clothes . " In about four months , he went from wearing clothes sized 2XL down to large , and eventually down to a medium . His pants size shrunk from 42 to 36 , and then from there to 32 . "  After a year , when I went back into school my junior year , that 's when I thought I was -- not perfect -- but I felt comfortable in my body , " he said . By the first semester of his junior year , he had dropped 100 pounds , weighing in at 170 the first semester . The change was n't only physical . Gamez joined the baseball team at a high school nearby and started hanging out with the players . He found that more people were talking to him . "  I told some people what I was doing so they could change their ways as well , " he said . His now-girlfriend did n't notice him when he was at his heaviest , but after he lost weight , he started talking to her . She liked what Gamez did to combat his weight problem , he said , and the two have been together since junior year . "  My confidence went up drastically , " he said . In the spring of 2013 , Gamez was honored with the Denver Mayor 's Youth Award , which celebrates teens who have overcome adversity and made positive changes . He was given a $ 1,000 scholarship . These days , Gamez works out at least five days a week , mostly lifting weights . Monday , he 'll work his chest and back ; Tuesday is biceps and triceps ; Wednesday is cardio ; Thursday is shoulders ; and Friday is legs . On weekends , he 'll be active too -- running , doing cardio exercises or playing catch with his girlfriend . He has gained weight since the end of high school -- he 's up to 230 pounds -- but he 's focusing on building muscle . He knows that extra pounds will come with that . Once he reaches his muscle goal , he 'll go back to cardio exercises . Gamez is now a student at Colorado State University . He wants to major in something like nutrition so that he can help others do what he did . "  He told me there is nothing greater than to watch people transform and reach their goals , knowing that they have the power to change within them , " Abbott wrote . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau .	Alan Gamez was up to 270 pounds as a freshman in high school He says he ate up to eight times a day , mostly unhealthy food A class in exercise and wellness at school inspired him to get fit He dropped down to 170 pounds , then used weightlifting to add muscle
Cautious doctors replacing former Vice President Dick Cheney 's heart defibrillator in 2007 modified it so it could n't be hacked by terrorists who might try to kill him , Cheney told CNN 's Sanjay Gupta in an interview that aired Sunday night on CBS ' "  60 Minutes . " Cheney 's cardiologist , Dr. Jonathan Reiner , was interviewed along with his famous patient . "  It seemed to me to be a bad idea for the vice president of the United States to have a device that maybe somebody ... might be able to get into , hack into , " Reiner said . Turning to Cheney , the cardiologist added : "  I worried that someone could kill you . " So , when Cheney needed his implanted defibrillator replaced in 2007 , Reiner ordered the manufacturer to disable the wireless feature , thus preventing anyone from sending a signal to the device and shocking the vice president into cardiac arrest . Gupta 's interview with Cheney and Reiner will air Tuesday on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Cheney is the author of a new book , "  Heart : An American Medical Odyssey , " co-written by Reiner . It 's described as a medical tale that looks at breakthroughs in cardiac care over the past 40 years . It 's also a story about how Cheney 's heart disease overlapped with key moments in history . Case in point : Around 9/11 , Cheney said , there was no time to worry about his health . He 'd already had several heart attacks by that point . "  I did n't think about my health . I was thinking about the problem we were dealing with , " Cheney said . But life has a persistent way of intruding -- and intrude his heart problems did -- many times over Cheney 's long political career . Just about two months after taking the oath as vice president , Cheney wrote a secret letter of resignation . It was pending for the entire time he served . Cheney wrote the letter because he saw a gap in the U.S. Constitution . If a vice president is alive but incapacitated , there 's nothing in the Constitution that allows for that person 's removal . Worried that he might find himself in that position , he penned the letter . Cheney unapologetic in documentary The 72-year-old Cheney suffered his first heart attack in 1978 , at age 37 , while campaigning for Congress . It was the first of five heart attacks . He suffered subsequent heart attacks in 1984 , 1988 , 2000 and 2010 . Cheney also underwent an open heart surgery and had a pacemaker implanted . In 2010 , Cheney had a left ventricular assist device , or LVAD , implanted to help his heart pump . The LVAD , a battery-operated heart pump , is basically used to buy people time -- a last resort , if you will -- while they await a new heart . Cheney waited 20 months for a transplant , undergoing the procedure last year . After appearing frail and weak , he now seems full of energy and is back to a normal weight . His color has returned and he has no shortness of breath . Gupta : Three things I learned about Dick Cheney Asked by Gupta how he is feeling , Cheney said "  fantastic . " "  Now I 'm to the point where -- I literally , you know , feel like I have a new heart , a lot more energy than I had previously . There are n't any real physical limits on what I do . I fish , I hunt . And -- I do n't ski , but that 's because of my knees , not my heart . So it 's -- it 's been a miracle , " he sahttp : / / www.secure-medicine.org/public/publications/icd-study.pdfid . It 's like having a new lease on life . "  You wake up every morning with a smile on your face because you 've got a new day you never expected to have . And there 's a sense , well , of wonderment . Nothing short of magical , " Cheney said . Dick Cheney : Fast Facts Bush had 95 % blockage before August heart procedure Hacking a defibrillator may sound improbable , but researchers have demonstrated that it is possible . Tadayoshi Kohno , associate professor of computer science and engineering at the University of Washington , and colleagues showed in a 2008 study that they could use their own hardware to communicate with an implantable cardioverter deﬁbrillator . "  We wanted to get ahead of any potential threat , " Kohno said . "  We knew that medical devices were advancing , and we wanted to get the medical device community focused on understanding the risks , so that future medical devices with more wireless communication capabilities , and so on , were adequately secured . " It was n't easy , Kohno said , but by studying the signals that hospital equipment would normally send to the device , researchers were able to figure out how to generate their own signals to communicate with it . From a few centimeters away from the device , they could change the defibrillator 's settings and turn its therapies on and off , Kohno said . The device was the current model at the time , but now represents an older generation of such devices . The FDA considers the security of medical devices to be an important issue , Kohno said , and the medical community is working on figuring out how to improve them . In the meantime , though , the risk for most people is incredibly low , Kohno said . "  If I had any medical reason to get an implantable defibrillator or a pacemaker , I would have no hesitation in doing so , even the one that we studied , " Kohno said . "  These are lifesaving devices and truly the benefits outweigh the risks . " The Federal Trade Commission is holding a workshop on November 19 to discuss privacy and security issues that arise from the increased connectivity of devices with each other and with people -- the so-called "  Internet of Things " -- including in the health arena .	"  I worried that someone could kill you , " doctor tells Cheney Cheney , 72 , suffered his first of five heart attacks in 1978 -- at age 37 The former VP talks to CNN 's Sanjay Gupta in an interview on CBS ' "  60 Minutes " "  It 's been a miracle , " Cheney says about his new heart
Orlando  CNN  -- "  Murderer , " one e-mail 's subject line said . "  Please shoot yourself , you racist piece of sh-t , " read the body of another e-mail . "  You killed an unarmed teen that you stalked . " And several dictated the same , succinct line : "  Hope you die in prison . " These venom-drenched words are just a smattering of at least 400 e-mails and letters , all sent to George Zimmerman over the past 10 months . Zimmerman , 29 , has yet to read the vast majority of these letters ; they are retained by his legal counsel in Orlando . His attorneys provided them exclusively to CNN , omitting the senders ' names to protect their identities . The majority are either neutral or compassionate , offering moral support and financial contributions to help with Zimmerman 's mounting bills . The supportive letters often blame the media for his woes and offer encouragement for the road ahead . Trayvon Martin 's parents ready to let jury decide fate of son 's killer Some applaud his lawsuit against NBC over the altering the recording of his police call , allegedly to "  create the myth that George Zimmerman was a racist and predatory villain . " Other missives -- many packed with vitriol and anger -- provide a glimpse into the emotion that overcame the nation when Zimmerman fatally shot Trayvon Martin , a black teen , in Sanford , Florida , exactly one year ago . Like the friendly letters , there are recurring themes : condemnation of Zimmerman 's conduct that night , mocking the website he established to collect donations for the legal defense and even ridiculing the physical appearances of him and his wife , Shellie . Zimmerman is vilified as a predator in these letters , while Martin is portrayed as a "  baby " or "  child . " Dozens are riddled with profanity and crude anatomical references . The outrage erupted when Sanford police at first declined to make an arrest in the shooting . The fury mushroomed as national networks picked up the story . At first , it seemed fairly black and white : Trayvon , an unarmed 17-year-old , was walking to the home of his father 's fiancee after a trip to the store for candy and tea when Zimmerman , the neighborhood watchman , saw him and called Sanford police 's nonemergency line . Zimmerman described Martin as a "  suspicious guy . " The dispatcher told Zimmerman not to follow the teen -- whether he did is still in dispute -- but the two later encountered each other . Zimmerman fired his weapon , and a bullet to Martin 's chest ended the youngster 's life . Police would later explain that the dispatcher 's imperative was "  not a lawful order that Mr. Zimmerman would be required to follow . " It would turn out to be a more complicated incident altogether , one whose details have yet to emerge completely . Many of the letters to Zimmerman indicate a rush to judgment that many in the nation seemed to embrace in the weeks after the shooting . "  Bottom line is u followed him and got out of your car so it 's 100 % your fault , " one sender alleged . 5 things you might have missed about the George Zimmerman saga "  You should n't have continued to pursue him after you were clearly told by the emergency operator to stop following him , " another said . Despite his myriad detractors , Zimmerman had his supporters as well , and they seemed to sympathize with the plight of a man so concerned about neighborhood break-ins that he bought a gun and dog and donned the mantle of neighborhood watchman . "  His character proves he is a good person and put in charge of trying to keep homes safe , " one of his supporters said in a handwritten letter . Though Zimmerman is half Hispanic and grew up in a mixed-race family , many of his opponents believed his actions were the product of racial profiling , while others felt the incident was being used to stoke racial tensions . Those sentiments , too , are apparent in the letters "  You are a RACIST BASTARD , who targeted an innocent Black kid , simply because he was Black , " one note read . "  You murder a child because of the color of his skin , " said another . In contrast , others saw the racial controversy as a ginned-up conspiracy to condemn Zimmerman and made references to "  the race-baiting media " and "  threats by the black community and their leaders . " "  Black people take every opportunity to claim they 've been wronged , " said one letter , while another encouraged Zimmerman to keep his head high : "  Do n't let the damn blacks hold you back . " Much of the correspondence Zimmerman received traces the curves of the evolving narrative since February 26 , 2012 , as previously obscured facts were brought to light and Zimmerman began to tell his side of the story . For instance , a friend who was on the phone with Martin at the time told authorities the teen told her he was being followed . Zimmerman has since said he was n't pursuing Martin . Rather , he was trying to determine a good street address to give to police . Another example is the shooting itself . While Zimmerman 's opponents say he had no cause to shoot Martin , 911 calls indicate there was a struggle that was loud enough to alert neighbors in the townhome community . Opinion : One year later , we remember Trayvon Martin Someone is heard shouting for help -- accounts vary as to who -- then , on one of the calls , a gunshot is heard . Zimmerman said it was Martin who attacked him , decking him with a punch to the nose before slamming his head repeatedly into the sidewalk . The first images released of Zimmerman -- from a grainy surveillance video -- did n't seem to support the assertion . He seemed clean , uninjured even , many said . But color photos released later -- one of the back of Zimmerman 's skull streaked in blood and another showing Zimmerman 's swollen nose , blood smeared across his mustache and lip -- raised the possibility he may have been attacked . "  If people claim you attacked and held him down and shot him you would n't be injured but you are . That proves to me your story makes more sense , " read an e-mail from one supporter . Other observers were not convinced . "  Your bloody nose picture only shows that Martin was fighting for his life against an armed man , " a retired Florida police officer wrote . Claiming self-defense , Zimmerman was n't arrested immediately . That decision by local police prompted many protests . Thousands rallied and walked out of schools . A specially appointed prosecutor decided to charge Zimmerman with second-degree murder in April , more than six weeks after the shooting , and the Sanford city manager axed Police Chief Bill Lee in June . Now , his defense team is faced with the task of convincing Seminole County Judge Debra Nelson that Zimmerman feared for his life . Many letters to Zimmerman indicate there are plenty of people who have already made up their minds . "  I believe you did what you needed to do I do n't do n't  sic  think you were wrong you were trying to protect yourself , " read an e-mail . " "  The fact is that Trayvon physically assaulted another human being , and in a civilized society , you are n't allowed to do that , " said another supporter . Florida task force : Keep ` stand your ground ' Other letters , however , cast Zimmerman as a coward who shot a teen after picking a fight with him . "  You shot trayvon when you were losing to  sic  fight that you started ! " one such e-mail chastised Zimmerman . It continued , "  Think about your nieces and nephews what if they were being followed by a strange male and turned to confront them , got in a fight with them got killed and the man said it was self-defense . May God bless your soul , if you ca n't see what you did was wrong . " Nelson will decide in April whether Zimmerman can avoid prosecution during an immunity hearing dealing with Florida 's now-controversial stand-your-ground law . The law states that people can use deadly force to defend themselves if they believe they are threatened with death or serious bodily harm . Though Martin 's supporters question how the law can be invoked under the circumstances in this case , there are those who believe the neighborhood watchman handled himself appropriately . "  Thank you for standing your ground , " one note said . If Nelson agrees with the stand-your-ground claim , Zimmerman 's scheduled June trial will be called off . If she rules against it , the trial will proceed . While many people have steadfast opinions about what happened the night Martin was killed , there are those who feel the situation is still unclear . "  I do n't know what actually happened between the two of them . In my ` gut , ' I feel it was probably a tragic accident and that they were both in the wrong place at the wrong time , " read a handwritten letter . Another stated , "  I do not think that you are a racist , just a loose cannon from the 19th century . ... I do not hate you or like you , I am pretty much neutral . " If Nelson sends the case to trial , the next stage will be jury selection . If these last few letters are any indication , there may still be at least a few impartial onlookers amid a sea of passionate opinions .	E-mail , letters to Zimmerman , provided exclusively to CNN , show outrage , support Zimmerman focus of nation after shooting Trayvon Martin , 17 , one year ago "  You murder a child because of the color of his skin , " one letter alleges about Zimmerman Another letter says Martin , Zimmerman likely in "  wrong place at the wrong time "
CNN  -- So , Gary Oldman , tell us what you really think . In a raw interview with Playboy , the actor , 56 , railed against Hollywood "  dishonesty " and double standards , said that Mel Gibson and Alec Baldwin have been victims of hypocrisy and asserted that not voting for "  12 Years a Slave " to win an Oscar meant "  you were a racist . " Oh , and he does n't like the Golden Globes , helicopter parents or reality TV , either . Indeed , the "  Dark Knight " actor , who 's starring in the forthcoming "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , " pulled no punches when talking about pretty much anything . The conversation will appear in the magazine 's July/August issue . The Gibson and Baldwin affairs really angered him , he said , because he believes their accusers do n't exactly have clean hands themselves . "  I do n't know about Mel . He got drunk and said a few things , but we 've all said those things . We 're all f *** ing hypocrites , " Oldman said . "  The policeman who arrested him has never used the word ` n ***** ' or ` that f *** ing Jew ' ? I 'm being brutally honest here . It 's the hypocrisy of it that drives me crazy . "  Mel Gibson is in a town that 's run by Jews and he said the wrong thing because he 's actually bitten the hand that I guess has fed him -- and does n't need to feed him anymore because he 's got enough dough , " Oldman continued . "  But some Jewish guy in his office somewhere has n't turned and said , ` That f *** ing kraut ' or ` F *** those Germans , ' whatever it is ? We all hide and try to be so politically correct . That 's what gets me . It 's just the sheer hypocrisy of everyone . " Other Oldman tidbits : On reality TV : "  The museum of social decay . " On helicopter parents : "  There 's never any unsupervised play to develop skills or learn about hierarchy in a group or how to share . The kids honestly believe they are the center of the f *** ing universe . But then they get out into the real world and it 's like , 'S ** t , maybe it 's not all about me , ' and that leads to narcissism , depression and anxiety . " On political correctness at the Oscars : "  At the Oscars , if you did n't vote for '12 Years a Slave ' you were a racist . " On the Golden Globes : "  A meaningless event . ... It 's 90 nobodies having a wank . " If Oldman is hard on Hollywood and its people , he 's equally critical of himself . Asked about "  Sid & Nancy , " his breakthrough film , he said , "  I do n't like myself in the movie . " Ditto with "  The Fifth Element " and "  The Dark Knight . " "  It was work , " he said .  He did have kind things to say about the film "  Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy , " Francis Ford Coppola and "  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban " director Alfonso Cuaron . As the interview continued , Oldman -- who described his politics as "  libertarian " -- recognized that he may have been a little too blunt . "  So this interview has gone very badly . You have to edit and cut half of what I 've said , because it 's going to make me sound like a bigot , " he said at one point "  You 're not a bigot ? " replied interviewer David Hochman . "  No , but I 'm defending all the wrong people , " Oldman said . "  I 'm saying Mel 's all right . Alec 's a good guy . So how do I come across ? Angry ? " "  Passionate , certainly , " Hochman said . "  Readers will have to form their own opinions . " "  It 's dishonesty that frustrates me most , " Oldman said . "  I ca n't bear double standards . It gets under my skin more than anything . "	Gary Oldman sounds off in Playboy interview Oldman says hypocrisy drives him crazy Hypocrisy and political correctness hurt Mel Gibson , Alec Baldwin , he said Oldman has little patience for Hollywood niceties
CNN  -- Shortly after Hawaii became a state in 1959 , more than 90 % of registered voters there participated in elections . The state , which now has the lowest voter turnout rate in the country , has a vibrant history of civic participation . It could be that way again . Here are six recommendations for how Hawaii could boost its voter turnout rate , taking into account both national and state policies , as well as individual efforts . Have a look and please offer suggestions of your own in the comments section below .  And a special thanks to those of you who sent in ideas on the Change the List Tumblr  . 1 . Ask five friends to vote  seriously  : On a recent trip to Hawaii , I met people who did n't know the presidential election would be in November  It 's the 6th , in case that 's you  . Others do n't identify as voters . That can all change if you invite someone to participate . Better , ask five people , or post this on five friends ' Facebook walls . It 's shocking how far these personal invitations can go . 2 . Pressure candidates to debate in public : By far the most eccentric person I met in Hawaii was Kawika Crowley , a self-described homeless candidate for a U.S. House seat . He is seen by many as a joke . His platform , for example , is anti-tax and pro-smoking  in bars , if the owner wants to allow it  . No matter how wacky his ideas are , or how unlikely his chances , his opponent , Tulsi Gabbard , a rising star in the Democratic party , should debate him . The Gabbard campaign said no media organizations have approached the Democratic candidate about having a debate with Crowley . "  You can stand on a street corner and have a debate but we have n't seen any media outlets come forward " requesting one , said spokesman Jim McCoy . It likely is too late for that to happen now , with the election less than two weeks away . But a debate would have been the democratic thing to do -- even if it had to be held on YouTube . 3 . Start the move toward online elections : Young people do n't vote . That 's true nationally . It 's especially true in Hawaii , where less than half of the eligible population casts ballots -- and , in 2008 , less than a third of young people voted . There 's little if any voting culture in the state . That could change if elections came to younger people in the places they hang out : the beach  unlikely  , or the Internet . At the very least , voter registration should move online . It 's unclear to what degree this would boost turnout , said David Becker , from the Pew Charitable Trusts , but it 's more efficient and more accurate . 4 . Ease registration laws : Minnesota had the highest voter turnout rate in 2008 -- with nearly 80 % of eligible residents casting ballots . That 's incredible , but it could be replicated . The state 's laws -- particularly one that allows voters to register at their polling place on Election Day -- make it easy to vote . Hawaii should at least consider implementing the same . As Becker pointed out , what works in one state may not work in another . The cultures and weather in these states are clearly different . But it 's still worth a try . 5 . Encourage civics education in schools : The best way to create a new generation of voters is to educate them about why civics matter -- how their government affects their day-to-day lives and why it 's best not to check out of the system . That 's some heavy lifting . It 's happening at some Hawaii schools . I went to two -- Mililani High School and Punahou , where Barack Obama went to high school -- to see firsthand what a difference a civics-minded education can make . It 's stunning . If you talk to kids about politics and voting , they end up creating videos like this one , by Maiya Smith at Punahou , which encourages her friends to vote . It makes all the difference . 6 . Eliminate the Electoral College : Can anyone argue the Electoral College makes sense in 2012 ? It should be abolished , creating a  for once  truly democratic system where each vote is given the same weight in a presidential election . People in Hawaii feel their votes are less important than those in Ohio or Florida -- or any mainland state . By the time they get to the polls , winners of national elections already have been announced . Presidents have been named . Doing away with the Electoral College would ease this disconnect , making Hawaii 's votes matter as much as everyone else 's .	Hawaii has the lowest voter turnout rate in the country CNN 's Change the List aims to boost turnout there The new project is led by CNN 's John D. Sutter Here are six solutions to the state 's low civic participation
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Something in the lakes around Orlando , Florida , has claimed the lives of three boys this summer . Will Sellars ' family says he died after being exposed to a deadly amoeba on a Florida lake . "  This thing is just there . It 's lurking like some deadly thing in the water which can take our children 's lives and we all have to be aware , " said Orange County Health Department Director Dr. Kevin Sherin . The "  thing " is n't a fish or alligator . It is so small it can not be seen with the naked eye . The killer that lives in the hot , fresh water is a single cell amoeba that once exposed to the human brain through the nasal passages is almost always fatal . At first people exposed to the amoeba , naegleria fowleri , suffer from flu-like symptoms . Very quickly , in from one to 14 days , the symptoms worsen , Sherin said . "  There 's a downhill course . Folks lapse into a coma ; there are abnormal movements of the eyes and a terrible cascade of events leading to the actual death of parts of the brain . " Sherin said exposure to the amoeba can be detected by an MRI and it can be treated with antibiotics if caught early enough , but Sherin said he believes medical personnel are not in the habit of looking for the disease . That is because the amoeba is very rare . The Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta , Georgia , has documented 24 cases in the United States since 1989 . Health officials do not know what caused three cases in Orlando in one summer . Theories range from warmer temperatures to a drought that has lowered lake levels . Sherin said officials considered closing access to the lakes , but concluded they did not have the authority . Even if public lakes had been closed , private lakes would have remained open . So , at 15 parks and lakes around the city , warnings about the amoeba have been posted . The signs urge bathers to wear nose clips or stay out of water warmer than 80 degrees Fahrenheit , which can be a breeding ground for the amoeba . The warnings provide little solace for Steve Sellars . Health investigators said they believe Sellars ' 11-year old son , Will , was exposed to the amoeba during an August weekend spent learning to wakeboard on Orlando 's Lake Jessamine . "  You think it wo n't happen to me , it wo n't happen to my family . " Sellars said . "  You 're wrong " " -LSB- Will 's -RSB- symptoms were like a flu bug , " Sellars said , "  We rushed him to the hospital and two days later he 's passed away . It 's like a nightmare . " A month later , a 10-year-old boy died from exposure to the amoeba . Investigators have not determined where he was exposed . The death of a 14 year-old boy in June in the Orlando area also is being blamed on the amoeba . As he investigates the deaths of the three boys from the amoeba , Sherin is concerned these type of deaths may be underreported . Health departments in Florida are not required to report amoeba infections to the state . The illness is so rare , he said , it may be commonly misdiagnosed in the United States and internationally . He said anyone who exhibits flu-like symptoms who has been in a lake recently should see a doctor immediately . Speaking in Will 's old bedroom , which Steve Sellars has decorated with photographs of his son , Sellars said he hopes he can help get the word out . He does not want anyone to lose a family member as quickly and mysteriously as he did . "  It 's the worst thing we ever had to go through and I hate to see any other parent go through this and another child lose his life , " Sellars said . E-mail to a friend	3 boys die from deadly amoeba in Orlando-area lakes this summer Bathers warned to stay out of water warmer than 80 degrees Fahrenheit Officials : Flu-like symptoms after swimming in a lake should spark alarm
CNN  -- A Bahraini hunger striker protesting the assault and detention of her father and husband was taken to hospital Sunday but was released after refusing an intravenous tube , a human rights activist told CNN . Zainab Al-Khawaja was entering the sixth day of her hunger strike when her health deteriorated to the point that her family took her to the hospital , said Nabeel Rajab , head of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights . She was so ill that she could not talk or move , he said . At the hospital , however , Al-Khawaja refused to allow doctors to administer an IV , and she returned home , Rajab said . On April 9 , at 3 a.m. , masked officers burst into Zainab Al-Khawaja 's home and assaulted her father , Abdulhadi Al-Khawaja , and her husband , Mohammed Al-Masqati , according to family members and human rights activists . Zainab Al-Khawaja said the officers beat her father severely . Abdulhadi Al-Khawajais a former president of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights . In February , he resigned from his position as director of the Middle East-North Africa region for the International Foundation for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders ' Front Line organization . The Bahraini government declined to comment on Al-Khawaja 's case . Human Rights Watch says Bahraini police forces have arrested more than 430 people in recent weeks , often violently and late at night . Meanwhile , a human rights group on Sunday reported the arrest of a prominent defense attorney . More than two dozen uniformed and plainclothes officers raided the home of lawyer Mohammed al-Tajer on Friday and arrested him , Human Rights Watch said . There was no reason given for his arrest , the organization said . Al-Tajer is one of several attorneys who have defended opposition figures and human rights activists arrested by the government .	Zainab Al-Khawaja 's health has deteriorated She refused an IV at the hospital She was released back to her house
Mashable  -- Call it Cloudgate , Cloudpocalyse or whatever you 'd like , but the extended collapse of Amazon Elastic Cloud Compute  EC2  is both a setback for cloud computing and an opportunity for us to figure out how to stop it from happening again . Amazon may be best-known for its online shopping site , but it also has a substantial cloud computing business . It provides a scalable , flexible and particularly efficient solution for companies to store and deliver massive amounts of content . Its model of only paying for what you consume was a radical innovation when it launched in 2006 . In fact , Amazon Web Services has been so affordable and reliable that thousands of companies from Foursquare to Netflix utilize the company 's cloud computing technology and servers to run their businesses . They put their faith in Amazon 's cloud because there was no reason to think that it would falter . One of cloud computing 's key tenants is reliability through redundancy of both servers and data centers . Then on Wednesday , Amazon 's northern Virginia data center started experiencing problems that caused major latency and connectivity issues . The trouble was apparently due to excessive re-mirroring of its Elastic Block Storage  EBS  volumes -- this essentially created countless new backups of the EBS volumes that took up Amazon 's storage capacity and triggered a cascading effect that caused downtime on hundreds  or more likely thousands  of websites for almost 24 hours . The collapse took its share of victims . Among the most prominent companies affected were Foursquare , Quora , Hootsuite , SCVNGR , Heroku , Reddit and Wildfire , though hundreds of other companies big and small were affected . Luckily , one of Amazon 's most prominent customers , Netflix , did n't experience problems because it 's built for the loss of an entire data center , while companies relying on Amazon 's four other global data centers did n't experience too many issues . A learning moment FathomDB founder Justin Santa Barbara has a detailed post on his blog about what may be the biggest problem to come out of this week 's collapse : Amazon 's cloud redundancies failed to stop a mass outage . Its Availability Zones are supposed to be able to fail independently without bringing the whole system down . Instead , there was a single point of failure that should n't have been there . This week 's disaster in the cloud is a reminder to startups to build redundancy into their applications and their own systems , but as Santa Barbara points out , most startups do n't have the time or resources to engineer for multiple cloud systems  each Amazon global region/data center has its own rules and features , making a simple "  switch " to another center difficult  . These companies trusted Amazon to keep them online , and Amazon failed to deliver . Catastrophic issues will always occur , but in the pre-cloud era , downtime only affected a single computer or website . Today , a catastrophic event takes down thousands of websites , causing millions or even billions of dollars in lost revenue and productivity . This incident is no reason for us to shun cloud computing , though . Its benefits  scalability , cost reduction , device independence , performance and more  far outweigh its cons . We do need to take a hard look at how we structure our cloud infrastructure though and find new ways to either prevent single points of failure or quickly move content off failing clouds faster , especially as the world 's computing power is consolidated into fewer and fewer systems . Cloud computing is still in its infancy , and today 's events make it clear that we still have a lot of work to do . It could be a whole lot worse next time if we are n't prepared . See the original article at Mashable.com . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	On Wednesday , Amazon Elastic Cloud Compute collapsed The trouble was due to excessive re-mirroring of its Elastic Block Storage volumes The collapse affected were Foursquare , Quora , Hootsuite , SCVNGR , and many others
LONDON , England -- Formula One drivers spend a lot of time talking about the gym and going jogging . Toyota 's Timo Glock has to spend a lot of time in the gym to be fit enough to race . Even when they 're on holiday there is a gym close at hand -- in fact many list fitness as a hobby , which is a little on the sad side . However , they 're exercise obsessed for a good reason : without being in peak fitness they would not be able to handle the stresses of driving a Formula One car at 350kmh . It 's perhaps the one situation where sitting down for up to two hours is actually very , very tiring . According to Toyota , their drivers -- Jarno Trulli and Timo Glock -- would not last a race without getting sweaty in the gym . "  The highly-efficient carbon brakes slow a car down so rapidly and the downforce generated by current aerodynamics is such that a driver experiences a peak of around 5Gs under braking and in high-speed corners , " the team said . "  This affects the whole body but has its most dramatic consequence on the neck and chest . " The team said for a "  typical person " the forces were almost unimaginable , the closest comparison they could make was with a rollercoaster -- though that is some way off . During a race , most drivers had an average heart rate around 170 beats per minute -- higher than most other athletes -- with a peak of 190 , Toyota said . Moreover , this season -- with traction control removed -- the drivers heartbeats had increased up to 10 beats a minute . Glock said Formula One was unique when it came to the fitness requirements . "  I would say it 's completely different to any other sport because you have a heartbeat average of 170 over an hour and a half and you never see that in another sport , " Glock said . "  That makes it completely different . That 's the reason why you have to be really fit as a Formula One driver . " Toyota team doctor Riccardo Ceccarelli said the drivers had to have a very high aerobic fitness level . "  They go jogging , cycling , all sports that involve aerobic area . The second part of the training is specific for the neck . They need a very strong neck because every corner puts a load of around 20-25kgs on the neck , and obviously a strong upper body and forearms . " Ceccarelli said keeping the brain in top condition was also important . "  The brain is just like a muscle and you can train it . " He has developed computer simulations which could test -- and improve -- reaction times , multi-tasking and spatial awareness . Trulli said he used the above to ensure he was mentally prepared for a race . "  We do mental preparation with some of these simulations which have been developed through the years . I can easily do them at home or even during the Grand Prix weekend using my computer . "  It 's all about keeping concentration and trying to be fit and concentrated for a race distance , which is not so easy in a Formula One car because obviously it 's very quick . " Ceccarelli said studies had shown a marked difference between how racing drivers and normal people responded to the tests . "  The difference is that the driver is much more economical in managing this performance , so his brain is working in an economical way compared to a normal person . "  That means he is able to carry on this performance for a longer time compared to a normal person . That is the important point we have to consider in the training . "	Formula One drivers ' hearts beat up to 190 times a minute during races Heart rate is above most other athletes , making aerobic fitness very important Drivers have to deal with forces of up to 5Gs during races
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- A man who stayed in a Las Vegas hotel room where ricin was found is in critical condition at a hospital , where he has been since mid-February , said a Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department official . A man is in critical condition after exposure to ricin at a Las Vegas , Nevada , hotel . Deputy Chief Kathy Suey said the man called from the hotel asking for medical help on February 14 , saying he was suffering from respiratory distress , and was transported to the hospital . Since he was gone from the extended-stay hotel and not paying his rent , managers began eviction procedures , Suey said at a news conference . A friend or relative of his who came to remove his belongings from the room found the ricin Thursday , she said . Watch Suey describe how the ricin was found " Tests confirm the substance found in the room was ricin , police said , but it remains a mystery how it got there . Suey said the man hospitalized was not a suspect and police do n't know whether the ricin was his , or if he even knew it was there . The FBI said it was treating the matter as a criminal investigation and terrorism was not suspected . Pets were found in the room , Suey said . "  Two of those pets are fine . One of the pets is deceased or was put down , " she said . There was no evidence that the animal died from ricin exposure , Suey said . "  The dog that was in there was without food and water for a week . " She said the man was unable to speak to police , but a doctor at the briefing said he held out hope the man might recover enough to provide information . "  Usually , if -LSB- ricin victims -RSB- survive the first three to five days , they usually do fine , " said Dr. Lawrence Sands of the Southern Nevada Health District , emphasizing that he did n't know specifics of the case . As little as 500 micrograms of the toxin -- an amount the size of the head of a pin -- can kill an adult . Watch how ricin poisoning affects people " Suey said seven people -- including apartment management and police officers -- had been taken to the hospital to be checked out after the ricin was discovered . None showed signs of poisoning , and all had been released , she said . Symptoms of ricin poisoning can include anything from difficulty breathing , fever , cough , nausea and sweating to severe vomiting and dehydration . "  We did have enough ricin to be of concern , " said Capt. Joe Lombardo of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department . Lombardo said areas of the hotel exposed to the toxin have been decontaminated . The discovery of ricin alarms law-enforcement agencies because authorities in several countries have investigated links between suspect extremists and ricin . Ricin is a poison that can be made from waste left over after processing castor beans , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The toxin can come in the form of a mist or pellet and can be dissolved in water or weak acid , according to the CDC . The agency also said the toxin works by getting inside the cells of a person 's body and preventing the cells from making the proteins they need . Lombardo said authorities found castor beans in the room and also powder in a small vial . He said ricin is not illegal to own , but it 's illegal if processed to be used for poisoning someone . Ricin has limited medical uses -- it can be used to kill cancer cells and bone marrow transplants . CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , said that while a small amount can kill somebody if injected , tons of it would be needed to use as a mass terrorism tool . Gupta said there are three ways of exposure to ricin : inhalation , ingestion or injections . If inhaled , people may develop fever , a cough , nausea , fluid in the lungs and organ failure . There is no specific test for exposure and no antidote once exposed , he said . There have been other reported cases involving ricin in the United States . In January 2005 , the FBI arrested an Ocala , Florida , man with no known ties to terrorists or extremists after agents found ricin in the home he lives in with his mother . Ricin was found in February 2004 in the mailroom of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington . The mailroom handles correspondence addressed to U.S. lawmakers . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Hospitalized man not a suspect , police say ; it 's unknown if ricin was his Hotel guest called for medical help , has been hospitalized since February 14 Police official says "  100 percent ricin " found in Las Vegas , Nevada , hotel room FBI says there 's no link to terrorism
CNN  -- Lee Thompson Young 's "  Rizzoli & Isles " character , Detective Barry Frost , was given an emotional farewell in Tuesday 's episode . The 29-year-old actor committed suicide last August , and his absence from the show has been treated with sensitivity . Young 's Barry Frost has been written out of the show as a victim of a tragic car accident , and Tuesday 's episode , appropriately titled "  Goodbye , " showed the rest of the cast coming to terms with their loss . Angie Harmon 's character , Detective Jane Rizzoli , particularly struggled with her grief and gave a moving eulogy at Frost 's memorial . "  We should n't be here today , " Harmon 's Rizzoli began . "  Barry Frost was too young and too good for us to be here today . But yet , here we are . I 've been given the incredible honor of talking about how much we all loved Barry , and I could say a lot and then go sit down , but it would n't do him justice . " As photos of Young flashed across the screen , Harmon 's character pointed out that "  Barry was so many things to so many people . A son . A cop . A friend . I met Barry when he joined homicide . He was so nervous because parts of the job did n't quite agree with him , but he did n't let that stand in his way . ... He always wanted to try new things and push himself . I admired the passion he brought to his work . I will miss him as my partner . I will miss him as my friend . " It was n't a stretch to imagine that Harmon was n't just reciting dialogue as part of the episode 's story , but was speaking about her former co-star as well . "  Angie was absolutely amazing in that scene , " "  Rizzoli & Isles ' " executive producer Jane Nash told TVGuide.com . "  She was focused on the eulogy being exactly right , that it be reflective of Barry Frost 's character and also be reflective of Lee . " Young grew to fame as the star of Disney 's "  The Famous Jett Jackson " and moved on to star in the 2004 movie "  Friday Night Lights , " along with roles in TV shows like "  FlashForward " and "  Smallville . " He 'd starred as Frost on TNT 's "  Rizzoli & Isles " since 2010 , and was in production for the final episodes of season four when he died in August . "  Our benchmark was , if his family chose to watch it , would they feel like we honored his memory ? " Nash told TVGuide.com . "  His family gets to decide if we did or not , but we feel we honored him and did what we set out to do . "	"  Rizzoli & Isles " eulogized Lee Thompson Young 's character on Tuesday The episode showed the cast grieving Angie Harmon 's Jane Rizzoli gave a moving tribute The executive producer wanted to honor Young 's memory
Kemba Smith Pradia voted for the first time in her life in Indianapolis city elections last fall . This year , she moved from Indiana to Virginia , a few months ahead of the November presidential election , in which she 'd very much like to cast her ballot . But she ca n't . Pradia is a former felon , and in Virginia , people convicted of violent felonies , drug crimes , and certain other offenses must wait for five years before even applying for a gubernatorial restoration of voting rights . That 's five years after serving your sentence , finishing supervised probation and paying all fines and restitution . And those five years have to be clean -- no misdemeanors or pending convictions , or the application is void . Such laws -- which exist in various forms in 11 other states besides Virginia -- mean that an estimated 5.8 million people do not have the right to vote , according to ProCon.org , a non-partisan group that researches and tracks controversial issues . The NAACP launched a nationwide campaign Tuesday to restore voting rights for ex-felons , saying that state efforts to block such rights are thinly veiled attempts to suppress the black vote . NAACP President and CEO Benjamin Jealous kicked off the campaign in Florida , which has the highest level of disenfranchisement in the country . "  What this comes down to really is , do you think voting is a right or is it a privilege ? Because if voting is a right , people who have paid their debt to society should be allowed to vote , " Jealous said earlier Tuesday on "  CNN Newsroom . " In 2007 , then-Gov . Charlie Crist of Florida , a Republican at the time , signed reforms to allow former felons who 'd completed their sentences to more easily get their voting rights restored . Four years later , Republican Gov. Rick Scott reversed those reforms , imposing a five - to seven-year waiting period and a complicated application process to get civil rights restored . In issuing the new rules for voting rights for ex-felons , Scott said the changes "  are intended to emphasize public safety and ensure that all applicants desire clemency , deserve clemency , and demonstrate they are unlikely to reoffend . " "  It stands to reason that individuals who have committed serious violence or sexual offenses ; abused the privilege of holding public office ; endangered society with poisonous drugs ; or carried a firearm after they have been convicted should be required to attend a hearing and explain why their rights should be restored , " Scott said in a statement in March of 2011 . According to a study of state data by the Miami Herald and Tampa Bay Times , 7,000 people were removed from Florida 's voter rolls in the first four months of this year for recent felony convictions . Among those removed , 51 % are Democrats and 17 % are Republicans . Nationally , 38 % of the people disenfrachised due to felony convictions are African-American , according to the Sentencing Project . The American Civil Liberties Union said Florida has the nation 's largest share of disenfranchised voters , where nearly one out of every five black men overall is ineligible to vote . Every vote counts in Florida , a heavily contested battleground in the 2012 elections and the pivotal player in the result of the 2000 elections , which was decided by 537 votes in favor of George Bush . Another swing state crucial to the elections this year is Virginia , where former felons who have served their sentences and paid all fines and restitution must wait "  a minimum of two years for a non-violent offense or five years for a violent felony or drug distribution , drug manufacturing offense , any crimes against a minor , or an election law offense " before applying to have their voting rights restored . Pradia was sentenced to 24 years in prison in 1994 for a crack cocaine conviction that she says was the result of her abusive relationship with a drug dealer . In 2000 , then-President Bill Clinton commuted her sentence to time served . But that was n't the end of her punishment . "  One of the collateral consequences of having been incarcerated is losing my right to vote , " she told a United Nations Human Rights Council panel in Geneva last week . An NAACP delegation urged the U.N. 's special rapporteur on racism to investigate what it said were racially discriminatory election laws in the United States . Not being able to vote "  makes one feel inferior , " Pradia told CNN Tuesday . "  You do n't want people that are trying to reintegrate , trying to live a better lifestyle , to feel this way , " she added . "  It 's hard for me to be able to explain to my children why I 'm not able to vote when I pay taxes , and they see me working hard and doing things I should be doing as a citizen . " Pradia said she applied in August for her voting rights to be restored in Virginia . She has not yet received a response to her request .	Pradia was convicted of a first-time , non-violent drug offense in Virginia in 1992 The NAACP says state efforts to block ex-felons from voting is discriminatory Florida has one of the toughest processes to restore former felons ' voting rights
CNN  -- The 30-year-old suburban Chicago husband being sought in the stabbing death of his new bride told an associate he was heading to Mexico , where his parents live , according to an FBI affidavit released Friday . Charged with first-degree murder , Arnoldo Jimenez of Burbank , Illinois , was tracked using his phone in southern Illinois near Memphis , Tennessee , through Arkansas to Houston and then to Hidalgo , Texas , near the Mexican border at 10:45 p.m. Sunday , the same day police found his new bride murdered in her home , the affidavit said . On Sunday , Jimenez told his sister by phone that he and Estrella Carrera , 26 , "  had a bad fight , and he left her bleeding , " FBI Special Agent R. Brian Wentz said in an affidavit . Jimenez also told "  a close associate " that he was leaving Illinois and "  if questioned by law enforcement , the associate should tell law enforcement he went to Mexico , " Wentz said in the affidavit , filed in U.S. District Court in Chicago . The Cook County State 's Attorney 's Office will extradite Jimenez upon his arrest , the FBI said . The FBI has joined the search for Jimenez , now the subject of an international manhunt , and a federal warrant charging Jimenez with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution was issued Friday in U.S. District in Chicago , said FBI Special Agent Ross Rice . Jimenez , born in Texas , still owns property in Pharr , Texas , and also has relatives in North Carolina , the FBI affidavit said . Carrera , found stabbed to death in her bathtub , was still in the sequined cocktail dress she wore to her wedding reception , police said . Jimenez and Carrera were married May 11 at Chicago City Hall , according to authorities . Carrera 's cousin Sandy Lopez told CNN affiliate WBBM that the couple had been together for three years . They celebrated their union with family and friends with dinner and a limo ride to at least one nightclub on the city 's north side , according to police . The newlyweds were dropped off about 4 a.m. Saturday at their condominium in a three-story brick building , police said . "  She was happy . She was fine . Did nothing out of the ordinary at all , " Lopez told WBBM . About 36 hours later , police found Carrera 's body after responding to a call from a family member concerned that there might be something wrong . Carrera had failed to pick up her two children , ages 2 and 8 , as scheduled the day before , police said . There were no signs of forced entry at her home , police said . "  It is important to know that this appears to be an isolated incident stemming from a domestic situation and the investigation is continuing , " police said this week . Lopez told WBBM she had "  no idea why somebody would do this to her . " The 6-foot , 225-pound Jimenez was last seen driving a black 2006 Maserati . CNN 's Moni Basu and Rich Porter contributed to this report .	Arnoldo Jimenez told an associate he was going to Mexico , FBI says FBI tracks phone use from Illinois to Texas near the Mexican border He told his sister that he and his new bride had "  a bad fight , " and he left her bleeding Bride Estrella Carrera , 26 , was found stabbed to death in a cocktail dress in the bathtub
Not so long ago , it was a regular part of my job as a journalist covering Capitol Hill to stand in the hallways for hours waiting for bipartisan negotiations to conclude on a bill , and a deal to be announced . These days , there is rarely any standing around , because such bipartisan meetings almost never even happen anymore . This is just one illustration of the extent of today 's dysfunction in Congress - and it shows how the notion of horse-trading that is required to reach compromise is becoming a lost art . It 's not just that the extreme wings of both parties are emboldened . It is also about experience - or lack thereof , in that art of legislating -- knowing what it means to give a little to get a little . Yet over the past several months , while much of Congress was on the campaign trail trying to get re-elected , there were bipartisan discussions quietly taking place on significant legislation - one to fund the government for the next year . That bill morphed into what is now widely known as the "  Cromnibus " - a $ 1.1 trillion,1,603-page bill that funds and sets the priorities for nearly all of the federal government . Even this small breakthrough mostly serves as a reminder of how messy the process has become . There are supposed to be 12 individual spending bills that pass Congress and go to the President 's desk -- not one monster-sized bill . Even House Appropriations Chair Hal Rogers , a chief GOP negotiator , says "  it 's too big of a bite to digest and members generally are n't familiar with what 's in all those bills . " Still , in today 's fractured times , a so-called "  omnibus " is a step up from the way things had been going - careening from fiscal crisis to fiscal crisis - then kicking the can down the road year to year with a continuing resolutions keeping the government running . The "  omnibus " may be unruly , but at least lawmakers sat down in a bipartisan way for the first time in a while and tried to reset how America spends its money , and by extension , its priorities on everything from new threats like Ebola to fundamental needs like infrastructure , defense , and government assistance for the needy . Reaching bipartisan agreement on funding so many different aspects of the federal government , in which the parties have fundamental differences in philosophy , requires real compromise . Finding that compromise really is an art - the art of legislating . To practice that art , you have to be willing to give things up . "  We worked across the aisle . We worked across the dome . We practiced civility . We argued . We debated . We fought . You know , sometimes you give a little , you take a little , but you stand up for them all , " explained Sen. Barbara Mikulski , Senate Appropriations Chair and principal Democratic negotiator . One of the most partisan political figures in recent times was the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , D-Mass , but he was also one of the most successful legislators in the history of the Senate . He knew that achieving his goals took time and patience , and he was willing to give a little to Republicans to get a little for Democratic priorities . There were lots of Republicans who did the same . With the influx of so-called Tea Party Republicans over the past four years came a number of lawmakers with an all or nothing attitude . That has made it nearly impossible for House Speaker John Boehner , a legislator at heart , to cut deals . Over the past few days , the same issue has emerged on the left . Freshman Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a liberal icon , has been rallying progressive Democrats against the "  cromnibus " spending bill because it includes what she calls a poison pill - repealing a key reform intended to protect consumers post-financial meltdown . Warren , like so many of her colleagues , knows no other way to do business on Capitol Hill . When the new Congress is sworn in next month , more than 40 senators will only have served since 2011 . That 's more than 40 percent of the most deliberative body in the world , with only four years ' experience deliberating - at most . "  Some of the members here have never known what it 's like to go through a normal legislative process , so they 've got a lot to learn , " explains Sen. John McCain . Another reason there is less horse-trading is that there are n't as many horses to trade . Earmarks on spending bills , otherwise known as pork barrel spending , was the most valuable currency on Capitol Hill . But bringing home the bacon became abused so often that pork became a dirty word and now earmarks are banned in a bipartisan way . That makes it hard for party leaders to force compromise by giving reluctant lawmakers some buy in . Those of us who demand and value transparency may have also contributed to the demise of compromise by going through legislation and uncovering what was slipped in to seal the deal . This is not a bad thing - but lawmakers ' fear about issues hidden inside a bill coming to light has had an undeniable effect on legislating . Talk to those who actually negotiated the "  Cromonibus " bill and they will say this is how a democratic legislature is supposed to work - giving and taking . Sources in both parties say Republicans were demanding six provisions to roll back Wall Street reforms , and Mikulski got them down to one - the so-called derivative swaps change . Warren is up in arms , but Mikulski , her fellow Democrat known as dean of the Senate women , considered it a victory . Mikulski can barely contain her frustration . "  For hours after hours after hours , and the last several days , I have heard what 's wrong with this bill , " said an animated Mikulksi on the Senate floor . "  Now we 've got to start talking about the good aspects of the bill , and why we did this bill in the first place , " she said . But for all the chaos surrounding the final hours of this 113th Congress , there are some senators walking the hallways who have hope that things will get better . "  We have lost some of our sharpness in legislating , " said Sen. Johnny Isakson . "  But I think that 's going to come back . "	The art of compromise is being lost on Capitol Hill The extreme wings of both parties are emboldened Many legislators are unfamiliar with traditional negotiations
Washington  CNN  -- Air Force Lt. Col. Ken Bourland hugged his wife , Peggy , goodbye and headed out for his two-day mission . The date was January 12 , and the destination was Haiti . Neither knew it would be the last time they 'd see one another . Upon his arrival in Port-au-Prince , Ken Bourland sent his wife an e-mail saying he had settled into his hotel room . Ten minutes later , Peggy Bourland and the couple 's three sons began watching television back in their suburban Fort Lauderdale , Florida , home . That 's when the news broke : Haiti had been struck by a major earthquake . She describes the panic that set in . "  I sent him another e-mail , you know , ` Please tell me you 're OK ' , " she recounted to CNN . "  And , at that point , I did n't get anything back . " The ensuing minutes and hours turned to days of waiting . "  It was painful not knowing , " she said . "  But not knowing , you still had hope . You still had hope that he could possibly be under there just surviving , just doing everything he could to survive . " Eventually , Peggy Bourland began to fear the worst . Lt. Col. Ken Bourland worked at the Caribbean desk at the U.S. Southern Command . His job involved helping the Haitian military with security issues concerning both countries , such as combating illicit drug trafficking , uncovering money laundering and distributing humanitarian aid . Bourland had been to Haiti previously , and this trip was to be a 48-hour mission escorting a new commander to meet his Haitian counterparts . His e-mail to his wife of five years was titled , "  Wow . Haiti . " "  He actually had seen what true poverty was . And it was a life-changing experience for him , " Peggy Bourland recalled . "  And he said that he wished that my son , Chance , and I could have been there to see it . I could tell from his e-mail he was moved , beyond words , at what he 'd seen , " she said . Army Lt. Col. Chris Thomas worked with Ken Bourland at Southern Command . The two traveled to Haiti together and were in their respective rooms at the Hotel Montana when it came crashing down . "  We arrived Tuesday morning , met with the ambassador at the embassy , and got briefings , " Thomas told CNN in an interview at Southern Command 's headquarters in Miami , Florida . "  Ken and myself then went back to the Hotel Montana , and that was the last time I saw him , " Thomas said . Thomas stayed on the hotel 's top story , in a fifth-floor corner room . Ken Bourland 's room was on the second floor . Thomas recalled the horrible events of that afternoon . "  I was standing in the middle of the room , and the building just erupted , " he said . "  The room just shook so violently , and the noise was deafening , " he said . "  I rushed to the door , and the door and the wall fell on top of me . As the building pancaked , I guess I rode it down . " Thomas suffered a broken arm , a separated shoulder and a torn ligament in his knee . But in the immediate aftermath of the quake , no word from Bourland . After two weeks , Peggy Bourland was emotionally exhausted from waiting and worrying . She took a military plane to Haiti to stand near where her husband was last seen alive . "  I just felt like , if that was going to be where he took his last breath , that I owed it to him and our kids to be there , to see it , to pray for him , " she said . Once she got back home , she continued to wait for word about her husband 's fate . Eventually , "  they called , " she said , tearfully recalling the moment when she got the definitive word that her husband had died in the earthquake-ravaged Hotel Montana . Immediately following the phone call , she worried , "  Oh my gosh , how am I gon na make it through this ? What am I gon na tell my boys ? You know , how am I going to explain this to them ? " Bourland served in Iraq in 2004 . His safe return there holds a certain irony for his wife . "  To make it home from a real war zone , and be taken like that . It 's just ... it 's hard , " she said . "  He was honest , confident , " she said of her late husband . ` He was very dedicated . " Peggy Bourland is unsure of "  where I go from here . It 's still just kind of , every day I get up , take a deep breath and ask , ` How are we gon na get through today ? What are we gon na do ' , " she wonders . "  Never , never ever would I be prepared for this . " "  It 's so vivid in my mind , him giving me a hug , kissing the boys , " Peggy Bourland said . "  I still see him walking out the door Sunday on his trip . And you know , ` Bye ! See you when I get back . Love you ! Love you , too ! ' " Asked about the necklace she wears , she said , "  This is Ken 's wedding band , one of the things they identified him with . I wear it around my neck , to keep him close to my heart , always . "	Air Force Lt. Col. Ken Bourland was among those killed in January 's Haiti earthquake . Bourland died inside the quake-ravaged Hotel Montana Bourland 's wife went to Haiti to stand near where her husband was last seen alive Peggy Bourland says she 's "  unsure " what the future holds
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Without issuing a recall of its iconic Prius hybrid vehicles , Toyota said Thursday a software glitch is to blame for braking problems in the 2010 model . "  We would want to be given a little time , " Hiro Yuki Yokoyama , Toyota 's managing officer , said when reporters asked whether a recall was in the works . The company changed its braking system software in January as part of what it called "  constant quality improvements , " but did not say what it would do about vehicles manufactured before then . Toyota officials described the problem as a "  disconnect " in the vehicle 's complex anti-lock brake system  ABS  that causes less than a one-second lag . With the delay , a vehicle going 60 mph will have traveled nearly another 90 feet before the brakes begin to take hold . Brakes in hybrids such as the Prius operate differently from brakes in most cars . In addition to standard brakes , which use friction from pads pressed against drums or rotors , the electric motors in hybrids help slow them . The process also generates electricity to recharge the batteries . The Japanese government has warned Toyota to take seriously mounting complaints with the Prius . Toyota Vice President Shinichi Sasaki met with Japan 's transport minister on Wednesday . iReport : How are Toyota 's problems affecting you ? In Japan , 14 complaints about brakes in the Prius have been lodged since July . Japan 's Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism has asked Toyota to investigate , according to the Japan Automobile Dealers Association . "  The complaints received via our dealers center around when drivers are on a bumpy road or frozen surface , " said Paul Nolasco , a Toyota Motor Corp. spokesman in Japan . "  The driver steps on the brake , and they do not get as full of a braking feel as expected . " Full coverage of Toyota recall In the United States , more than 100 complaints alleging poor brake performance have been lodged with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration against the 2010 Prius , a newly designed version of the car that was introduced last summer . "  NHTSA has received a number of complaints about a potential defect affecting the brake system in Toyota 's Prius hybrid and is conducting field work to examine the issue , " the agency said Wednesday . A search of NHTSA 's complaint database turned up many similar-sounding complaints in the United States . "  I have been driving my 2010 Prius for 6 months and have experienced the following nearly 10 times , " one owner wrote . "  When braking , if a pothole or bump in the road is hit , the car seemingly jerks forward/accelerates for a split second . " The Prius is Toyota 's third best-selling model in the United States , ranking behind the Camry mid-size sedan and the Corolla compact car . Toyota 's public image , and its sales , have been hit by recent recalls involving unintended acceleration . The automaker recalled 2.3 million vehicles on January 21 because of problems with sticking gas pedals and later halted the sale of the eight models involved in the recall . Toyota 's U.S. sales plunged 16 percent in January as a result , even as sales of other automakers rose . Toyota announced third-quarter results Thursday , posting a 10.2 percent rise in net revenue from the year before . The quarter ended December 31 , three weeks before Toyota stopped selling the recalled models . In a separate recall , about 4.2 million vehicles were called back in November for a problem in which the cars ' gas pedals could get stuck in some floor mats . The last-generation version of the Prius was included in that recall , which was expanded to include an additional 1.1 million cars last week . CNNMoney 's Peter Valdes-Dapena and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	NEW : Toyota will not issue recall on 2010 Prius models over braking issue Officials : Software glitch causes cars to move even if brakes are engaged Toyota is already under fire for issues surrounding sticking gas pedals in several vehicles
CNN  -- Wrigley has decided to stop production , sales and marketing of their new caffeinated gum , the Food and Drug Administration announced Wednesday . The company 's decision follows meetings with the FDA to discuss the government agency 's concerns about the effect the gum has on children and adolescents . Alert Energy Caffeine Gum was introduced earlier this month by Wrigley , a division of Mars Inc. . One piece contains 40 mg of caffeine , the same amount found in a half cup of coffee . The gum comes in two flavors : mint and fruit . When it 's chewed , the caffeine is released into your saliva . Some some gets swallowed as if you were drinking coffee or a soda ; some is absorbed directly into the bloodstream through the cheeks and under the tongue . "  The FDA applauds Wrigley 's decision and its recognition that we need to improve understanding and , as needed , strengthen the regulatory framework governing the appropriate levels and uses of caffeine in foods and beverages , " said Michael Taylor , deputy commissioner for foods and veterinary medicine . "  The company 's action demonstrates real leadership and commitment to the public health . We hope others in the food industry will exercise similar restraint . " Wrigley was only the latest company to introduce caffeinated chewing gum ; a number are already on the market . The company released a statement about their decision to stop production . "  When Wrigley launched Alert Energy Caffeine Gum , we took great strides to ensure that the product was formulated , distributed and marketed in a safe and responsible way to consumers 25 years old and over , " Wrigley President Casey Keller said . "  After discussions with the FDA , we have a greater appreciation for its concern about the proliferation of caffeine in the nation 's food supply . There is a need for changes in the regulatory framework to better guide the consumers and the industry about the appropriate level and use of caffeinated products . " In recent years , controversy has also swirled around energy drinks , which also contain caffeine . In November , the FDA began investigating 13 deaths preliminarily linked to the dietary supplement 5-Hour Energy . Monster Energy adds caffeine content to labels The deaths had been reported to the FDA as "  adverse events , " which does not mean that the product is responsible for or that it contributed to any health issue . The manufacturer , packer or distributor of a dietary supplement is required to notify the FDA of any adverse events linked to its product , according to agency spokeswoman Tamara Ward . That requirement does not apply to products sold as beverages or food . Taylor said the agency looks forward to working with industry leaders "  to address the issues posed by added caffeine in foods and beverages . "	Wrigley introduced Alert Energy Caffeine Gum earlier this month The FDA met with Wrigley to discuss concerns about the product 's caffeine content A number of caffeinated gums are still on the market
CNN  -- Convicted serial killer Anthony Sowell walked jurors through his life as he testified Monday in the sentencing phase of his case , apologizing to families of his victims but offering no explanation for his actions . "  I 'm sorry , I know it might not sound like much , but I truly am sorry from the bottom of my heart , " Sowell told the jury and victims ' relatives gathering in a Cuyahoga County , Ohio , courtroom . Jurors on July 22 convicted Sowell of 11 counts of aggravated murder and more than 70 other charges , including abusing corpses and kidnapping . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty . If jurors decide to recommend that Sowell die for his crimes , the judge can overrule that recommendation and impose a life sentence . But if jurors decide to spare Sowell 's life , the judge can not impose a death sentence , according to Cuyahoga County court administrator Gregory Popovich . As part of the sentencing phase , and in addition to testimony from prosecution and defense witnesses , Sowell was able to make a statement on his own behalf without being under oath or facing cross-examination from prosecutors , Visibly agitated and occasionally tearful during his remarks Monday , Sowell maintained a candid banter with members of his defense team as he recounted claims of childhood abuse -- both physical and sexual . Sowell said his childhood "  was like a war , " with his mother and grandmother constantly arguing , yelling and "  whopping " the children . He said the lack of nurturing in his home made him unable to stand physical contact or any signs of affection . Sowell said he sought an escape and joined the Marines . He said he married and the couple had a daughter , but that his wife "  was touchy-feely " and he never got used to the physical contact . Eventually their relationship dissolved and in 1985 , Sowell began a 15-year sentence for attempted rape . After his release from jail , Sowell said , his health began to fail . Sowell said in 2007 , he suffered a major heart attack and began hearing voices . He did not elaborate on the crimes for which he was convicted . "  I do n't know what happened , it 's not typical of me , " Sowell said . "  I ca n't explain it and I know it 's not a lot , but it 's all I can give . " Sowell 's convictions ended a saga that began in October 2009 with the discovery of the first two victims ' remains inside Sowell 's home . He eventually was accused of killing at least 11 women ranging in age from 25 to 52 .	An Ohio jury is hearing testimony before recommending a sentence for Anthony Sowell The convicted serial killer could face the death penalty or life in prison He was convicted last month on 11 counts of aggravated murder and more than 70 other charges "  I ca n't explain it and I know it 's not a lot , but it 's all I can give , " he tells the jury
CNN  -- A Florida judge set bail at $ 15,000 Wednesday for a man who wrote a controversial book considered a "  how-to " guide for pedophiles . Phillip Greaves , who was arrested in Colorado on Monday , said the book , "  The Pedophile 's Guide to Love and Pleasure : A Child-Lover 's Code of Conduct , " can be used as a guide to rehabilitating pedophiles . And , instead of teaching them how to avoid arrest , it teaches them to avoid illegal actions , he said . Greaves has been charged with the distribution of obscene material depicting minors engaged in harmful conduct , Florida authorities said . He made his first appearance in a Florida courtroom Wednesday afternoon . His court appearance came a day after he held court in front of reporters explaining the nature of his book . Asked if he is a pedophile , Greaves said , "  I only have sex with grown-ups . " He said he has no children and "  I do n't keep children around my house . " Polk County , Florida , Sheriff Grady Judd has said his detectives were able to establish jurisdiction in the case by conducting an undercover operation , buying the book through the mail . Greaves protested Tuesday saying he is the target of entrapment , but Judd disagreed . "  He wrote this book , he published this book , he put it on Amazon to sell , " Judd told reporters as Greaves was being booked into the Polk County Jail , "  and he freely responded to our desire to purchase it . " Greaves and his book gained national attention earlier this year after Amazon.com defended selling the book on its website despite angry comments and threats of boycotts from thousands of people . The book was removed from the website in early November . Officials said the book talks about safe sex and avoiding injury to children , grooming and preparing children for sex and teaching children how to lie to their parents . Judd said Greaves ' book outlines a "  code of ethics " that shows pedophiles how to look for the most vulnerable children . Greaves told reporters Tuesday he wrote the book to exorcise his own childhood . He said he was introduced to sex at the age of 7 by a 10-year-old friend and began having sex with other children . This continued , he said , until he was about 15 , when he stopped and did not have sex again for years . "  Once I got into adolescence , I suppose you could have identified me as an adolescent pedophile , " he said . But now , he said , he is an example of the fact that people can reform . "  I think all speech should be protected , " Greaves said . But "  I was not the one who solicited the material to be sent to Florida . I think Florida law is for Floridians and Colorado law is for Coloradoans . " He told reporters he will not be able to make bond : "  I 'm actually quite poor . " Judge John Kirkland said Wednesday in court that if Greaves does not post bail he must remain in Florida , can not have contact with anyone younger than 18 and can not have access to a computer . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said on CNN 's "  AC360 " Monday night that prosecutors may have a hard time convicting Greaves , and maintained his arrest was unconstitutional . "  I do n't think they can go forward because the book is clearly protected by the First Amendment , " Toobin said . "  This book , as awful as it is , it is only words . " Judd vehemently disagreed with Toobin 's assessment of the case and the two sparred on the program . "  This has nothing to do with free speech and everything to do with obscenity , " Judd said . "  We had a law in Florida that applied . We only needed jurisdiction . "	New : A judge says Phillip Greaves can not leave Florida This was Greaves first court appearance Greaves says he wrote the book to "  exorcise " his childhood A Florida sheriff says Greaves ' arrest was not entrapment
CNN  -- It 's a double threat . Hurricanes are barreling through the ocean on both sides of the continental United States . Hurricane Gonzalo on Friday slammed the British territory of Bermuda in the North Atlantic Ocean . Hurricane Ana is heading for the Hawaiian Islands and could cause trouble over the weekend . Hurricane warnings were posted on Bermuda as Gonzalo raged through the region . The powerful Category 3 storm battered the island with wind gusts that topped 115 miles per hour , according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami , as it moved in a northeasterly direction at 16 miles per hour . The eye of the storm was forecast to pass over Bermuda late Friday , the agency said . Gonzalo could cause widespread power outages , property damage , dangerous storm surge and major flooding . But the island is ready . "  Bermuda we are prepared , " said Premier Michael Dunkley . "  Well-rehearsed plans for most contingencies are enacted , and as we hope for the best , we are prepared for the worst . " Ahead of the storm , Bermuda closed schools , shut down bus and ferry service , and opened up shelters . Forecasters predicted Gonzalo will weaken to as it moves past Bermuda and pushes into the North Atlantic by Saturday . In 2003 , Hurricane Fabian caused more than $ 300 million in damages . It also knocked out power to most of the island . 2014 Atlantic Hurricane Season facts In the Pacific Ocean , Hawaiians are hunkering down , preparing for the approach of Hurricane Ana . The storm strengthened into a Category 1 storm Friday afternoon with maximum sustained winds of 75 miles per hour , according to the Central Pacific Hurricane Center in Honolulu . A tropical storm watch is posted in some areas , meaning sustained winds of 39 to 73 miles per hour are possible within 48 hours . The storm was about 230 miles south of Hilo late Friday afternoon , the agency posted on its website . Ana is expected to approach the Big Island by Saturday as a Category 1 hurricane , but it 's unlikely to make actual landfall , according to some forecasters . But Gov. Neil Abercrombie is n't taking any chances . Abercrombie declared a state of emergency earlier this week in advance of Ana 's arrival . The emergency proclamation "  allows us to respond quickly to any potential impacts , " he said . Ana could cause dangerous surf conditions , coastal flooding and mudslides as it moves through the region . Some areas could see up to the 8 inches of rain with as much as 12 inches in isolated areas . Hurricanes are a rare occurrence in Hawaii . Only three storms have made a direct landfall on the islands in the past 55 years , according to the Central Pacific Hurricane Center . But it 's already been an unusual year for Hawaiians , weatherwise . The island chain has already been hit by two damaging tropical storms so far this season . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this story	NEW : Hurricane Gonzalo slams Bermuda with powerful winds , heavy rain , and high surf NEW : National Hurricane Center says Gonzalo wind gusts top 115 mph NEW : Hurricane Ana in the Pacific strengthens into Category 1 storm
CNN  -- Band members who were with Florida A&M University drum major Robert Champion on the bus in a parking lot in Orlando , Florida , where he died last month tried frantically to get him help when they realized he was not breathing , a 911 tape released Thursday reveals . "  One of our drum majors is on the bus and not breathing , " a male caller tells a female dispatcher for the Orange County Fire Rescue . "  Is he breathing or is he not breathing ? " she asks . "  We do n't know if he 's breathing or not , but we need to get an ambulance ASAP . " "  I have help on the way already , " she says . She asks , "  Is he awake ? " "  He 's not even responding . He 's responding a little . He was n't responding . We thought he was breathing . He was making noises , but I do n't even know if he 's breathing now . " "  Is he awake ? " "  His eyes are open ; he 's not responding . " "  But is he breathing ? " "  I have no idea . I can not tell you . He just threw up . " "  He just threw up ? " "  Yes . " The dispatcher then asks whether Champion was shaking prior to stopping breathing . "  No , he was n't . He was n't shaking . I do n't even know how he was . He was just sitting there . We were just talking and the next thing you know , he was shaking and not doing anything . " Asked again whether Champion was shaking , the caller -- who says he has left the bus in order to hear the dispatcher -- tells her , "  No , no , he was n't shaking . He was n't moving . I do n't know what 's going on . " The dispatcher then calmly asks him to get back on the bus . "  I want you to see if he 's breathing , because that 's very important , " she says . After a silence , the voice of another man tells the dispatcher , "  Ma'am , we have a band member right here , " he says . "  He 's on the bus and he 's not breathing . " He says , "  I tried to give him CPR and he started to vomit . " "  OK , and you 're right by him now ? " she asks . "  He 's in my hands , ma'am . He 's cold . He 's in my hands . " Asked to lay Champion flat on his back on the floor of the bus , the man says , "  OK , I 'm going to try . He 's heavy . " "  I understand , " the dispatcher says . "  Just try to do your best , OK ? " "  All right . " After more silence , the conversation resumes . "  All right , cool . He 's flat . He 's flat on this back . " "  OK , then I want you to kneel next to him and I want you to look in his mouth for food or vomit . " "  Yes , there 's vomit . " "  There is vomit in his mouth ? " "  Yes . " "  OK , then I want you to turn his head to the side and I want you to clean out his mouth and his nose . " At that , six minutes after the call started , the connection is lost . The dispatcher calls back and gets a recording : "  Sorry , you 've reached me at a time of inconvenience . " Band director Julian E. White told CNN Atlanta affiliate WXIA that he was walking to dinner when he saw the police and paramedics show up pull into the parking lot . "  I followed them , and that 's when I saw that Robert was laying on the bus and , obviously , having medical difficulty , " he said . He said the drum major looked like he had passed out . "  At that point , my concern was getting the best medical attention that I could for Robert . " He accompanied Champion to Dr. P. Phillips Hospital , where he was pronounced dead . His death at age 26 occurred on November 19 after a football game that included a halftime performance by the Florida A&M Marching 100 band . Officials have said his death was related to hazing . The tape was made public Thursday as a school official confirmed that FAMU had dismissed four students . The dismissals were announced Tuesday in a letter from university President James Ammons to the board of trustees . Another 30 students were dismissed from the band , Ammons wrote . No reason was given . Florida Gov. Rick Scott called Thursday for a review of state universities ' hazing and harassment policies . "  Hazing should be strictly condemned on our college and university campuses and by any organization associated directly or indirectly with our institutions , " Scott said in a letter to the chancellor of the state university system . He asked Chancellor Frank Brogan to request that the state 's 11 university presidents to "  remind students , faculty and staff of these policies and procedures and how potentially detrimental hazing can be . " No cause of death has been released . Champion 's family has said it plans to sue the school "  to get answers . " Speakers at Champion 's funeral in Decatur , Georgia , described him Wednesday as a kind person and a leader dedicated to achieving his goals . "  Robert gave us his all every time that he took the field . ... Whenever Robert heard the sound of the drum , his knees raised , his toes pointed and he was on a mission to make the FAMU community proud , " said White , who began leading the 420-member FAMU band in 1998 . Ammons moved to fire White shortly after Champion 's death , citing "  alleged misconduct and/or incompetence involving confirmed reports and allegations of hazing with the Department of Music and the ` Marching 100 . ' " White , who has hired an attorney to fight for his job , said he has zero tolerance for hazing , which he described as a national problem . "  This is a problem that we are going to have to address as a nation if we are going to save the youth of America , " he said . Under Florida law , any death that occurs as the result of hazing is a third-degree felony . After the death , Ammons suspended all band performances and said he would convene a task force "  to determine if there are any unauthorized and questionable activities associated with the culture of the Marching 100 . "	NEW : Band director Julian E. White says he accompanied Champion to the hospital On 911 tape , a hectic and confused scene plays out as Champion lies unresponsive Authorities have not specified what caused the 26-year-old drum major 's death
CNN  -- More than just the quintessential Seattle shopping experience , Pike Place Market is a tourist attraction in its own right . This historic farmers market is the place to pick up all manner of fresh local produce , as well as handmade crafts , jewelry , antiques and paintings . Keep your camera handy to snap the colorful floral displays and the fishmongers tossing whole salmon to each other . Flying fish at Pike Place Market . If Pike Place whets your appetite for fresh produce , check out the Ballard Sunday Farmers Market  5330 Ballard Avenue , Sundays  for delicious farm-fresh goodies . Another great Sunday market is the weekly Fremont Flea Market  400 N 34th Street  , a cornucopia of used , vintage and antique goods . For the avid antiques hunter the underground Pioneer Square Antiques Mall  602 First Avenue  has more than 60 stalls . If you prefer big brand names you 'll want to head downtown , where you 'll find the likes of Banana Republic  500 Pike Street  and a colossal Nike Town  1500 6th Avenue  . Downtown is also home to Macy 's  1601 Third Avenue  , still known to locals as "  The Bon " from its former incarnation as Bon Marché . Macy 's can be good for a bargain , but the city 's best department store is the flagship Nordstrom  500 Pine Street  , famed for it exemplary customer service . For something more cutting edge , Capitol Hill and Belltown are full of funky boutiques and vintage clothing stores . Crossroads Trading Company  325 Broadway Avenue E and 4300 University Way  is a good option for second-hand threads , while sneaker freaks will find that Gems  615 Western Avenue  is a treasure trove of fancy footwear . Bibliophiles will love Seattle for its numerous independent books stores . Set aside a couple of hours to visit the Elliot Bay Book Company  101 South Main Street  , a vast space crammed full of new and used books . It boasts an excellent selection of titles about the region , a pleasant café and readings or signings almost every night . University Bookstore  4326 University Way  has a huge selection , while Fremont Place Books  621 N 35th Street  is a cozy little place with an interesting range of titles . If you 're planning an expedition into the beautiful wilderness around Seattle , you can get kitted out at the flagship REI  222 Yale Avenue N  . There 's everything you 'll need for hiking , biking , rock climbing and skiing , and you can even hire stuff , so you wo n't have to drag it all back home with you . Bamboozle your friends by getting them an eccentric souvenir from Archie McPhee  2428 NW Market Street  . Of course , eccentric is a relative term , but squirrel underpants  which , apparently , are also suitable for hamsters , frogs and gerbils  and inflatable fruitcakes should qualify as eccentric by most standards . If you plan to visit this bazaar of the bizarre you should note that Archie 's is set to move to the corner of North 45th Street and Stone Way North , in Wallingford , some time next year . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop | ... . Do you agree with our Seattle picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	You have to visit Pike Place Market , a fantastic , historic farmers market Downtown is the place for chain stores ; Capitol Hill is great for boutiques Seattle is full of independent bookshops -- Elliot Bay Bookstore is the best Archie McPhee is a bizarre store where you can buy some quirky souvenirs
CNN  -- Papa John 's Pizza fired a cashier at one of its New York restaurants and apologized to an Asian-American customer for a receipt that identified her as "  lady chinky eyes . " "  We were extremely concerned to learn of the receipt issued in New York , " the company said in a statement posted on its Facebook page Saturday . Minhee Cho , a communications manager at nonprofit investigative journalism group ProPublica , posted a photo of the receipt on her Twitter account Saturday morning and by the afternoon it was picked up by a local newspaper . Along with the receipt , Cho tweeted "  just FYI my name is n't ` lady chinky eyes . ' " The receipt had been viewed online almost 200,000 times by Sunday afternoon , according to the counter on the Twitpic page . Cho did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment , but her boss did . "  This blew up far beyond Minhee 's expectations , " ProPublica spokesman Mike Webb said in an e-mail . "  She has reporters coming to her apartment , and that 's annoying . So she wants it to blow over and she has nothing more to say . " Cho was a customer Friday night at the Papa John 's on Broadway in Manhattan 's Hamilton Heights neighborhood , according to the receipt . "  This act goes against our company values , and we 've confirmed with the franchisee that this matter was addressed immediately and that the employee is being terminated , " the pizza company said . "  We are truly sorry for this customer 's experience . "	Minhee Cho 's receipt goes viral online after she posts it on Twitter "  just FYI my name is n't ` lady chinky eyes , ' " Cho tweets "  This act goes against our company values , " Papa John 's says Cho wants the controversy "  to blow over , " her employer says
The Washington Redskins find themselves under  deserved  fire for their name , which many Native Americans and others find to be a racial slur . Previously the target of protests and opprobrium , the Redskins have now lost their federal trademark registration for the name , as it was deemed too disparaging to remain protected . There are two issue to consider here : one is technical and the other is one we should all find troubling . The first : This case was about a trademark , and the primary purpose of trademark law is to protect the public so that the public can accurately know the source or origin of goods and services . But headlines that say the Redskins lost their trademark are inaccurate . All they lost was their trademark registration , not the right to use the racist term to identify their team -- and that is a key point . In the United States , trademark rights flow from an organization using the trademark ; technically , you do n't need to register a trademark in order to have trademark rights .  In other countries , you need a registration  . With its common law rights intact , the team is free to continue to call itself the "  Redskins . " Moreover , it can still sue you for selling counterfeit Washington Redskins gear , and it can still block someone from starting a Washington Redskins dodgeball team . The Washington Redskins still have trademark rights , and strong rights at that . If the team owners still have rights in the trademark , why is losing the registration a big deal ? What does a registration give you ? It gives you a few statutory presumptions in the event that you go to court over enforcement of your trademark . It gives a presumption of ownership and validity . In simple terms , the cancellation only means that if there is a trademark infringement lawsuit , the Washington Redskins team is going to have to pay a bit more in attorneys ' fees to win its case . Opinion : Is end near for Redskins ? It 's about time But nobody can seriously argue that Dan Snyder 's football team is not the owner of the still-intact trademark rights , nor that the public associates his team with the racist name . The second issue : There is something even more offensive than the team 's name : The fact that this case happened at all . The decision , I believe , has First Amendment implications that we should n't ignore . I do not care whether you like or dislike the Washington Redskins ' name . I think it 's a pretty dumb thing to call a football team . If Native Americans believe that "  redskin " is offensive to them , then it is . Most people agree that it is about as offensive as using any other ethnic slur . I respect their position and their argument . Seattle Times gets rid of ` Redskins , ' joins rising tide against name Nevertheless , here are my criticisms of this decision : Section  2   a  of the Trademark Act bars the registration of any trademark that is "  immoral " "  scandalous " or "  disparaging . " In other words , a civil servant executing the registration is allowed to be the arbiter of morality . Do we really want that ? Trademarks propose a commercial transaction . When you see or hear a trademark , you immediately receive information in a short-hand way that communicates where the products come from , or what level of service you can expect . Trademarks are First Amendment protected expression . There should be no issue with limiting their use to mislead the public . After all , what point do they serve if they do not propose a truthful association with their owner ? And what rational governmental purpose does it serve to deny a benefit to a business because it might be deemed "  immoral " by someone ? And why are we even arguing the point ? The government should not be in the business of deciding what is moral , immoral , or offensive . This section of the trademark act is a leftover from Victorian times , and is used now primarily to promote social agendas with coercive censorship . To justify such censorship , the government must demonstrate that the harms it seeks to address are real and that its restriction will in fact alleviate them to a material degree . In addition , the courts have found , such a restriction "  may not be sustained if it provides only ineffective or remote support for the government 's purpose . " These mandates are "  critical , " for otherwise " -LSB- the government -RSB- could with ease restrict commercial speech in the service of other objectives that could not themselves justify a burden on commercial expression . " In this case , what is the governmental purpose in depriving the Redskins of their trademark registration ? Is it that the government is serving as a morality teacher ? Is it choosing a favored position , and then enforcing it by only giving government benefits to companies that agree with that orthodoxy ? Do you trust any government to tell you what your morality should be ? If so , do you trust this government to do that ? Remember , even if you 're one of the well-intentioned many who think that the name is disgusting , do you want to surrender your First Amendment rights to the next group who might find your morality to be outside the norm ? I do not . While I think that Dan Snyder should change the name of his football team , I think that the government should remain neutral in the matter .	Marc Randazza : Redskins lost trademark registration for name . News leaves 2 issue to consider But Redskins still have trademark rights , can sue infringers , keep using racist term to identify team Case raises First Amendment issues ; why is trademark office arbiter of morality ? he asks Randazza : Trademarks are protected expression . Coercive censorship at play here
CNN  -- An illegal immigrant who this week was awarded $ 200,000 in a lawsuit against a Tennessee sheriff 's office will ask a federal judge to grant her permission to remain in the United States legally , her attorney told CNN . A jury on Thursday awarded Juana Villegas the damages in a civil case against the joint government of Nashville and Davidson County in which she alleged that county sheriff 's deputies violated her rights when they shackled her while pregnant , while in labor and during her postpartum recovery . She had initially filed suit against federal officials , but the judge dismissed that part of the case Now , her attorney , Elliott Ozment , says that he will ask the judge who oversaw the case to grant his client a U-visa , a special status that can be conferred on victims of crimes who are in the country illegally . The U-visa would allow Villegas -- a Mexican national -- to live and work legally in the country for three years , and can be renewed for another three years , Ozment said . During that period , she can adjust her status and become a legal citizen . It 's a long shot , as a U-visa has been awarded by a federal judge only one time before . Usually , they are conferred by other immigration authorities . "  We think the level of misconduct has risen to such a high level that she deserves a U-visa for what she suffered , " Ozment said . "  She has been the victim of a terrible , terrible wrong . " Consideration of Villegas ' fate comes as the Department of Homeland Security announces its intention to individually review roughly 300,000 pending deportation cases in federal immigration courts . Lower-priority cases -- those not involving individuals considered violent or otherwise dangerous -- will be suspended . Villegas ' story begins on July 3 , 2008 , when she was nine months pregnant and driving home with her three children from a doctor 's appointment in metro Nashville . A police officer pulled her over and , according to Villegas ' complaint , decided to arrest her for driving without a license because the officer suspected she was in the country illegally . The decision to arrest her was influenced by a controversial agreement between the police department and the federal government that allowed local officers to help enforce immigration laws , known as section 287  g  of the Immigration and Nationality Act . She was transported to a detention center , where two days later , she went into labor . According to court documents , Villegas was taken to Nashville General Hospital where she was placed on a gurney with her hands and feet shackled . Once in her hospital room , two Davidson County sheriff 's deputies refused to leave the room while she changed into her hospital gown , and unplugged her phone so she could n't alert her husband about her labor , court documents say . Afterwards , one of the deputies shackled her left foot and right hand to the hospital bed , something that the medical staff called a "  barbaric " violation of medical standards , court records state . The shackles were finally removed before she delivered the baby . "  During the trial she testified about how she was afraid for the safety of her baby , " her attorney , Ozment said . "  She did n't know what to expect . She did n't know what was going to happen . " After she had delivered the baby , and against doctor 's orders , a third deputy shackled her to the bed again , according to the court documents . The sheriff 's department 's policies that led the deputies to shackle her throughout the ordeal were a violation of the U.S. and Tennessee constitutions , her lawyers argued . In April , U.S. District Judge William Haynes ruled in favor of Villegas , and after a three-day trial this week , the jury set the $ 200,000 award . Villegas ' lawyers had asked for $ 1.2 million . Villegas also sued the U.S. government , alleging that she was wrongly arrested under the program . That lawsuit was dismissed . Villegas had once been deported from San Diego and returned illegally into the United States , and had lived here for years , her lawyer said . At the time of her arrest , her eldest son was 14 , and he had been born in the United States .	Juana Villegas sued a sheriff 's office for violating her rights Deputies had her shackled before , during and after giving birth A jury this week awarded her $ 200,000 Now she wants a permission to live and work in United States
New York  CNN  -- The Egyptian cobra that turned media darling following its escape and subsequent capture at the Bronx Zoo is doing well and should return to display in a week or so , the zoo 's director said Friday . The 3-ounce , 20-inch reptile slithered out of her enclosure on Saturday and turned up Thursday after zoo officials scattered rodent-scented wood shavings in a bid to lure her out in hopes of a meal . Zoo officials still do n't know how the snake got out , director Jim Breheny said . "  Anyone who has ever dealt with snakes or kept snakes knows that they are notorious as escape artists , " he said . The disappearance of an animal whose venom can kill an elephant in three hours -- and a human in 15 minutes -- sparked more amusement than panic , drawing 200,000 followers to an anonymously authored Twitter feed that had the snake taking tours of the city and threatening to drop down the chimneys of unsuspecting city dwellers . All the attention has brought plenty of notice to the zoo , Breheny said , laughing . "  It certainly has put us out there , " he said . "  But we would have preferred to be out there for another reason . " Still , the zoo is going to make the most of it . Zoo workers will closely monitor the snake to make sure she 's suffered no ill effects from her escapade , then will put her back on display so people who have been so supportive since her disappearance have a chance to see her , Breheny said . Then they plan to have a naming contest with the New York Daily News .	Recaptured cobra appears to be doing well , Bronx Zoo director says She will be watched for a week then returned to display The zoo plans a naming contest for the snake
CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II has never lost her love of horses . Throughout her 62-year reign , the equestrian life has offered the Queen a sport , a passion and a means to temporarily escape her many royal duties . The Queen 's cousin , Margaret Rhodes , called it "  another world " in a 2013 BBC documentary . "  With horses ... it reduces you to just the person in relation to the animal , and you 're not a Queen , you 're just a human being , " she said . Now , the Queen has been honored with the inaugural lifetime achievement award from the world governing body of horse sport , the International Equestrian Federation  FEI  . In a meeting of monarchies , FEI leader Princess Haya of Jordan presented the Queen with the award at a ceremony in Buckingham Palace on Wednesday -- watched on by a former FEI president in the Duke of Edinburgh , Prince Phillip . "  She is a true horsewoman , " said Princess Haya . "  She still rides whenever state business allows , and her knowledge of breeding and bloodlines is incredible . "  The bond between the Queen and horses is truly extraordinary and I ca n't think of anyone more fitting to receive this very special award . " The Queen was only three years old when she had her first riding lesson at the palace in 1930 . For her fourth birthday , she received a Shetland pony named Peggy from her grandfather , King George V. Throughout the 1970s and 80s , she could be seen riding a mare named Burmese at the Trooping the Color ceremony to mark her official birthday . Burmese , a gift from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , attended the ceremony with the Queen for 18 years before the mare retired in 1986 . A statue of Burmese now stands in Regina , Canada . In equestrian circles , the Queen is best-known for her role as a leading British breeder of world-class racehorses . Earlier this year , top trainer Andrew Balding told CNN the Queen was "  probably the best-informed owner in the country " . In June last year , the Queen won the Cheltenham Gold Cup with Estimate , a four-year-old filly ridden by Ryan Moore and trained by Michael Stoute . In all , horses bred by the Queen have more than 1,600 victories to their name . Nor is she the only Royal to have tasted equestrian success . The Duke of Edinburgh dabbled in carriage driving and played polo -- as have Princes Charles , William and Harry -- alongside his 22 years as FEI president . And the Queen 's granddaughter , Zara Phillips , won a world title in eventing in 2006 , alongside an Olympic silver medal as part of the British eventing team at the London Olympics in 2012 . Phillips was emulating Princess Anne , her mother , who won European eventing gold in 1971 and competed at the Montreal 1976 Olympics . "  The Queen has an incredible in-depth knowledge of breeding , " said British Equestrian Federation chairman Keith Taylor , who attended Wednesday 's ceremony . "  It 's impossible to think of the Royal Family without thinking of horses . We are truly blessed to have a sovereign who values the horse and its many types so highly . "	Queen Elizabeth II is given an equestrian lifetime achievement award Queen and Prince Phillip received award in a ceremony at Buckingham Palace British monarch is one of Britain 's leading breeders winning more than 1,600 races
EW.com  -- Not one but two Gyllenhaals will tread the Broadway boards this season . Jake Gyllenhaal will make his Broadway debut in the U.S. premiere of Nick Payne 's Olivier-nominated play "  Constellations . " Payne also wrote "  If There Is I Have n't Found it Yet , " the play in which Gyllenhaal made his New York stage debut in 2012 at the Roundabout Theatre Company . Directed by Michael Longhurst , "  Constellations " tells the story of two strangers who continue to meet by chance under the parallel universe framework of string theory . Press notes describe the piece as "  an explosive new play about the boundless potential of a first encounter , free will , and friendship . " The Manhattan Theatre Club and Royal Court Theatre 's limited engagement will play Broadway 's Samuel J. Friedman Theatre beginning December 16 , 2014 . Opening night is scheduled for January 13 , 2015 . Additional creative team members and casting for the show â $ " namely the role of physicist Marianne â $ " will be announced soon . Gyllenhaal 's sister Maggie makes her Broadway debut this season opposite Cynthia Nixon and Ewan McGregor in Tom Stoppard 's "  The Real Thing , " due to begin in October . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The actor will appear in "  Constellations " He made his stage debut in 2012 His sister , Maggie , makes her Broadway debut this season
Editor 's note : Tomás R. Jiménez is an assistant professor of sociology at Stanford University and an Irvine Fellow at the New America Foundation . He is also author of the forthcoming book , "  Replenished Ethnicity : Mexican Americans , Immigration , and Identity "  University of California Press  . Tomás Jiménez says many Mexican-Americans are the children of U.S.-born parents . CNN  -- Just about any celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month  September 15 - October 15  will highlight the diversity among Hispanics . They come from different parts of the Spanish-speaking world , have settled in various areas of the United States , have distinctive customs and come in all shapes and colors . But an often overlooked difference among Hispanics relates to how many generations back they trace their roots in U.S. history . Hispanics are not just immigrants or the U.S.-born children of immigrants . They are also Americans with deep family histories in the United States . This is especially true of the Mexican-origin population , the largest Hispanic subgroup and one that has been continually replenished by immigrant newcomers for a century . Truly knowing what it means to be a person of Mexican origin requires understanding the experiences of the nearly 3 in 10  8.5 million  Mexican-Americans who were born in the United States to U.S.-born parents . These later-generation Mexican-Americans ' experience in the United States , though rooted in a distant past , is nonetheless deeply affected by current and uninterrupted immigration from their ancestral homeland . In some ways , Mexican-Americans have lived what amounts to a classic tale of assimilation . They speak English  and no Spanish in the majority of cases  , intermarry in large numbers , live in ethnically mixed neighborhoods , work in just about every imaginable profession , are honored on Memorial Day and Veterans Day , occupy important political positions and are highly patriotic . But ongoing Mexican immigration puts a twist on this classic assimilation tale , making "  Mexicanness " relevant to later-generation Mexican-Americans in both problematic and enjoyable ways . It can be tough being a member of an ethnic group that is so synonymous with immigration . Even if their immigrant ancestors came early in the 20th century , continuous immigration means that Mexican-Americans are never safe from erroneous assumptions that they are foreigners . Surnames that end in "  ski " or start with "  O ' " are woven into the fabric of American ethnic surnames . But "  García , " "  Fernandez " and "  Martínez " remain bright threads that , combined with dark skin color , can make Mexican-Americans and other Hispanics seem foreign in the eyes of others . Ask the later-generation descendants of earlier waves of Mexican immigrants , and they 'll tell you that "  Where are you from ... no , where are you really from ? " are questions that they have to field all too often . And even if it 's clear that they are Mexican-Americans , they still get quizzed about how well they speak Spanish . Assumptions about them being foreign turn from annoying to downright scary when law enforcement personnel suspect them of being illegal immigrants . But continuous immigration also makes being Mexican-American enjoyable in some ways . While there is no shortage of people who see the growing Mexican-origin population with alarm , there are also plenty of people who see the growth as an opportunity . Corporations , retailers , political parties and churches are all trying to grab a slice of the "  Hispanic market , " the overwhelming majority of which is Mexican . Retail marketing campaigns , sprinkles of the Spanish language in political speeches and Mexican-themed media are generally aimed at the immigrant audience . All of this attention adds cachet to Mexican ancestry that even later-generation individuals enjoy . We live in a time when America often celebrates its ethnic vibrancy . People who are cut off from an immigrant population of the same ethnic origin have a hard time finding ways to celebrate their roots in any significant way , and they often lament being ethnically bland . Mexican-Americans , in contrast , do n't have to worry about ethnic blandness because the opportunities to celebrate their heritage are all around . Ongoing Mexican immigration means constant access to the food , language , traditions , popular culture and customs that makes being Mexican-American enjoyable . As we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month and recognize all of the diversity among Hispanics , it begs the question : How do we know what it means to be Hispanic ? The answer can only be arrived at by appreciating the experiences of those Hispanics whose families have called the United States home for several generations and those who more recently have come to call this land their home . No matter how deep or shallow their roots extend into American history , what almost all Hispanics have in common is that immigration profoundly defines their experience . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tomás R. Jiménez .	Tomás Jiménez : Mexican-Americans often perceived only as immigrants He says nearly a third were born in the U.S. to parents also born in the U.S. He says assumptions about Mexican-Americans being foreign can be scary Jiménez : Mexican-Americans have a rich heritage to celebrate
MATURA , Trinidad  CNN  -- With its white sand and clear , blue water , Trinidad 's Matura Beach looks like a postcard . It 's a far cry from its recent past , when leatherback sea turtle carcasses littered the ground and kept tourists away . Suzan Lakhan Baptiste 's efforts have turned a beach from a leatherback turtle graveyard to a nesting colony . "  Twenty years ago , this was a graveyard , " Suzan Lakhan Baptiste said of the six-mile stretch of beach near her home . "  The stench was horrendous . You could smell it for miles , " she said . Saddened and frustrated , Baptiste launched a crusade to help end the slaughter of the gentle giants . Today , she and her group are succeeding : What was once a turtle graveyard is now a maternity ward -- one of the largest leatherback nesting colonies in the world . It has n't been an easy fight for Baptiste or the turtles . For 100 million years , the creatures have traveled the world 's oceans , outliving the dinosaurs . Over the last 30 years , they have become critically endangered worldwide because of fishing , pollution and hunting . For centuries , they 've been hunted throughout the Caribbean for their meat and fins , and also for their eggs , which some people prize as aphrodisiacs . "  Turtles are in serious trouble , " Baptiste said . Every year , female leatherbacks make their way onto the beach , laying their eggs deep in the sand . It is a long , complicated ritual during which the enormous , slow-moving animals are easy prey for poachers . "  Leatherbacks -LSB- are -RSB- very vulnerable , " Baptiste said . "  They can not pull their head and flippers back into the shell . They have no sense of defense to actually protect themselves . " By the 1980s , nearly one in three turtles that nested on Matura Beach were killed . When the government asked for volunteers to help protect the endangered creatures , Baptiste and several others answered the call . In 1990 , they started Nature Seekers , one of Trinidad 's first environmental groups . ` Crazy Turtle Woman ' For years , Baptiste and her group patrolled the beaches every night of turtle nesting season . She often walked alone until sunrise . Locals mocked her efforts , calling her the "  Turtle Police " or "  Crazy Turtle Woman , " yet her dedication to the unpaid work was fierce ; when it conflicted with her day job , she quit and found a new job . Leatherbacks were a vital source of income for some members of her village , and the poachers who prowled the beaches with machetes could be threatening . When Baptiste 's then-husband was injured during a patrol , she became more determined to stand her ground . "  I was very vigilant , " she said , adding that at times , she even got into physical fights . But Baptiste persisted , and a prestigious award from the United Nations Environment Program helped validate her efforts . She and her group also worked hard to convince the villagers that using the turtles for eco-tourism could create a more sustainable income . "  I wanted to show that a turtle is -LSB- worth -RSB- so much more to us alive than dead , " Baptiste said . Gradually , her message of conservation turned the tide of public opinion , and after nearly two decades under Baptiste 's leadership , Nature Seekers has largely won its battle . Today , the leatherbacks ' survival rate on Matura Beach is virtually 100 percent . "  Here , turtle slaughter is a thing of the past , " Baptiste proclaimed . Even "  Papa George , " a village elder who used to hunt leatherbacks with his father , can attest to the cultural shift . "  Suzan brought around the change , " he said . "  They do n't kill the turtles anymore ... because of the visitors . " Nearly 10,000 tourists a year , most of whom are Trinidadian , now visit Matura Beach , and many locals make a living by providing them with accommodations , food and souvenirs . Since the beach is a prohibited area during the nesting season , Nature Seekers ' members act as guides , explaining the turtles ' ancient rituals to visitors . In addition , Baptiste and her colleagues gather data on the enormous creatures , tagging and weighing as many leatherbacks as they can . Watch Baptiste and her group weigh a leatherback turtle at night " During peak season , they might see between 250 or 300 turtles a night . More than 5,000 leatherbacks nest in the area each year . The group 's work is often cited as one of the most successful eco-tourism efforts in the Caribbean . Still , turtle slaughter persists throughout the region , and Baptiste is working to help other groups learn from her success , most recently on the island of Dominica . She finds joy in sharing her hard-earned knowledge . "  The passion that I feel , it burns me up , " she said . "  I have seen the fruits of our labor , and it can happen in every community . " Watch how Baptiste helped end the slaughter of turtles in her community " Her efforts -- and those of many others around the region -- are making a difference . While leatherbacks are still critically endangered worldwide , the Caribbean population has begun to rebound . "  When I got started , a lot of people thought I was crazy , " Baptiste said , and she admits that she sometimes wondered if they were right . Reflecting on what she and her team have accomplished , she now believes it was worth it . "  I love being crazy , you know ? " she said , laughing . "  Crazy with a passion , crazy with a dream -- totally environmentally crazy . " Want to get involved ? Check out Nature Seekers and see how to help .	Suzan Lakhan Baptiste helped end leatherback turtle slaughter in her community Her nonprofit Nature Seekers promotes turtle conservation throughout the Caribbean The group 's efforts contribute to eco-tourism in the area Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- Florida Gov. Rick Scott on Sunday defended recent legislation that requires adults applying for welfare assistance to undergo drug screenings , saying the law provides "  personal accountability . " "  It 's not right for taxpayer money to be paying for somebody 's drug addiction , " Scott told CNN 's T.J. Holmes on Sunday . "  On top of that , this is going to increase personal responsibility , personal accountability . We should n't be subsidizing people 's addiction . " But the ACLU of Florida , which has already filed suit against Scott over a measure requiring government employees to undergo random drug testing , disagrees , and may sue over the welfare law as well . "  What  Scott  is doing is giving ugly legitimacy to an unfortunate stereotype that has been in this country for a couple of decades -- that all welfare recipients are a bunch of drug abusers , " said Howard Simon , executive director of the ACLU of Florida . Scott told CNN he wants to ensure that welfare funds go to their primary target -- to disadvantaged children -- and provide people with an incentive not to use drugs . He signed the measure on June 1 , calling it "  the right thing for taxpayers . " Under the law , which takes effect on July 1 , the Florida Department of Children and Family Services will be required to conduct the drug tests on adults applying to the federal Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program . The aid recipients would be responsible for the cost of the screening , which they would recoup in their assistance if they qualify . Those who fail the required drug testing may designate another individual to receive the benefits on behalf of their children , and do not receive a refund for the test . Shortly after the bill was signed , five Democrats from the state 's congressional delegation issued a joint statement attacking the legislation , one calling it "  downright unconstitutional . " "  Governor Scott 's new drug testing law is not only an affront to families in need and detrimental to our nation 's ongoing economic recovery , it is downright unconstitutional , " said Rep. Alcee Hastings . "  If Governor Scott wants to drug test recipients of TANF benefits , where does he draw the line ? Are families receiving Medicaid , state emergency relief , or educational grants and loans next ? " "  I work for the ACLU , and it 's our job to prevent trampling on the constitutional rights of people , " Simon said . The Constitution mandates that searches can not be conducted without probable cause , he said . Controversy over the measure was heightened by Scott 's past association with a company he co-founded that operates walk-in urgent care clinics in Florida and counts drug screening among the services it provides . In April , Scott , who had transferred his ownership interest in Solantic Corp. to a trust in his wife 's name , said the company would not contract for state business , according to local media reports . Asked about the company Sunday , Scott said he is in the process of selling his family 's interest in the company and "  it will be sold in a couple of weeks . " There is no conflict of interest , he said . On May 18 , the Florida Ethics Commission ruled that two conflict-of-interest complaints against Scott were legally insufficient to warrant investigation , and adopted an opinion that no "  prohibited conflict of interest " existed . On the measure requiring public employees to undergo drug testing , Simon noted that public employees -- workers in city , county , state and federal government -- are protected by the Constitution and should not undergo "  intrusive " drug testing without probable cause to believe a person is using drugs .	Gov. Rick Scott : "  We should n't be subsiding people 's addiction " The measure takes effect July 1 The ACLU of Florida says it may sue over the legislation
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Republican-controlled House of Representatives on Thursday passed the GOP leadership 's 2013 budget plan -- a measure that has no chance of passing the Democratic-controlled Senate but creates a clear contrast between the two parties on a number of critical tax and spending issues ahead of the general election . The resolution passed in a strongly polarized 228-191 vote . No Democrats backed the measure ; only 10 Republicans opposed it . House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan 's $ 3.53 trillion blueprint includes an overhaul of the nation 's tax code and major changes to popular entitlements such as Medicare -- expensive programs that in the past have been considered politically untouchable . Why the budget may never be balanced Republicans say the plan is necessary to slow the growth of exploding federal deficits and put the federal government on the road to fiscal stability . "  We have one of the most predictable economic crises in this country coming . It 's a debt-driven crisis . And so we have an obligation -- not just a legal obligation but a moral obligation -- to do something about it , " Ryan , a Wisconsin Republican , said Thursday morning . GOP leaders "  think the key components are to get spending under control , reform our entitlement programs " and help stimulate economic growth . Democrats , however , consider the plan a betrayal of last year 's bipartisan deficit reduction deal and a GOP giveaway to the wealthy at the expense of the middle class and vulnerable seniors . "  In our view , we certainly do n't want to return to some of the economic policies that got us into the mess to begin with . And we are concerned that the Republican budget does that , " said Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen , a member of the House Democratic leadership . "  It disrupts the fragile recovery and undercuts investments that are going to be important for the long-term economic strength of the United States of America . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney released a statement after the vote blasting House Republicans for banding "  together to shower millionaires and billionaires with a massive tax cut paid for by ending Medicare as we know it and making extremely deep cuts to critical programs needed to create jobs and strengthen the middle class . " Romney garners two endorsements Over the past two days , the sharply divided House has overwhelmingly rejected President Barack Obama 's budget proposal , a House Democratic plan , a more conservative Republican alternative , and a bipartisan blueprint containing controversial spending cuts and tax hikes opposed by majorities in both parties . The blueprint -- derived from proposals advanced by a special commission led by former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles and former Wyoming GOP Sen. Alan Simpson -- includes roughly $ 2 trillion in cuts and more than $ 1 trillion in new tax revenues over the next decade . The measure failed in a 382-38 vote . While a budget resolution is not binding , it is used to guide congressional appropriators responsible for allocating federal dollars . Both chambers of Congress have not agreed on such a measure since the spring of 2009 . Among other things , the Ryan plan calls for a reduction in individual tax rates and brackets . Instead of today 's six brackets , with rates from 10 % to 35 % , it calls for just two : 10 % and 25 % . The proposal would eliminate the alternative minimum tax while dropping the top corporate tax rate from 35 % to 25 % . GOP leaders would compensate for lost revenue by closing a series of tax loopholes and ending numerous deductions . They have declined to offer any details , however , on exactly which loopholes and deductions would be affected , instead insisting that the matter will be taken up at the congressional committee level in the future . Returning to one of the most controversial points from last year 's budget fight , the proposal includes dramatic changes to the Medicare program . It would offer future seniors a choice of staying in the traditional fee-for-service plan or opting instead for a Medicare-approved private plan , all of which would be available via a new Medicare exchange . No matter which plan they chose , including the traditional Medicare plan , seniors would receive a government subsidy to help pay for their choice . While Republicans insist the change is necessary to ensure the program 's long-term fiscal viability , Democrats accuse the GOP of trying to destroy a key legacy of President Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society . The Republicans "  want Medicare to wither on the vine , to die , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said this month . Medicaid , which provides health coverage for the poor , would be converted under the GOP plan into a series of block grants for states . Individual states would be empowered to tighten eligibility rules or revise enrollees ' cost-sharing obligations . The GOP proposal also protects defense spending by undoing a scheduled $ 55 billion cut in the Pentagon budget , replacing the reduction with cuts elsewhere . Ryan has previously called the scheduled Pentagon cuts -- part of the agreement reached in last summer 's Budget Control Act -- "  devastating to America 's defense capabilities . " On Thursday , Ryan said senior military officials defending lower Pentagon spending proposals have not been honest . "  We do n't think the generals are giving us their true advice , " he said , accusing them of following an administration line . "  I think there is a lot of budget smoke and mirrors in the  administration 's  Pentagon budget , which is not really a true , honest and accurate budget . When you confront military experts -- retired or active -- they concede these things to us . " Republicans would compensate for higher defense spending in part by requiring greater federal worker pension contributions and more means-testing of entitlement benefits . Overall , Ryan 's plan caps 2013 domestic discretionary spending -- programs other than entitlements such as Social Security and Medicare -- at $ 1.028 trillion . Democrats immediately cried foul when the new proposed cap was unveiled , noting that it 's nearly $ 20 billion below the total agreed to in last summer 's deficit reduction deal . House GOP leaders insist they can propose any amount under the $ 1.047 trillion level , because that figure simply represents the top limit for discretionary spending , not a level up to which Congress must spend . While the House Republicans ' proposed budget has no chance of becoming law , it could have a significant impact on this year 's presidential and congressional campaigns . Democrats believe the proposed Medicare changes in particular could damage GOP hopes in key swing states such as Florida , which has a large elderly population . Numerous Republicans , however , believe they 'll be rewarded for having the political courage to tackle politically sensitive issues . They also argue that it 's important to draw clear distinctions with Democrats before voters go to the polls in November . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	House of Representatives passes GOP Rep. Paul Ryan 's budget plan Ryan budget includes big changes in Medicare , tax code Democrats say the plan would hurt the elderly and middle class They argue that the plan is a betrayal of last year 's deficit reduction deal
CNN  -- A late goal from Pedro Rodriguez , with just five minutes remaining of extra time , gave Barcelona a 1-0 victory over Shakhtar Donetsk in the European Super Cup final in Monaco on Friday . Pedro Rodriguez celebrates scoring the only goal as Barcelona lifted the European Super Cup . The annual match between the winners of the Champions League and UEFA Cup , have rarely been classics and this was no exception on a poor quality pitch at the Stade Louis II stadium . Shakhtar did not create a single opening in normal time while Barca at least showed some intent in a match of few chances . Thierry Henry has a snapshot that flew just over the crossbar while a quick free-kick from Xavi saw Lionel Messi sting the fingers of Andriy Pyatov in the Shakhtar goal -- and the keeper recovered quickly to deny the lurking Henry . If the first half had been disappointing , there was little to lift spirits in the second . Messi hit a fierce left-foot effort that Pyatov could only parry , and when the ball drifted out to Henry by the left touchline he took deliberate aim to loop a shot into the far corner but the Shakhtar keeper climbed just high enough to turn it over . In the 98th minute , Victor Valdes made his first save , diving low to keep out Julius Aghahowa 's goal-bound shot . Bojan Krkic , on for Henry , could have wrapped it up with two chances before , having barely threatened , the Ukrainians were denied a blatant penalty when Ilsinho was felled . Shakhtar coach Mircea Luscescu stormed onto the pitch in fury but it was all in vain as Messi 's brilliant pass set up Rodriguez for the latest of winners .	A goal from Pedro Rodriguez gives Barcelona a 1-0 win over Shakhtar Donetsk Rodriquez was set up by Lionel Messi in extra time as Barca won Super Cup There were precious few chances in the match played on a poor Monaco pitch
CNN  -- It might be Brazil . Argentina , perhaps . Maybe Spain will reign again . But it is highly likely it wo n't be England who lift the World Cup in Rio this July , says their former boss Fabio Capello . The 67-year-old , who is now manager of Russia , thinks his former charges will run out of puff this summer . "  It 's really important which physical condition the teams arrive at the World Cup , " Capello told CNN 's World Sport . "  England are always tired because they play too many games . " It 's not the first time Capello has asserted his belief that England 's international prospects could benefit from a pause in the long Premier League campaign . "  It 's like when you 're driving a car : if you stop halfway to put fuel in then you 'll definitely get where you want to go , " the Italian said last year . Capello ' four-year England reign ended abruptly when he resigned in February 2012 . His tenure was marked by his poor grasp of English -- he famously said in 2011 that he only needed a 100-word vocabulary to talk to his players -- and overseeing a humiliating 4-1 defeat against Germany at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Capello raged theatrically at his players from the touchline that day , but now reflects more soberly . "  When you win everything is perfect . When you lose , everything is wrong . This is the history of football . But we did n't play really , really well . Also the big mistake from the referee , " he says , referring to Frank Lampard 's goal that never was as England tumbled out of the 2010 tournament . The English media never holds back in its forensic analysis of England managers and Capello also faced criticism for the stifling security of the team 's training camp at Royal Bafokeng Sports Complex . "  The camp was perfect , " said the Italian in an answer to a question as to whether the criticism surrounding "  Camp Capello " had been fair . However , Capello is confident he has made the right choice for Russia 's base in the town of Itu -- close to Sao Paulo -- for the forthcoming World Cup . "  I went to Brazil looking for a camp and we are lucky because we were the second on their list where we stay now , after Germany . "  If Germany had chosen this place ... but they changed because they built a new camp especially for Germany . "  We are really lucky because it 's one of the best camps in terms of location , distance from the airport , everything . We are really happy . " Now the veteran coach is relishing the task at hand this coming June and further ahead to 2018 when Russia will host the World Cup for the first time . "  We are back in the World Cup after 12 years , the experience is really important for the players , " he says . "  The expectation for the World Cup in 2018 is really big . We need to build 12 new stadiums , infrastructure , everything . That will be a really big job . " As it was with England , expectations in Russia are high for this year 's tournament , but who are the other teams Capello is backing to do well this summer ? "  Brazil is my favorite team because I saw the games they played in the Confederations Cup , " he says . "  They improved a lot game after game and they are really strong . The quality is not the top like normal Brazilian players , but they are compact and they are really physically strong . "  After Brazil I think in terms of quality comes Argentina . Lionel Messi always makes the difference , as we just saw in the game Barcelona v Real Madrid . " Capello also believes Jose Pekerman 's Colombia side or a Uruguay team spurred on by strikers Edison Cavani and Luis Suarez could pose a threat . "  After this in Europe it 's Spain , the World Cup champions . And Germany . Always ! I do n't know why but they always  finish  in the first four . " Read more : Capello : ` Sport is outside politics '	Former England boss says players are too tired to perform Capello says too many league matches blunt England 's cutting edge Italian , now in charge of Russia , backs Brazil and Argentina to shine at World Cup
CNN  -- This fall , for the first time in U.S. history , an openly atheist candidate is running for Congress . James Woods is fighting an uphill battle as a Democrat seeking to represent the very Republican 5th Congressional District in Arizona . There are now no openly atheist members of Congress , even though nearly 20 % of Americans report having no religious affiliation , according to the Pew Research Center , and between 5 % and 10 % of Americans do not believe in a supreme being . So far , only one sitting congressman , Pete Stark of California , has ever admitted to being an atheist while in office . First elected in 1972 , Stark came out of the atheist closet back in 2007 , but he lost his re-election bid in 2012 after serving in the U.S. House for 40 years . Photos : Famous atheists and their beliefs Apparently , it is easier to be a gay member of Congress than an atheist one , since Barney Frank announced he was gay in 1987 but did n't announce he was an atheist until after leaving office in 2013 . A handful of current members of Congress state that their religious affiliation is "  unspecified , " but none has stated publicly that he or she does n't believe in God . Their reticence is pure political pragmatism . The reluctance of Americans to vote for atheists is well documented . In fact , a hypothetical "  well-qualified " atheist presidential candidate polls at 54 % , lower than any other category -- below Muslims , gays/lesbians , Mormons , Jews , Hispanics , Catholics , women , or African-Americans . This fundamental distrust is puzzling . When people of faith question the morality of those without faith , how do they reconcile that with the countless crimes committed in the name of religion throughout history  e.g. . The Spanish Inquisition  and in modern times  e.g. ISIS  ? Not only are atheists unlikely to win elections , but they are actually banned from holding office under the constitutions of seven states  Arkansas , Maryland , Mississippi , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee and Texas  , according to the American Humanist Association , even though this clearly violates Article VI of the U.S. Constitution , which states that "  no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States . " When the views of anywhere from 5 % to 20 % of the American people are not part of the debate in our legislatures , the laws that are passed may not fully reflect the will of the people or , at a minimum , take into account the opinion of a sizable minority . African-Americans are about 13 % of the U.S. population and have a representation of about 10 % of the members of the U.S. House . Imagine how people would react today if there were no African-Americans in Congress . That admitted atheists are virtually unelectable is a mark of prejudice against them and it impacts the ways we formally educate the future leaders of this country . Consider the fact that Tennessee recently passed a law allowing teachers to tell their students that evolution and climate change are "  scientifically controversial , " and that Ohio is considering passing a law that would enable the teaching of intelligent design alongside evolution . Why is it that we require our candidates to profess a religious faith , but not that they demonstrate even minimal scientific literacy ? Our representatives in Congress make critical decisions on science policy and science funding , and yet are often hostile to the entire scientific enterprise . In 2012 , Rep. Paul Broun , R-Georgia , while serving on the House science committee , famously said that evolution and the Big Bang are "  lies from the pit of hell . " As one prejudice after another has fallen by the wayside and we have elected women , African-Americans , gays and lesbians , and Jewish people to represent us , we have seen that the world has not come to an end . Life continues , and our debate is enriched by the diversity of opinions . It is time to end the prejudice that keeps qualified people without faith from considering a run for public office and keeps atheist officials from being honest about their beliefs . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	A Democrat is running for Congress , openly saying he is an atheist Carlos Moreno : Atheists are significant fraction of Americans , why not elect them ? The prejudice facing atheists is greater than that faced by other groups , he says Moreno : Prejudice keeps atheists from running and discourages candor about beliefs
CNN  The Alabama Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered probate judges in the state to stop issuing licenses for same-sex marriages . In February , a federal court decision in Mobile County had cleared the path for same-sex marriages to begin in the state . The 134-page order Wednesday was supported by six justices . One dissented and another concurred to most of the opinion and in total to the result . Past and present clash over same-sex marriage in Deep South Marriage is between one man and one woman under Alabama law , the order states . "  Alabama probate judges have a ministerial duty not to issue any marriage license contrary to this law . Nothing in the United States Constitution alters or overrides this duty , " it says . Probate judges have five business days to respond to the order if they do n't think they are bound to uphold it . "  Same-sex couples in #Alabama should not lose hope because of out-of-step Supreme Court ruling ; #marriage fight is far from over . #ALMarriage , " tweeted Equality Alabama . The Liberty Counsel , which filed an emergency petition to the state 's Supreme Court said on its website that "  the ruling of the Alabama Supreme Court offers the most forceful and clearly articulated rebuttal to date of the imaginative arguments for same-sex "  marriage " employed by federal courts . " In his dissent , Justice Greg Shaw wrote that he did n't think the case was properly filed nor did the court have jurisdiction . He also said the public interest groups involved in the case can not sue in Alabama 's name . Shaw added that the federal courts should have stayed an order striking down Alabama 's marriage law until the U.S. Supreme Court rules on it this fall . Then there were 12 : Nebraska ordered to end same-sex marriage ban CNN 's Chandler Friedman and Matt Tettelbach contributed to this report .	A federal judge in Mobile had cleared way for same-sex marriages Alabama Supreme Court on Tuesday said state law can not be overridden by federal ruling Judges have five days to respond to order if they disagree
CNN  -- A commercial flight from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , to Minneapolis was aborted shortly after takeoff Sunday morning because of an indicator warning that one of the aircraft 's engines had been damaged , according to airline officials . Delta Air Lines Flight 1846 returned to the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport within minutes of its 7:45 a.m. takeoff without incident or injury to any of its 119 passengers or six crew members , according to an airline spokesman . All were rescheduled to take another flight to Minnesota later Sunday afternoon , said Delta spokesman Anthony Black . Black said Delta mechanics confirmed that parts of the twin-engine Boeing 737-800 had been damaged , though the spokesman did not know which ones . "  Incidents like this are extremely rare , but the crew knows the protocol and it 's clear the pilot took appropriate action , " Black said . Broward County Aviation Department spokesman Greg Meyer told CNN affiliate WPLG-TV that pieces of what appeared to be parts of the jet 's damaged engine were recovered near the airport . Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said an initial inspection of the aircraft revealed a "  contained failure . " "  Engine turbine blades exited the rear of the engine , they did not penetrate the engine cover , " wrote Bergen in an e-mail to CNN . Bergen said the FAA is continuing to investigate the incident . Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	Delta flight returns to Fort Lauderdale , Florida , after engine damage detected The flight was bound for Minneapolis
CNN  -- A 6-year-old central Florida boy drowned in a pool on a Carnival Cruise ship over the weekend after hasty efforts to resuscitate him failed , the cruise line said Monday . The boy , of Winter Garden just outside of Orlando , was spotted underwater in a mid-ship pool by passengers Sunday , according to a police report and one witness account . It occurred when the ship , the Carnival Victory , was returning from its last leg of a four-day Caribbean cruise . Passenger Deshaun Christian , 23 , who witnessed the rescue , told CNN iReport that the incident caught people , enjoying music and dancing , off-guard . Boy pulled from Disney resort pool dies Christian said a DJ discovered the boy struggling in the water and immediately stopped the music . A guest then jumped into the pool with his clothes on and pulled the boy out , followed by a crew member who unsuccessfully tried to revive the boy , Christian said . The boy was pronounced dead shortly after . "  It was a lot of chaos , people were going crazy , people were praying , they had their hands to the sky . It was a scary scene , seeing a little boy just lifeless , " Christian said . The Miami-Dade Police Department said it is still investigating the drowning , which appeared to be accidental . A police statement said the boy was in the pool with his 10-year-old brother when he was found submerged . Why drowning does n't look like it does on TV "  There were a lot of adults , but why was n't anyone watching the kids ? " asked Christian , who was traveling with his family . "  You 'd think Carnival would have lifeguards around the pool . " In an e-mail to CNN , Carnival Cruise spokeswoman Joyce Oliva said the company does not have lifeguards on duty at its pools , and parental supervision is required for children under 13 . The ship left the Port of Miami Thursday and returned on Monday . The latest incident may revive discussions about water safety for pre-teens and adolescents . See photo of the aftermath In March , a 13-year-old Missouri boy died two days after he was pulled from the bottom of a swimming pool at a Disney resort in Florida . No lifeguards were on duty at the time ; signs warning that swimmers swam at their own risk were posted . Ten people die every day from unintentional drowning in the United States , making it the fifth-leading cause of unintentional injury death , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . About 20 % are under the age of 14 . Nearly 80 % are male , the CDC says . Carnival Cruise Lines tackles its image	A Florida boy drowns in a cruise ship swimming pool , Carnival , police say A DJ noticed the boy struggling and stopped the music , a CNN iReporter says A guest pulled the boy from the pool , and a crew member tried to revive him , witness says Carnival Cruise pools do not have lifeguards , a company spokeswoman says
CNN  -- "  Fifty Shades of Grey 's " infamous "  Red Room " has arrived . The first trailer for the romance drama , which is adapted from E L James ' best-selling erotic novel , gives fans a racy hint of what 's to come . With a new version of Beyonce 's "  Crazy In Love " as its soundtrack , the 2Â 1/2 - minute clip closes out with a glimpse into the infamous scarlet boudoir of James ' imagination . Explaining ` Fifty Shades ' wild success Starring Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan , "  Fifty Shades " tells the story of naive , mousy Anastasia Steele  Johnson  , who falls for a handsome billionaire with "  singular tastes " named Christian Grey  Dornan  . With so many fans intimately familiar with James ' work , the movie has been under intense scrutiny during every step of production , from the choice of screenwriter and director to the leading cast . When Johnson was announced as the lead actress last year with "  Sons of Anarchy 's " Charlie Hunnam as Christian Grey , it caused an uproar among fans who were rooting for different actors to land the roles . Jamie Dornan : ` Fifty Shades ' new Christian Grey Hunnam soon dropped out because of scheduling conflicts , opening the door for Dornan to land the part . Written by Kelly Marcel and directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson , "  Fifty Shades of Grey " arrives in theaters February 13 .	"  Fifty Shades of Grey " released its trailer Thursday It gives a glimpse of the book 's infamous "  Red Room " The movie stars Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan It 's scheduled to arrive in theaters on February 13 , 2015
CNN  -- Looking for a vacation that will shock all five of your senses ? Anthony Bourdain can help . Season 4 of "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown " starts in the fall . In the meantime , here are seven ideas drawn from some of his best adventures . Brave a bullfight in Spain Bourdain paid a visit to La Marquesas Ranch , the private bullring of star matador David Fandila -- who is professionally known as El Fandi . El Fandi , one of the world 's top bullfighters , is as known for his courage as he is for his flashy antics in the ring . You probably wo n't get personal pointers from El Fandi , but just witnessing this spectacle can be breathtaking . Although many consider bullfighting an art , the sport is not without controversy . Many are morally opposed to what they consider taunting and brutally slaughtering an animal in a very public arena . The ethical debate is a hot-button issue frequently debated in Spanish Parliament "  To see Spain , to see it straight , to understand it at all , you should probably peek -- if only through spread fingers -- at that most Spanish of traditions , bull fighting , " said Bourdain . "  There is no denying the terrible beauty of a very complex tradition . The matadors were the original rock stars , the very ideal of masculinity , male beauty and grace . " You may never set foot in a bullring , but you can shout " Â ¡ OlÃ © ! " from the sidelines if you find yourself in Spain . The bullrings in Granada , Ronda and Madrid will get you started . Sing the blues in Mississippi Before he started traveling around the world , Anthony Bourdain admits that he never would have considered visiting Mississippi . But his dim view of the very Deep South soon widened into a love for a very special part of his own country . Especially what he considers the United States ' "  most powerful and persuasive export and gift to the world " : The blues . Mississippi 's poverty means regular renovations generally are n't a top priority . But the rustic atmosphere is part of the Delta 's charm . Many places where the blues are performed look exactly the same today as they did more than a half-century ago . "  The blues , rock 'n' roll , R&B , soul and funk , all came out of this place . One state . Mississippi , " said Bourdain . If you feel like venturing to the Delta this summer , check out Po ' Monkey 's and other spots along the Mississippi Blues Trail and stop at The Senator 's Place for soul food nibbles . Getting to know the Mississippi Delta Take a gamble in Sin City If you 're willing to peek behind the facade , you can experience Bourdain 's Las Vegas -- a Sin City remarkably void of Elvis impersonators , migraine-inducing bright lights and spinning reels of slot machine fruit . When Bourdain visited Las Vegas in Season 3 , he experienced a city that few people see . He saw the polar opposites of the spectrum : From the ultra-exclusive Villa at Caesars Palace and a nightclub whose patrons drop thousands of dollars on drinks in a single evening , to a local tavern and an eatery dripping with old Vegas charm far , far off the beaten path of the Strip . "  Sinatra and the mob are gone , but there remains , still , a certain sentimental attachment to the way things used to be . There were rules then . A way that things were done . And when they were n't done , there was always the desert and a hole in the ground , " Bourdain said . If you want to roll the dice on a different kind of experience , try local favorites like the Huntridge Tavern , the Bootlegger Bistro , Lotus of Siam and Raku . 10 things you did n't know about Las Vegas Go gun-slinging out West With a stunning landscape and big open sky , many people gravitate to the state some refer to as the Land of Enchantment . A large Native American population , a hippie influx that began in the 1970s and the largest Hispanic population per capita in the United States give New Mexico a unique American cultural blend . It was in New Mexico that Bourdain explored the Western cowboy mystique . With its relaxed gun laws , target shooting is an option for a fun outing with friends . Some children receive rite-of-passage rifles the same way other kids get baseball bats . "  We are a gun culture . The expression of American power and identity has always been the lone cowboy with a gun . That goes deep . This is the heart of the American dream . Love it or hate it , this is it , " Bourdain said . Get a taste of New Mexico 's culture -- with care . The Shooting Range Park is operated by the City of Albuquerque , providing "  an alternative to illegal firearm practice on our mesas , open spaces and vacant areas , " according to its website . 10 things to know before visiting New Mexico Sleigh ride in St. Petersburg Lovely weather for a sleigh ride may be a few months off , but it 's never too early to plan ahead . Bourdain traveled to Russia and filmed an episode with his longtime friend/drinking buddy Zamir Got ta . At one point , they toured the wintry terrain outside of St. Petersburg on a traditional troika , a sleigh pulled by a team of three horses . Bundled in blankets and sipping vodka from flasks , they rode through the countryside where the city 's wealthiest residents have their country homes , or dachas , and Emperor Paul built his 18th-century home . "  The rest of Russia is very , very different than Moscow , " Bourdain said . "  I mean  in Moscow  , you drive around , and it 's like Bentley , Ferrari , Maserati , you know . You go to buy a pair of shoes , you pick up a Bentley on the way out . " Near Saint Petersburg , you can experience a more traditional side of Russia with a troika ride -- flasks optional . Try rides in Pavlovsk Park or through the grounds of Catherine Palace . Ride a human-powered Ferris wheel in Southeast Asia In the very first episode of "  Parts Unknown , " Bourdain explored Myanmar . While the government has relaxed some of its hold of the Southeast Asian nation , it 's still controlled by a military regime . At one of the evening street fairs in Yangon , Bourdain happened upon a human-powered Ferris wheel . Powering the wheel requires its operators -- flip-flop-clad local teenage boys -- to move quickly through the structure , making it turn with the weight and momentum of their bodies An "  absolutely insanely dangerous , closely choreographed process , " Bourdain said . If , unlike Bourdain , you 'd like to give a human-powered Ferris wheel a whirl , the rides can be found at night markets and street fairs throughout Southeast Asia and southern India . Take a midnight train goin ' anywhere The night train to St. Petersburg is one of the most fun things to do in Russia , Bourdain said . Rolling through dark , snow-covered birch forests , he and Zamir enjoyed caviar , pickled herring , and of course , vodka . In stark contrast , he also took the night train to Myanmar 's ancient capital of Bagan . The 20-plus hour journey  it was supposed to take 10  intermittently picked up terrifying speeds on a train where derailments , known as "  rail-slips , " are quite common . "  Six hundred kilometers of what will turn out to be kidney-softening travel by rail ... So really the question on this end of the journey is : Come back on the train , or fly back in a coffin ? " he joked . For Bourdain , night trains leave a lasting impression .	Follow in the footsteps of Anthony Bourdain with these travel ideas Ride through the winter landscape in a troika outside of St. Petersburg Take a night train almost anywhere for interesting memories
CNN  -- There 's a photo of the Jackson family on the cover of the September 24 , 1971 , issue of Life magazine . In it , Joseph and Katherine Jackson stand at the foot of a set of stairs , their star children -- known as the Jackson 5 -- arrayed behind them . The Jackson brothers , here in the 1970s , were driven to be great by their father , Joseph . They appear to be the all-American clan , gold records arranged behind them , the boys loose and smiling , the parents more awkward and serious in their demeanor . Over the years , that façade crumbled . The brothers bickered ; some made accusations of abuse . But the group remained tight-knit through crises , including Thursday 's tragedy , when Michael Jackson collapsed at his house and later died at UCLA Medical Center . The journey began with music in Gary , Indiana . Joseph Jackson , the patriarch , played in a short-lived band called the Falcons  no relation to the Detroit-based group featuring Wilson Pickett  in the 1950s . His primary job , however , was as a crane operator at U.S. Steel . Katherine Jackson , the musical and devoutly religious woman who he married in 1949 , tended to the couple 's large family : Rebbie , Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , La Toya , Marlon , Michael and Randy , all born between 1950 and 1961 . Daughter Janet arrived in 1966 . By that time , the three oldest boys -- Jackie , Tito and Jermaine -- had started their own group , which Marlon and Michael eventually joined . Joseph Jackson saw a chance for his sons to have the musical career he 'd found elusive . Joseph Jackson admitted being a harsh taskmaster . He drove his sons hard , forcing them to rehearse with a James Brown-like intensity . He was n't above emphasizing his feelings to his seventh child , Michael . "  My father teased me and I just hated it and I cried every day , " Michael told Oprah Winfrey in 1993 . He said his father also beat him : "  He was very strict , very hard , very stern . ... There 's been times when he 'd come to see me , I 'd get sick , I 'd start to regurgitate . " He quickly said , imagining his father 's reaction , "  Please do n't be mad at me . " Joseph Jackson disputed the word "  beat , " but did n't question Michael 's account . "  I whipped him with a switch and a belt , " he told the BBC in 2003 . He added , "  I never beat him . You beat someone with a stick . " In a 2005 interview with CNN 's Larry King , Jermaine defended his father 's actions . "  We grew up like any other black family . You did something , you got your butt tore up , and it was n't tore up , it was just , you got a spanking , " he said . "  I will say this . He kept us off of the streets . He kept us away from drugs . He kept us away from gangs and ... we 've been able to project a talent out there and have the support of strong people to entertain the world . " By 1968 , when Michael turned 10 , the Jackson 5 was a professional musical machine . They 'd won an Apollo Theater talent night the previous year and were working the "  chitlin circuit " of black clubs when producer Bobby Taylor urged Motown to sign the group . Motown founder Berry Gordy was impressed and made them "  the last big stars to come off my assembly line , " according to a biography on the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Web site . The group shot out of the gate with four No. 1 hits and gained a huge fan base , along with an animated TV show . But success took its toll , particularly when it was n't so easy to come by . In the mid-1970s , the band -- minus Jermaine , who 'd married Gordy 's daughter Hazel -- moved to Epic Records , where they were produced by the Philadelphia soul-funk team of Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff . The two remember nothing but good times from the sessions , which produced two albums and the Top 10 hit "  Enjoy Yourself . " "  It was a collaboration , " Gamble said . "  They all participated in creating . Tito was a great guitarist -- they were all great musicians . " Huff said he visited the Jackson compound during a trip to California and remembered a warm family setting , complete with a "  fantastic meal " cooked by Katherine Jackson . "  I 've got nothing but respect for the father , " added Gamble . "  He 's a great man . He made something out of nothing . " Even during that era , however , Michael was standing out . Gamble and Huff recalled him taking a keen interest in recording technology and the way he sounded . Going solo with Quincy Jones producing , as he did in 1979 , was the right move , Gamble and Huff said . The family dynamics kept changing as the siblings grew older . After Michael 's "  Thriller " became the biggest album of all time , the brothers -- including Jermaine -- regrouped for a new album , "  Victory , " and accompanying tour . But Michael , now the undisputed draw , disagreed with some of the tour plans and ended up donating his earnings to charity . Michael 's brightened spotlight boosted the careers of his siblings ; even Rebbie had a hit . But it was Janet who broke out with the most success , including the No. 1 singles "  Miss You Much , " "  Black Cat " and "  Again " in the 1980s and '90s . With the increased interest in the Jacksons came tabloid scrutiny of the family 's every move . When La Toya appeared nude in Playboy magazine , the story made headlines . She later criticized Michael and was on the outs for several years . Jermaine put out a song called "  Word to the Badd , " an attack on Michael , in 1991 ; he later changed the lyrics . Janet 's relationships were probed in detail , as were the brothers ' marriages . And Michael , of course , was seen as increasingly eccentric , his personality overwhelming his music . But for all their own bickering , the family closed ranks when a member was attacked . In 1992 , Jermaine co-produced "  The Jacksons : An American Dream , " a TV miniseries based on Katherine Jackson 's memoir , which chronicled their rise to stardom . When Michael faced molestation allegations in the early '90s and was tried in 2005 , the family rallied around . "  The Jackson family was groomed to be a team , " said Linda Johnson Rice , president and CEO of Ebony and Jet magazines ' Johnson Publishing and a longtime family friend . "  As you can see through their performances , they were always there for each other . " In recent years , La Toya has appeared on the reality shows "  Armed and Famous " and the UK "  Celebrity Big Brother . " She originally had a scene in the forthcoming Sacha Baron Cohen movie , "  Bruno , " but CNN confirmed the scene has been cut , "  out of respect for Jackson 's family , " the studio told The  UK  Guardian . Jermaine , who converted to Islam and changed his name to Muhammad Abdul-Aziz , appeared on "  Celebrity Big Brother " in 2007 . Jackie runs a record label , Tito remains involved in the music business , and according to a 2008 article in the New York Post , Marlon and Randy have struggled financially . In the hospital emergency room Thursday , Randy and Jermaine were witnessed hugging and crying over their late brother . "  We 're a family , " Jermaine told Larry King in the 2005 interview . "  We 're no different than any other family who has feuds and problems . ... But at the same time , we 're united , and we have a united front that is very , very strong , and it 's supported by God . "  My mother and father did a great job in instilling the morals and principles in us from the very beginning . We feel that with that , that 's all you need to go through life . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this article .	Jackson family has been in spotlight along with Michael Father Joseph was a sometimes rough taskmaster Siblings have been in news for relationships , intrafamily bickering But group closes ranks when member is in trouble , as happened with Michael
When even al Qaeda publicly rejects you because you are too brutal , it 's likely a reasonable indicator that you are . A long simmering dispute between "  al Qaeda Central , " headed by Ayman al-Zawahiri , and the most brutal al Qaeda affiliate in Syria , generally known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , surfaced publicly on Monday . On jihadist websites , al Qaeda 's central leadership posted a notice saying ISIS "  is not a branch of the al Qaeda group . " It is the first time in its quarter century history that al Qaeda has officially rejected one of its affiliates . Why did this happen ? ISIS and another al Qaeda affiliate known as the Nusra Front have been fighting each other in Syria for several weeks now . This open warfare caps a dispute between ISIS and Nusra about who is boss in Syria that has been brewing since ISIS released a statement in April announcing its official merger with Nusra . A leader of Nusra rejected the merger , and in June , al-Zawahiri annulled the merger . ISIS , in turn , rejected al-Zawahiri 's annulment of the merger .  This is a fine example of what Freud usefully termed "  the narcissism of minor differences . " Al-Zawahiri is clearly fed up with ISIS 's open rejection of his overall leadership of the al Qaeda network . Moreover , he is likely quite concerned about how ISIS is alienating ordinary Syrians by a brutal campaign that has involved the public beheading of opponents and the imposition of Taliban-style rule on the population , including the banning of smoking , music and unveiled women in public . Al Qaeda 's leader has seen this movie before -- in western Iraq in 2006 , when al Qaeda in Iraq  the parent organization of ISIS  imposed a brutal Taliban-like rule on the population that caused the Sunni tribes in western Iraq to rebel against al Qaeda in an uprising known as "  the Sunni Awakening . " The Sunni Awakening , with a heavy assist from the U.S. military , led to al Qaeda losing control of much of western Iraq by 2008 . Nusra seems to have learned from the mistakes of al Qaeda in Iraq and is not imposing Taliban-style rule in the areas of Syria that it controls and is instead operating in a Hezbollah-like manner , providing social services . The group , for instance , provides bread and electricity in the eastern Syrian city of Ash Shaddadi , where it also controls the city 's wheat silos and oil wells . Nursa also is engaging in the kind of alliance-building that al Qaeda affiliates generally have not been able to pull off because they regard compromise as a deviation from their God-given beliefs . Nusra has , for instance , allied with more moderate elements of the Syrian opposition to fight against ISIS during the past several weeks . Nusra , in fact , represents what al Qaeda 's core leadership wants in one of its affiliates : A group that does n't tarnish the al Qaeda brand by using brutal tactics against fellow Muslims . This has been a core concern for al Qaeda for the past decade . Al-Zawahiri sent a letter to al Qaeda in Iraq in the summer of 2005 admonishing the group against its campaign of killing Shia civilians . Similarly , Osama bin Laden wrote a private letter to the al Qaeda-aligned Somali terrorist group , Al-Shabaab , in 2010 telling the organization to stop attacking in the central market of the Somali capital , Mogadishu , because such attacks were killing Muslim civilians . Also in 2010 , al Qaeda leaders wrote a private letter to the leader of the Pakistan Taliban telling him forcefully to suspend his group 's campaign of attacks against mosques and markets , which was killing hundreds of Pakistani civilians . The difference now is that al Qaeda has gone public with its displeasure with ISIS and is also officially cutting the group off . Despite the bitter differences between the two al Qaeda-aligned groups in Syria , senior U.S. counterterrorism officials tell me they are "  All Syria . All the time . " That is because al Qaeda affiliated groups in Syria and neighboring Iraq now control more territory in the Arab world than at any time in their history ; a swath of land that runs from northwestern Syria some 400 miles to the east into western Iraq . On Tuesday , CIA Director John Brennan testified before the House Intelligence Committee : "  There are camps inside of both Iraq and Syria that are used by al Qaeda to develop capabilities that are applicable , both in the theater , as well as beyond . " Brennan asserted that these camps represent a real threat to the United States . Adding to their concerns , U.S. counterterrorism officials tell me that more Americans have traveled to fight in Syria than was previously understood . They believe some 70 Americans have fought there over the past three years . Previous estimates suggested only a handful of Americans had done so . U.S. counterterrorism officials are rightly concerned that Americans who have fought in Syria will return to the States radicalized and perhaps even to plan to carry out terrorist attacks . That said , it is n't clear how many of the 70 Americans who are estimated to have fought in Syria have done so alongside the al Qaeda-aligned groups or with other more moderate rebel groups who are fighting the Bashar al-Assad regime with some degree of American support .	A Syrian rebel group has been disowned by al Qaeda Peter Bergen says al Qaeda 's central leadership seems put off by the group 's brutality The split could weaken al Qaeda 's grip in Syria , after it made advances there , he says Bergen : U.S. officials believe more Americans have gone to fight vs. the Syrian regime
SINGAPORE  CNN  -- Director of Arup , Peter Head is leading the company 's new department of Planning and Integrated Urbanism . ` Eco cities are about smart responsive simplicity , taking away the layers of complexity . ' Taking a primary role in the development of the eco cities being built in China , he told his fellow panelists and the audience at the second Principal Voices debate how he believed the design world was moving into a new paradigm . He said that more long-term strategic thinking was needed in urban development and believes that when creating new cities , cultural roots are as important as the technology and innovation behind them . Below are some of his key quotes from the debate . On moving into a new paradigm of design "  I 'm learning more and more everyday , because my team is learning more everyday , we 're interacting like we are today , so this is a really fast developing system of all components . Everywhere I go in the world , we 're having these same conversations , so I think this is a global movement that is racing ahead . " "  I think what we 're finding and what other people are finding really hard is connecting the products and the buildings and the individual components with the high level policy and strategy . I think that 's the area where we are in a bit of a leadership position . " "  I think there 's a tremendous confusion as to what the real objectives are ; and this is the great problem . Every place has its own objectives and we have the global objectives too , so design has to be really relevant to the history and culture and authenticity of the place while addressing global issues . " On China and developing countries "  Everything in China at the moment is happening four or five times quicker than most other countries , therefore the scale , speed of implementation and learning that goes on is quicker . Young people in China will learn in five years what their counterparts in Europe and the U.S. will learn in 25 years , so from all points of view China is really important . " "  In developing countries it 's absolutely critical that land use planning and sophisticated thinking is put into place and that takes account of low carbon and the ecological paradigm , so it 's locked into the framework of the planning . And that 's a really big challenge , but it has to happen quickly because otherwise we 're not going to solve the problem . We can not do it piece-meal at a lower level . " On design and nature "  Arup is using the biomimicry principals in a lot of our work , and all of our eco city design work is using biomimicry to look at what is essentially a transition from an industrial model to an ecological model of civilization . If we look at the 10 principals of bio mimicry , gathering and using energy efficiently etc , we -LSB- designers -RSB- currently do n't do any of them . " On eco cities "  When you 're designing a new place you have to reach deep into the cultural roots of the place . If you bring that through with the community you can maintain that attachment people feel to a city . " "  Communication systems and governance are really important ; the way eco cities are governed will be different , and I think it will be linked to responsive feedback loops , more like the Facebook type world that we 're moving into that governance will somehow embody these ideas . " "  I do n't want people to think these are expensive beasts ; they 're not . We 're talking about ` smart responsive simplicity ' , taking away the layers of complexity , not having many roads , more walking and cycling ; things that are not expensive build or maintain either . I 'm very optimistic about this . I think we 're talking about a paradigm which is really attractive for investors . "	Second Principal Voices debate took place in Singapore on July 9 Peter Head calls for better holistic thinking in design and planning Building new cities needs attention to cultural roots as well as eco-tech ideas
Washington  CNN  -- The chairmen of the House and Senate Veterans Affairs committees have reached a tentative agreement on a bill to reform the VA health system , aides to each of the men said Sunday , just days before Congress is scheduled to leave on its August recess . The deal , which still needs to be approved by both chambers , is expected to address both short - and long-term needs at the department , which was rocked by a waiting list scandal earlier this year . Sen. Bernie Sanders , I-Vermont , and Rep Jeff Miller , R-Florida , scheduled a Monday news conference to outline their agreement . A news release for that event said "  Miller and Sanders continued negotiations this weekend and made significant progress on legislation to make the VA more accountable and recruit more doctors , nurses and other health care professionals . " A separate House Veterans Committee source confirmed a deal â $ " but also declined to give the dollar amount . The Department of Veterans Affairs , a massive bureaucracy with more than 300,000 full-time employees , is under fire as it deals with allegations of alarming shortcomings at its medical facilities . The controversy , as CNN first reported , involves delayed care with potentially fatal consequences in possibly dozens of cases . Eric Shinseki stepped down as head of the department in May after Republicans , Democrats and veterans ' advocacy groups joined in calling for his resignation . Bob McDonald , a West Point graduate and former CEO of Procter & Gamble , was tapped to become the troubled department 's new head . At the Veterans Affairs medical center in Phoenix , for example , a preliminary report made public in May indicated at least 1,700 military veterans waiting to see a doctor were never scheduled for an appointment and were never placed on a wait list . CNN has reported that in Phoenix , the VA used fraudulent record-keeping -- including an alleged secret list -- that covered up excessive waiting periods for veterans , some of whom died in the process . But the problems go well beyond Phoenix . Dozens of others of VA centers , all around the country , also face a host of allegations like possible abuse of scheduling practices . "  It is clear that there are significant and chronic systemic failures that must be addressed by the leadership at VA , " said a report last month prepared by Rob Nabors , President Obama 's deputy chief of staff . Veterans waiting longer for cancer care CNN 's Ralph Ellis and John Crawley contributed to this report .	Senate and House committees have reached a tentative deal to reform the VA The troubled department was rocked by a waiting list scandal earlier this year Officials : Legislation would "  make the VA more accountable "
CNN  -- South Sudan is facing a "  huge humanitarian crisis " that requires support from the international community , the United Nations ' refugee chief said Sunday . Nearly 80,000 refugees have entered the nation from neighboring Sudan , where fighting has flared in the states of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile , U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said . And ethnic conflicts in South Sudan have displaced thousands , he said . "  My appeal is for the international community to stand by South Sudan and to support this country that became a sovereign state just six months ago to be able to cope with the challenges , " Guterres told CNN in an interview via Skype from South Sudan . Last weekend , some 6,000 armed men from the Lou Nuer tribe marched on an area of South Sudan 's Jonglei state , which is home to the rival Murle tribe , attacking the town of Pibor . Although the Lou Nuer fighters have left , following negotiations with U.N. peacekeepers and the South Sudan authorities , help is urgently needed for those who fled , the U.N. Mission in South Sudan said Friday . Beyond ethnic tensions , deficient health and education systems and a lack of infrastructure are significant obstacles for the nascent nation , he said . "  This is a baby that needs to be nurtured . And the international community , which made such good efforts in order to make sure the baby was born , now needs to go on with those efforts in order to make sure that the baby grows up and becomes an adult partner of the international community , " Guterres said . Decades of civil war between the north and south , costing as many as 2 million lives , ended with a U.S.-brokered peace treaty in 2005 . But before South Sudan gained independence in July , human rights monitors expressed concerns that long-standing grievances could lead to violence consuming the region again . The United Nations estimates that more than 1,100 people died and 63,000 were displaced last year by inter-communal violence in Jonglei , not taking into account the latest clashes . U.N. flights have delivered thousands of tents , kitchen sets , blankets , jerry cans , plastic sheets , sleeping mats , mosquito nets and other essential items to refugee camps in South Sudan in the past two and a half weeks . CNN 's Jonathan Mann contributed to this report .	U.N. refugee chief : Nearly 80,000 refugees have entered South Sudan Antonio Guterres says the nascent nation "  needs to be nurtured " Obstacles include a lack of infrastructure , deficient health , and education woes , he says
CNN  -- As Spain continues its drive to slash budgets and cut spending , one of the nation 's favorite pastimes -- the siesta -- is under threat as ministers look for ways to boost productivity . Three-hour lunches and catnaps , long the envy of Spain 's European neighbors , could soon be a thing of the past . Last month a parliamentary commission called for the government to turn back the country 's clocks by an hour and introduce regular working hours from 9am to 5pm . Read more : IMF 's Lagarde warns against ` complacent ' Europe With the economy contracting and unemployment among the highest in Europe , the proposal is the latest move by the embattled Mediterranean nation to spur growth and create jobs in the wake of a four-year long eurozone debt crisis . A spokesperson for the Spanish economy ministry said the government is looking at the proposal for a time zone change and "  more rational working hours " following the Commission 's study . The move would potentially see Spain revert to Greenwich Mean Time , after Spain 's long-time dictator Franco moved the country 's clocks on to Central European Time to align with Nazi Germany in the 1940s . Read more : A history of defaulting on debt Speaking with CNN , Ignacio Buqueras , president of the Association for the Rationalization of Spanish Working Hours , said : "  For 71 years we have been on the wrong clock . We need a clock that is more convenient . " He added : "  We are also recommending a more flexible work schedule so that the days do n't finish any later than 5pm and that at midday , lunch wo n't last any longer than roughly forty minutes . " One business that is trialling a new working day is Studio Banana , a Madrid-based design firm , where workers have found a novel way to incorporate breaks , siestas and lunch into a normal working day . Using an ` Ostrichpillow ' -- a full-head pillow that allows users to sleep anywhere -- employees at Studio Banana take short power naps and return to work fresh . Ali Ganjavian , co-creator of Ostrich Pillow , said : "  It came about because we were spending a lot of time working in the studios so we thought to ourselves ` why do n't we create a product that allows us to sleep anywhere . ' " Read more : Europe feeling the economic winds of change Spain 's unemployment crisis The Commission 's proposal to shift time zones is part of an effort to improve the country 's productivity and align Spain 's working hours with other European partners . But while the economic picture in Spain may look bleak , unemployment figures for the third-quarter improved slightly to 25.98 % compared with 26.26 % in the second three months of 2013 , according to the country 's National Institute of Statistics . Read more : Spanish exports are bright spark for economy However , youth unemployment , which remains over 50 % , still poses a major problem for Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy 's government as many young people flee abroad in search of work . Carlos Espinosa de los Monteros , the Spanish government 's high commissioner for Brand Spain , told CNN that it will take "  many years " for the jobless rate to drop to single digits . "  My estimate is something like five years before figures go below 10 % , " Monteros said , " -LSB- No one has a -RSB- magic solution . " Since the eurozone crisis began in 2009 , policymakers have called on troubled nations to reform labor markets and increase flexibility , making it easier for employers to hire and fire employees . Monteros believes Spain has to become a "  business friendly " country and argues that if the government wants the country to return to growth taxes must be reduced . "  The labor reform has been an asset , " he said , "  because most multinational companies that compare the situation in Europe are ranking Spain as the first one in terms of flexibility and cost of labor . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	TIme zone proposal is the latest move by Spain to improve productivity and align working hours with rest of Europe Spanish unemployment in the third-quarter improved slightly to 25.98 % compared with 26.26 % in Q2 of 2013 Youth unemployment , which remains over 50 % , poses a major problem for Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy 's government
CNN  -- A single hair that shows evidence of decomposition was similar to that of Casey Anthony 's 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , an FBI evidence analyst testified at the Orlando , Florida , woman 's trial Saturday . Investigators found the hair in the trunk of Casey Anthony 's car . Prosecutors are trying to link the hair to Caylee as evidence that her body was in the car . But defense attorney Jose Baez attacked FBI trace evidence examiner Karen Lowe 's findings as little more than unreliable opinion in a morning of fitful testimony that produced frequent objections and huddles among the attorneys out of earshot of the jury . A crime scene investigator , the operator of a towing company and members of Anthony 's family all have testified they smelled a bad odor coming from Anthony 's car after it was found abandoned in a parking lot on June 27 , 2008 , then towed four days later . Caylee was last reported seen by her family on June 16 , 2008 , but no one alerted police until July 15 , 2008 -- after the girl 's grandmother tracked Anthony down and demanded answers . Caylee 's skeletal remains were found in December 2008 . Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts in Caylee 's death , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading police . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . Prosecutors say she used chloroform on her daughter and then put duct tape on her nose and mouth to suffocate her . She has pleaded not guilty and has denied having anything to do with the girl 's disappearance or death . The Orlando woman 's attorneys argue Caylee drowned in the family pool on June 16 , 2008 . They say Anthony and her father panicked and covered up the death . George Anthony denied the claim during his testimony last week . Testimony about the hair marks a departure from the dramatic testimony and evidence of the last nine days , in which friends and acquaintances contradicted Anthony 's claims that she was frantically searching for her daughter during the month she was missing . Instead , according to evidence and testimony in the case , she was spending time with her boyfriend , shopping and going to nightclubs . In dry , scientific terms , FBI trace evidence analyst Karen Lowe testified Saturday how a 9-inch piece of hair sent to the FBI lab in Quantico , Virginia , appeared similar to a piece of hair recovered from a brush belonging to the girl . But she said hair analysis is not as precise as DNA analysis , so she could not say with absolute certainty that the hair belonged to the girl . The hair had a dark band that Lowe testified has only been seen in hairs remaining in the scalp of a decomposing body . A crime scene investigator , Gerardo Bloise , testified Friday that he recovered a human hair from the trunk of Anthony 's car , and also that the car smelled of decomposition . In cross-examination , Baez questioned the validity of Lowe 's testimony , first asking if there was any way to prove how the hair got into the trunk . "  I could n't say how the hair got there , " Lowe said . "  It 's consistent with transfer or contact of some sort , but I do n't know from whom . " She also testified under questioning from Baez that while the hair is clearly not Casey Anthony 's , it could belong to any other light-haired relative on her mother 's side of the family . The kind of DNA testing authorities were able to perform on the sample reveals DNA passed down only through maternal lines . Lowe also testified there are no standards for identifying the bands and that such decisions are based on her opinion and that of a fellow investigator . Baez also questioned Lowe 's experience , saying she had failed a 2000 proficiency test and that she has never before testified on hair banding . He also questioned the entire premise of hair analysis , citing a 2009 National Academies of Science report that broadly questioned the use of microscopic hair analysis and other forensic science results in criminal cases . Lowe said she agreed with the report 's findings -- that hair ca n't uniquely identify an individual and that it 's important to send samples for DNA analysis , which she said she did in the Anthony case . Lowe , who is not a DNA expert , has not testified about the findings of the those tests . The hair in question was recovered after Anthony 's car was picked up from her family 's home , after it had been abandoned in a parking lot , towed to an impound lot and then driven back to the family home two weeks later by Anthony 's father . According to testimony , Anthony asked her boyfriend to pick her up from the parking lot on June 27 , saying the car had run out of gas . She also told a friend that she believed an animal carcass was lodged in her car 's frame . The car was towed to an impound lot on June 30 , 2008 , where a manager said he also smelled the odor of decomposition . An analysis of the car after the Orange County Sheriff 's Office took possession of it did not show any such evidence , Bloise testified . Also on Saturday , Orange County crime scene investigator Mike Vincent told jurors about collecting air samples from inside Anthony 's car . A scientist later found evidence of chloroform and gases associated with decomposition in those samples . Baez questioned whether the air inside the trunk on August 29 , 2008 , when it was tested , was the same as that in the car when it was recovered in July . He also sought to raise a question whether a trash bag found in the car when it was recovered might have been the source of the smell . Vincent also sampled air from the inside of that bag . The contents of the bag were dry when Vincent tested the air inside , he testified . The trash might have smelled different when , and if , it was wet , Vincent said under questioning from Baez . Before prosecutors began presenting scientific evidence in the case on Friday , jurors watched recordings of jailhouse visits between Anthony and her parents . In one conversation played Friday , Anthony scoffed at a media report her mother brought up speculating that Caylee had drowned in the family swimming pool . "  Surprise , surprise , " Anthony said of the rumor , which is now the primary defense theory in her capital murder trial in Orlando . In recordings of visits played for the jury , Anthony frequently accused the media of failing to accurately report on the case . A videotaped exchange , during which Anthony became agitated with her parents as they pressed her for details of Caylee 's whereabouts , was one in a series shown to jurors the past two days . "  We need to have something to go on , " Cindy Anthony pleaded during the visit . "  Mom , I 'm sorry . I do n't have anything , " Casey Anthony angrily replied . "  I 've been here a month . Do you understand how I feel ? " Some legal experts say these taped conversations could hurt Anthony in the eyes of jurors . "  These tapes are so devastating to the defense , " defense attorney Richard Herman told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  Now at this point , there is no way Casey Anthony can take the stand in the case . They can not get an acquittal . " Prosecutors allege Anthony was not looking for her daughter during the month she was missing . Instead , she was staying with her boyfriend , spending time in Orlando with numerous friends , attending parties , going shopping and hitting nightclubs , including participating in a "  hot body " contest , according to evidence in the case . Her former boyfriend , friends and acquaintances have all testified that she did not mention her daughter being missing during that time and that they noticed nothing different about her demeanor . Anthony 's defense team explains her behavior in the weeks following Caylee 's death by saying she had been sexually abused by her father and had been taught to conceal her pain . George Anthony has denied abusing his daughter . The trial will resume Monday morning . Prosecutors expect their case will take two more weeks , after which Baez will begin to mount the defense case . Overall , the trial is likely to last another four to six weeks , based on initial projections . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : FBI analyst says hair from car is n't Casey Anthony 's but could be Caylee 's The hair sample showed signs of decomposition , the FBI tech testifies Anthony is accused of killing Caylee in 2008 ; her lawyers said she drowned Trial resumes Monday ; prosecutors have about two weeks of work ahead
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Several gunmen remain inside a besieged mall in Nairobi , Kenya , two senior officials said , as a deadly standoff between Kenyan forces and terrorists stretches into a fourth day . Kenya 's Interior Ministry tweeted late Monday that authorities were in control of the Westgate Shopping Mall -- the latest in a series of social media posts from officials reassuring a nervous public that there was little chance of escape for any surviving Al-Shabaab gunmen who had terrorized the mall , killing at least 62 people . "  Taken control of all the floors . We 're not here to feed the attackers with pastries but to finish and punish them , " Kenyan police Inspector General David Kimaiyo said on Twitter . But even as police stressed on Twitter that they were in charge of the situation , two senior Kenyan officials told CNN that gunmen -- including snipers -- were still inside the four-story mall . It was n't clear whether any hostages remained . The Kenya Red Cross said 65 people were missing after the attack . Gunfire echoed from the mall sporadically during the day , sending journalists and aid workers scrambling for cover . Thick heavy smoke -- from a fire set by terrorists , according to Kenyan authorities -- billowed into the air much of the afternoon . Kenya assault raises new fears about Somali recruitment Three terrorists have been confirmed killed since Saturday , the Interior Ministry said Monday . Eleven Kenyan soldiers have been wounded , according to the Kenya Defence Forces . More than 200 civilians have been rescued , the military said . Away from the mall , Kenyan authorities said they had arrested more than 10 people for questioning in connection with the attack , including at least four taken into custody at an airport . Authorities urged law enforcement officers to closely scrutinize travelers ' documents , and the country 's Immigration Department said in a tweet that it had increased security at entry and exit points . Surviving the Nairobi mall massacre : ` Just lucky ' Americans involved ? Kenyan Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed told "  PBS NewsHour " that some of the attackers had come from the United States . She said they were originally from Minnesota and Missouri , PBS reported Monday . "  As you know , both the victims and the perpetrators came from Kenya , the United Kingdom and the United States , " she said . "  From the information that we have , two or three Americans , and I think so far I 've heard of one Brit " as being among the attackers . "  The Americans , from the information we have , are young men , about between maybe 18 and 19 , of Somalia origin or Arab origin , " Mohamed told PBS . She offered no other specifics . Her comments seemed to expound on those of Gen. Julius Karangi , chief of Defense Forces . "  We have an idea who these people are and they are clearly a multinational collection from all over the world , " he told reporters in Nairobi . "  This is not clearly a local event . We are fighting global terrorism here . " Before its Twitter account was suspended , Al-Shabaab issued a list of the names of nine people it said were among the attackers . It said three were from the United States , two from Somalia and one each from Canada , Finland , Kenya and the United Kingdom . Sources within Al-Shabaab also told CNN that the nine names published on Twitter were among the alleged hostage-takers , but CNN has not been able to independently confirm that . U.S. officials do n't have any confirmation of Americans having been involved in the attack , according to Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes and another senior official . Intelligence analysts are poring over electronic intercepts in an effort to verify the terror group 's claims , two law enforcement sources told CNN . The FBI also was looking into the claims , law enforcement officials told CNN . "  At this point we have no definitive evidence of the nationalities or identities of the perpetrators , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Monday . In the past , federal officials and Somali-American leaders in Minneapolis have reported that Al-Shabaab has recruited young men there to go to Africa to fight . U.S. President Barack Obama expressed condolences over the attack after a meeting on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly Monday . He did n't specify whether Americans had been involved , but he pledged U.S. support and described the situation as a matter of global concern . "  This , I think , underscores the degree to which all of us as an international community have to stand against the kind of senseless violence that these kinds of groups represent , " Obama said . The siege The terrorist attack began at midday Saturday , Nairobi time , with an estimated 10 to 15 gunmen taking over the mall in what hospital volunteer Abiti Shah said witnesses told her was "  like a Hollywood action scene . " "  They just started firing in the air , " Shah said , retelling the witness accounts . A youth cooking competition was taking place at the mall at the time , and terrified shoppers fled for their lives as gunfire echoed through the building . Witnesses said the gunmen went from store to store , shooting people , and then took hostages . Survivor Bendita Malakia , a North Carolina woman who moved to Nairobi in July , told CNN affiliate WAVY that she took refuge behind the closed metal gates of a store with dozens of others . The Kenyan spirit can not be broken , says eyewitness resident "  While we were back there , you could hear them methodically going from store to store , talking to people and asking questions , " she said . "  They were shooting , screaming . Then it would stop for a while and they would go to another store . " Al-Shabaab has claimed that the attackers targeted non-Muslims and vowed they would not negotiate for the hostages ' lives . CNN security analyst Peter Bergen said the terrorists apparently took hostages only to prolong the siege and win more media attention . The dead Most of the dead were said to be Kenyans . Six British citizens , two French nationals , two Indians and two Canadians , including a diplomat , also died , their governments said . Those killed include : • Elif Yavuz , a senior vaccines researcher for the Clinton Health Access Initiative based in Tanzania . Yavuz , a Dutch national , was pregnant and expecting her first child in October , according to Julio Frenk , dean of faculty at the Harvard School of Public Health . "  Elif was brilliant , dedicated , and deeply admired by her colleagues , who will miss her terribly , " the Clinton family said in a statement . The Dutch Foreign Affairs Ministry confirmed a 33-year-old Dutch woman had been killed . • A major African poet , author and Ghanian statesman , Kofi Awoonor , Ghana 's president said . Awoonor received his Ph.D. from New York 's Stony Brook University and was a professor of literature there in the 1970s . • The nephew of Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta and the man 's fiancee . • A Peruvian doctor , Juan Jesus Ortiz , who had previously worked for the United Nations Fund for Children and lived in Kenya doing consulting work , the country 's Foreign Affairs Ministry said . • Sridhar Natarajan , 40 , an Indian national and employee of a local pharmaceutical firm , and 8-year-old Paramshu Jain , the son of a bank branch manager , CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported , citing government officials in New Delhi . The wounded Kenyatta said more than 175 people had been wounded . Five were Americans , the State Department said Sunday . Elaine Dang , 26 , a University of California , Berkeley , graduate from San Diego , underwent surgery to her chest , arms and legs . "  I 'm OK , I 'm very grateful to be alive , " she told CNN affiliate KFMB-TV She said two friends died in the attack . Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with complex Nairobi attack The terrorists The Somalia-based Al-Shabaab terror group had said on Twitter that it had sent the gunmen to the mall in retaliation for Kenya 's involvement in an African Union military effort against the group , which is al Qaeda 's proxy in Somalia . Last year , the Kenyan military was part of a peacekeeping force that defeated Al-Shabaab forces to liberate the key Somali port of Kismayo . Since Kenya launched attacks against Al-Shabaab in Somalia in 2011 , the group has hurled grenades at Kenyan churches , bus stops and other public places . The mall attack is the deadliest terror attack in Kenya since al Qaeda blew up the U.S. Embassy there in 1998 , killing 213 people . On Monday , Kenya 's foreign minister told CNN it 's clear that Al-Shabaab was not acting alone . "  This bares the hallmarks of al Qaeda . This is not just Al-Shabaab . In fact , the leaders are not Somali , as you may have heard . This was al Qaeda . It was a very well-coordinated effort , it was very well planned , " Mohamed said . But the attackers ' national origins are irrelevant , she said . "  It does n't matter where they come from . There are some Americans . There are some Brits . There are some others . It has nothing to do with the nationality of people , " Mohamed said . "  They are all evil and we must deal with them as such . " Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness The investigation Lenku said that Monday 's effort to roust the terrorists was a Kenyan operation , but government sources told CNN that Israeli special forces also were at the scene . Kenyatta , the Kenyan president , vowed Sunday to punish those responsible for the attacks . "  They shall not get away with their despicable , beastly acts . Like the cowardly perpetrators now cornered in the building , we will punish the masterminds swiftly and indeed very painfully , " he said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry promised an American investigation . Kenya bloodshed : World leaders react "  Obviously , it 's an enormous offense against everybody 's sense of right and wrong , " Kerry said . "  It represents the seriousness and the breadth of the challenge we face with ruthless and completely reckless terrorists , and we 're going to pursue them . " Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Zain Verjee and Nima Elbagir reported from Nairobi . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Becky Anderson , Lillian Lesposo , Holly Yan , Greg Botelho , Brian Walker , Jackie Castillo , David Simpson , Dominique Dodley and Kevin Conlon also contributed to this report .	NEW : Kenyan minister : "  From the information that we have , " 2-3 of the attackers are American Gunmen , including snipers , remain inside the mall , two senior officials say On Twitter , Kenyan officials say they 're in control of the situation Kenya Red Cross : 65 people are unaccounted for after the attack
George W. Bush might have developed a brotherly relationship with Bill Clinton -- but he 's still picking his actual brother , Jeb , over Clinton 's wife , Hillary , in a potential 2016 presidential match-up . The two former presidents have developed a close friendship , with Bush sometimes calling Clinton his "  brother from another mother . " In an interview , CNN 's Candy Crowley asked Bush what that makes Hillary Clinton . "  My sister-in-law , " he said . Hillary and Jeb : How the deciders decide But when asked whether his brother , former Florida Republican Gov. Jeb Bush , could run against his sister-in-law , the 43rd president said : "  Yeah , and I think he 'd beat her . " Bush said there 's no question Clinton is formidable , but his brother is , as well . The potential Clinton vs. Bush matchup would pit two of the most important American political dynasties of recent decades against each other for the second time . The public is the private Jeb Bush Bill Clinton ousted Bush 's father , former President George H.W. Bush , in the 1992 election . The younger Bush then defeated Clinton Vice President Al Gore to succeed Clinton in the 2000 election . Hillary Clinton ran for the job when Bush left office in 2008 , but lost to Barack Obama in the Democratic primary . Bush 43 on Jeb Bush 2016 run : ' A toss-up ... I 'm all in for him ' Both the former secretary of state and the Florida governor have maintained their families ' vast political and fundraising networks . Clinton would be the prohibitive favorite to win the Democratic nomination , while Bush would likely face a stiffer challenge from conservative critics during his primary thanks to some of his positions on education and immigration policy . Bush has urged Jeb to run for president , he 's said in several recent interviews . Jeb Bush , meanwhile , said this week that he plans to make a decision early next year . "  He 's seen what it 's like to be the son of a president . He 's seen what it 's like to be the brother of a president , " Bush said . "  And therefore he 's being very -- he is not rushing into running for the presidency . I have no clue where his head is now . " Jeb Bush ignores family history in Obama immigration hit	Former President George W. Bush says Hillary Clinton is his ` sister-in-law ' Bush said he thinks his brother , Jeb , would win a presidential contest against Clinton
Paris  CNN  -- France 's first lady is filing a defamation complaint against the authors of a biography published Thursday which claims she had an affair with a former French minister while seeing President Francois Hollande . Attorneys for Valérie Trierweiler , who is not married to Hollande , told CNN the complaint is likely to be filed Friday with the Paris tribunal . Read more : Can France handle truth on sex lives of rich and powerful ? In "  La Frondeuse , " or "  The Troublemaker , " authors Alix Bouilhaguet and Christophe Jakubyszyn allege that Trierweiler had a longstanding relationship with Patrick Devedjian , a former minister for economic recovery and close ally of former President Nicolas Sarkozy . This relationship allegedly started in 1998 and ended only in 2004 -- four years after her courtship with Hollande began . All of them had other partners at the time . Trierweiler 's relationship with Devedjian crumbled after he was unable to commit further to their relationship , the book says -- paving the way for Hollande to step in . Several books have been published about Hollande and his romantic partners since he was elected . Profile : Francois Hollande "  Trierweiler is an interesting subject matter because she has character , " Bouilhaguet told CNN . "  It 's complicated for a 47-year-old woman to find herself in the Elysée , which has demanding protocol for their first ladies . " Bouilhaguet admitted that she was "  surprised " by the defamation complaint , adding that the book is an "  open investigation with a true look " at Trierweiler 's personality . In another extract in the book , the authors write that Trierweiler claims Sarkozy made a pass at her at a July 14 celebration in the Elysée Palace , while holding his ex-wife Cecilia 's hand . "  You 're so beautiful , " he is said to have whispered in her ear . When she refused his advances , the book says , Sarkozy said to his friends : "  Who does she take herself for ? Am I not good enough for her ? " Trierweiler is characterized by this "  abrupt iciness , " the authors claim , and inside journalist circles at French newspaper Le Monde , she was labeled "  Cruella . " A friend of the couple goes even further and says in the book that Trierweiler is the "  Achilles heel " of Hollande , who can "  potentially create a lot of problems for him . " TIME : Meet France 's unmarried ` first lady ' The authors also called the French first lady a "  narcissistic woman , using at once her charms to get what she wants and in the following second , showing her fangs when something displeases her . " Hollande 's complex love life -- including alleged animosity between Trierweiler and Segolene Royal , with whom he has four children -- was the subject of two books published this summer . A poll in August suggested that it was at the root of his sliding popularity . Trierweiler was embroiled in controversy in June after she tweeted support for Royal 's opponent during the French parliamentary elections .	A new book says France 's first lady began seeing Hollande while dating another man Valérie Trierweiler is known for her strong character The book says Sarkozy also made a pass at Trierweiler , who is not married to Hollande
NEW YORK  CNN  -- So far it has been a very sunny summer for newbie pop singer Kristinia DeBarge . Kristinia DeBarge has broken through with the summer hit "  Goodbye . " She has a Top 20 hit with "  Goodbye , " a peppy pop number which borrows from Steam 's 1969 stadium anthem "  Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye . " The energetic video just earned DeBarge an MTV Video Music Award nomination in the best choreography category . And later this month the 19-year-old will demonstrate her dance skills as the opening act for Britney Spears ' global "  Circus " tour . The L.A.-based singer is well connected in the music business : she 's the daughter of James DeBarge , a member of the '80s R&B group DeBarge . Her debut album , "  Exposed , " dropped last week , and was produced by Kenneth "  Babyface " Edmonds . Watch DeBarge tell her subject "  Goodbye " " Kristinia DeBarge  pronounced Kristi-NEE-ya  dropped in to CNN to talk about why her dad initially wanted her to follow a different career path , her different personalities and lip synching . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Your dad must have a wealth of advice for you . Kristinia DeBarge : Yes he does . His advice is stay true to yourself . He 's also told me many times that I should have a lot of strength in this business , and that I 'm going to need my family around me . CNN : He did n't want you to go into music , did he ? DeBarge : No , because he knows how the music industry is . And some people can become a little jaded and tainted after . So he likes that I 'm innocent and wants to keep that innocence fresh . CNN : What did he want you to do ? DeBarge : Something like be a doctor or a veterinarian or a lawyer . I totally admire all those jobs . ... But it 's not my passion . My passion is singing , so if I was to do those things I would n't be happy because I 'd be like , what a waste of talent . I 'm a singer . CNN : You were on the "  American Idol " spin-off show "  American Juniors " in 2003 . What was that experience like ? DeBarge : I had a lot of fun . I met a lot of different people on the show who are pursuing not only music but acting and modeling and all that fun stuff . It was really cool to interact with the kids my age because we were all there inspiring each other . CNN : What do you like about working with Babyface ? DeBarge : I like that he 's so down to earth and he 's open-minded . He 's open-minded in the sense where he allows me to have a lot of input on my music . He allows me to write with him and then bring in other writers and other producers . ... He 's like another dad to me . He 's very protective and sweet . CNN : Whose idea was it to borrow from Steam ? DeBarge : The producers and the songwriters . ... And I was like gosh , what a great idea . Maybe I could take over the old version that 's playing at basketball games and the hockey games ! Even for people who do n't really like pop music ... they can listen to that song and sing along to it . CNN : Tell me a little bit about your album . DeBarge : I named it "  Exposed " because I feel that in introducing myself to the world you 're getting to know Kristinia from all angles . So you 're going to get to know all different characteristics and personalities that she has . CNN : Does she have many personalities ? DeBarge : Sometimes , but they 're good . They 're good personalities . She 's just like everyone else . And that 's also something that I want to make clear on the album -- that I 'm very normal and I experience all of the same things that 19-year-old girls go through . ... It 's my first album and I 'm hoping that everyone from little girls to older women will really be able to relate to it . CNN : Are you excited about being one of the opening acts for Britney Spears ? DeBarge : Yes , I 'm really excited about that . ... She 's a great performer and entertainer and I think that she has so many fans and so to gain her fans is going to be great for me . And I mean the fact that she even approved of it is great . CNN : What are your thoughts on lip-syncing ? DeBarge : I would say that I understand it , but if you 're a vocalist it 's good to sing . ... I love to perform . I also like to sing . -LSB- When I performed on -RSB- "  So You Think You Can Dance " I sang and I was dancing , so a lot of people were like "  Is she lip-syncing ? " But I was really just singing as well . It 's really hard to do . People think it 's a lot easier than it is .	Kristinia DeBarge has a hit with "  Goodbye , " borrowed from '69 Steam hit DeBarge is daughter of James DeBarge , of '80s R&B group DeBarge Singer will be opening for Britney Spears on "  Circus " tour
CNN  -- Nathan Cirillo was the strong , smiling type . The Canadian army reservist could look the part of intimidating soldier , the way that his abundant muscles filled out his uniform . But his Instagram and Facebook page and recollections shared online suggest Cirillo was a person at ease snuggling with a dog , enjoying music or joking with friends . "  His smile will live in our hearts forever , " wrote one woman who 'd go over to Cirillo 's house growing up . "  I am proud to say I knew someone who put his life on the line for this country . " His life ended late Wednesday morning in downtown Ottawa , as he stood guard at the National War Memorial in ceremonial uniform with white gloves alongside another soldier at the National War Memorial . It 's the kind of role that 's supposed to be an honor , not a risk . Yet , then and there , someone approached Cpl. Cirillo and fired . Peter Henderson heard four shots , then saw Cirillo 's body laying on the ground by the memorial 's soaring granite arch . He appeared to have been shot in the back with "  catastrophic " wounds , Henderson said . Hours later , authorities announced Cirillo had died as a result . Prime Minister : ` Terrorist ' killed soldier ` in cold blood ' Mayor : ` Combat soldier  killed  in cowardly ambush ' Cirillo "  was a very proud member of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders , " Col. Lawrence Hatfield from that regiment told reporters Wednesday night . That group is a reserve unit consisting of the Canadian "  Army 's primary war-fighters ... responsible for closing with and destroying the enemy , " according to its website . "  They 've had an immense fighting history , " Bob Bratina , the mayor of Cirillo 's hometown of Hamilton , Ontario , told CNN partner CTV . "  It 's said  the unit 's  history is written in blood in so many different places . " Ottawa 's National War Memorial , though , was n't supposed to be one of them . As Bratina pointed out , "  the posting of the ceremonial guard is an honor who goes to special privileged soldiers who have the credentials and the qualifications and the approval of their commanding officers . "  This individual would have been a trained combat soldier sadly taken in this cowardly ambush , which makes the tragedy even greater , " the mayor said , before Cirillo had been identified publicly . In his brief statement , Hatfield expressed his regiment 's "  sincere condolences " over Cirillo 's tragic , violent death . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with his family , " the colonel said , "  and we hope that Canadians share that with us and as well for the ongoing safety of our soldiers . " Images show him as buff , dog lover Cirillo leaves behind a son , who started kindergarten earlier this fall , according to his Instagram page . After his death became public , pictures began appearing online showing Cirillo recently at the memorial in his full ceremonial garb , kilt included . Other people went much further back , like a men he 'd befriended in the military and a high school classmate who recalled Cirillo as someone who was "  always so funny and always had a smile for people as he would walk down the hallways . " One woman remembered Cirillo waiting her for over an hour one freezing night in Hamilton , coffee in hand . Another reflected on his finding an abandoned puppy and then taking it home , describing him as "  a great guy with an even bigger heart . " Cirillo 's Facebook and Instagram pages include impressive pictures of him working out as well as his sculpted physique . They also show a man who 'd strum a guitar , snuggle with dogs and post a picture of a cute , furry kitten in his backpack . This soldier , after all , also "  liked " the nonprofit Dog Lovers International . His Instagram page is full of canines , including some that were his own and at least one he helped rescue and placed in a home . It 's that big heart , for humans and animals alike , that his friends will miss most . "  Not only did you protect our country , but you were such a loving , caring , and funny person to everyone around you , " one of them wrote . "  You were always in such a good mood and trying to make people laugh all the time . "	NEW : Colonel : Cirillo "  a very proud member of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders " Cpl. Nathan Cirillo is shot dead at Ottawa 's National War Memorial His social media pages show him working out , snuggling with animals , smiling A woman writes : "  You were such a loving , caring , and funny person to everyone "
In November of last year , 19-year-old Aqsa Mahmood gave her father , Muzaffar , a long hug goodbye . He remembers , he says , because she looked especially beautiful . He remarked upon it to his wife , saying there was something different about his daughter . The night before , she had asked her sisters to sleep together in one big bed . Aqsa gave a lingering farewell to her bedridden grandmother , and that 's when Khalida , her mother , knew something was wrong . Standing in her daughter 's empty bedroom , Khalida told CNN , "  There was something about the way she said ` Khuda Hafiz '  God 's Blessings  while taking leave that day , which made us all wonder . My husband even asked if everything was OK , and I said she is fine . " Four days later , Aqsa called her parents back in Scotland , just as she was crossing into Syria from its border with Turkey . Her parents were left heartbroken and confused . Her father says when he spoke to her about coming home , she said that she would see her family on Judgment Day and would like to be a martyr . She has been prolific on social media , advocating ISIS and Islamic caliphate beliefs , and calling for attacks to be carried out in Western countries . She posts photos of AK-47s and exults in ISIS executions . Her recent posting online has called to follow the example set by "  brothers from Woolwich , Texas , and Boston . " Family lawyer Aamer Anwar talked about the family 's heartbreak . "  There was nothing they  Aqsa 's parents  could have done different . She was a bedroom radical . And if this could happen to Aqsa , who had all the life chances , the best education that money can buy , a family that was moderate , liberal ... if it could happen to her , somebody who was so intelligent , then it could happen to any family , " Anwar said . Aqsa is said to be influenced by watching sermons online and coming in contact with people through social media that helped her make the trek from Glasgow to Syria . Living the dream in Scotland The Mahmood family was , in many ways , living the dream of many immigrants . Muzaffar moved to Glasgow from Pakistan in the 1970s . He was the first Pakistani cricket player for Scotland . He and Khalida bought a home in an affluent neighborhood and had four children . They went to the prestigious private school Craigholme down the road . "  She was the best daughter you could have . We just do n't know what happened to her . She loved school . She was very friendly . I have never shouted at her all my life , all my life , " Muzaffar laments . Her parents insist there were no signs that the Glasgow teenager harbored any extremist beliefs . She listened to Coldplay and read "  Harry Potter " books . On her desk , colorful loom bands and bracelets hung from a goosenecked lamp , a dog-eared copy of "  The Hunger Games " nearby . But when the civil war in Syria flared , Aqsa grew increasingly concerned about the violence . She grew more religious , praying and reading the Quran . And when she went to her university , she gave up her music and childhood fiction . But her parents did not suspect anything extreme . "  She did n't go out much . Just with her sisters , she would go out to watch movies and go out eating . We all went together , " Muzaffar says . Her family was stunned when they learned she was headed for the rebel-held territory of Aleppo in northern Syria . Khalida says her daughter was afraid of the dark and did n't even know what bus to take downtown , much less how to cross the border into Syria . ' I do n't know when she became this brave ' "  She did n't like shouting . I do n't know when she became this brave . She was scared to talk , scared to fly , and this is a very big step -- her flying to Syria . I ca n't believe this , " Khalida tearfully says , explaining the shock the family feels about her daughter 's decision . "  I know she is my daughter , but I feel that she is my friend . But she made one mistake , but otherwise , she is really a very good girl . Sometimes I am angry . " Her family describes her as a loving daughter who brought her mother tea in bed , helped massage her mum 's tired feet and often assisted her handicapped grandmother . Her mother says Aqsa never complained despite being asked to help with housework . Soon after her arrival in Syria , Aqsa told her family that she would marry . Her father said she sent a message saying : "  That 's the process here . They do n't let a girl stay alone . Now we have to find a mahram  male guardian  . We have to get married here . Do n't worry . I 'll be OK . My heart is good . " But her parents , still worried , attempted to dissuade her . "  We used to tell her ... this is not Islam , some of these groups are not Islam . They are doing wrong things which we do n't approve of . Obviously , no Muslim approves this . " ISIS vs. mainstream Muslims : The media battle Despite Aqsa 's active role on social media , her father says he reads little of what she writes online because it hurts him . "  We do n't know what happened and how she changed so quickly . God knows why she is doing this . " In one of the exchanges Muzaffar had with his daughter , she told him that she is praying every day to become "  shahid , " or a martyr . Praying for the return of their daughter The family hopes and prays that Aqsa will come home . One of her sisters has been suffering from depression since Aqsa left . Her mother says that Aqsa is leading a very hard life , often sleeps on the floor in the cold and has suffered from pneumonia . Her mother says that in her random chats online , she asks Aqsa to be safe and often reminds her to eat . "  As a mother , I want my daughter safe . " In a special message to Aqsa through CNN , her parents made a personal appeal to their daughter . "  We just want her back . We miss her too much . We love her . We just want to see her back and want to hug her . She was such a good daughter , " her father said . Looking directly into the camera , Khalida said , "  Aqsa , my dear daughter , please come back . At this moment , I am missing you a lot . Your sisters and brother miss you a lot . My dear daughter , in the name of Allah , please come back . I miss you a lot . I love you . I love you , my dear daughter . Please come back . " Both parents are quick to denounce ISIS , which also calls itself the "  Islamic State , " and the atrocities that are being carried out in the name of religion . " We are against all this ISIS carrying on . This is no Islam . Islam is peace . Any killing we are against , whoever it is . That 's what we have been taught by our prophet -- peace be upon him , " Muzaffar says . Anwar , the lawyer , says Aqsa is not directly responsible for committing any crimes and is safe to return home . The Mahmood family says they are speaking out in the hope that their other children and the community do n't face any backlash , and they publicly condemn their eldest daughter 's callous decision . Both parents are worried that time is running out for Aqsa to safely return home . But they say they are still holding hope that one day , she will come back . White House adviser : U.S. will fight ISIS with a coalition Opinion : Why is ISIS so brutal ?	Aqsa Mahmood is called a "  bedroom radical " by her parents ' lawyer She disappeared in 2013 , traveling from Glasgow , Scotland , to Syria She is now married to an ISIS fighter -- "  that 's the process here " Her parents and siblings express shock in an exclusive interview with CNN
CNN  -- Events in North Korea have left the world wondering : Where 's leader Kim Jong Un and is he still running perhaps the most isolated country on Earth ? Some analysts speculate Kim may have been ousted by an old guard from the era of his late father , whose 2011 death put the son in power . First , Kim Jong Un gained a lot of weight . Then he developed a limp . Now the 31-year-old leader has been out of the public eye since September 3 , during which he missed an important state meeting and , more recently , a meeting Tuesday to mark the 17th anniversary of his father 's election as general secretary of the Workers ' Party . Those events may not seem like much . After all , Kim could merely be ill , analysts say . In fact , official North Korean media said Kim was "  suffering from discomfort , " with no elaboration . But a surprise weekend visit by the No. 2 and No. 3 leaders of North Korea to South Korea has many wondering if bigger intrigue is afoot . Those two leaders plus another top official attended the closing of the Asian Games and then told the South that the North is willing to hold high-level meetings this fall , according to the South . Though such talks have been attempted in the past , a new round could be significant toward advancing any potential reconciliation on the long divided Korean peninsula . Which raises the question , where is Kim ? And why did the North make a last-minute visit to the South ? Is Kim Jong Un lying low ? ` It 's unprecedented ' "  I do n't think anybody outside of Pyongyang really knows , " said analyst Michael Green of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  The fact that the No. 2 and No. 3 people in the North Korean system traveled out of North Korea at the same time , after the No. 1 Kim Jong Un has been out of the public eye for weeks , and his wife as well , is very unusual , " Green added . "  It 's unprecedented . " It 's enough to lead some to wonder whether something of a coup has taken place . "  Has North Korea 's Kim Jong Un been toppled ? " analyst Gordon G. Chang wrote this week in the Daily Beast . "  Of course , in the world 's most opaque regime , almost any scenario is plausible . We should know a lot more , however , when we see who is on the reviewing stand during the October 10 celebration of the founding of the Workers ' Party . "  Until then , we can say there are signs that Kim Jong Un has lost substantial power and will soon become , if he is not already , a figurehead , " Chang wrote . Citing sources , the Daily Beast also reported last week that North Korea imposed a ban on new travel passes for entering or leaving the country . Ambassador avoids Kim health question On Tuesday , Ri Tong Il , deputy ambassador from North Korea to the United Nations , declined to respond to CNN 's questions about whether such reports mean something larger , such as instability and pending change within the regime . The ambassador did address travel issues within the country and said that citizens have the right to travel . When asked about the condition of Kim , the ambassador deflected the question and said he had a "  program " to attend and left . A North Korean defector , Jang Jin-Sung , who was a prominent propagandist for Kim Jong Un 's late father , said the junior Kim is already a "  puppet " of a shadowy oligarchy . A ` symbolic ' leader An old guard who make up the Organization and Guidance Department , or OGD , are the real "  power holders , " Jang said via telephone from South Korea last week . They were tied closely to the late Kim and are not beholden to his son , he said . "  Kim Jong Un is a symbolic head of state , " Jang said . "  Symbolically he became Supreme Leader . He did not necessarily inherit all the loyalties , the trust , the connections , experiences . He came in as a newcomer , and his position in the system is not the same . " Jang , who defected to South Korea almost a decade ago , said he has spoken with highly placed sources within the regime in recent days . The OGD , he said , "  are calling the shots , and not the words of one man they do not know . Basically , they 're no longer loyal to the ruling king 's word , " Jang said . Neither CNN nor U.S. intelligence officials can confirm whether Jang 's claims are credible , but Ken Gause -- who has studied North Korea for two decades for CNA Corp. , a nonprofit agency that provides research and analysis to U.S. government agencies -- agreed that the OGD has enormous clout . The idea that Kim was ousted by the OGD is a theory "  that you sometimes hear from European diplomatic personnel that are stationed in North Korea , " said Victor Cha , a professor at Georgetown University . "  Some evidence of this are pictures , propaganda pictures we see of the North Korean leader , Kim Jong Un , that are unflattering pictures that show his girth or that show the back of his head , " Cha said . "  These are apparently all signs by the OGD that they are in control more than this young fellow is . " Simply ill Jonathan Pollack , who specializes in East Asian issues for the Brookings Institution , downplayed the likelihood of a power struggle in Pyongyang . He said that high-level maneuvering to influence Kim is a more likely scenario than any effort to strip him of power . "  This is a top-down system . There is no No. 2 , " Pollack said . "  It is a royal system , a dynastic system predicated on there being a Kim and then , dare I say , a ` next of Kim ' able to wield authoritative power from the top on an unquestioned basis . " The other dominant theory is that Kim is simply ill . After all , Kim has a family history of diabetes , obesity and sumptuous living , analysts said . "  Kim Jong Un combines all that plus the worst of Western pop culture , Cokes and French fries ... , " Green said . Andrei Lankov , an analyst at Seoul 's Kookmin University , doubts Kim is in political hot water . "  People get sick , " he said . "  I would n't make much of it . " Why North reaches out to South Lankov said he believes Kim is still in charge and orchestrated Saturday 's remarkable visit that occurred in the South . "  North Korean diplomacy has been engaged in concerted , well-arranged , well-managed efforts to improve relations with pretty much the entire outside world . And you would not expect it to happen with nobody in control , " he said . The reason for the North 's friendlier approach bears upon economics , he said . "  They want South Korean money and they want normal trade , which is subsidized by South Korea , " Lankov said . In particular , the North would like the South to lift the so-called May 24 Measure , a heavy trade sanction taken in 2010 after the North Korean military sank a South Korean ship , killing 46 sailors . If the worst of political skullduggery has occurred -- that is , Kim is out of power -- then North Korea becomes a place of greater concern , Cha said . "  If this guy is no longer in play , and we do n't know that , but let 's say he is , he is no longer in place , there 's no clear line of succession , " Cha said . "  If there 's an internal power struggle , we do n't know the security of the nuclear weapons , the security of the missiles , and it can be manifested in terms of conventional military acts against the South , either intentionally or inadvertently that can then trigger greater prices on the peninsula , " Cha said . "  So stuff that happens inside of North Korea can certainly affect folks on the outside in very bad ways . " CNN 's Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell , Lorenzo Ferrigno , KJ Kwon , Ben Brumfield and Cameron Tankersley contributed to this report .	Kim 's monthlong absence from public provokes speculation on whether he 's been ousted Other analysts say he 's simply ill but is still orchestrating a North visit to South Official North Korean media acknowledges Kim is "  suffering from discomfort " North Korea 's deputy ambassador to U.N. declines to address Kim 's health
CNN  -- President Obama is not shy about showing off his jump shot on the basketball court , but on Tuesday night , it was his baseball skills that were put to the test . President Obama throws out the first pitch at the 2009 All-Star Game onTuesday in St Louis , Missouri . Obama , clad in a Chicago White Sox jacket and blue jeans , threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Major League Baseball All-Star Game in St. Louis , Missouri . His low pitch barely reached home plate and the mitt of St. Louis Cardinals star Albert Pujols . Obama became the fifth president to throw out the first pitch at an All-Star Game , but the first in 33 years . He is following in the footsteps of Franklin D. Roosevelt , John F. Kennedy , Richard Nixon , and Gerald Ford . Asked about plans to practice before the game , Obama said Tuesday , "  I want to loosen up my arm a little bit . " "  The last time I threw a pitch was at the American League championship series , and I just wanted to keep it high , " the president said of his opening pitch at the 2005 Chicago White Sox-Anaheim Angels game . Aiming high is a good strategy , says St. Louis Cardinals scout Matt Blood , but it takes more than on-point aim to make the perfect pitch . "  Throw it with some force , do n't lob it in there . Try to get a good downhill plane . Try to keep it in the strike zone , " said Blood , who will be at the game Tuesday . HLN sports anchor Larry Smith , who has thrown out a few first pitches , says Obama has to be careful to "  not try to overpower it . " "  There 's no speed gun on this . Just make it a nice solid throw to the catcher , " Smith said . "  The one thing he does n't want to do is bounce it home . Mr. Obama is pretty athletic , so I think he 'll ace this . " Overpowering it should n't be an issue for the president , who joked Tuesday that he 'd be surprised if his 2005 pitch exceeded 30 miles per hour . The president also needs to make sure he uses his whole arm , Blood said . "  You 'll see a lot of people throw kind of out front . Their elbow will start out front and they 'll never get their arm back behind their body , and wo n't get a full arm swing . It will be real short , and not very rhythmic , " he said . Former Major League Baseball pitcher Jim Bouton said Obama 's at the top of his game , and he can "  afford to take a few chances . " "  He should toss it a little further to the left . The righties are down by 15 runs in the ninth , they 've got no team leadership . They 're fighting with each other in the opposing dugout , " he joked . All kidding aside , Obama should "  just go with his instincts , like any good athlete , " Bouton said . "  You do n't want to throw the ball into the ground or behind you , that 's for sure . " Obama also does n't want to do what Cincinnati Mayor Mark Mallory did in his opening pitch for the Reds 2007 season . He missed home plate by 30 feet . Video of the Democratic mayor 's embarrassing throw has been viewed nearly 2 million times on YouTube . But the opening pitch is n't always a light-hearted moment . President Bush described his opening pitch at Yankees stadium during the 2001 World Series as "  the most nervous moment " of his presidency so far . The game came less than two months after the September 11 terrorists attacks . Bush wore an FDNY jacket to pay tribute to the New York City Fire Department . He stepped onto the pitchers mound , and before a cheering crowd of nearly 60,000 , he threw a strike . The crowded erupted in chants of "  U-S-A , U-S-A . " Before the game Tuesday night , Obama and all of the living former presidents will appear in a community service video . After the video is shown , Obama will take the field at Busch Stadium and greet the six St. Louis Cardinal Hall of Fame players . He then will throw his pitch to Cardinals ' all-star first baseman Albert Pujols . Major League Baseball said the president will wear a specially made glove for his appearance , with a script Obama 44 and an American flag on it . The glove will then be sent to the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown , New York . If Obama has butterflies about his pitch , Blood says the president should use the nervous energy to his advantage . "  For Obama , I 'm sure he 's dealt with much more pressure than throwing out the first pitch at a baseball game , but I would -- instead of seeing it as pressure -- I would think of it as an exciting opportunity and turn the nervousness into positive adrenaline , " he said . CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	President Obama throws opening pitch at All-Stars game Tuesday Cincinnati Mayor Mark Mallory got lots of attention for his embarrassing throw Obama should "  turn the nervousness into positive adrenaline , " scout advises
