Washington  CNN  -- Three-quarters of Americans say they favor direct diplomatic negotiations with Iran in an attempt to prevent that country from developing nuclear weapons , according to a new national poll . Just one in five questioned in a CNN/ORC International survey released Monday morning say they opposed negotiations with Tehran . President Barack Obama spoke by telephone Friday with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani -- the first direct conversation between leaders in Washington and Tehran since 1979 . The call has raised the possibility that a deal can be reached over Iran 's nuclear program . Obama , Netanyahu meeting comes with baggage Describing the conversation as a starting point , Obama said he believes an agreement is possible regarding Iran 's nuclear ambitions that could lead to better relations . "  Large majorities in all major demographic categories favor negotiations with Iran over their nuclear program , including 87 % of Democrats and 68 % of Republicans . This is nothing new for the U.S. public -- in 2009 , virtually the same number of Americans said they favored negotiations with Iran , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International September 27-29 , with 803 adults nationwide questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . Iranians warm to possible thaw in relations Israel says man spied for Iran , carried photos of U.S. Embassy Report : Shoe thrown at Iran 's President Rouhani CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	Iranian President Hassan Rouhani speaks Friday with U.S. President Barack Obama CNN/ORC International survey : Only 1 in 5 Americans oppose negotiations with Tehran Many in U.S. fear Iran intends to develop nuclear weapons
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two attackers and a security guard were killed on Wednesday during an assault on a Red Cross building in Afghanistan and a gun battle between police and militants , an Interior Ministry spokesman said . Insurgents stormed the International Committee of the Red Cross building in Jalalabad , in eastern Afghanistan . Afghan parliament member Haji Hazrat Ali told CNN the incident started with one attacker blowing himself up and others entering the building . Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said forces surrounded the building and engaged in a gun battle with the attackers . Seven foreign nationals were rescued and one ICRC foreign staffer was slightly injured , he said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said Afghan personnel secured the scene . The ICRC confirmed an incident occurred at the building . On Friday , attackers wielding suicide bombs , grenades and machine guns in Kabul struck the compound of another foreign agency -- the International Organization for Migration . Three Afghans died in the strike , the IOM said , and three international staffers were wounded , one seriously . The agency also said all of the attackers were killed . The IOM helps displaced people across the world . Governor 's office attacked in Panjshir province Six men with explosives strapped to their bodies attacked a governor 's office in northeastern Afghanistan just before dawn Wednesday , authorities said . One of the attackers blew himself up ; the others were shot dead by Afghan security forces , Sediqqi said . The attack at the offices of the Panjshir governor also left one police officer dead and four others injured . Panjshir is one of 34 provinces that make up Afghanistan . In recent months , militants have repeatedly tested the Afghan security forces . With international troops gradually moving out of the country , local police and the Afghan army have been left responding to the increasing attacks on their own .	NEW : 3 killed in attack on International Committee of Red Cross building in Jalalabad , Afghanistan NEW : Seven foreign nationals have been rescued in the Jalalabad incident In Panjshir , attack on governor 's office leaves one police officer and seven attackers dead One attacker blows himself up , the others are shot by police , Interior Ministry says
Tokyo  CNN  -- As diplomats in Beijing discuss reopening the investigation into a string of unsolved kidnappings of Japanese citizens by North Korea , the families of those abducted anxiously wait and hope . For years , they 've been seeking answers in the mysterious disappearance of their loved ones . The bulk of the abductions took place nearly four decades ago and the families of those taken have endured the agony of uncertainty , never knowing what truly transpired . With talks between Tokyo and Pyongyang that took place on Tuesday in the Chinese capital , those left behind to wonder what happened to their disappeared relatives are hopeful that they will finally get some answers . Spate of abductions According to the Japanese government , North Korean operatives kidnapped at least 17 Japanese citizens in the late 1970 's and early 1980 's , possibly dozens more . Some were kidnapped alone , while walking to and from school . Others were taken in pairs while out on dates , including a couple snatched from the beach after walking to see the sunset . In 2002 , North Korea admitted to the kidnappings for the first time but allowed only five abduction victims to return home to Japan . Information on the remaining 12 was sketchy at best . One victim 's story One of those still missing is Yaeko Taguchi , who disappeared from Tokyo on June 12 , 1978 . The 22-year-old divorced single mother was working nights as a hostess at Tokyo 's Cabaret Hollywood , which remains open 36 years later . "  When  Taguchi  disappeared , we thought she just quit and left , " says general manager Sueji Kikuchi , who has worked there for over 50 years . "  Things like that happened a lot so we never would have thought that she had been abducted . " At the time , Kikuchi did n't know that North Korean operatives were canvassing the cabaret , a fact police later disclosed to Taguchi 's older brother , Shigeo Iizuka . Ideal candidate "  At the time , North Korea had a specific agenda ,  and  abducted people that would further this agenda , " Iizuka said . "  Yaeko was thought to have known everything that was needed to know about being a Japanese woman ; she had experienced marriage and childbirth , and knew about cosmetics and feminine magazines and other trends at the time . At the time , being 22 years old , she had been singled out . " Iizuka did n't know the truth about his sister 's abduction for nearly a decade . He and his wife adopted her son , Kouichi , and told him they were his real parents . They never mentioned Taguchi . Her daughter was adopted by another couple , and has never spoken publicly about the situation . "  I promised myself when her son turned twenty , I would tell him the truth , " Iizuka says . Secret revealed But in 1987 , the bombing of a Korean airliner revealed the truth . 115 people died when Korean Air Flight 858 exploded in mid-air , and a North Korean spy , Kim Hyun-Hui , was arrested . She confessed to planting a bomb on the plane , and also revealed the biggest clue yet in Taguchi 's disappearance . "  After the bombing ,  Kim  testified that she was trained by a Japanese woman , " Iizuka says . "  Police thoroughly investigated and found her teacher was my sister . " It was later revealed that North Korean agents abducted Taguchi and took her to North Korea by boat . "  I feel anger and hate I ca n't put into words , " Iizuka says . "  Why would she be taken  to North Korea  ? She was a hard-working single mother who never did anything wrong . " The Japanese government says North Korea claims Taguchi died in a car accident in 1986 , but has n't provided proof , according to her son . Alive or dead ? "  The evidence given by North Korea was questionable , " the younger Iizuka says . "  There is no clear proof that she 's dead . There were no names on the documents submitted . "  There is no clear , accurate proof . North Korea said that she passed away on June 29th , 1986 but there are witnesses that say that she 's still alive . " He believes his mother is still alive and is hopeful renewed talks in Beijing between Japan and North Korea could bring answers about his mother . But he fears the North Koreans wo n't be truthful and wo n't allow his mother to leave , because she knows too much about the secret training of North Korean spies . ' I just want to come home ' Former abductees told Taguchi 's brother and son she 's still alive and they say she begged to go home , often weeping for her children . "  I just want her to come home to Japan as soon as possible , " her son says . "  I have n't seen her since I was born . I only have an image in my head . " CNN has contacted North Korean embassies and missions in nine countries , but has never received responses to inquiries . North Korea has promised to look into the kidnapping issue before before failing to follow through , most recently in 2008 . Abductee 's parents finally meet North Korean granddaughter	North Korea accused of dozens of abductions of Japanese citizens during the 1970 's and 80 's Renewed bilateral talks raise hopes for family members Brother and son of Yaeko Taguchi , who disappeared in 1978 , look for answers
CNN  -- A smoky fire broke out aboard an empty Japan Airlines 787 Dreamliner in Boston on Monday in the latest glitch for the much-heralded Boeing model . The Japan Airlines plane , which had arrived at Logan Airport from Tokyo at 10 a.m. , was being prepared for a noon departure at a gate when a maintenance worker noticed smoke and called emergency crews . "  Upon arrival , we observed a heavy smoke condition in the entire cabin , " said Bob Donahue , chief of the Massport Fire Rescue Department . "  We found a fire condition about midship in the avionics compartment underneath . We advanced an aggressive , offensive fire attack . " Batteries used to start the auxiliary power unit , which provides electricity for ground operations , are located in the small area in the belly of the plane . "  We did have a flare-up . There was a small explosion -- one of the batteries -- and we again went in with a secondary attack and were again able to knock it down , " Donahue said . Japan Airlines confirmed the cause of the fire in a news release . It said 172 passengers and 11 crew members had been on the plane . Everyone had disembarked when the fire was discovered , the airline said . One firefighter had a skin irritation from the material used to put the fire out , but no one else was injured . Donahue says it 's not likely this could have happened during flight when the auxiliary power unit was not in use . "  This is an extremely serious situation , " Kevin Hiatt , a former pilot and vice president with the Flight Safety Foundation , told CNN . "  If there is any problem I think you will see something come out very shortly . " Monday 's incident is not the first mechanical problem for the 787 series , which was delivered to airlines starting in 2011 after years of manufacturing delays and cost overruns . The JAL plane was delivered in December . In 2010 , fire caused a 787 test flight to lose primary electrical power while flying from Yuma , Arizona , to Laredo , Texas . It landed safely using backup systems and the 42 people aboard evacuated using emergency slides . An engine failed during tests on the ground in South Carolina in July 2012 and inspectors found a similar problem on another aircraft in September . In December , another relatively new 787 operated by United Airlines diverted safely to New Orleans after experiencing mechanical problems . "  The 787 , being a new airplane , does have teething problems , " John Goglia , a former member of the National Transportation Safety Board , told CNN . Goglia , a former airline mechanic , said it is common for new planes to have "  these kinds of problems . " While serious , Hiatt did not think these issues are a sign of larger concerns with the 787 program . "  There does not appear to be a common thread in the problems the planes have seen , " he told CNN . "  If they had another situation , a fire , that was in that same locality you 'd start to say yes , we 've got something else that is going on . " Boeing said it was investigating the incident and noted it was too early to draw any parallels . "  We need to give our technical teams time to really understand the event , " Lori Gunter , spokeswoman for the 787 program , said in a statement . "  Anything offered now would be speculation and likely incorrect . It 's just too early to make comparisons to other events or to draw conclusions . " The NTSB sent a team to investigate the incident . "  It 's one of our ` most wanted list ' issues , fire in transportation , " Eric Weiss , a board spokesman , said . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Firefighters battle smoke in cabin of Japan Airlines jet in Boston No passengers aboard ; 787 had just arrived from Tokyo Early focus is on battery unit that powers systems on ground Dreamliner has had other glitches since delivery to airlines in 2011
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Two years after Hurricane Katrina devastated coastal areas of Louisiana and Mississippi , residents say much of America has forgotten their plight . President Bush and first lady Laura Bush pause for a moment of silence Wednesday at a New Orleans school . But President Bush said Wednesday the federal government has been persistent in pushing recovery efforts . "  I would like them to know that we still need all the help and caring and volunteers . We need it bad . People do n't realize . They just do n't realize , " Bay St. Louis , Mississippi , resident Linda Fallon said . The beachfront communities of Bay St. Louis and Waveland , Mississippi , were nearly destroyed in Katrina 's fury . Two years later , one-third of Bay St. Louis residents have n't returned . Business has moved inland . Watch the struggle to rebuild in Mississippi " "  Without the people , we do n't have a town . We do n't have a city , we do n't have a place apart , " Bay St. Louis Mayor Eddie Favre said Tuesday . He predicted it would be at least seven years before the town is back to near-normal . A longtime resident , Diane Bourgeois , has moved 15 miles inland to an apartment and said she doubts she will rebuild . Her home was razed . When she asked why , she said , "  I do n't know , the memories . It will just never be the same . Ca n't risk it all again . " David MacDonald , pastor of Calvary Independent Baptist Church in Bay St. Louis , said , "  We get crews coming down , but they are thinning out as the months go on . "  So it 's trying to let the people know there is still a need down here , especially in the area of housing . And just the mental and spiritual needs that are down here -- just still overwhelming . " In New Orleans , Bush participated in a moment of silence at the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . Charter School for Science and Technology to remember Katrina victims . He said that the U.S. government has n't forgotten the Gulf Coast and that federal efforts to make post-Katrina improvements to levees and infrastructure were unyielding . "  I hope people understand we 're still paying attention . We understand , " Bush said . Eighty percent of the the $ 114 billion allocated to the region for Hurricane Katrina repairs has been disbursed , he said . "  We 're still engaged , " Bush said of federal agencies . The president , in his 15th visit to the region since Katrina hit , called the school "  a place of hope . " Bush said Katrina broke hearts but not "  the spirit " of New Orleans citizens . But he alluded to the challenges faced across the region , citing teachers who commuted 30 miles to teach at the school . "  This town is better today than it was yesterday , " Bush said in praising the Gulf Coast rebuilding effort . But he said it would be even better tomorrow . He urged people across the country to pitch in to help the recovery , whether through donations or volunteer efforts or even moving to the area and joining its work force . New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin said his city 's population increase -- citing 4,000 to 7,000 people a month -- is a good indication of the progress made since Katrina hit . On Wednesday , Nagin participated in the groundbreaking for a memorial to storm victims . "  We ring the bells for a city that is in recovery ; we ring the bells for hope that the promise that was made at Jackson Square will become a reality and will restore confidence in government at all levels , " Nagin said , referring to the scene of Bush 's vow in 2005 that the government would help the city and region recover . Katrina first made landfall on August 25 in South Florida as a Category 1 storm with maximum sustained winds of near 81 mph . At one point , after moving west into the Gulf of Mexico , it reached Category 5 status , with maximum sustained winds of nearly 173 mph before making landfall on the Gulf Coast . Four days after its initial landfall , Katrina came ashore near Buras , Louisiana , as a Category 3 storm , with winds near 127 mph . Initial reports put the wind speed higher , but the National Weather Service later revised its statistics . Water breached two levees in New Orleans at the 17th Street and Industrial Canals , flooding 80 percent of the historic city . More than 1,800 people died in five states -- 1,577 of them in Louisiana . Days after the storm , images of people stranded across the region -- particularly in New Orleans where horror stories emerged from the Louisiana Superdome -- led to outcries of an inadequate response from the government . After supporting him in the days after the hurricane , Bush announced that Michael Brown , director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency , would resign September 12 . A special House of Representatives committee released a report in February 2006 , saying the "  response of government at all levels to Hurricane Katrina was "  dismal , " poorly planned and badly coordinated , showing that more than four years after the 9/11 attacks , "  America is still not ready for prime time . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kathleen Koch contributed to this report .	President Bush says federal recovery effort ongoing 80 percent of of $ 114 billion in federal rebuilding aid distributed , Bush says Mississippi mayor says his coastal city still years away from full recovery Hurricane Katrina left 1,800 dead in five states in 2005
CNN  -- Teenage boys in fast cars -- it 's a rite of passage . Except it 's a bit different for 19-year-old Daniil Kvyat -- he 's about to step into the world of Formula One . The Russian has been confirmed as Toro Rosso 's new driver for the 2014 season , replacing Red Bull-bound Daniel Ricciardo . Kvyat will partner Jean-Eric Vergne after graduating through the Red Bull Junior Driver Program . ` Fantastic ' "  This is fantastic news , a dream come true and I want to thank Red Bull and Toro Rosso for giving me this priceless opportunity , " Kvyat told the team 's website . "  Ever since I began karting , I wanted to get to Formula One and now that wish will become reality next season . "  I had a brief taste of working with the Toro Rosso team when I drove for them at the Silverstone test and I enjoyed the experience very much . "  The fact I am based in Italy and speak Italian will , I am sure , help me to become part of the team very quickly . " Kvyat , who is based in Rome , has been participating in GP3 and the European Formula Three championship while also testing for Toro Rosso at a young driver session at Silverstone last July . Last year , Kvyatt won the Formula Renault 2.0 title with seven race victories . This season , he has recorded one win following six rounds of the European Formula Three Championship while amassing five poles and five podiums . He could yet win the GP3 title , with just seven points separating him from the leader . Talented "  We are pleased to continue our policy of bringing on drivers from the Red Bull Junior Program , " said Toro Rosso team principal Franz Tost . "  Daniil is a very talented driver , which can be seen from his results in all the junior categories . "  He impressed our team with a strong performance and very informative technical feedback at the young driver test in Silverstone . "  This suggests that the basic qualities from which he can progress are all in place . "  Daniil can be sure that we will use all our experience of training youngsters to give him the best possible start to his Formula One career . " Russia could have two teenage drivers on the starting grid in Australia next March , with the Sauber team hoping to fast track Sergey Sirotkin into a race seat . The 18-year-old will try to earn an FIA super license during the post-season winter testing program , with the goal of racing at the inaugural Russian Grand Prix in Sochi in October .	Russia 's Daniil Kvyat named Toro Rosso 's new driver for 2014 Kvyat will replace Daniel Ricciardo , who is joining Red Bull The 19-year-old came through Red Bull Junior Driving Program Kvyat will team up with Jean-Eric Vergne next season
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Roadside bombs killed two service members in separate attacks Friday in southern Afghanistan , NATO said , marking the eighth death in the region in the past three days . On Thursday , five Americans were killed in an improvised explosive device attack . An additional service member died Thursday in a similar strike in eastern Afghanistan . No other information was provided . The rash of attacks comes on the heels of the worst single-incident loss of life for Americans since the Afghan war started nearly a decade ago . Thirty U.S. service members , including 17 Navy SEALs , were killed Saturday when their helicopter was apparently shot down by insurgent fire in the eastern central province of Wardak . Sgt. Daniel J. Paton , 26 , of Canton , Ohio , was also killed that day in a roadside bomb in Helmand province . The attacks coincide with a NATO drawdown and a transition of security to national forces . Ten thousand U.S. soldiers are scheduled to depart Afghanistan by year 's end , with the full drawdown set for the end of 2014 . "  The endgame for NATO is to hand over security responsibility over all of Afghanistan to the Afghan security forces , " said Brig. Gen. Carsten Jacobsen , a spokesman for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . "  Once we have achieved that , the NATO mission can come to an end . " Critics question the readiness of Afghan security forces , particularly those operating in the country 's restive eastern and southern border provinces . Jacobsen said NATO forces aim to provide a more manageable scenario for local forces "  against only very reduced numbers of terrorists . " But , he said , it "  will have to be seen in the three and a half years that we 've got left . " Newly appointed U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Ryan Crocker said last month that a U.S. military presence in the country could extend beyond the 2014 date . Still , he emphasized that America "  has no interest in permanent bases in Afghanistan . " "  We will stay as long as we need to and not one day more . " Roughly 150,000 International Security Assistance Force members are deployed in Afghanistan , including fewer than 100,000 from the United States . Meanwhile , NATO reported Friday that two insurgents were killed and several more detained after a joint coalition-Afghan operation in the northern Baghlan province . The raid targeted a "  Taliban facilitator " responsible for coordinating a network of suicide bombers who were preparing an "  imminent attack " on provincial government officials . The whereabouts of the facilitator are not clear . NATO says coalition forces also detained an insurgent leader in Kandahar province , a Taliban heartland often considered their birthplace .	NEW : Two NATO service members die in IED attacks in southern Afghanistan On Thursday , five Americans were killed in another attack in the region NATO says two insurgents were killed in northern Baghlan province
CNN  We really have n't forgotten about them . "  The Breakfast Club " has endured as one of the most popular films of the 1980s and now you can relive it . In honor of the 30th anniversary of its release , the movie will be shown in select theaters during a two-day run March 26 and 31 . More than 430 theaters around the country will participate in the event , which will include a newly restored version . It will be introduced by a bonus featurette that looks back at the movie that helped define the genre of teen films . Fans will hear personal insights from cast members Judd Nelson , Ally Sheedy , Anthony Michael Hall and John Kapelos about the John Hughes-directed project . "  Both long-time fans and new audiences now have the chance to see this iconic film return to its original home of the big screen , " said John Rubey , chief executive officer of Fathom Events , which is sponsoring the showing along with Universal Pictures Home Entertainment and BY Experience . "  Viewers also have the exclusive opportunity to get the inside scoop straight from the film 's well-known and cherished cast . " Ringwald and Sheedy attended a packed screening of the restored film Monday at the South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin , Texas . Tickets for "  The Breakfast Club 30th Anniversary " are available at participating theater box offices and online at FathomEvents.com . "  The Breakfast Club 30th Anniversary Edition " was released on Blu-ray and DVD March 10 .	"  The Breakfast Club " was released 30 years ago A remastered version of the film opens next week in more than 430 theaters nationwide Some cast members held a reunion for a screening this week at SXSW
Editor 's note : Laura Gómez is professor of law and American studies at the University of New Mexico . Gómez , who has a Ph.D. in sociology and a law degree from Stanford University , is the author of "  Manifest Destinies : The Making of the Mexican American Race . " Laura Gómez says Sonia Sotomayor 's "  wise Latina " comment has been taken out of context . CNN  -- It is likely that Judge Sotomayor will face some questions from members of the Senate Judiciary Committee this week about her 2001 "  wise Latina " remark . In a speech at a Berkeley conference on Hispanic judges , Sotomayor said , "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences , would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " Her comment has been lampooned on the cover of the National Review , where cartoonists apparently could not quite fathom a wise Latina judge , choosing to portray Sotomayor as a Buddha with Asian features . It has caused Rush Limbaugh and others to label her a "  racist , " and it has caused even liberals to bristle . I was a speaker at the conference Sotomayor 's speech kicked off , and I would like to put her comment in context . Entitled "  Raising the Bar : Latino and Latina Presence in the Judiciary and the Struggle for Representation , " the conference brought together -- for the first time , to my knowledge -- judges , lawyers , scholars and law students to consider the state of Latinos in the judiciary . By 2050 , Hispanics will be 30 percent of the U.S. population , and yet the number of Latino judges remains tiny . The number of female Hispanic judges is even smaller ; Sotomayor is one of two Hispanic women among federal appellate judges , and there are not much more than that among the hundreds of federal district judges . Part of the impetus for the conference was to signal the potential crisis for our courts in the 21st century if we do not get more Latino lawyers interested in becoming judges and more appointed to the bench . In this context , I did not find Sotomayor 's comment controversial . As I look at the speech eight years later , I 'm struck by how measured and careful she was in making the claim . First , the sentence I have quoted here followed Sotomayor 's acknowledgement that there is no universal definition of "  wise . " Second , she presented the statement as aspirational by using the phrase "  I would hope " ; she was talking as much about the ideal of diversity as its reality . Third , she specified that she was talking not about all Latinas and all white men but about ideal types ; she invoked a "  wise " Hispanic woman who has had a particular set of life experiences and white male judges who have not "  lived that life "  suggesting that some white males could , in fact , bring a similar empathy and/or life experience to the bench  . Fourth , she went out of her way to say that she thought this would be the case "  more often than not , " rather than all the time . Finally , in the next sentence of her speech , Sotomayor went on to specify that she was addressing the dynamics of an appellate court with multiple judges  such as the three-judge and en banc panels on which she sits as an appeals court judge and the Supreme Court  , rather than talking about a trial court context in which a single judge presides . She was referencing the group dynamics on a U.S. Supreme Court of nine justices who converse publicly during oral arguments and privately during conferences over cases . In these settings , who a judge is , in all the ways that matter , undoubtedly affects his or her own thinking about cases as well as that of the other justices . Does anyone that doubt that Justice Thurgood Marshall 's identity as an African-American male or his experience as a civil rights lawyer shaped his judicial philosophy and influence his fellow justices some of the time ? Most watchers of the Supreme Court have similarly concluded that Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg have had a great impact on their colleagues in cases of particular interest to women , such as abortion and sex discrimination . Ultimately , whether , holding other things constant , women of color make "  better " judges than white men is an empirical question that we are unable to answer definitively any time soon , given the small numbers of minority judges . That inquiry itself begs the question of quality explicit in Judge Sotomayor 's comment : What makes one judge better than another ? Better for whom ? Some political scientists have argued that the appropriate measure is essentially political : Is the judge better for those who elected the president who nominated the Supreme Court justice ? At the end of the day , a judge 's race and gender may have less impact on how she decides a particular case than how the larger public perceives the court on which she sits . In a society in which African-Americans and Hispanics , in particular , report high rates of dissatisfaction and lack of faith in the courts and other criminal justice institutions , the racial and gender makeup of the judiciary has greater relevance . Of 111 Supreme Court justices , all but four have been white men . It 's past time the nation 's highest court looked more like the nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Gómez .	Laura Gómez : Critics of Sotomayor take her remarks out of context She says judge carefully hedged comment about "  wise Latina " judge Gómez : Key merit of diversity on court is public view of judges ' legitimacy
CNN  The term "  nightmare bacteria " does not bode well for anyone who may get infected . That 's what CDC epidemiologists call carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae , or CRE , which kill up to half the patients who contract them . The family of superbugs made headlines two years ago when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned it was spreading . Now , they 're back in the news after seven patients at a Los Angeles hospital caught CRE after routine endoscopic treatments for bile ducts , gall bladder or pancreas . Two of them have died , the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center said Wednesday . CRE was a contributing factor in the deaths , but the exact cause of the deaths was n't immediately disclosed , a hospital spokeswoman said . The medical center is contacting 179 others who had endoscopic procedures between October and January . It 's offering them home tests to screen for the bacteria . Here are some important things to know about the deadly disease . It is a family of bacteria usually found in hospitals and other health care facilities that has evolved a huge resistance to antibiotics . CRE can be so deadly , because few antibiotics work against its different variations . That 's what the name "  carbapenem-resistant " means -- carbapenem is a class of antibiotics often used as a last resort against a bad bacterial infection . But they are no match for CRE , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . Not really ; they are bacteria that just evolved . The superbug family includes Klebsiella and E. coli , which people have naturally in their intestines . But when they spread to other parts of the body , they can wreak havoc . Some CRE make an enzyme called Klebsiella pneumoniae carbapenemase that destroys those strong antibiotics . The enzyme seems to be a pretty new adaptation ; researchers first discovered it in 2001 . You do n't get it when somebody sneezes on you . You have to touch an infected wound or stool , then touch a vulnerable part of the body -- like an open wound . That 's why it does n't spread on the street but instead in hospitals , where health care workers and others can spread it by touch . Someone may forget to wash their hands after coming in contact with stool or a wound . Or a procedure could be performed with a contaminated instrument , like an endoscope or a surgical device . But CRE can also spread from other soiled invasive medical inserts like respirator tubes or catheters . Those infected are usually patients being treated for some other ailment . These patients have underlying health conditions , which may have left them more susceptible to CRE and other infections . But some researchers warn that CRE could spill over into the streets , too , if they become more widespread in hospitals . No , said the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy . The procedure is called endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography or ERCP . It is used among other things to unblock bile ducts and take care of pancreas issues . "  It is estimated that more than 500,000 ERCPs are performed each year in the U.S. , " ASGE said . "  From what we know , over the past few years , there have been fewer than 100 known cases of transmission of these problematic bacteria through ERCP . " The ERCP procedure involves a duodenoscope , a flexible , lighted tube that is threaded through the mouth , throat , stomach , and into the top of the small intestine  the duodenum  . Its design may impede effective cleaning , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Thursday in a safety communication . The device contains a hollow channel that allows the injection of contrast dye or the insertion of other instruments to obtain tissue samples for biopsy or treat certain abnormalities . The device also has a movable "  elevator " mechanism at the tip , the agency said . Even meticulously cleaning the devices prior to high-level disinfection "  may not entirely eliminate " the risk of transmitting infection , the FDA said . "  Reprocessing is a detailed , multistep process to clean and disinfect or sterilize reusable devices . Recent medical publications and adverse event reports associate multidrug-resistant bacterial infections in patients who have undergone ERCP with reprocessed duodenoscopes , even when manufacturer reprocessing instructions are followed correctly , " the FDA said . "  Although the complex design of duodenoscopes improves the efficiency and effectiveness of ERCP , it causes challenges for cleaning and high-level disinfection . Some parts of the scopes may be extremely difficult to access and effective cleaning of all areas of the duodenoscope may not be possible , " the FDA said . None of the companies the FDA identified as duodenoscope manufacturers -- Fujifilm , Olympus or Pentax -- could be immediately reached for comment . Yes , but not many . And some that do can cause kidney damage . But they 're only part of the treatment . Caregivers also remove some bacteria by draining off the abscess . Some CRE strains have been reported that are resistant to all antibiotics . On the other hand , some people contract the bacteria without an infection ever breaking out . Cleanliness in all things is important . Wash hands , sterilize instruments . If you 're a patient in a hospital , remind staff to do the same , and do n't share a room with an infected patient , the CDC said . Also , if you come down with a harsh bacterial infection after medical treatment in another country , be sure to tell your health care provider about that treatment . Some CRE are more common overseas than in the United States . Also , some researchers believe doctors should be careful not to prescribe antibiotics too quickly . The ubiquitousness of antibiotics led superbugs to develop resistance to them in the first place , according to many experts . CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt , Elizabeth Cohen , John Bonifield and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Design of medical scopes 'cause s challenges for cleaning and high-level disinfection , ' FDA says CRE is not one but a group of bacteria resistant to most antibiotics People who get infected are almost always recipients of invasive medical treatments
CNN  -- The government of Colombia has reached an agreement with FARC rebels in the fight against drug trafficking and cultivation of illicit crops , both sides announced Friday . Colombia is one of the world 's top cocaine producers . The rebel group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia is estimated to make around $ 500 million from the illicit trade per year , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . "  I invite Colombians to maintain confidence in the process , in our negotiating team and that we will continue to do exactly what we said , " President Juan Manuel Santos said . He added that because of the agreement , Colombians should have more faith in the peace process . The agreement is part of a complex peace deal with the rebel group aimed at ending the decades-long war . As part of the deal , the government will launch a national program of illegal crop eradication and alternative development . The government also promised to step up its efforts to combat corruption and money laundering , as well as address public health issues related to drug consumption . The president , who is running for re-election , also announced Friday that FARC and the National Liberation Army  ELN  have agreed on a cease-fire during the May 25 presidential elections . "  Imagine a Colombia without coke ? That is what is at our fingertips if we implement these agreements , " Santos said .	Colombia is one of the world 's top cocaine producers Agreement is part of a complex peace deal aimed at ending decades-long war Government plans to launch program on illegal crop eradication
The family of a Washington Post correspondent detained in Iran since July is calling on Iran 's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei "  to show the international community that Iran is indeed a country that respects its laws . " Jason Rezaian , who holds dual American and Iranian citizenship , has been officially charged with unspecified crimes , the newspaper reported . His family released a statement on Sunday saying that "  in its ongoing disregard of Iran 's own laws , the Iranian judiciary has continued to deny Jason access to legal representation , denied his request for bail , and prevented access to review of his case file . " Rezaian has been the paper 's bureau chief in Tehran since 2012 . He attended a 10-hour court session in Tehran on Saturday , during which a judge revisited his case and Rezaian signed paperwork to acknowledge he understood he was being charged , the Post said . "  We 're appalled by the injustice of it all , " Washington Post Executive Editor Marty Baron said in an email message on Sunday morning . "  It 's disgraceful treatment of a good and decent man . There is no justification for his continued imprisonment , just as there was no justification for his arrest in the first place , " Baron wrote . "  The Iranian government has never explained why Jason was detained or why he has been held for more than four months without access to a lawyer , " Baron said earlier . "  Jason is an American citizen who was acting as a fully accredited journalist . ... Any fair legal proceeding would quickly determine that any allegations against him are baseless . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged Iran to free Rezaian . "  We call on  the  Iranian government to drop any charges against Jason Rezaian and release him so he can be reunited with his family , " the State Department tweeted on Kerry 's behalf . Rezaian 's wife , Yeganeh Salehi , was arrested with him , but she was released on bail in October , according to the Post . His family is asking for his "  immediate and unconditional release . " More on detained Americans	Family of correspondent detained by Iran calls on Iran to respect its laws Jason Rezaian holds dual American and Iranian citizenship Iran has not given a reason for his arrest or specific charges He has been the Washington Post bureau chief in Iran since 2012
Financial Times  -- The Philippines would strongly support a rearmed Japan shorn of its pacifist constitution as a counterweight to the growing military assertiveness of China , according to the Philippine - foreign minister . "  We would welcome that very much , " Albert del Rosario told the Financial Times in an interview . "  We are looking for balancing factors in the region and Japan could be a significant balancing factor . " The unusual statement , which risks upsetting Beijing , reflects alarm in Manila at what it sees as Chinese provocation over the South China Sea , virtually all of which is claimed by Beijing . It also comes days before an election in Japan that could see the return as prime minister of Shinzo Abe , who is committed to revising Japan 's pacifist constitution and to beefing up its military . A constitutional revision that upgraded Japan 's Self-Defence Forces to a fully fledged military would allow it far more freedom to operate and could change the military balance in Asia . In spite of its official pacifism , Japan 's armed forces do not lack for hardware . Its navy has about 50 large surface ships , compared with China 's 70-odd . Support from other Asian nations for a rearmed Japan could embolden Mr Abe to change the constitution . Beijing has long raised the spectre of a return of Japanese militarism . The attitude towards Japanese rearmament in the Philippines , itself colonised by Japan , suggests regional fears of an assertive China may be beginning to trump memories of Japan 's aggressive wartime actions . This month , the Philippines objected strongly to an announcement that maritime police from China 's Hainan province would intercept ships entering what it considered its territorial waters . Beijing has started issuing passports that include a map of its "  nine-dash " claim to almost the entire South China Sea , parts of which are also claimed by Vietnam , the Philippines , Brunei , Taiwan and Indonesia . The Philippines has refused to stamp the new passports in protest . "  The Philippines has contended all along that the nine-dash claim is an excessive claim that violates international law , " Mr del Rosario said . Southeast Asian countries concerned about what they see as an abrupt change in China 's "  peaceful-rise " diplomacy have welcomed the renewed commitment to the region by the US in the form of its "  pivot " . Mr del Rosario said Manila had agreed to more US ship visits and more joint training exercises . The region is also closely watching Beijing 's stand-off with Tokyo over the Japanese-controlled Senkaku islands , known as the Diaoyu in China . Regional countries have struggled to present a united front against China , which prefers to deal with each capital bilaterally . Last June , the Association of Southeast Asian Nations failed to issue a final communiquÃ © after Cambodia refused to endorse language referring to recent naval stand-offs with China . In July , Japan and the Philippines signed a five-year agreement to strengthen military co-operation though exchanges of personnel and technology . Japan is providing 12 new patrol ships for the Philippine coast guard , financed with a combination of soft loans and foreign aid grants . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	The Philippines support a rearmed Japan to counterweight China 's military power China has territorial disputes in the South China Sea with the Philippines and others Japan has a pacifist constitution , but this might change after the upcoming presidential election In July , the Philippines and Japan signed an agreement to strengthen military co-operation
CNN  -- Former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and her husband Mark Kelly have launched what they hope will mark a new era in the battle over gun rights in America . On the second anniversary of a mass shooting in Arizona that wounded Giffords and killed six others , the couple launched a political action committee , Americans for Responsible Solutions , along with a website calling for contributions to help "  encourage elected officials to stand up for solutions to prevent gun violence and protect responsible gun ownership . " In an op-ed in USA Today , the two make their goal clear : to counter the influence of the gun lobby . "  Special interests purporting to represent gun owners but really advancing the interests of an ideological fringe have used big money and influence to cow Congress into submission , " they write . "  Rather than working to find the balance between our rights and the regulation of a dangerous product , these groups have cast simple protections for our communities as existential threats to individual liberties . Rather than conducting a dialogue , they threaten those who divert from their orthodoxy with political extinction . " Emphasizing that they support the Second Amendment and own two guns themselves , Giffords and Kelly call for "  laws to require responsible gun ownership and reduce gun violence . " "  Until now , the gun lobby 's political contributions , advertising and lobbying have dwarfed spending from anti-gun violence groups . No longer . With Americans for Responsible Solutions engaging millions of people about ways to reduce gun violence and funding political activity nationwide , legislators will no longer have reason to fear the gun lobby . " Bloomberg anti-gun ad marks anniversary of Arizona shooting "  America has seen an astounding 11 mass shootings since a madman used a semiautomatic pistol with an extended ammunition clip to shoot me and kill six others , " Giffords writes . "  This country is known for using its determination and ingenuity to solve problems , big and small ... But when it comes to protecting our communities from gun violence , we 're not even trying -- and for the worst of reasons . " Giffords and Kelly have spoken out in the wake of last month 's slaughter in Newtown , Connecticut , that left 27 people murdered , 26 of them at Sandy Hook Elementary School -- including 20 children . Giffords wrote on Facebook at the time , "  As we mourn , we must sound a call for our leaders to stand up and do what is right . This time our response must consist of more than regret , sorrow , and condolence . The children of Sandy Hook Elementary School and all victims of gun violence deserve leaders who have the courage to participate in a meaningful discussion about our gun laws -- and how they can be reformed and better enforced to prevent gun violence and death in America . This can no longer wait . " Giffords and Kelly visited Newtown last week . They met with local and state leaders to discuss gun control legislation , mental health identification and treatment , and "  concerns for the erosion of our societal values such that we are increasingly desensitized to violence , " according to Newtown First Selectman Pat Llodra . Giffords told to ` stay out ' That visit also highlighted the intense political concerns surrounding such issues . Connecticut State Rep. DebraLee Hovey , the state 's assistant Republican leader , posted a note on her Facebook page saying , "  Gabby Gifford stay out of my towns ! " Hovey later issued a statement apologizing , saying , "  Our community has struggled greatly through this tragedy , and we are all very sensitive to the potential for this event to be exploited for political purposes . This is what I wish to avoid . " The statement added that Hovey has advocated for a dialogue on mental health issues , school safety and gun control . Kelly , a former captain in the U.S. Navy and NASA astronaut , also responded publicly in the wake of the Newtown shootings . On his Facebook page , he took on the National Rifle Association -- the central pro-gun rights lobby -- after a news conference by a top NRA official about the Newtown tragedy triggered widespread anger . Kelly wrote that the NRA 's response was "  defiant and delayed , " and that the organization "  chose narrow partisan concerns over the safety of our families and communities . " The NRA has argued that it is committed to keeping people protected , and that a focus on stricter gun control is misguided . "  If it 's crazy to call for putting police and armed security in our schools to protect our children , then call me crazy , " NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre said of the anger following his initial news conference . NRA President David Keene later told CNN the group supports schools choosing whether they want armed guards . Kelly : ` Good guys with guns ' are n't the whole answer LaPierre made clear his group believes that more guns , not fewer , are necessary for security . "  The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , " he said . Kelly said he knows from personal experience that that 's not the case . The day Jared Loughner shot Giffords and 18 other people at a public event in Tucson , there was such a "  good guy , " Kelly argued in an interview with ABC . A man came out "  of the store next door and nearly shot the man who took down Jared Loughner , " Kelly said . "  The one who eventually wrestled  Loughner  to the ground was almost killed himself by a good guy with a gun , so I do n't really buy that argument . " Giffords and Kelly want to require comprehensive background checks for private sales of firearms , ABC reported . And Kelly said he does not believe an extended magazine is needed for those who have guns for sport . Gunmen have used high-capacity weapons in numerous shootings , including one at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , and Newtown , where gunman Adam Lanza had four weapons . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , is pushing legislation to reinstate a ban on assault weapons . A former Marine 's passionate disagreement with Feinstein has garnered attention online . "  I own the guns I own because I acknowledge mankind 's shortcomings instead of pretending like they do n't exist , " Joshua Boston wrote in a CNN iReport . "  There are evil men in this world and there just may be a time when I need to do the unthinkable to protect me or my family . " Facebook user Ellen Schmuker wrote in a CNN discussion that Giffords and Kelly 's plan is "  foolish " because "  all gun bans are going to do is punish law abiding citizens for the actions of lunatics . " But HoaiPhuong Nguyen took the opposite stance . "  No one is more qualified to head this effort , go Gabby and Mark , " she wrote . CNN.com users weighed in on Twitter as well , with Susan Blumberg-Kason saying she considers the idea "  crucial . " ` We ca n't be naive ' In their column Tuesday , Giffords and Kelly note that that gun violence "  kills more than 30,000 Americans annually . " According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in 2009 , 31,347 people died from firearm injuries . Nearly 60 % were a result of suicide . Homicide comprised 37 % of those deaths . Overall firearm injuries were down 2 % from the year before . Giffords ' remarkable recovery after being shot in the head has inspired many across the political spectrum . She told ABC she 's doing physical therapy , yoga , and speech therapy , and working with a service dog . She has also been able to begin some outdoor activities . The tragedy two years ago thrust her and her husband into a new kind of spotlight . Tuesday marks a moment in which they are turning all that focus and attention -- as well as their passionate calls for stricter gun control -- into a political movement . "  We ca n't be naive about what it will take to achieve the most common-sense solutions , " they wrote in their op-ed . "  We ca n't just hope that the last shooting tragedy will prevent the next . Achieving reforms to reduce gun violence and prevent mass shootings will mean matching gun lobbyists in their reach and resources . " "  We have experienced too much death and hurt to remain idle . Our response to the Newtown massacre must consist of more than regret , sorrow and condolence . The children of Sandy Hook Elementary School and all victims of gun violence deserve fellow citizens and leaders who have the will to prevent gun violence in the future . " What do you think ? Post comments , or send an iReport . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : Giffords and Kelly cite overall figure for gun deaths which includes suicides The two launched a political action committee to raise money to counter the gun lobby A Connecticut lawmaker apologized for telling Giffords to "  stay out " Giffords and Kelly want background checks for private sales of firearms
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- JetBlue Airways and two TSA screeners will pay $ 240,000 to settle an Iraqi man 's claim he was denied access to a flight until he covered a T-shirt that read in English and Arabic , "  We Will Not be Silent . " JetBlue and two TSA screeners settled a lawsuit for $ 240,000 , but denied any wrongdoing . In the settlement , JetBlue and the TSA screeners deny any wrongdoing , saying they only wanted to resolve the 2 1/2 - year-old federal lawsuit . But Raed Jarrar , an Iraqi who immigrated to the United States three years ago , cast the settlement as a victory , saying the payout would discourage airlines and airport security officials from imposing restrictions in the future . ACLU attorney Aden Fine , who represented Jarrar , also called it a victory . "  A $ 240,000 award should send a clear and strong message to all TSA officials and to all airlines that what happened here is wrong and should not happen again , " he said . The TSA screeners -- Garfield Harris and Franco Trotta -- declined comment , referring questions to their attorneys , who also declined comment , and the TSA . TSA spokesman Christopher White , while noting that the TSA was not a party to the suit , said "  There is absolutely no intention to take disciplinary action against the employees involved . " The incident occurred August 12 , 2006 -- two days after the United Kingdom revealed a plot to bomb planes to the United States had been foiled . In response , the United States imposed a ban on carry-on liquids , and raised the threat level at airports . Jarrar , now 30 , said he was attempting to travel on JetBlue flight 101 from New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport to Oakland , California , when he was approached by TSA officers . The officers told him he 'd have to cover his T-shirt . "  When I asked why , one of the TSA officers said , ` Coming into an airport while wearing a T-shirt with Arabic letters on it was equivalent to going into a bank while wearing a shirt saying , ' I am a robber , ' " Jarrar said . Jarrar said he originally refused to cover up the shirt , first asking to speak to a supervisor , and asking if there was a law prohibiting Arabic shirts . "  I said , ' I think as a U.S. resident and taxpayer , I think it 's my constitutional right -LSB- to express myself -RSB- , ' " said Jarrar , adding the T-shirt 's message was not threatening . Jarrar said he finally relented when it became obvious he could n't get on the plane without complying . The officials purchased a T-shirt for him to wear , he said . "  They had actually a discussion in front of me . One said , ` Let 's buy an "  I -LSB- heart -RSB- New York " shirt . ' And another said , ` No , we ca n't take him from one extreme to another . ' " "  I said , ` What makes you assume that I do n't love New York ? ' " Jarrar said they eventually bought him a "  generic gray " T-shirt with the words "  New York " on it . "  They tried to say this is a compromise ... I said , ` It is not a compromise , you are denying me my rights , ' " Jarrar said . Airline officials also changed his seats without consulting him , forcing him to to sit in the back where flight attendants kept an eye on him , Jarrar claims . According to court documents , TSA screener Trotta said he remembers Harris telling Jarrar he "  had perhaps not made the best choice of clothing " given the events two days earlier . But "  at no point in time did he ever request or order that the passenger change his shirt or suggest that his failure to do so " would keep him off the flight . Jarrar said he is disappointed the TSA and airline did not apologize to him . In a written statement to CNN , JetBlue said it was pleased with the settlement . "  The settlement amount represents a fraction of the amount originally sought by Mr. Jarrar , " spokesman Bryan Baldwin said . "  JetBlue continues to deny , outright , every critical aspect of Mr. Jarrar 's version of events . " "  At no time did anyone from JetBlue ever say he could not board the aircraft unless he changed his T-shirt , " Baldwin said . ACLU attorney Fine said Jarrar did not sue TSA directly because of "  legal considerations . " "  It 's much more difficult to sue a government agency than it is to sue the direct government employee that committed the unconstitutional act , " he said . But the JetBlue settlement should accomplish the same goal , he said . "  It 's very difficult to bring these kinds of cases and to prevail on these kinds of cases , especially in a post 9/11 world in which airline officials and government officials have been given an extreme amount of latitude , " Fine said . Jarrar said the slogan on the T-shirt -- "  We Will Not Be Silent " -- originated in Germany as a campaign against the Nazi repression . He said artists in New York have printed it in various languages .	JetBlue and the TSA screeners denied any wrongdoing JetBlue , TSA screeners , said they only wanted to resolve the 2 1/2 - year-old lawsuit Iraqi Raed Jarrar immigrated to the United States three years ago Jarrar cast the settlement as a victory
CNN  -- One international peacekeeper was shot dead and another was wounded early Sunday after a "  gang " attacked their police post inside a refugee camp in Sudan 's embattled Darfur region , the African Union - United Nations Mission said . The incident came amid continued fighting , much of pitting armed militia groups against Sudanese government forces in the region , which is near Sudan 's border with the new nation of South Sudan . Late last week , for instance , U.N. officials said all 25,000 people living in another Darfur refugee camp -- this one the Kassab camp , in north Darfur -- fled due to ongoing violence . As to the latest incident , the joint mission , known as UNAMID , said in a statement Sunday that a "  gang surrounded " its community policing center inside the Otash refugee camp in Nyala , South Darfur . The armed men then began shooting , killing a peacekeeper from Bangladesh around 3:15 a.m. and wounding another , according to UNAMID . The infiltrators fled the scene after the A.U.-U.N. police unit returned fire , the mission said . "  The attack on our peacekeepers is cowardly  and  deplorable and our thoughts go to the families and friends of the fallen and the injured , " said Aichatou Mindaoudou , acting joint special representative for the mission . Mindaoudou urged Sudan 's government to make a concerted bid to apprehend those responsible for the shooting , which she called a war crime under international law . Violence has plagued Darfur for nearly a decade . The United Nations estimates as many as 300,000 people have been killed and almost 3 million people have been displaced from their homes since the Darfur conflict broke out in 2003 . In March of this year , the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Sudan 's defense minister for 41 counts of crimes against humanity and war crimes allegedly committed in the Darfur region . Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is also wanted for crimes against humanity by the ICC in connection with the conflict . Chris Cycmanick , head of media relations for UNAMID , told CNN late last week that there was a drop in civilian casualties between 2010 and 2011 in Darfur , "  but recently there has been an uptick in criminal activity . " "  The situation is troublesome , it is not supposed to be happening in Darfur , but there is still fighting going on , " Cycmanick said . A UNAMID statement issued last Monday said the latest round of violence began after an incident on August 1 , when three armed men carjacked the local district commissioner and his driver and shot them dead . "  Subsequently , on the same day armed men surrounded Kassab , looted the market , burnt down the Sudanese Police post in the camp and reportedly killed four persons  three civilians and one police officer  and injured six others , " the statement said . Security continued to deteriorate over the following days in Kutum town , Kassab camp and another camp , Fataborno , "  including fighting between the armed elements and government forces , as well as looting and displacement of civilians , " it said . Nyala , where the early Sunday morning attack occurred , is about 300 kilometers  185 miles  south of Kutum . According to a paper published last month by the independent monitoring group Small Arms Survey , violence has picked up of late since new non-Arab "  Popular Defense Forces " have been recruited , trained and armed by the Sudanese government since late 2010 to force Zaghawa rebel groups out of a swath of the eastern Darfur region . As a result , about 70,000 people had been displaced by mid-2011 , and retaliatory attacks by both sides continue , the group said in its paper . Meanwhile , aerial bombardment has been used to target rebel forces and civilian villages believed to support them , in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions . Weapons and ammunition also continue to flow into the hands of proxy forces and government forces in defiance of a "  wholly ineffective " embargo on Darfur , the group reported . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	African Union - United Nations peacekeepers are attacked in a Darfur refugee camp A peacekeeper from Bangladesh dies and another peacekeeper is wounded , UNAMID says A UNAMID official calls the attack "  cowardly deplorable " and a war crime Widespread violence has plagued the Darfur region , in southern Sudan , since 2003
CNN  Never mind that it 's six words long , the hashtag #FiveWordsToRuinADate is taking the Twitterverse by storm . It topped the trending list in both the United States and the United Kingdom . This new hashtag game has something for everyone -- from big corporations to regular folks . Perhaps that 's why so many are joining in .	#FiveWordsToRuinADate is a top-trending hashtag in the U.S. and UK Folks share their creativity and biases
CNN  -- President Robert Mugabe said Thursday that Zimbabwe will go ahead with the takeover of foreign-owned companies , a scheme that has rattled investors , and warned Western countries to stop interfering in his country 's affairs . "  We proceed with our indigenization and empowerment policy , and programs must be worked out to ensure that our resources are managed by us , they are controlled and exploited by us , and that they benefit the majority of our people , " Mugabe said in an hourlong speech at the burial of the deputy director of the nation 's intelligence organization . For most of the time , Mugabe , 87 , was speaking off the cuff in his vernacular Shona language without reading his prepared speech . Zimbabwe 's indigenization law , described as ruinous by Mugabe 's partners in the country 's fragile coalition , compels foreign firms to cede at least 51 percent of shareholding to black locals . The former guerrilla leader said the process will go forward , starting with mines . The policy has been opposed by his coalition partner and political foe , Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai of the Movement for Democratic Change . The two-year-old coalition government of the resource-rich state published regulations in March giving mining companies 45 days to set out their plans for transferring ownership stakes to "  indigenous " Zimbabweans . "  If our economy is controlled by outsiders , similarly the politics will be controlled by outsiders , " added Mugabe , who has been at loggerheads with the West after it imposed targeted sanctions on him and senior officials of his Zanu PF party in 2002 , following reports of human rights abuses and rigged elections . "  We do n't worry ourselves about the goings-on in Europe , about the unnatural things happening there , where they turn man-to-man and woman-to-woman , " Mugabe said . "  We say , well , it 's their country . If they want to call their country British Gaydom , it 's up to them . That 's not our culture . We condemn that filth . We get alarmed when these countries have the audacity to schedule us as an item to discuss in their parliament . " He urged his supporters to "  unite in opposing and condemning the sanctions " that he blames for the country 's economic freefall . "  We must demonstrate that we are ready to defend our country and sacrifice our lives . The enemy will try by all means to destroy us , but if we are united , we are strong , " he said . Without mentioning his political rival , Tsvangirai , by name , Mugabe said "  some of us " have been asking the West to keep the targeted sanctions in place . Mugabe 's appearance Thursday was keenly watched by observers after his return at the weekend from his fourth trip to Singapore since the end of December . Officials have confirmed that he has undergone medical treatment there on previous visits . Reports said that two weeks ago , at a meeting of Southern African leaders in neighboring Zambia , Mugabe was transported around the venue in a golf cart , looking exhausted . But Thursday , Mugabe appeared energetic for an 87-year-old as he walked to around the gravesite unassisted .	Zimbabwe President Mugabe says the takeover of foreign-owned companies will go on Under "  indigenization , " black locals must be given at least 51 percent share of companies He condemns other nation 's acceptance of gays , saying "  That 's not our culture . "
CNN  -- Jacob Williamson captured our h-e-a-r-t-s at the Scripps National Spelling Bee finals this week in Maryland . The 15-year-old was confident , enthusiastic and wore his emotions on his sleeve -- the perfect ingredients for a viral video . "  I know it ! I know it ! I totally know it ! " he said when he was given the word "  kabaragoya "  a large lizard native to Asia  . His excitement made viewers smile -- and then cringe when he misspelled the word with a C instead of a K. His reaction to learning his mistake was a stunned , "  What !? " The video of his final mistake has made Williamson an Internet sensation . One website even set his ordeal to rap music . 1986 spelling bee winner : National contest is n't bee-all and end-all What to know about the spelling bee The agony and ecstasy of the National Spelling Bee	Jacob Williamson captured hearts with his enthusiastic performance Williamson said , "  I totally know it , " before misspelling final word Video has become Internet sensation
CNN  -- Team Leopard rider Wouter Weylandt of Belgium has been killed after a horror crash on the third stage of the Giro d'Italia . The 26-year-old crashed on the descent of the Bocco mountain , 25km from the finish of Monday 's 173km stage between Reggio Emilia and Rapallo . Weylandt was attended to by medics , who administered cardiac massage following the incident , but he was pronounced dead from his injuries in the air ambulance on his way to hospital . Race officials later claimed the rider 's left pedal got stuck in a wall at the side of the road , resulting in him being catapulted off his bike and thrown over 20 meters along the road . Team Leopard manager Brian Nygaard issued a statement on their official website , saying : "  Our teammate and friend Wouter Weylandt passed away after a crash on the third stage of the Giro d'Italia . "  The team is left in a state of shock and sadness and we send all our thoughts and deepest condolences to all the family and friends of Wouter . "  This is a difficult day for cycling and for our team , and we should all seek support and strength in the people close to us . " British sprinter Mark Cavendish , who held the race leader 's pink jersey on Monday , wrote on his Twitter page : "  Things like this should n't happen . Absolutely sick to the stomach . My thoughts are with his family . RIP Wouter Weylandt . " And cycling legend Lance Armstrong also Tweeted : "  Just back from a run and got the news of Wouter Weylandt 's death today in the Giro . I 'm shocked and saddened . May he rest in peace . " Weylandt joined the newly-formed Leopard team this season , after spending his career with the Belgian Quick Step squad since turning professional in 2006 . He enjoyed some success with Quick Step , notably taking a stage in the 2008 Vuelta Espana and ironically winning the same third stage of the 2010 Giro . Weylandt is the first cyclist to lose his life in a racing crash since Kazakhstan 's Andrei Kivilev died of head injuries following an accident in the 2003 Paris-Nice race . In the 1995 Tour de France , Italian Fabio Casartelli , a teammate of Armstrong 's at Motorola , was killed after crashing on the descent of the Porte d'Aspet in the Pyrenees . And in 1986 , Italian Emilio Ravasio died several days after crashing on the first stage of the Giro d'Italia .	Team Leopard rider Wouter Weylandt of Belgium is killed after a horror crash Weylandt dies after an accident on the third stage of the Giro d'Italia on Monday The 26-year-old Belgian won the corresponding stage of last year 's race
Rancho Mirage , California  CNN  -- Following the furor over revelations the U.S. government is collecting telephone records and data mining popular online services , National Intelligence Director James Clapper took the unusual step Saturday of declassifying some details about the programs . In doing so , Clapper reiterated President Barack Obama 's position that the programs are necessary to fight terrorism , while one of his deputies said the administration was looking into possible repercussions caused by leaks to the media about programs . "  We are doing an assessment of the damage that has been done to U.S. national security by the revelation of this information , " Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters during a news briefing in Rancho Mirage , California , where President Barack Obama was meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping . " ... Currently , there 's a review underway to understand what potential damage may be done . " How does it affect me ? Clapper 's declassification of some details is the most comprehensive explanation by the government to date of how the programs work and what information they collect . Among the details made public : The National Security Agency 's PRISM program -- the program that reportedly allows the government to access online services -- is an internal government computer system that is used to manage foreign intelligence collected from online providers and services . "  Over the last week we have seen reckless disclosures of intelligence community measures used to keep Americans safe , " Clapper said in a statement distributed along with a two-and-a-half pages of details about the programs . Privacy 's already dead "  In a rush to publish , media outlets have not given the full context -- including the extent to which these programs are overseen by all three branches of government . " The release of the declassified material comes as the government is under fire following revelations about the surveillance and intelligence programs that have seen privacy advocates call for reforms and elected officials question the expansive nature of the intelligence-gathering activities . Internet laughs about being spied on The revelations began Wednesday , when a British newspaper , the Guardian , published a top secret order from an intelligence court that required Verizon Business Network Services to give telephone records detailing the time , location and telephone numbers involved in domestic calls from April 25 to July 19 . Revelation opens political Pandora 's box That was followed a day later by a report from The Washington Post that the government was using a program called PRISM that reportedly allows NSA analysts access to computers at Microsoft , Google , Apple and other companies to extract details of customer activities , including "  audio and video chats , photographs , e-mails , documents " and other materials . Clapper said the surveillance activities published in the Guardian and The Washington Post are "  lawful and conducted under authorities widely known and discussed , and fully debated and authorized by Congress " since its inception in 2008 . Opinion : The great privacy debate Jessica Yellin reported from Rancho Mirage , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Todd Sperry , Candy Crowley and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	"  Currently , there 's a review underway to understand " potential damage , official says National Intelligence Director James Clapper declassified details of the PRISM program PRISM is a computer system that manages foreign intelligence , according to the material
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- In the aftermath of Haiti 's devastating earthquake , a small radio station became an informational lifeline for people in Port-au-Prince and beyond . The radio station , Signal FM , managed to stay on the air during the earthquake , leaving music playing while its employees fled the building . The station 's studios and broadcasting tower withstood the 7.0-magnitude quake , and with electricity provided by multiple generators , it became one of the few places stunned Haitians could turn for information and directions in the following days . "  We say that the only way communicate with the people and the world to is to stay on , " station manager Mario Viau told CNN . "  And we stayed on . " Signal FM has stayed on the air throughout the nearly two weeks since the quake , though occasionally broadcasting at reduced power . At first , it had only three days of fuel to keep its generators going , but the Haitian government and private organizations contributed more . Interactive map of where to find aid , hospitals in Haiti Viau said he went on the air shortly after the earthquake , telling listeners "  that we have been hit by an earthquake , and , you know ... say the radio station is there . We gon na talk to you . " The station quickly organized a panel discussion with reporters , talking about what happened and getting dire reports from the surrounding city . "  People would come , and say I have this problem ... people are dead this way , why do n't you send somebody that way . That was the first day , " Viau said . "  The second day , they were saying we need water there , we need doctor there , we need food there . That 's how it started . " The station 's broadcast signal reaches about 3 million people around Port-au-Prince . And it has international reach via the Internet , allowing people to get messages to relatives all over the world . "  Somebody would call and say if you 're alive , come in front of Signal FM -LSB- and -RSB- I 'll meet you at this time , " Viau said . Others have used it to inform search-and-rescue workers about sites where people may still be buried alive , as well as food and water distribution sites . People now bring letters and notes to the station to be read on air . One woman went on the air , out of desperation , to ask for help in finding her husband . When it worked , Viau got the bear-hug of a lifetime from the man . "  You should have seen him . He was almost choking me , " Viau said . Radio is a powerful tool in a country with a literacy rate of about 62 percent , according to UNICEF . And with tens of thousands of people now living in tents or makeshift shelters , aid agencies have been distributing portable radios to keep them in touch . CNN iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti The U.S. Army has been handing out solar-powered and hand-cranked radios to an estimated 50,000 to 80,000 Haitians now housed at a former golf course in the Port-au-Prince suburb of Petionville . The military will be broadcasting on three different radio stations . "  We 'll pull people out of the audience and we 'll ask , what 's one thing you want to know and what 's going on out there , that we do n't know , " said 1st Lt. Jeff Wozencraft of the Army 's 82nd Airborne Division . The tents and tarps sprawling across the Petionville green has been sectioned off into communities , with an area to buy food and clothing , and even to get a haircut . Some vendors use car batteries to charge cell phones for 50 cents a pop . One of the tens of thousands now housed here is 22-year-old Louis Richardson , whose mother , father , brothers and sisters died in the quake . Taking shelter under a tree from the stifling heat , he told CNN that Signal FM is "  the most important source of information now . " But as he spoke , he was n't listening to news . He was listening to "  You Are Not Alone " by Michael Jackson . A small Port-au-Prince radio station stays on air after the January 12 earthquake , helping people coordinate aid distribution .	Haitian radio station Signal FM says on during , after earthquake Station has informed listeners where people need food , rescue Station is "  the most important source of information now , " Haitian says
Americans love beef ; we eat nearly 63 pounds per person each year . Although that 's a lot , the amount is down from our 1976 high of 89 pounds . When buying beef , we tend to stick to what we know , which may be why almost 60 percent of our beef dollars go for ground beef . Even as an experienced chef , I often brought home familiar cuts . But researching my book , "  Field Guide to Meat , " led me to expand my repertoire to tasty , if less familiar , cuts like hanger steak and tri-tip . Soon you can do the same , knowing which cuts to choose for maximum flavor and nutrition . A 3 1/2 - ounce serving provides 27g to 30g of protein and is an excellent source of iron , zinc , and phosphorus . Beef Background Humans began domesticating cattle , Bos taurus , about 8,500 years ago . Columbus first brought cattle to the New World , and by 1690 , descendants of Columbus ' cattle ranging in Mexico were driven north and became known as Texas Longhorns . Others arrived later with the colonists . America 's top five cattle breeds are Angus from Scotland , Hereford from England , Limousin from France , Simmenthal from Switzerland , and Charolais from France . More than 90 percent of the beef we buy originates in America , while most of the rest is Canadian bred . The beef we eat comes mostly from 18 - to 24-month-old steers , averaging about 1,000 pounds , and yielding about 450 pounds of meat . Each is divided for wholesale into eight primals  major portions  : the chuck  shoulder and upper ribs  , the rib , the loin , the sirloin  hip  , the round  upper leg  , the brisket  breast  , the plate  belly  , and the small flank . Organs like liver and kidneys are called variety meats . When evaluating your choices at the grocery store , here are a few key terms and facts to know : • Grain-finished : Nearly 75 percent of U.S. beef comes from cattle fattened on grain  usually corn  for three to six months in feedlots . Since corn is not a natural part of a cow 's diet , cattle fed on it may experience stress and other ailments , so they are routinely treated with antibiotics . They also receive growth hormones to increase their size  and value , as beef is sold by weight  . Until recently , inexpensive corn has helped keep down the price of beef . • Grass-finished : Grass - or pasture-finished beef comes from cattle that forage on grasses and legumes . Their meat is lower in saturated fat , cholesterol , and calories than grain-finished .  Because it is quite lean , cook rare to medium-rare for juiciness .  Grass-fed beef has a distinct flavor , often described as bold , complex , and gamy . Many people believe that grass-fed cattle are a more sustainable choice . However , raising grass-fed cattle is time-consuming and requires large open spaces , variables that raise its price . Most is imported from Canada , followed by Australia , New Zealand , Argentina , and Brazil . • Aging : Dry-aging is the traditional process preferred by many steak lovers . The concentrated , intense flavor of dry-aged beef develops as it hangs in special temperature - and humidity-controlled rooms from 10 days to six weeks . The longer the aging , the better the flavor and tenderness , but also the more the shrinkage as water evaporates and a dark crust develops , which must be cut away . About 90 percent of American beef is sold as large vacuum-packed cuts . During the average seven-day period the beef spends "  in the bag , " it ages in a process called "  wet-aging . " • Processing and packaging : Until the 1960s butcher shops bought beef as half - or quarter-carcasses . Packers then began selling vacuum-packed beef , the same large cuts sold at warehouse club stores . Retailers refrigerated the boxes until needed , then opened the package and cut the meat into portions for sale . Next came case-ready meat , which precluded the need for skilled butchers on-site in markets . Leak-proof and easily stackable , case-ready packages are produced in USDA-inspected plants and have a longer shelf life . Packages covered with a sealed layer of clear plastic are modified-atmosphere packages , which have a gas-filled space inside to help preserve freshness and color . Nutrition • Fat content : The USDA defines "  lean beef " as having less than 10 grams  g  of total fat , 4.5 g or less of saturated fat , and less than 95 milligrams of cholesterol per 3 1/2 - ounce serving  100g  of cooked beef . Half of the fat is saturated and half is heart-healthy monounsaturated . There are 29 naturally lean cuts of beef , including many familiar to Cooking Light readers , such as tenderloin , flank steak , and sirloin , as well as five lesser-known cuts . Others , such as ribeye or chuck roast , naturally contain more fat , although it is similarly divided between saturated and monounsaturated . Because lean beef contains less fat , it 's best cooked to medium-rare  145 °F  or medium  160 °F  to optimize tenderness . If using fattier cuts , slice away the outer rim of fat and cut or pull out any pockets of fat before cooking . For larger cuts , allow the fat to baste the meat while cooking , then trim away before eating , or skim it from the surface of braised dishes or stews . • Other nutrients : A 3 1/2 - ounce serving provides 27g to 30g of protein -- more than half of the 50g recommended daily in a 2,000-calorie-per-day diet . All beef is an excellent source of iron , zinc , and phosphorus . In general , the redder the meat , the more iron it contains  beef liver has the most  . Beef also contains thiamin , riboflavin , and niacin and is a rich source of B12 , found naturally only in animal foods . CookingLight.com : Fat and Ground Beef At the Market • Inspection and grading : USDA inspectors examine all live animals and beef shipped out of state , which encompasses most of today 's supermarket beef . Grading is voluntary and done by the same inspectors . The more marbling -- the small white flecks of fat within the muscles -- the higher the grade . Three grades of beef are sold to consumers . Only three percent is highly marbled Prime , sought after by top steak houses and butcher shops . About 57 percent is moderately marbled Choice , the most common supermarket grade . The remaining 40 percent is lean Select . • Private labels : Supermarket chains and large food distributors also have developed private brands with their own specifications . The first such program began in 1978 with Certified Angus Beef , which must come from Angus cattle . Niman Ranch Natural Beef and Certified Hereford Beef are two others . • Natural and Organic : Beef labeled "  natural " must not contain any artificial ingredients and can not be more than minimally processed , such as ground beef . "  Organic " beef must come from cattle raised and certified according to the USDA 's National Organic Program . Organic cattle must be fed 100-percent organically and without antibiotics or hormones . Both natural and organic beef can be either grass - or grain-finished . Ways to Save • Buy lean cuts . Often , leaner cuts are cheaper than fatty ones . And when the fat cooks away , lean cuts provide more meat for your dollar . • Buy in bulk . Large or family-sized packages cost less per pound than smaller packages . Divide into portions , and freeze the surplus . • Be your own butcher . Beef that has been presliced into steaks or made into patties costs more than less processed meat . Buy bigger cuts , and do some of the preparation work yourself . CookingLight.com : Beef on a Budget • But do n't go overboard . Advice to buy a side or quarter of beef may seem sensible , but you 'll likely have more meat than you can store . Such a purchase may yield what one buyer describes as "  cheap steak and expensive hamburger . " For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	Humans began domesticating cattle , Bos taurus , about 8,500 years ago Americans today consume nearly 63 pounds of beef per person each year Most of us tend to stick with beef cuts we know
CNN  -- An Iranian delegation met with officials from the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna , Austria , on Monday as diplomatic wrangling continues over Tehran 's controversial nuclear program . These are the first negotiations between Iran and the agency in three months -- the two sides held talks in Tehran in January and February , according to Iran 's state-run Press TV The aim of the current meeting is to "  devise a framework for answering questions about Tehran 's nuclear energy program , " Press TV said in an article on its website , citing the Iranian ambassador to the IAEA , Ali Asghar Soltanieh . In March , the IAEA noted what it called a sharp and troubling increase in Iran 's uranium enrichment capabilities . Iran denies allegations that it is working on nuclear weapons and says its program is solely directed toward developing civilian nuclear energy . But Western powers and Israel say they think Iran is evading international inspections and intent on developing nuclear weapons . This sentiment has led to sweeping sanctions targeting Iran 's economy , government and its leaders . Key world powers met with Iran last month about its intentions for its nuclear program and announced that the next meeting would take place in late May in Baghdad . The talks involved the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council -- the United States , France , Russia , China , and Britain -- as well as Germany , referred to as the P5 +1 . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Marilia Brochetto contributed to this report .	Iranian officials arrive at the offices of the U.N. nuclear watchdog in Vienna The meeting is about how to address Iran 's nuclear program , state media say Iran is under intense international pressure to rein in its nuclear program It denies allegations that it is working on nuclear weapons
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court ruled for drug manufacturers Tuesday , deciding that a case brought by a Pennsylvania family who says their child was injured by a vaccine can not be heard outside of a court created to hear such claims . The Bruesewitz family engaged in what they called a "  fight for justice , " claiming that a combined disease-prevention booster shot left their then-infant daughter with severe physical injuries . But the justices , by a 6-2 vote , concluded that drug makers can not be sued outside a special judicial forum set up by Congress in 1986 to address specific claims over safety . The so-called "  vaccine court , " which has handled such disputes , was designed to ensure a reliable , steady supply of vaccines by reducing the threat of expensive lawsuits against pharmaceutical firms . It was clear the high court struggled over precisely how the federal statute should be interpreted , and Justice Antonin Scalia , writing for the court , said congressional ambiguity in the law played a part in their conclusions . "  The lack of guidance for design defects -LSB- in the drugs -RSB- combined with the extensive guidance for the grounds of liability specifically mentioned in the act strongly suggests that design defects were not mentioned because they are not a basis for liability , " he wrote . At issue was whether such liability claims can proceed in separate state courts , if the vaccine-related injuries could have been "  avoided " by better product design and if federal officials had approved another , allegedly safer drug . "  Taxing vaccine manufacturers ' product to fund the compensation program , while leaving their liability for design defects virtually unaltered , would be an odd way to make vaccine manufacture more effective , " said Scalia . The lawsuit was brought by the parents of Hannah Bruesewitz , a young woman from the Philadelphia area . They claimed she was in fine health as an infant in 1992 when given a series of DPT shots -- a combination of vaccines to prevent diphtheria , pertussis  whooping cough  and tetanus . After the third series , according to court briefs , the child began having seizures and became disabled . Hannah , who turns 19 next week , continues to suffer what is described as "  residual seizure disorder , " and will require lifelong care . The Bruesewitzes alleged Wyeth Laboratories failed to adequately warn them and other parents of the risks associated with the vaccine . Court records show the vaccine lot in question produced 65 reports of adverse reactions , including 39 emergency-room visits . The family alleges another vaccine owned by Wyeth -- known as Tri-Solgen -- had proven in earlier tests to result in fewer potential side effects . The Bruesewitzes claim the company and the federal Food and Drug Administration were lax in pushing use of the alternative , potentially safer vaccine . The original drug given to Hannah was discontinued by Wyeth in 1998 . The "  vaccine court " rejected the initial claim , so the family tried to revive the lawsuit in separate state and federal courts . Their lawyers claimed Congress did not intend to block all vaccine-related lawsuits , especially those filed when the harmful side effects were avoidable . Four firms supply vaccines for the U.S. market -- Wyeth , GlaxoSmithKline PLC , Merck & Co. and Sanofi-Aventis SA . Justice Sonia Sotomayor dissented in the case , joined by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . "  Manufacturers , given the lack of robust competition in the vaccine market , will often have little or no incentive to improve the designs of vaccines that are already generating significant profit margins , " wrote Sotomayor . "  Nothing in the text , structure , or legislative history remotely suggests that Congress intended that result . " A federal appeals court eventually ruled for Wyeth , now owned by Pfizer Inc. , concluding all design-defect claims were barred under the statute . Despite that victory , the company urged the high court to hear the case , saying it seeks final resolution on the broader legal questions . The Obama administration under then-Solicitor General Elena Kagan also urged review and is supporting the company and the federal law in question . Kagan , now a Supreme Court justice , sat out of the case to avoid a conflict of interest in the eventual ruling . Wyeth and other drug manufacturers say their products are generally safe , but side effects can occur in very rare cases . They also say the vaccine industry is generally not profitable , but the health benefits for society in general have kept them in the business . For that , they say , legal protection provided by Congress is essential to ensure such drugs are widely available and affordable . Doctors ' groups applauded the high court ruling . "  Childhood vaccines are among the greatest medical breakthroughs of the last century , " said Dr. O. Marion Burton , president of the American Academy of Pediatrics , which represents 60,000 physicians . "  Today 's Supreme Court decision protects children by strengthening our national immunization system and ensuring that vaccines will continue to prevent the spread of infectious diseases in this country . " The high court has yet to act on a related pending appeal . The Georgia Supreme Court in 2009 became the first appeals court in the United States to allow families to sue outside the special vaccine court . That case involved Atlanta-area parents who claimed their son , Stefan Ferrari , suffered severe neurological damage 12 years ago from booster shots by Wyeth and GlaxoSmithKline that contained the mercury-based preservative thimerosal . Now 14 , the boy is unable to speak , say his parents , Stefano and Carolyn Ferrari . The preservative has since been taken out of nearly all standard vaccines . Despite winning at the state level , the family has since withdrawn its case , but the liability on drug companies resulting from that decision remains in force in Georgia . The National Childhood Vaccine Injury Compensation Act was passed to establish a nationwide strategy to ensure a secure vaccine supply , promote safety and future research , and compensate innocent victims . Those goals were listed at the time as a "  top public health priority . " Lawmakers at the time recognized the vaccine supply was suffering under rising company costs from potential liability claims . Despite FDA approval for the vaccines , pharmaceutical firms claimed they were being driven out of the market . The special federal court created under the legislation was a liability shield , designed to be a reliable , relatively quick , no-fault solution to various claims . Unresolved over the years is whether and when certain exceptions to liability should be in play in specific cases . The current high court case is Bruesewitz v. Wyeth  09-152  . The pending case is American Home Products Corp. v. Ferrari  08-1120  .	The Supreme Court decides in favor of drug manufacturers The case can not be heard outside of a special court created for such cases , the justices rule The Bruesewitz family said a vaccine severely injured their infant daughter
CNN  -- Six teenagers were killed and two other people were injured when the SUV they were in struck a guardrail , turned over and went into a pond , officials said . The single-vehicle accident took place near Warren , in northeastern Ohio , on Sunday morning , according to Lt. Anne Ralston of the Ohio Department of Public Safety . The teens , age 14 to 19 , were traveling in a Honda Passport . "  She was loving . She was silly and she was a clown . She liked to make everybody laugh even when we were sad , " Ashia Cayson told CNN affiliate WKBN . Cayson 's sister Alexis died in the crash . "  I just want everybody to know that if you are going through something , pick up the phone and call your siblings , your family and tell them you love them . You never know what can happen . Tomorrow is not promised to anybody , " she said . The Ohio State Highway Patrol identified those killed as Alexis Cayson , 19 ; Andrique Bennett , 14 ; Kirklan M. Behner , 15 ; Daylan Ray , 15 ; Brandon A. Murray , 17 ; and Ramone M. White , 15 . All were from Warren . Five of the victims were found inside the vehicle . The sixth victim was ejected during the crash and found under the SUV when it was removed from the water . The two survivors manged to escape from the vehicle and called 911 from a nearby residence , the highway patrol said . WKBN shot video of the crash site , where teddy bears were set up against a guardrail as a makeshift memorial . The black Passport was twisted , soaking and crushed . Authorities found that the vehicle appeared to be overloaded , and that no one was wearing a seat belt , the affiliate said . An investigation into the cause of the crash is under way .	NEW : The sixth victim found under the vehicle when it is removed from the water Authorities release the names and ages of those killed ; eight people were in an SUV The single-vehicle accident took place near Warren , Ohio
CNN  -- Recently , a puzzling website appeared that seemed to be from the Shell Oil Company . Using Shell 's logo and its website 's design , the page contained information about Shell 's oil drilling activities in the Arctic . It included a function where viewers could caption pictures said to be taken by Shell Oil in the north  a dangerous feature for Shell -- just imagine the captions people would generate under a picture of a baby Arctic fox on an oil company website  . Soon after , a video appeared on YouTube that seemed to show an event sponsored by Shell that went badly awry . A small fountain , in the shape of an oil rig , starts spraying guests and some of the pseudo-environmental decorations of the Alaskan frontier with simulated oil . Finally , in the video , what seemed to be a poorly designed media response by Shell Oil made everything worse . As you may have guessed  if you have not already heard  , the entire thing -- website , video and even Shell 's response -- was a hoax created by Greenpeace and the Yes Men , a group of online activists that targets corporations . Shell has wisely decided to remain low-key about the whole thing , issuing a press release that clarifies its lack of involvement but otherwise just hoping the whole concocted ensemble would go away . Is Greenpeace 's prank on Shell oil a ` scam ' ? Welcome to the golden age of culture jamming . Coined in 1984 , culture jamming is a tactic of subverting the media as a form of protest . But the advent of social media has taken it to a whole new level . In the old days , culture jamming might mean defacing a billboard , handing out forged fliers , or staging a false corporate or political event and hoping the media would cover it as if it was real . But today , a fake video or website can quickly go viral and be spread through tens of thousands of shares , tweets , repostings and imitations . It is almost impossible to put that genie back in the bottle . Social media is emerging as a powerful tool , and neither law nor social consensus has yet caught up with it . On the one hand , it allows a remarkable amount of influence to be wielded by those who traditionally had little . Social media ends the communication dominance of the big players like the mass media and large corporations ; it is the great equalizer . From the privacy of one 's computer , virtually the entire world can be one 's audience . On the other hand , because it is both relatively cheap and can be so potent , social media is ripe for abuse , whether through scams , gossip , or misrepresentations . As a medium of protest , the tool is a mixed blessing . Certainly , social media provides some balance in the information battle with corporations who have multimillion-dollar public relations and advertising programs . But the line between legitimate protest through culture jamming and libelous misrepresentation or trademark infringement is muddy . While the legal issues may be contentious , the ethical boundaries seem clearer . Opinion : Why we should look to the Arctic Many sympathize with the intent of the Greenpeace-Yes Men protest . Yet , as much as one might disagree with a particular corporate action , the honest choice demands either engaging in civil protest and accepting the consequences , or staging a symbolic protest  such as culture jamming , parody , or satire  that is clearly identifiable as an act of protest . The Shell Oil hoax did not announce itself as a parody  though a discerning viewer could detect it  , and so neglects the second standard . Satire or parody should be obvious -- maybe not immediately , but soon -- or it is in danger of becoming little more than misrepresentation . Sometimes misrepresentation is the clear intent of the protester . There is a place in a democratic society for such acts ; civil disobedience and other mildly illegal protests have a long history in the United States . But one must cross legal boundaries , even in protest , with a willingness to accept the consequences . If the Shell Oil hoax is determined by a court to violate a law  such as trademark infringement  , Greenpeace and the Yes Men should man up , accept the verdict and pay the appropriate penalty . I doubt that such a verdict will impede people from using social media as a medium of protest . But if tactics like the Shell Oil hoax become accepted and common , they can easily backfire ; opponents could just as easily use the same strategy against an organization like Greenpeace . A culture jamming war would do no one any good . The information overload online is already overwhelming and confusing enough . We do n't need a situation where we have to question the validity of every website and video we click on . Let 's keep it clean , everyone -- tell us who you are , and then take your best shot . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Root Wolpe .	Greenpeace , Yes Men stage hoax about Shell Oil company using fake website and video Paul Wolpe : Welcome to the Golden Age of culture jamming He says line between legitimate protest and misrepresentation is ethically questionable Wolpe : A culture jamming war online would do no one any good
EW.com  -- Fifteen songs on one record ? It 's a bold move â $ " more potential hits , but more potential misses , too . Hard-rockin ' Georgia native Jason Aldean , who prides himself on not fitting in a square country box , did it on his 2010 crossover monster , "  My Kinda Party , " and scored three No. 1s , including the rap-laden " Dirt Road Anthem " and the Kelly Clarkson duet " Do n't You Wan na Stay . " On "  Night Train , " his fifth album , he aims high and wide again with tracks ranging from " 1994 , " a hip-hoppy tribute to '90s country artist Joe Diffie that asks you to chant " Joe ! Joe ! Joe Diffieee ! "  laugh , but then , ugh , you will  , to " Black Tears , " the ballad of a sad stripper who dulls her pain with cheap sex and cocaine . Enjoy , country radio . ` Walking Dead ' : Huge premiere ratings While Aldean can pull off his wilder detours , he 's at his best when he hews to traditional themes . There 's an urgency in his voice that gives every driving chorus added heat , whether he 's singing about a woman  " I Do n't Do Lonely Well , " " Staring at the Sun "  , his country-boy work ethic  " The Only Way I Know , " with Luke Bryan and Eric Church  , or a water tower  literally , " Water Tower "  . And man , does he know how to turn a simple date-night drive into something epic . When he pleads , " I do n't want to waste that moon/And the heat on the hood of this Ford " on the parkin ' ballad " Talk , " well , you may not want to waste it either . A - See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jason Aldean includes 15 songs on one record On his fifth album , "  Night Train , " he aims high and wide The Georgia native prides himself on not fitting in a square country box
CNN  -- We 've never seen a more rapt group of people hovering over salt-crusted sea bass . To kick off season 2 of Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown , CNN hosted a whirlwind scavenger hunt in Hong Kong last weekend , in association with Little Adventures in Hong Kong , the city 's premier private food tour company . We sent 12 teams racing through restaurants , streets and market stalls on an intense foodie-themed series of challenges , with Anthony Bourdain judging the challenge remotely via Instagram and Twitter . Chefs and judges were stationed at various locations to preside over each endeavor . Sweet odds It may have been the one in six odds of winning , but the race was hilariously intense from the beginning . With challenges ranging from eating as many "  suicide wings " as possible in three minutes to wrapping dim sum to fileting fish , six local teams and six expat teams battled it out to win two grand prizes of a trip to Tokyo , and customized food tours of Hong Kong with Little Adventures for runners up . Anthony Bourdain judged the roast goose leg challenge -- it 's his favorite Hong Kong food -- that had teams hunting for a secret kitchen to chop up goose legs . "  You really get to see why Hong Kong is Asia 's food capital , " food blogger Andy Yeo of team The Twits said of the day 's event . "  It pushes you off the deep end . " Hunger in Hong Kong The tests were n't all about taste buds . The Market Challenge had each team heading to the street market to bargain for as much choi sum  a leafy green vegetable  as possible for HK$ 30 , the average amount people in Hong Kong living under the poverty line spend on food each day . The veggies were then donated to Feeding Hong Kong , CNN 's charity partner for the event . Social media was another important element of the contest , as contestants were required to have a Twitter and Instagram account to register . Despite rampant competitiveness , CNN Travel editor Hiufu Wong observed that contestants spent more time feeding the event to their social media networks than on the actual challenges . The winners The winners heading to Tokyo are teams HELL YEAH ! and HUNGER HUNTER . "  We liked the fact that the challenge covered not just local Cantonese food , " said Davis Ng , member of team HELL YEAH ! "  It covered different genres and we actually learned something very interesting from the chefs . " You 're welcome , Davis . Have fun in Japan ! The partners You can retrace the challenge at the following Hong Kong locations : Nico 's Spuntino Bar & Restaurant , 49 Elgin St. , Central DimDimSum DimSum Specialty Store , 7 Tin Lok Lane , Wan Chai Kowloon Soy Company , 9 Graham St. , Central Corner Kitchen , 21 New St. , Sheung Wan Chôm Chôm , 58-60 Peel St. , Central The Big Bites , 196-202 Java Road , North Point Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown Season 2 airs Mondays at 9 a.m. , Fridays at 10 p.m. and Sundays at 9 a.m. HKT on CNN International . This season , traditional Chinese subtitling will be available for Hong Kong viewers .	CNN hosted a whirlwind , foodie scavenger hunt in Hong Kong last weekend The event marked season 2 of Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown Two winning teams won trips to Tokyo Event helped raise awareness of hunger in Hong Kong
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- There are few cars in the world where the difference between driving them and watching them being driven is greater than with the Trabant . It 's a cute little car . Its two big , round headlights look almost like innocent eyes staring back at the beholder . And its tiny frame seems so fragile that all other drivers give you the right of way when you 're taking a spin around town . But driving a Trabant is an adventure , to say the least . As pedestrians smile and take selfies in front of the car , you will be locked in a constant battle just to keep the vehicle on the road . Slipping behind the wheel of a Trabant is sort of like squeezing into a sleeping bag -- especially when you 're 6 feet 5 inches tall , like me . Getting the engine started is half the battle -- the car immediately stalls if you take your foot off the gas -- and the brakes pretty much do n't work at all . Take all these factors together and a trip in stop-and-go traffic quickly becomes nerve-wracking torture . You 're thrilled when you 've finally reached your destination , and the car can once again become the eye-catching backdrop of a myriad of photos snapped by gawking tourists . Nevertheless , the Trabant has been an icon to Germans ever since the tiny Communist-built cars started rolling across the border between what was then East and West Germany in 1989 . There have been movies about the car , where it is depicted as an underdog in races -- almost like the American films about "  Herbie " the Volkswagen Beetle . The Trabant is so significant that CNN Berlin just had to get one for our coverage of the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall , and it quickly became one of the centerpieces of our coverage . We looked on the internet and found that there are few "  Trabis " left . The ones for sale were being offered up not for driving , but for spare parts . When we finally found one that had somehow managed to pass its latest driving inspection , we snapped it up immediately . The Trabant , produced in Communist East Germany by the government-run conglomerate VEB Sachsenring from 1957 till 1990 , was flawed from inception . A few tweaks were made to the design in 1962 , but fundamentally the car never really changed . The Trabi 's frame is made of cheap PVC plastic -- a material the Germans nicknamed "  racing cardboard " -- and its tiny frame houses a 26 horsepower , two-stroke engine that runs on a mixture of oil and gasoline . We needed a good concept to make our Trabi -- a 601 S station wagon -- the corner stone of our "  Fall of the Wall " coverage , so we hired the artist Martin Raumberger to give the car a makeover . He focused on three themes : Berlin , CNN , and the fall of the Berlin Wall . Martin did an amazing job . He sketched several of Berlin 's most famous symbols on our Trabi , including the broadcast tower and the Brandenburg Gate . He also drew a tree of people breaching the Berlin Wall , a symbol of human life penetrating and destroying the anti-human barrier that separated East and West Germany . The longest part of the Wall still standing today  the East Side Gallery , for instance  is an open air museum , a living piece of art covered in graffiti . Thousands of people have scrawled their names on the Wall with permanent marker . We decided our Trabi should be no different . We asked people from all over the world to sign the car with their names and hometown , and the reaction we got was amazing . On November 9 thousands of people crowded around our car to sign it , draw on it , and take their picture with it . At some point the authorities asked us to stop because the crowd grew so large that it was blocking the bike path and the street at the East Side Gallery . Now that the celebrations are over it is time to decide what to do with the CNN Trabant next . It has turned into a real work of art by Martin Raumberger and all those who signed their names on it . I certainly will miss our little Trabant , but I will not miss driving it !	CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen takes the iconic German Trabant car for a spin The cars rolled across the border between what was then East and West Germany in 1989 CNN hired the artist Martin Raumberger to give the car a makeover Thousands of people crowded around the car to sign it , draw on it , and take their picture with it
CNN  -- For award-winning Nigerian film director Obi Emelonye , the London premiere of "  Last flight to Abuja " in early June was supposed to be a celebratory event , a marquee moment introducing his suspense-filled airplane disaster thriller to the rest of the world with pomp and grandeur . But then June 3rd happened . On that fateful Sunday , the Dana Air Flight 992 from the Nigerian capital of Abuja crashed into a densely populated neighborhood in Lagos , killing all 153 people aboard as well as at least 10 people on the ground . The tragic news left Emelonye , whose high-octane action movie is based on a series of fatal air crashes that stunned Nigeria in 2006 , in a state of shock . "  The coincidences and the timing of it was scary , " he says . "  This was five days to the London premiere that we 've been building up to -- my first reaction was to cancel the premiere . " Read related : Nigerians demand answers in wake of Dana Air crash But after consulting his team , Nigerian officials and some of the families of the bereaved , Emelonye was convinced to go ahead with the original plan , using the movie to spotlight aviation safety in Nigeria . "  They said ` no , this might end up being one of the longest lasting legacies to the lives of these people that were lost so needlessly in those crashes , ' " he remembers . "  This film was supposed to flag some of those issues that have now taken their lives , so it 's in their interest that this story goes out there -- if for nothing , to put the issue of aviation safety squarely in the public agenda so that we do n't forget . " Five days later , in an emotional event attended by hundreds of people , Emelonye made sure the premiere was dedicated to the Dana Air crash victims -- attendees observed one minute of silence while the film 's end credits were replaced by the names of those who lost their lives on that ill-fated flight . Emelonye says that "  Last Flight to Abuja , " written in 2007 and shot in November last year , has now become a campaign film , raising attention for safer flying in Nigeria and the rest of the continent . "  The film has taken on added significance way beyond my planning , " he explains . "  It has become an advocacy ... for aviation safety , not just in Nigeria but for the whole of Africa , and it 's a responsibility I take very seriously . " Read related : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world As a result , Emelonye says that some of the profits of the film will be donated to a fund dedicated to helping the families of the air crash victims . "  We 're trying to give back financially because we feel whatever profits from this film should go to , in some way , to continue the campaign for safer skies , " he says . "  In the absence of social security , there are people in dire hardship from that accident and we 'll contribute something and kind of compel our partners to contribute also . " At just 30 years old , Emelonye is one of the rising stars of Nigeria 's booming movie-making industry , known as Nollywood . Passionate and self-taught , he left behind a career in law to follow his dream of becoming a filmmaker . He achieved critical and commercial acclaim last year with "  The Mirror Boy , " a fantasy/adventure film released all across the African continent and the UK . Read related : Veteran director reveals secrets of Nollywood 's success And now he is aiming for further success with "  Last Flight to Abuja , " a big-budget production starring many of Nollywood 's biggest names . The 81-minute long film has already become a box office hit in Nigeria and is shown in screens across West Africa and in London . Emelonye says he hopes the movie , along with promoting civil aviation safety in Nigeria , will open up his country 's burgeoning film industry to a wider audience , dismissing the low-quality tag that 's often attached to Nollywood productions . "  We have a film that has pushed the boundaries with Nollywood and introduced a new genre in Nollywood filmmaking , " he says . Emelonye says Nollywood films are growing in popularity because they offer audiences a narrative they can connect to . "  There 's something I call the quintessential African voice , which has kind of given Nollywood , in spite of its qualitative problems , international attention -- it 's watched across Africa , it 's watched across the world , even though they 're shot on very low quality cameras , very simplistic stories , they have a common connection with people that is great . "	Obi Emelonye is the director of Nollywood 's latest hit , "  Last flight to Abuja " He uses the film to campaign for better civil aviation safety over African airspace The high-octane thriller is currently playing across West Africa and in London "  We have a film that has pushed the boundaries with Nollywood , " he says
CNN  -- Relations between the United States and Iran , already strained by U.S. sanctions on Iran 's central bank and Iranian naval exercises in the Strait of Hormuz , are on the verge of spinning out of control . What can push the two nations into a military confrontation is the fate of a former Marine , Amir Mirzaei Hekmati . A Revolutionary Court in western Iran sentenced the dual U.S.-Iranian citizen to death on January 9 , claiming that he is a CIA spy . It is not often that the fate of entire nations hinges on that of a single individual , but the execution of a Marine by Iran will almost certainly inflame public opinion and tilt the balance toward war . But perhaps what will save the day is an incident that placed friendship and trust , rather than enmity and paranoia , between Iranians and Americans . Days before the death sentence was passed on the Marine , American sailors rescued 13 Iranian fishermen held hostage for several weeks by Somali pirates who had seized their fishing vessel off the coast of Oman . Those Somali pirates may have pulled off a diplomatic stunt that has eluded American and Iranian politicians for more than three decades . For a brief moment , the pirates healed the wounds of history . Two nations split since the hostage crisis of 1979 found their fishermen and sailors forced into each other 's arms by a turn of fate . It was a most embarrassing embrace , with both governments trying to figure out how to handle the threat of friendship . Even the pretense of hostility came down . It fell upon one of the rescued fisherman , Fazel Ur Rahman , to revel in the twists and turns of fortune . As devout seamen are wont to do , he interpreted his miraculous rescue by the Americans as an act of God . "  It 's like you were sent by God , " he told the American sailors . "  Every night we prayed for God to save us . And now you are here . " Like Sinbad the Sailor , Rahman and his shipmates vanished in time . But then they found themselves returned to an Iranian port . They will no doubt relate their encounter , not with predator drones but a giant and gentle American whale . One can already hear the peels of laughter and shrieks of disbelief as Rahman tells the story of how they were disgorged out of the belly of the Somali shark because the American whale spoke Urdu . It may be that our fate is determined by crusty histories and fixed ideologies . But given the gulf separating Iranians and Americans , this metaphor is worth reflecting upon . The rescue of the fishermen also evokes memories of a distant past and dreams of a hopeful future . While the Islamic Republic 's ideologues portray America as a belligerent and hostile power , most Iranians recognize that if it were not for America 's defense of Iran 's sovereignty in 1946 , Joseph Stalin would have devoured northern Iran . Many ordinary people in Iran , far from seeking a war with the United States  or Israel  , silently pray to God for an end to their hardships . They dream of an Iranian Spring . Sadly , in the modern Middle East , divine interventions -- God 's creativity and compassion -- have taken on an ugly tone . If God favors this tribe or that faith , then must it mean that other faiths and tribes are to be destroyed ? The acts of God -- earthquakes , floods , plagues , famine and such -- veer from the minor to the massive . Add nuclear weapons to God 's arsenal and there is very little room left for tiny fishermen and their benevolent God . But what if the fisherman Rahman was right ? With a Marine 's life and so much else at stake , what if the whole rescue incident was an act of God , his way of shaming world leaders by showing how even the most clueless of pirates can turn sworn enemies into friends , however temporarily ? For helping the hapless Iranians and the Americans find common ground , even if it 's at sea , the pirates deserve a toot , a hoot and quite possibly a salute . Whether the future of U.S.-Iran relations will be stormy or turn hopeful , only God knows . Centuries before , Hafiz , the greatest of Persian poets , may have captured the essence of the fishermen rescue incident in describing what it means to offer friendship and show humanity . His wisdom can perhaps draw Iranians and Americans together : "  Plant the Tree of Friendship for It Brings Forth Boundless Joy . Uproot the Saplings of Enmity for It Summons Countless Sorrows . " Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amir .	Amir : the fate of a former Marine can push the U.S. and Iran into a military conflict He says that the incident of American sailors rescuing Iranian fishermen is a diplomatic feat Amir : what if the whole rescue incident was an act of God ? He says many in Iran dream of an Iranian Spring , they do not want war with the U.S.  or Israel
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Oil prices have some drivers looking for new rides , but some truck and sport-utility vehicle owners are remaining true to their gas guzzlers . They say , $ 4-a-gallon gas be damned ; they need the space . Gas prices have drivers reconsidering what they drive , but some SUV owners say they have no real alternative . "  You 've got to have that room when you 're moving around , " said Steve Sharp , who has three active children and whose wife owns a dance studio . "  It would be impractical for us to own a Prius with everything we 've got going on . " Toyota 's hybrid sedan just would n't work , said Sharp , 36 . In addition to hauling their 11-year-old boy to soccer games and their 10 - and 7-year-old daughters to dance recitals , Sharp 's wife , Caren , also totes large props and background displays for her studio . In March , as consumer cynicism toward SUVs soared alongside gas prices , the Sharpsburg , Georgia , family purchased a new Chevy Avalanche truck , which gets between 17 and 20 miles per gallon on the highway . When GM chief Rick Wagoner announced Tuesday his company would close four North American plants by 2010 , he cited skyrocketing gas prices as a factor in the automobile giant 's decision . Watch how gas prices drove the move " "  These higher gasoline prices are changing consumer behavior , and rapidly , " Wagoner said . "  We do n't think this is a temporary spike or shift . We think it is permanent . " Peter Brown , the executive director of the trade publication Automotive News , said in an interview last month that SUV sales were down almost 33 percent this year , and sales of pickups were down almost 20 percent . He likened the behemoths to dinosaurs on the fast path to extinction . iReport.com : Still driving that gas guzzler , and loving it ? "  If gas prices stay where they are at or continue to rise , the body-on-frame SUV is an endangered species and the pickup truck as a personal car is an endangered species , " he said . But some consumers say they 'll strive to keep the beasts alive , even if it costs $ 100 or more to fill the tanks . See gas prices across the country " Stephanie Torgerson , 32 , of Pataskala , Ohio , said she simply ca n't put her three boys in her husband 's Mazda 626 . The 1-year-old needs a car seat , the 5-year-old needs a booster chair and she does n't feel comfortable wedging her 8-year-old between the two . Sure , she could probably get better mileage in a minivan , but she does n't like the stigma . "  I do n't want to be labeled as a soccer mom , " she said . Torgerson said her 2006 Chevy Trailblazer , which gets about 20 mpg , affords her and her kids protection -- not to mention four-wheel drive traction in the snowy winter months . But security comes with a price . Torgerson 's daily commute to Hilliard -- another Columbus suburb -- is 72 miles roundtrip . She spends about $ 82 a week on gas , she said . Watch a Florida driver document gas prices " Asked if she had considered a hybrid SUV with four-wheel drive , she promptly said no . "  They 're all brand-new vehicles , and I ca n't afford a $ 500-a-month car payment , " she said . Orlando Tapia , of Cabot , Arkansas , said he considered trading in his 2001 Chevy Suburban to buy his wife a new car . The 45-year-old U.S. Air Force education manager said he reconsidered after learning he 'd get about one-seventh of the vehicle 's market value . See how SUV sales are on the decline " "  They want to give you nothing for it , " he said , lamenting the low demand and high supply of such vehicles . Tapia , who also owns a 1988 Chevy Silverado pickup  his wife drives a Toyota Camry  , said his family uses the Suburban only about 10 times a year , for vacations , hauling his flatbed trailer and when piling friends and relatives into the Suburban saves driving two cars . Tapia decided to keep his cars simply because they 're paid for . "  Do I pay $ 5,000 a year in car payments , or do I put $ 5,000 of gas in the Suburban ? " he asked . "  Right now it 's cheaper for me to just put gas in the Suburban . " Tapia has felt the pinch of high gas prices , he said , but he has ways to alleviate the burden on his wallet without hocking his truck or SUV . "  If I 'm running to the store and the Camry 's out there and the Suburban and pickup are out there , I definitely jump in the Camry , " he said . Sharp said his family looks for similar ways to save money on gas . For instance , his wife will time trips to the bank or grocery store so she can pick up the children from school while she 's out running errands . Extra trips mean extra gas , Sharp said . See how Lamborghinis , Bentleys fare on gas mileage " But simple solutions do n't work for everyone . "  I 've got several of these things that I 've been pouring liquid gold in the tank of , " said Mark Antley , 47 , of Sharpsburg , Georgia . The computer and technology contractor used to drive his 1999 Suburban from Sharpsburg through Atlanta to the northern suburb of Alpharetta . The 145-mile roundtrip to work put a dent in his 45-gallon gas tank . Making matters more costly were his wife 's car -- another '99 Suburban -- and his diesel 2002 Ford F250 pickup . So last month , Antley got on eBay , where he found a 1996 Pontiac Sunfire for $ 1,000 . The car is a "  piece of junk , " he said , but it gets about 37 mpg , almost tripling his Suburban 's mileage . He has already put 5,000 miles on it , which has saved him about the cost of the car in gas , he said . "  Last month , before I bought this car , it was running in the neighborhood of $ 1,400 to $ 1,800 a month , " Antley said of his family 's gasoline budget . Though Antley has left his F250 parked since Christmas , his wife still needs her Suburban for carpooling to school and school events . The Antleys ' daughter just turned 16 , and is driving her own Toyota Corolla , but the couple 's boys need rides to soccer practice and their sister 's gymnastics meets . Antley said he does n't think the SUV is on the verge of extinction . He laughs at folks willing to pay $ 1.25 for a pint of bottled water -- $ 10 a gallon -- but who gripe about $ 4-a-gallon gas . All products go up in price , he said . Gas prices eventually will level off and families will adjust their budgets accordingly . SUVs will either become luxuries for those who can afford the gas or necessities for those who need what SUVs have to offer , he predicts . "  There will still be a niche market for them , " he said . "  I do n't know what other vehicle affords you the luxury of carrying as much as they do . " CNN 's Wayne Drash and Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	Ohio woman says Trailblazer provides her safety without "  soccer mom " stigma Some owners are cutting back on or combining SUV trips to save gas Man bought Pontiac on eBay after shelling out $ 1,400 - $ 1,800 a month in gas Gas guzzlers becoming increasingly unpopular , but some people still need them
Washington  CNN  -- The fact that Chris Christie rolled to a second term in New Jersey and Terry McAuliffe won in Virginia was n't a surprise . Public opinion polls have consistently shown both men in the lead . But the exit polls showed two very different paths to victory . Christie steamrolled hapless Democratic nominee Barbara Buono , 60 % to 39 % with 80 % of the vote counted , crushing her in almost every key demographic . It was the biggest victory for a GOP gubernatorial candidate in New Jersey since Tom Kean was running in the 1980s . What Christie 's victory means for 2016 McAuliffe 's victory was much narrower than most of the polls indicated , 48 % to 46 % with 98 % of the vote in . He did n't win every key group -- self-described independents broke for Republican nominee Ken Cuccinelli -- but he successfully stoked fears about Cuccinelli 's strident brand of conservatism in an increasingly moderate battleground state . Let 's start with New Jersey . Christie beat his female opponent among women by 16 points . He won self-described moderates by more than 20 points . He won independents by more than 30 points . He won voters making less than $ 50,000 . He won voters making more than $ 100,000 . Check the exit poll : N.J. governor 's race Christie did very well for a Republican with core Democratic constituencies . He won 49 % of voters between the ages of 18 and 29 . He won roughly three in 10 self-described liberals . He won 50 % of the Hispanic vote . And he won roughly 20 % of the African-American vote . These are all critical selling points for Republicans hungry to take back the White House in 2016 . If there 's one warning sign for Christie 's 2016 hopes , it 's the fact that the exit polls show he would lose his home state to Hillary Clinton by four points . That does n't fit with the narrative that he 's a Republican capable of winning in blue America . Half of New Jersey voters said Christie would make a good president . But that does n't mean 50 % of New Jersey voters would necessarily back him if he runs for the White House . Christie will have to walk a fine line over the next couple of years , bolstering his standing among national GOP primary voters while maintaining his credibility with more independent and Democratic-leaning voters . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney could n't do it . As for Virginia , McAuliffe won by getting his base to the polls . Democrats were the biggest partisan voting bloc in the state , comprising 37 % of the total electorate and backing the former Democratic National Committee chairman by a 93-point margin . McAuliffe hit Cuccinelli hard during the campaign on hot button social issues like abortion , and the strategy paid off . Cuccinelli actually won among the 72 % of voters who cared most about the economy or health care . But among the 20 % of voters who called abortion the most important issue , McAuliffe won by 25 points , 59 % -34 % . Check the exit poll : Va. governor 's race Half of Virginia voters called Cuccinelli 's issue positions too conservative . Only 41 % called McAuliffe 's positions too liberal . In the end , Cuccinelli was hurt by the same tea party alliance that won him the nomination at the Virginia GOP convention earlier this year . Only 28 % of Virginia voters said they support the tea party movement . Forty-two percent said they oppose it , and they broke for McAuliffe by more than 70 points . And no , Cuccinelli ca n't blame his loss on scandal-plagued outgoing GOP Gov. Bob McDonnell or third-party libertarian candidate Robert Sarvis . Despite his scandals , Virginia voters said they approve of McDonnell 's job performance by 11 points , 52 % to 41 % . And if Sarvis had not been in the race , exit polls indicate McAuliffe still would have beaten Cuccinelli by two points , 48 % to 46 % . 5 things we learned from Election Night	Christie crushed his Democratic opponent in almost every demographic category McAuliffe stoked fears about his Republican opponent 's strident conservatism Bad news for Christie : Polls show he would lose presidential matchup against Hillary Clinton In Virginia , Cuccinelli was hurt by the same tea party alliance that won him the nomination
CNN  -- Investigators looking for the source of a salmonella outbreak linked to tomatoes will focus on farms in Mexico and Florida , federal health authorities said Friday . Since April , more than 500 people have contracted the same strain of salmonella , linked to raw tomatoes . The tracebacks "  have taken us from point of consumption all the way back to certain farms in Mexico and Florida , " said Dr. David Acheson , associate commissioner for foods at the Food and Drug Administration . The agency will send teams of investigators to farms in both locations this weekend as well as to the pathways from those farms in an attempt to determine where the contamination occurred , he said . The tomatoes may not have been contaminated on a farm , he stressed ; the contamination could have occurred in a packing shed , warehouse , supplier chain or distribution center . "  We are going to all of those places to see if there are any problems that could indicate how or why these tomatoes got contaminated , " he said . The reported advance in the investigation came as the toll mounted , with 552 people identified as having contracted the strain of Salmonella Saintpaul since April in 32 states and the District of Columbia . It is one of the biggest outbreaks of tomato-caused illness in history , officials said . See where the cases have been reported " Though the number of reported victims has risen dramatically in recent days , that does not signify a large number of new infections , Acheson said . Instead , he credited improved surveillance and laboratory identification of previously submitted strains for the increased number . The bulk of the new reports were in Texas , which tallied 265 cases , according to Ian Williams , chief of the OutbreakNet Team at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . At least 53 of the victims , whose ages range from 1 to 88 years , have been hospitalized . The victims are almost evenly split between males and females . Though no deaths have been officially attributed to the outbreak , a man in his 60s in Texas who had cancer also had the infection , which may have contributed to his death , Williams said . The outbreak began April 10 , and the latest case was reported June 10 .	FDA : Tomatoes suspected in salmonella outbreak traced to farms in Mexico , Florida Tomatoes may have been contaminated after leaving the farm Outbreak stands at 552 cases since April in 32 states , District of Columbia
CNN  -- You know that a news story has broken through , as we like to say in the journalism business , when Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart start playing it for laughs . In the last few weeks , the dynamic duo of Comedy Central has had a field day with the subject of super PACs , those fundraising machines that can raise unlimited donations to fund political ads , provided that they are not officially affiliated with a specific candidate . When Colbert launched his mock run for "  President of the United States of South Carolina , " Stewart came on his show to announce that he would head up the "  Definitely Not Coordinated with Stephen Colbert Super PAC , " swearing that it would have no ties to the friend whose hand he was holding on the set . It 's become an easy talking point that this will be the most expensive presidential race in history , and that super PACs could tip the outcome . But in a special In Depth series of reports , CNN will take a hard look at that conventional wisdom -- exploring what super PACs are , what they do , who funds them , and how much power they really have . These special reports will air daily this week across all our prime-time and daytime television shows -- including "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer , " "  John King , USA , " "  Anderson Cooper 360Ëš , " "  Piers Morgan Tonight " and "  Erin Burnett OutFront " -- and across all our digital platforms . Super PACs vs. the little guy : Why do you donate ? We will go behind the scenes at American Crossroads , Karl Rove 's conservative PAC that helped launched the trend  and the conspiracy theories  . We 'll profile Sheldon Adelson , the Las Vegas billionaire who wrote a $ 5 million check to a PAC that waged a nasty air war against Mitt Romney in South Carolina , helping to pave the way for Newt Gingrich 's stunning primary victory on Saturday . We 'll air an investigation into how super PACs have outmaneuvered a bewildering obstacle course of campaign finance regulations , and given rise to calls for a whole new maze of do 's and do n'ts . At the same time , we 'll try to put some much-needed context around a subject that has become grist for knee-jerk partisan rhetoric . We 'll report on how Democrats -- Definitely Not Coordinated with President Barack Obama ! -- are also playing the super PAC game .  We 'll also profile some "  heavy hitters " who will be openly supporting the president in 2012 and others who have turned their back on him since 2008 . We 'll analyze the controversial "  Citizens United " ruling by the Supreme Court that sanctioned unlimited corporate and union donations to nonaffiliated PACs , showing how it eliminated some troublesome inequities in the previous financing rules while adding new complexities . We will also look at how much money you need nowadays to run for office at the local , congressional and Senate levels , and at how much politicians stand to make personally while in office and once they leave . As CNN 's team of political reporters and analysts decamps from South Carolina to cover the Florida primary this week , they will assess the impact that money has -- and has n't -- had in this electoral cycle so far . How much did it determine who threw their hat into the Republican ring in the first place and who stayed away ? How different would things be now if Romney and the  definitely not coordinated  PAC run by his former aides had n't had millions to savage Gingrich with negatives ads in Iowa , or if Adelson had n't put up his $ 5 million to tear down Romney in South Carolina ? And could money help alter the dynamic of the GOP primary contest yet again in Florida , given the staggering costs of organizing across such a large state and buying political ads in so many expensive local media markets ? For all the hyperventilation about super PACs , we 'll also examine all the ways in which the narrative of this campaign shows that money still is n't everything in politics : the flameout of Rick Perry 's deep-pocketed campaign , the staying power of Ron Paul 's grass-roots movement , the number of times that the "  free media " of press coverage have shifted the momentum overnight , from the latest debate to the personal scandal du jour . And on CNN.com , we will solicit iReport videos from scores of ordinary citizens across America who have donated $ 50 or less to a political campaign this year and who want to deliver a simple message : This is what I want for my money ! For here at CNN , our aim is n't to take sides or tell you what to think . It 's to give you the news and knowledge you need to make up your own mind -- and the confidence to make your own voice heard .	In an In Depth series of reports this week , CNN explores super PACs CNN will assess the impact that money has -- and has n't -- had in this electoral cycle We 'll look at what it costs to launch a campaign and how much you could make if you win
EW.com  -- Nate Berkus , the interior designer discovered by Oprah in 2002 , is engaged to Jeremiah Brent , his boyfriend of nearly a year . People reports that the star of "  The Nate Berkus Show , " which aired from 2010 to 2012 , proposed to Brent on Monday . The couple then celebrated with friends in Peru . ` Ready for Love ' : Rejected in ratings Berkus ' book , "  The Things That Matter , " is out now . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Nate Berkus is engaged to Jeremiah Brent They 've been together for nearly a year Oprah discovered the interior designer in 2002
CNN  -- On the road for 300 days a year , a Cirque du Soleil touring troupe of 175 relies on the same precise planning for its travel arrangements as it does for its acrobatic moves and dare devil routines . "  Right now , we 're in London , in the U.K. , and we 're working on making sure we have documents ready for Spain , for Russia , for France , because we 're visiting those countries by the end of the year , " said GeneviÃ ¨ ve Deslandes , the manager of the Canadian performing group 's traveling show Kooza . To plan for its visit to each city , one of the first orders of business is finding a place to stay . During their time in London earlier this year , the cast and crew stayed in the London Bridge area in 85 apartments . "  For London , it 's really nice that we have everyone in the same place , but in Madrid , we 're in 24 different places , " said Jerome Vezina , the travel and lodging coordinator . He says they work on housing for about three cities at the same time . Everyone must pack for all seasons , taking everything they will need all year round . Each of these ultimate road warriors is allowed three suitcases -- two to send ahead and one to travel with . "  We do n't live in the present -- sometimes it 's sad to say like that -- we really live in the future , " Deslandes said . More than just a circus , Kooza is a community that includes two physiotherapists and four chefs . Teachers provide schooling for the younger performers . For 15-year-old Mongolian contortionists , it 's straight from math class to warm-ups for the next show . But learning on the road has its benefits , according to Thierry DeGagne , one of the teachers . "  My student is reading about Rosetta Stone , and we 're going to visit it , " she said .	Cirque du Soleil 's Kooza show is on the road for 300 days a year A large part of the planning is making sure everyone 's documents are in order Each person is allowed three suitcases and must pack for all seasons Young performers receive schooling on the road
CNN  -- After the inquisition , the exhibition -- or an exhibition game at the very least . At the Stade de France in Paris , those who once ruled the world took their first steps towards redemption . Call it pigeon steps but this was more evolution rather than revolution . While a new generation of Spanish players may have taken to the field , the result proved to be the same . Not one single shot on target and only a few fleeting moments of encouragement , this will not be a night where those who had hoped for progress will feel reassured . Loic Remy 's 73rd minute strike condemned Spain to defeat as those in red struggled to escape the shadow which has been cast upon them since their chastening World Cup experience . It was on a Friday night on June 20 inside Rio de Janeiro 's iconic Maracana Stadium where the football 's landscape shifted in a seismic measure which so few had predicted . For so long , Spain had danced around the world like a matador teasing a bull , showing its opponent the ball before moving it away with a style and swagger which delighted so many . Its brand of ` tiki-taka ' brought success -- the 2010 World Cup sandwiched in between victories at the 2008 and 2012 European Championship finals . But in Brazil it imploded . The warning signs had been there . The Confederations Cup , which was held in Brazil 12 months before the World Cup , gave a glimpse of what was to follow . An embarrassing 3-0 defeat in the final against the host nation should have caused some sort of rethink from Vicente Del Bosque , the man who has presided over the most successful period in his nation 's history . And yet it did not come . The opening World Cup game against the Dutch was a sobering affair -- a game in where Spain was fortunate to get one in a 5-1 defeat . Against Chile , where it needed a performance to prove its doubters wrong and protect its legacy , it barely managed to raise itself beyond a whimper . But that episode has passed -- and those who once wore the red with such distinction have also moved on . Xavi Hernandez , the man whose metronomic passing allowed the supporting orchestra to perform with such an overwhelming crescendo , has retired , as too have Carles Puyol and Xabi Alonso . Iker Casillas , the goalkeeper who endured a dismal World Cup , was forced to sit on the bench , while Gerard Pique , the Barcelona defender , was not even included in the squad . No , this time Del Bosque gave an opportunity to those who may yet come to be Spain 's future . Koke , the Atletico Madrid midfielder , one of the outstanding stars of La Liga last season , began in midfield alongside club teammate Raul Garcia , while Athletic Bilbao 's Mikel San Jose started in defense . But in a disjointed first half , it was those who were absent which perhaps emerged with greater credit . The genius of Andres Iniesta , sidelined with a hip injury was sorely missed while the attacking threat posed by normal full-back Jordi Alba was sacrificed for the more defensive minded Cesar Azpilicueta . But against a France team which will host the European Championship finals in two years time , this new look Spanish side struggled to create any real opportunities . France , which exited the World Cup at the quarterfinal stage following a disappointing performance against eventual champion Germany , fielded a strong side which included Karim Benzema , the Real Madrid forward . Twice in the first half Benzema tested David de Gea in the Spanish goal but on each occasion the Manchester United man was equal to the task . The second half began in similar fashion to the first -- with France on top and playing a sense of freedom , a joie de vivre which Spain could only wish it possessed . Benzema appeared to have given his side the lead after sweeping the ball home following good work by Moussa Sissoko but the offside flag dampened any celebrations . Spain made changes in the second half with the ineffective Diego Costa , so lethal for Chelsea in the English Premier League , making way along with Cesc Fabregas . But even with the introduction of Valencia 's Paco Alcacer and Barcelona 's Pedro , the visiting side failed to create anything of note . And when France carved out an opportunity with 17 minutes remaining it was duly taken by Remy , who lashed home Mathieu Valbuena 's pullback from 10-yards . That goal did serve to awaken Spain from its slumber , David Silva firing inches wide of the far post after neat interplay with Pedro . It was only with the introduction of Silva that Spain looked capable of piecing something together , though when it did , the French defense stood firm . Defeat was not only deserved but it gave the impression that Del Bosque has still not solved his side 's problems . Macedonia awaits in Madrid on Monday in the opening qualification game for the 2016 European Championship finals -- there can be no more room for error . Italy success Elsewhere , Antonio Conte made a successful start to his reign as Italy manager with a 2-0 win over the Netherlands in Bari . Ciro Immobile and Daniel de Rossi scored the goals for the home side against a Dutch team which played for 81 minutes with 10 men after Bruno Martins Indi was sent off . In Sweden , Zlatan Ibrahimovic became his country 's leading goalscorer after netting his 49th and 50th goals in a 2-0 win over Estonia . In Liege , Belgium defeated Australia 2-0 , while Croatia overcame Cyprus 2-0 and Bosnia eased to a 3-0 win over Liechtenstein .	France defeats Spain 1-0 in Paris Loic Remy scores only goal of the game Italy defeats Netherlands 2-0 in Bari Zlatan Ibrahimovic becomes Sweden 's record goalscorer
Health.com  -- "  I 'm sorry I 'm late , it 's that I just woke up ! " laughs Sofia Vergara , at eleven-thirty on a Sunday morning in Los Angeles . "  We worked until very late last night , " says the 39-year-old in the rolling Colombian accent we 've come to love from her character , Gloria , on "  Modern Family . " About the late thing ? We 'll forgive her , because this is one busy woman . Not only was she working on a shoot for CoverGirl  she is their new spokesperson  , but she also just launched her Sofia Vergara for Kmart fashion line for women of all sizes . And she 's in not one but two new movies  "  Happy Feet Two " and "  New Year 's Eve "  , while filming her Emmy-winning ABC show . Today , the seriously funny actress -- who is mom to her own "  Manny , " 20-year-old son , Manolo -- talks about everything from dreading workouts to the plastic surgery she 's so glad she decided not to get . Q : The tagline of your fashion line is "  Work what you got . " How can we work what we 've got ? Everybody has something . Somebody has a good pair of legs , even though her midsection is a little chunky . So then you can wear tights with miniskirts or you wear tight leggings . And if you have nice cleavage , wear things that enhance that . Health.com : The biggest celebrity health stories of 2011 Q : Was there a time you did n't love how you looked ? Oh , of course ! Not everybody 's confident their whole life . For a long time , I thought that my boobs were too big and I was , like , 14 years old , and I already had these huge boobs . I was very skinny also . And now that I 'm almost 40 -- we always have our insecurities as women . We 're never happy ! Q : Can you remember the day you started realizing , "  Wait a minute , I think I 've got it going on ! " In Latin America we do learn to be more comfortable with our bodies . Women are not shy to be in a bathing suit , in a G-string . But I also did a TV commercial for Pepsi when I was 17 on the beach in a bathing suit . And after that , everybody was like , "  Oh my god , that body . " And you know , you start to feel a little bit more confident if you have people thinking that you 're so fabulous ! -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Health.com : The hottest ways Hollywood lives healthy Q : I guess it helps to have a cheerleading squad . Of course , of course ! When I moved to America , I was more voluptuous , and I felt a little different . And one time , years ago , I remember my publicist -LSB- at the time -RSB- told me , "  I think you should just reduce your boobs because nobody 's going to take you seriously here . " My mother almost had a heart attack . She was like , "  God is going to punish you ! You ca n't cut your boobs ! " I do n't regret not doing it , because now it 's become a big part of Gloria . Q : What made you realize , "  I 'm going to keep my body the way it is " ? My mother screaming at me that God was gon na punish me -- what else do you want ! -LSB- Laughing -RSB- Q : Oh , right , that would do it ! Are you anti -- plastic surgery in general ? I 'm not against it at all . But I think that you should go into it more thinking that you want to look beautiful than trying to look young . Because I do n't really think that plastic surgery can make you look young . It can make you look prettier , but if you go with the mentality of being young , I think that 's where accidents can happen . Health.com : Thinking about cosmetic surgery ? Here 's how to get a better nip or tuck Q : You 're a natural blonde , right ? Yeah , about five years ago I was auditioning with this body and the attitude of a Latin woman , and it did n't match the stereotype of the Latin women in Hollywood . I made it dark for a screen test and everybody really liked it . They did n't give me the movie , but I kept the hair color ! Q : Do you ever feel like people stereotype you ? Oh yeah , of course . But I do n't mind it . I mean , it is the reality . I am a Latin woman : I 'm voluptuous , I 'm loud , I 'm exactly what a Latin woman is -LSB- laughs -RSB- . I mean , what am I going to go against it ? No . I do n't think there 's anything bad in being a Latin woman . What is it ? That we are loud , that we are passionate , that we are voluptuous ? I prefer to be called that than , "  You 're boring ; you have a flat a ** ! " -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Q : Do you have any stay gorgeous tricks that are n't from a bottle ? My mother always told me to make the last water in your shower really cold . I 've always done it . Q : How are you most healthy ? And not so healthy ? I do n't smoke , I 've never done drugs . I think the most unhealthy thing is that I 'm obsessed with dessert . And it 's verrry hard for me not to eat it at least once a day . Q : What are your favorites ? All of 'em . I mean , I can not ... it 's like you saying , "  Which one of your kids is your favorite ? " I ca n't do that ! Oh ... God ... -LSB- her voice is wavering like it 's "  Sophie 's Choice " -RSB- it 's so difficult . Tiramisu maybe ? Or just a plain vanilla cake that 's homemade and warm and just out of the oven ? I love that . Q : You talked to Health a few years ago about how you beat thyroid cancer in 2000 . How does going through a health scare at such a young age change you ? It changes your priorities . It 's a good thing when it comes out with a happy ending because it does make you appreciate things more . But , you know , you live your life as healthy as you can . I was twentysomething and I had never smoked , I had n't eaten red meat in years , so why did I have a cancer ? No one knows . Q : What 's your biggest health regret ? You know what I wish ? My face is so much better , because I 've been putting sunblock since I was young on my face . Nobody ever told me that I needed to put it in my dÃ © colletage ! And so it is more sun-damaged than my face . It would n't have been difficult to put a little bit there . Q : Is it true you 're not a fan of gyms ? Just working out ! -LSB- Laughs -RSB- It 's paaaaaainful . I hired Gunnar Peterson , which is really fun . Because I mean , if I go alone , I 'll sabotage myself . I 'll do half of the workout . So I need somebody to force me to do it . Q : Do you complain the whole time or do you just shut up and do it ? Ohhh , the whooooole time ! I cry , I get on the floor , I 'm like , "  I 'm gon na throw up , enough ! " I mean , he does n't care . Q : How do you motivate yourself to work out if you 're too tired ? Oh my God , I look at myself in the mirror . And I 'm like , I 'm almost 40 years old and I need to go ! Q : So seeing your face in the mirror is just inspiration enough ? No , I 'm more looking at my a ** ! -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Or my legs , not my face ! Q : What is your favorite way to de-stress ? To be with my son and my boyfriend -LSB- Nick Loeb -RSB- , just doing nothing . And I love lunches with my friends -- just talking and gossiping Copyright Health Magazine 2011	"  When I moved to America , I was more voluptuous , " Sofia Vergara says "  I do n't really think that plastic surgery can make you look young , " she says "  I think the most unhealthy thing is that I 'm obsessed with dessert , " she says
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Seven crew members from a South Korean cargo ship remained missing Tuesday after the boat sank Monday in the South China Sea , the South Korean Foreign Ministry said . Fourteen people have been rescued , according to the ministry . The ship was headed from Penang , Malaysia , to China and disappeared after sending out an emergency signal Monday afternoon . While six South Koreans and eight crew members from Myanmar were rescued by nearby vessels , seven seamen are still missing . The Foreign Ministry said it is still hopeful , as one crew member was rescued at noon on Tuesday -- almost 20 hours after the ship requested assistance . Hong Kong rescuers have deployed two helicopters and seven ships to help with the search and rescue operation , while two Chinese naval vessels were en route to the scene , according to the Foreign Ministry . The 15,000-ton sunken vessel is the same ship that was hijacked by Somali pirates in 2008 when eight sailors were held captive for 37 days , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . The cause of the sinking so far is unknown .	Foreign Ministry : One person was rescued Tuesday , about 20 hours after a distress call It is unclear why the ship sank on Monday Report : The 15,000-ton sunken vessel was hijacked by Somali pirates in 2008
CNN  -- He is the heir apparent to Tiger Woods , on the course and off it . By the end of Monday , Rory McIlroy 's bank balance will take a step closer to matching that of the most marketable star the sport has ever seen . A bumper multi-year deal with Nike , reported by various media outlets to be worth over $ 200 million , will propel the Northern Irishman into a stratosphere inhabited only by the richest men and women in sport . Though McIlroy may only have two major championships to his name compared to Woods ' 14 , at 23 he has time on his side as he strives to eclipse the achievements of his new stable mate . And while Woods has n't been able to recapture the form he showed prior to news of his extra-marital affairs breaking , Nike 's courting of McIlroy is an attempt to pin down a star of the present and future who comes with less baggage , according to a sports business expert . "  Nike is in a difficult position , " Simon Chadwick , professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at Coventry University told CNN , "  because their number one golf property historically has fallen on hard times , relatively speaking . "  When Tiger Woods crashed his car into a fire hydrant in 2009 , Phil Knight of Nike described it as a minor blip . Commercially that 's quite interesting because I think they genuinely believed there was still some sustainability and financial value in the Woods brand heading into the future . But that just has n't transpired . "  Tiger has n't won a major since then and his public reputation has n't recovered to where it was . That 's a problem for Nike because what you 've got to keep in mind is that Nike essentially built their whole golf business on the back of Woods and for a long time the vast majority of their commercial activity and their marketing was based around him . And it was very successful . "  They used not to have a significant golf business but now they do . The problem is that to a large extent , they 've been left high and dry . They now have a global golf business without a credible brand spokesperson . "  So essentially what they 've been looking for is an heir apparent , somebody with the same competitive characteristics as Woods but without the baggage , as well as somebody who can conceivably carry the brand into the future . That 's why I think the length of the deal is absolutely crucial . "  It seems to me that what they 're attempting to do is to build a sustainable business on the back of McIlroy over the next 10 years , just as they did with Woods over the first 13 years of their time together . " At a stroke , the deal transforms McIlroy into one of the hottest commercial properties in sport . According to the Forbes list of 2012 , McIlroy 's deal with Nike will make him highest paid young sports star in the world , taking him well above the $ 17.4 million he earned in the year up to July 2012 . But he still has some way to go to catch Woods , who raked in total earnings of $ 59.4 million in the same time period . Both trail behind the world 's top two highest grossing sports stars , boxers Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao , who earned $ 85 million and $ 62 million respectively . While Nike 's outlay on Woods and McIlroy is significant , it will seem like money well spent should their twin titans end up battling it out going down the stretch at many a major tournament in the years to come . But with both of golf 's biggest stars now operating under the same umbrella , even if they do n't end up slugging it out for honors on the course , the prospect of both players being available for marketing opportunities is a big draw for Nike , according to Tony Martin , a sport , event and project management consultant at Qatar Atlantic College in Doha . Boulden : Which Nike star will Rory mirror ? "  In many respects this is a coup for Nike as they now have some leverage on the two of the most marketable figures in the world of sport , " he told CNN . "  Golf fans everywhere are longing for the head to head battles between these two , given their considerable differences in age , style and personalities . "  Nike will certainly use their leverage to nurture such competition by ensuring their schedules are aligned to foster maximum exposure to such opportunities . When this begins to happen consistently , and I believe it will soon , Nike reaps the unbelievable rewards . "  This deal is not taken lightly and I am sure all of Nike 's significant market research is verifying a likeability scale for this young man  McIlroy  that is off the charts . " Just as Nike will hope McIlroy can match Woods ' prowess when it comes to bagging majors and green jackets , they could be forgiven for hoping the 23-year-old wo n't attract any salacious headlines away from the greens . The sports giant recently dropped disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong after he was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles for doping offenses , and withstood a barrage of bad press for their client when news of Woods ' extra marital affairs broke . McIlroy 's only negative press to date has come via the odd misjudged quote -- which can be explained as a byproduct of his youthful exuberance and refreshing honesty in interviews -- and though he has earned plaudits for keeping his feet on the ground , Martin says there is no guarantee how he 'll react if he reaches the level of fame Woods currently orbits . "  Rory represents a much different personality than Tiger and on the surface , epitomizes a safe investment for Nike , " he said . "  However like Tiger , he appears to be a marketer 's dream . The problem is , no one truly knows how any individual is going to react to all this money , fame and adoration until they have lived with it . "  These superstar athletes live in a fish bowl where their every comment , action and especially reactions are fodder for the media outlets around the world . Already , controversy is circling with regard to Rory 's Olympic participation decision and legal issues with previous sponsors . " The first time the world will see Nike 's new double act in action will be on Thursday when McIlroy and Woods line up for the HSBC Championship in Abu Dhabi .	Nike announces multi-year sponsorship deal with golf 's world No. 1 Rory McIlroy Sports firm see McIlroy as heir apparent to Tiger Woods according to experts Nike to reap the rewards of two of golf 's top names competing against each other Bumper deal catapults McIlroy into one of sports ' biggest earners
CNN  -- Talk about creative coping mechanisms for being alone -- from the blogger who photographs selfies with his imaginary girlfriend to the company that takes your stuffed animals on vacation without you , Japan appears to be cornering the market on accommodating solo travelers . You can now add the "  anti-loneliness " Moomin House Cafe to the menagerie of "  wait , what ? " strokes of Japanese brilliance . We first wrote about the Moomin House Cafe in 2012 , but the cafe went viral a few weeks ago and has since been besieged with customers wanting a taste of its "  anti-loneliness " magic . CNN 's Yuki Arawaka paid a visit  see gallery photos  following the cafe 's new surge in popularity . To save its lone customers from the awkward perils of solo dining , the cafe kindly seats diners with stuffed animal companions called Moomins , a family of white hippo-like characters created by Finnish illustrator and writer Tove Jansson . Moomins are brought to each table so that patrons -- solo or in groups -- can have a turn sitting with them . Weekday mornings are the quietest time , while weekends are packed all day long . Sukiyabashi Jiro : The world 's best sushi bar Respecting Moomin culture To honor the characters ' heritage , Moomin House Cafe serves bread made from Finnish rye , and offers food and pastries in the form of Moomin characters . Cafe staff say there have been long lines almost every day since its "  lonely-friendly " concept went viral . It 's a long overdue turn in the spotlight -- the cafe has been open since 2003 . There are now three Moomin Cafe locations in Japan -- the Tokyo Dome location is especially popular with Dome concert goers . Beloved for their whimsical adventures and diverse array of characters , Moomins are celebrated in their home country of Finland and anime-obsessed Japan . This year marks the 100th anniversary of the birth of their creator , Tove Jansson , who was born in 1914 and died in 2001 . A Moomin theme park is a popular destination in Finland . Another one is slated to open next year in Japan . Moomin House Cafe , Tokyo Dome City LaQua shop , 1-1-1 Kasuga , Bunkyo , Tokyo ; +81 3 5842 6300 ; 8 a.m.-10 p.m. 11 extremely practical Japan travel tips	At Tokyo 's Moomin House Cafe , lone patrons are seated with a stuffed animal for company The cafe has seen a surge in visitors since its "  anti-loneliness " concept went viral Originally from Finland , Moomin characters are popular in Japan
Mental Floss  -- Park Place , Boardwalk , and a hidden map with a secret escape route ? For Allied POWs during World War II , Monopoly ® games came equipped with real-life "  get out of jail free " cards . During World War II , the British secret service hatched a master plan to smuggle escape gear to captured Allied soldiers inside Germany . Their secret weapon ? Monopoly boxes . The original notion was simple enough : Find a way to sneak useful items into prison camps in an unassuming form . But the idea to use Monopoly came from a series of happy coincidences , all of which started with maps . Smooth as silk Maps are harder to smuggle than you might think . They fall apart when wet , and they make a lot of noise when unfolded . Allied officials feared paper maps might draw the attention of German troops , so they turned to an unlikely source for help -- silk . Not only would silk maps hold up in all kinds of weather , but they 'd also come with the life-saving benefit of being whisper quiet . To produce these silent maps , the Brits turned to John Waddington Ltd. , a company that had recently perfected the process of printing on silk and was already manufacturing silk escape maps for British airmen to carry . What else was Waddington known for ? You guessed it -- being the licensed manufacturer of Monopoly outside the United States . Suddenly , the popular board game seemed like the perfect way to get supplies inside German-run POW camps . At the time , the Nazis were hard-pressed to get provisions to their own troops , much less to the Allied soldiers they 'd captured . Wishing to hide this less-than-stellar upholding of the Geneva Convention , they happily welcomed Red Cross aid packages for POWs . So throwing Monopoly games into the care kits along with food and clothing was met with little scrutiny . Monopoly was already a well-known game throughout Europe , and the German guards saw it as the perfect way for their detainees to remain occupied for hours . Community Chest In 1941 , the British Secret Service approached Waddington with its master plan , and before long , production of a "  special edition " Monopoly set was underway . For the top-secret mission , the factory set aside a small , secure room -- unknown to the rest of its employees -- where skilled craftsmen sat and painstakingly carved small niches and openings into the games ' cardboard boxes . Along with the standard thimble , car , and Scotty dog , the POW version included additional "  playing " pieces , such as a metal file , a magnetic compass , and of course , a regional silk escape map , complete with marked safe-houses along the way -- all neatly concealed in the game 's box . Even better , some of the Monopoly money was real . Actual German , Italian , and French currency was placed underneath the play money for escapees to use for bribes . Also , because of its collaboration with the International Red Cross , Waddington could track which sets would be delivered to which camps , meaning escape maps specific to the area could be hidden in each game set . Allied soldiers and pilots headed to the front lines were told to look for the special edition game if they were captured . The identifying mark to check for ? A red dot in the corner of the Free Parking space . Get out of jail free By the end of the war , it 's estimated that more than 35,000 Allied POWs had escaped from German prison camps . And while there 's no way to set an exact figure on it , more than a few of those escapees certainly owe their breakout to the classic board game . But despite its brave and noble role in all of it , Monopoly 's heroic war deeds would go unrecognized for decades . Strict secrecy about the plan was maintained during the war , not only so that the British could continue using the game to help POWs , but also because Waddington feared a targeted reprisal by German bombers . After the war , all remaining sets were destroyed , and everyone involved in the plan , including the escaped prisoners , were told to keep quiet . In the event of another large-scale war , Allied officials also wanted to make sure the seemingly innocent board game could go back into action . Uncle Pennybags goes behind the Iron Curtain Believe it or not , it was n't long before Monopoly found itself in the middle of yet another international conflict -- this time defending itself from Communist leaders in Russia . Being that Monopoly is essentially a game in which one player gets rich at the expense of others becoming poor , Soviet officials had long seen the board game as an overt symbol of capitalistic frivolity and greed . So , as its popularity soared , Communists took more and more efforts to curb the enthusiasm . Cuba , the U.S.S.R. , and other Eastern Bloc countries outlawed the game for fear it would corrupt the public with positive notions about a free-market economy . Soviet leaders even tried coming up with their own Marxist-themed spin-off games designed to highlight the virtues of frugality . The title of one such knockoff from Communist-era Hungary loosely translated to "  Save , " while another in Russia had a name that roughly meant "  Manage . " But bans and spin-offs could n't hold down the individualistic drive of the human spirit . Monopoly became an underground success , secretly coveted and played behind the Iron Curtain as a way of escaping the drudgery of Soviet life . It was n't until 1987 , four years before the collapse of the Soviet Union , that Monopoly was allowed to be legally sold there . Today , Monopoly is licensed in more than 80 countries , and no fewer than 200 spin-off versions exist . Of course , playing it in the cozy confines of your living room , it 's easy to take for granted that there was a time when , to many , Monopoly was a lot more than just a game . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Monopoly board games helped Allied troops in WWII Red Cross gave special games to troops in POW camps They contained maps , compasses , money The troops used the items to escape to safety
New research focusing on underage Mexican immigrants trying to cross the border illegally into the United States shows these minors do n't put aside their American dream easily , even if caught multiple times by immigration authorities . According to a new report published by the Pew Research Center , out of 11,000 Mexican minors who tried to cross the border illegally between last October 1 and May 31 , "  only 2,700 children  24 % of all the apprehensions  reported being apprehended for the first time in their lives . " This means that more than three-quarters of the children have been caught trying to cross the border illegally more than once . According to the report , 15 % of these would-be migrants had been detained by immigration authorities and deported at least six times . Mark Hugo Lopez , Director of Hispanic Research at the Pew Research Center , said his team started analyzing the data with no preconceived notions . "  We had no sense of how many times young people from Mexico had tried to cross the border , " Lopez said . "  In conversations with officials at the Mexican embassy we found out they had very specific data about the minors apprehended by immigration authorities , information that they have been collecting . " The data from Mexican officials was then checked against data collected by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and researchers found there was correlation . U.S. immigration authorities notify Mexican consular officials of apprehensions per agreements between the two nations . When it comes to reasons why these children are choosing to leave home , Lopez said poverty and increased violence are the two main factors . "  Most of these young children are coming from border states , particularly Tamaulipas  south of Texas  which accounts for more than one quarter  3,077  of all those apprehended , " Lopez said . Other Mexican states with large number of migrant children are Sonora , which is south of Arizona , 1,160 ; Oaxaca , 884 ; Guerrero , 750 : Guanajuato , 716 ; and Michoacán , 645 . Tamaulipas has been plagued by violence over the last few years as two rival Mexican criminal organizations battle for territory . Michoacán saw an increase in violence over the last year as groups of vigilantes took up arms to drive away a drug cartel . Unlike Central American children , Mexican minors are deported almost immediately . A 2008 human trafficking law requires migrant children to be processed by the Department of Health and Human Services ' Office of Refugee Resettlement  ORR  . But the law does n't apply to minors from the two U.S. neighbors to the north and south , Canada and Mexico . Lopez said there are also demographic differences between Central Americans and Mexicans . "  Central Americans are traveling a long distance , so crossing a second time is not very easy . Another big difference is that most Mexican underage migrants are males in their late teens , whereas Central Americans come in all ages , some younger than 12 , and the number of girls tends to be higher , " he said .	A Pew Center report looked at attempted illegal border crossings by Mexican minors The report counted 11,000 who tried to cross between October 1 and May 31 Fifteen percent of those minors had been caught and deported at least six times Poverty and violence in Mexico are often reasons children leave home for the U.S.
Hong Kong  CNN  There 's a booming black market in Hong Kong , but it 's not for fake Apple Watches , or the iPhone . Instead , people are going crazy for tins of butter cookies . Tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny 's cookies -- at $ 9 a tin . Its popularity has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs , and the original store has signs warning against buying ` fake ' Jenny 's cookies . The tiny shop , located in Tsim Sha Tsui , one of the city 's main shopping districts , is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the "  little bear cookies " as they are known across Asia . People are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70 % mark-up yards away , something the bakery also tries to discourage . A few meters away from the long cookie line , old ladies hold up paper signs advertising the cookies for sale . But when they see cameras approaching , they scurry away , only to reappear on another street corner . The frenzy in Hong Kong over the buttery treats is by no means an isolated example . In other parts of the world , food mania has erupted , swiftly winning people 's hearts and stomachs , only to fizzle out in a few months . From cronuts to ramen burgers , here are some foods that people around the world have spent hours of their lives waiting for . Were they worth it ?	Tourists and locals queue for several hours to get their hands on Jenny 's butter cookies People are even hired to stand in line to buy the cookies , which are later sold at an up-to-70 % mark-up Food frenzies have also taken place in other parts of the world
The charges against singer Chris Brown and his bodyguard stemming from a weekend fight were reduced to simple assault misdemeanors Monday . The two men , who had spent the previous 36 hours in a Washington jail , entered a packed courtroom in leg irons and handcuffs , but at the end they were unshackled and released without bail Monday afternoon . Brown , 24 , was ordered to report to his California probation officer within 48 hours and to stay at least 100 yards away from the man he is accused of assaulting early Sunday . Both men must return to court on November 24 . "  Christopher Brown committed no crime , " his attorney Danny Onorato told reporters after the hearing . "  We understand that his security acted to protect Mr. Brown and his property , as he is authorized to do under District of Columbia law . We are confident that Mr. Brown will be exonerated of any wrongdoing . " He and bodyguard Christopher Hollosy had been facing felony assault charges , the Washington Metropolitan Police Department said . The arrest could have serious legal consequences for Brown because he is on probation for the felony domestic violence conviction relating to his 2009 attack on former girlfriend Rihanna . The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office is not commenting Monday about Brown 's arrest , but prosecutors have been aggressive in the past year in monitoring Brown 's compliance with rules of his California probation . They have twice filed probation violation charges against the singer this year , resulting in an additional 1,000 hours of community labor being added to his sentence for beating Rihanna . The next step in Los Angeles is for Brown 's probation officer to prepare a report on the arrest for Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin , who had already ordered Brown to appear in his court on November 20 for a probation status hearing . Police say Brown and Hollosy attacked a man with their fists outside the W Hotel in downtown Washington at 4:25 a.m. Sunday . A police incident report obtained by CNN identified the alleged victim as Isaac Adams Parker , 20 , of Beltsville , Maryland . Parker did not respond to a CNN call for comment . Parker told police that he tried to jump into a photo that Brown was posing for with a female fan on the sidewalk when the singer said , "  I 'm not down with that gay s -- t " and "  I feel like boxing , " the police report said . Parker said that Brown then punched him in the face with his closed fist , the report said . Parker said Brown 's bodyguard -- who stands 6-foot-5 and weighs 240 pounds -- stepped between them and punched Parker in the face , the report said . The bodyguard then grabbed Brown by his arm and pulled him toward his tour bus , which was parked nearby , it said . Brown and the bodyguard were taken into custody and were being held at the Second District police station , police said . Both men were later transferred to a central jail cell block for processing , police said , Parker was treated for a bruised and swollen face at a hospital and released , police spokesman Anthony Clay told CNN . Brown was in Washington to host a "  homecoming party " at The Park at Fourteen nightclub Saturday night , according to his Twitter feed , just four blocks away from where he was arrested Sunday morning . His representative and lawyer did not respond to CNN calls for comment Sunday . In August : Brown ordered to 1,000 hours community labor Brown was arrested in February 2009 for punching Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street . The altercation left the face of Rihanna , also a chart-topping singer , bruised and bloody on the eve of the Grammy Awards . He entered a guilty plea seven months later and was sentenced to serve five years of probation and ordered to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service . " His probation reports were glowing until the past year , when the district attorney 's office accused him of not completing the 1,400 hours of community labor , which he was allowed to do in his home state of Virginia . Brown calls out Jay-Z in new interview He was also accused of hit-and-run after a minor traffic crash this year . The driver of the other car told investigators that Brown "  went ballistic " and screamed at her after his Range Rover rear-ended her Mercedes on a Los Angeles street . In August , Brown 's lawyer reached a settlement with prosecutors to end their efforts to revoke his probation . The deal called for Brown to complete another 1,000 hours of community service . Probation rules require Brown to stay out of all legal trouble . Even an arrest that does not lead to a conviction could result in a probation violation charge . Chris Brown thinking of quitting music ?	"  Christopher Brown committed no crime , " his attorney says Brown and his bodyguard had been facing felony assault charges The arrest could have serious legal consequence for Brown , who is on probation Brown 's probation officer will prepare a report on the D.C. arrest for a Los Angeles judge
Interim Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov ordered the withdrawal of armed forces from Crimea Monday , citing Russian threats to the lives of military staff and their families . Russian troops have seized most of Ukraine 's bases in the peninsula , including a naval base at Feodosia on Monday . Russia annexed Crimea last week after a controversial referendum that Ukraine and the West say was illegal . "  The acting President of Ukraine has given an order to the Ukraine Defense Ministry for the withdrawal of all Ukrainian forces from Crimea , " a spokeswoman for Turchynov told CNN . The soldiers ' families will be evacuated as well . Earlier , Russian troops stormed and seized the Ukrainian naval base in Feodosia , a port in Crimea , a Ukrainian Defense Ministry spokesman said . Witnesses said several Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters were involved in the raid . Between 60 and 80 Ukrainian troops were captured and taken from the base , said Vladislav Seleznev , a Ukrainian Defense Ministry spokesman in Crimea . Ukrainians had said they would leave the base if they were allowed to take their weapons with them . Russian forces consolidated their control of the Black Sea peninsula over the weekend . On Saturday , six Russian special forces armored personnel carriers broke through the gates of Belbek air base , firing warning shots into the air . In separate incidents , pro-Russian self-defense forces stormed the Novofederoskoe military base as well as a Ukrainian ship , the Slavutych . On a trip to Crimea Monday , Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu appointed Rear Adm. Denis Berezovsky deputy commander of the Russian Black Sea Fleet , Russia 's ITAR-Tass reported . That fleet is based in the Crimean city of Sevastopol , making it strategically important to Moscow . Shoigu also met with former Ukrainian military personnel , who are now willing to serve in the Russian army , state news agency RIA-Novosti reported . NATO concerns NATO 's top military commander expressed concern Sunday about the buildup of Russian forces on Ukraine 's border . Supreme Allied Commander Europe Gen. Philip Breedlove said that Russia had a large force on Ukraine 's eastern border and that he was worried it could threaten Moldova 's separatist Transnistria region . The Russian force "  at the Ukrainian border now to the east is very , very sizable and very , very ready , " said Breedlove , a U.S. Air Force general . Russia said the presence of its forces complied with international agreements . Moscow annexed Crimea after a snap referendum in the autonomous region last week that appeared to produce an overwhelming majority of votes in favor of leaving Ukraine to join Russia . "  Russia is acting much more like an adversary than a partner , " Breedlove said , speaking at an event held in Brussels , Belgium , by the German Marshall Fund think tank . A senior U.S. defense official told CNN Russia "  has enough troops that we believe they could move against Ukraine at any time now . " The official emphasized that Washington still does not know Russia 's intentions on the border , despite statements by Moscow that the troops are there for exercises . U.S. intelligence also indicates that the Russian forces are positioned to possibly go after three Ukrainian cities : Kharkiv , Luhansk and Donetsk . Russian forces have moved so close to the border , there would be no warning time , and the U.S. would likely only see an incursion as it was happening , the official said . Claims on Crimea Ukraine 's new leaders -- who took office after months of protests forced President Viktor Yanukovych , a Russian ally , from office -- as well as the United States and other Western powers say Crimea is still a part of Ukraine . Russia insists its actions are legitimate . Crimea had belonged to Russia until 1954 , when it was given to Ukraine . The region also has a majority ethnic Russian population and other long historic ties to Russia . Moscow has doggedly pursued its own course , even as Western leaders have denounced its actions as violations of Ukraine 's sovereignty and a breach of international law . Diplomacy at The Hague U.S. President Barack Obama arrived at The Hague on Monday for a G7 summit on threats to nuclear security . The G7 is a group of the world 's seven wealthiest industrialized nations . Diplomats at the G7 were talking about Ukraine on the sidelines of the long-planned summit . "  Europe and America are united in our support of the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people , " Obama said . "  We 're united in imposing a cost on Russia for its actions so far . " Obama and other world leaders decided to end Russia 's role in G8 , the group of leading industrialized nations plus Russia , the White House said Monday . "  International law prohibits the acquisition of part or all of another state 's territory through coercion or force , " the White House statement said . "  To do so violates the principles upon which the international system is built . We condemn the illegal referendum held in Crimea in violation of Ukraine 's constitution . " Earlier in the day , Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said being kicked out of G8 would be no big deal . "  G8 is an informal organization that does not give out any membership cards and , by its definition , can not remove anyone , " he said during a news conference . "  All the economic and financial questions are decided in G20 , and G8 has the purpose of existence as the forum of dialogue between the leading Western countries and Russia . "  If our Western partners believe that this organizational format has outlived  its usefulness  , so be it . " Ahead of Monday 's G7 meeting , a representative for British Prime Minister David Cameron said Monday that no G8 meeting -- a group of the world 's seven top industrial powers plus Russia -- would take place in Russia this year as previously planned . The G7 had already suspended preparations for a planned G8 summit in the Russian city of Sochi . Monday 's comment by Cameron 's representative ruling the meeting out altogether comes as the West tries to increase Moscow 's isolation over its actions in Ukraine . A planned EU-Russia summit also has been canceled . Also at the nuclear summit Monday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met with Ukrainian Interim Foreign Minister Andrii Deshchytsia and , separately , with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . During his meeting with Lavrov , Kerry expressed concern about Russian troops amassed on the Ukrainian border , U.S.State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . Also Monday , Russia 's Foreign Ministry announced it was issuing retaliatory sanctions against 13 Canadian public figures , in response to a similar move by Canada last week against Russian officials over the Crimean situation , RIA-Novosti reported . Russia is banning the Canadian officials -- including several aides to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper -- from entering the country , according to RIA-Novosti . EU leaders imposed a new round of sanctions against 12 people last week , bringing the total number of people facing EU asset freezes and travel bans to 33 . Canada also announced its own sanctions against Russian officials last week . The United States announced its own new round of sanctions against 20 people and a bank that U.S. officials say is linked to Putin and senior Russian officials . Washington had already announced sanctions on 11 people . Russia responded with its own list of sanctions against a number of U.S. lawmakers and officials .	NATO commander concerned about buildup of Russian forces on Ukraine 's border Russian threats cited as reason for withdrawal , spokeswoman says Russia seizes naval base in Crimea , captures troops U.S. , other western nations kick Russia out of G *
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- He fell into the jewelry industry 38 years ago almost by accident but Labi Kapo is today a master goldsmith whose dazzling hand-crafted creations cost thousands of dollars . His professional journey started in 1976 when , fresh out of school , Kapo entered a London jewelry store to pay the last installment for a watch he 'd bought . But whilst there , the shop 's owners asked him whether he 'd like to work for them for a couple of weeks . The young man agreed and has never looked back ever since . Born in Lagos , Nigeria , Kapo was raised in London where he also perfected his craft by working at some of the UK capital 's finest jewelry stores . After years of learning from his mentors , Kapo branched out and started creating his own pieces . Throughout the years , Kapo made several trips to various African countries , including Ghana , Sierra Leone and Nigeria , to learn more about the industry . "  Africa has been blessed , truly blessed , with abundance of all the raw materials in which to thrive for the jewelry industry , " says Kapo . Eventually he decided to start his own business back in the continent -- In 2002 , Kapo opened his own line , Akapo Jewels , in South Africa . Nestled in the classy Hyde Park suburb in Johannesburg , Kapo has spent the last decade designing and creating intricate pieces of jewelry for his elite clientele across the globe , including customized handcrafted pieces for some of the top auction houses like Christie 's and Sotheby 's . When he 's not designing unique pieces , Kapo spends much of his time teaching local youth the knowledge he has gleaned throughout the years as part of his efforts to help locals benefit from their land 's valuable resources . Apart from teaching platinum manufacturing at the University of Johannesburg , he 's also set up a business and training facility at his workspace . "  I 'm one of those craftsmen who believe that when I 'm teaching you , I 'm teaching you to be better than me , " he says . "  It 's pointless to have all this information in my head . I need to transfer it to the next generation . They are the future so this is what my plan is and I believe I 'm going in the right direction . " Watch the video below to explore the rest of Kapo 's work . READ THIS : Are human viruses killing world 's last gorillas ? READ THIS : How these funky condoms could save lives READ THIS : The day that changed Kenya forever	Labi Kapo is a Lagos-born master goldsmith He spent many years perfecting his craft in England In 2002 , Kapo set up his own business in South Africa
CNN  -- Since China took part in the Olympic Games in 1984 after a three-decade absence , competitive sports have served one purpose -- to build national pride . Athletes ' victories on the global stage made us proud of the new China . The new "  open " China was full of hopes , dreams and opportunities . A strong , united nation working together to build a better tomorrow was the higher calling for all of us . To serve this calling , many kids who were identified as potential elite athletes were enrolled into the government supported "  sports schools . " If they trained hard and were talented enough , they would make it to represent their city , their province and then one day their country . When there is a demand , there was also a reward . Chinese Olympic champions were well rewarded through national and local government , both in terms of compensation and social status . Lang Ping , the star of the 1984 women 's volleyball team that won a gold medal at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics , was the Michael Jordan of China . As the son of a sports reporter , I was fortunate enough to know her when I was a kid . The fact that I knew her made me very popular at school , pretty much like telling everybody at school today that Kobe Bryant is your friend . In 2008 , China won 51 gold medals  100 medals overall  and topped the gold medal tally at the Beijing Olympic Games . After this astounding success , many started to ask what 's next ? Economic growth means that people have more options in terms of career . It is more and more difficult to find kids  and parents  who want to join the "  sports school " system and aim for that one-in-a-million shot to become an Olympic gold medalist . Academic performance offers a more certain path to success . Better grades means better universities , better universities means better jobs . At least that has been  and will probably still be for a long time  the belief of many parents and teachers . There is nothing wrong with the obsession towards winning , after all , that 's what elite competitive sports is all about but there are other emerging trends that might change the face of sports in China . A growing urban population and middle class are seeking a better quality of life and personal well-being . In 2013 , more than 750,000 people participated in a running competition or marathon , up 50 percent on 2012 , according to the China Track and Field Association In 2014 , there will be 53 marathons registered at the China Track and Field Association and this number is projected to grow at least at 20 percent annually . Compared to the 200 marathons held each year in Japan , China still has a long way to go but there is a new enthusiasm for sport at the grassroots level . However , we also see that more kids  and parents  are embracing sport and the values it teaches . We operate a sports academy in Shanghai that teaches fencing , squash and Thai boxing . Through a season of sports training and competition , we help kids to build confidence , work in teams and develop leadership skills . These are the qualities that will help them to secure that better future over and beyond their academic performance . The Chinese government and many Chinese educators are starting to see the value of sports in education . They could do more by making sports an important part of school grades . Six years after the Beijing Olympic Games , there is another Olympic Games currently taking place in China this month -- the 2nd Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing . This Games is different . At the opening ceremony , International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach urged participants to take selfies to show off their good fortune and stressed the importance of sharing , learning and making friends . Most people do n't know who won the first gold medal or how many gold medals China has won . In today 's China , the demand for sports has gone beyond Olympic gold medals and national pride . Sport in China : What 's wrong with winning ?	The meaning of competitive sports is changing in China A growing urban population and middle class are seeking a better quality of life and personal well-being through sports In 2013 , more than 750,000 people participated in a running competition or marathon More kids are embracing sport and the values it teaches
CNN  -- Tensions boiled in a volatile Syrian community Thursday as thousands turned up for the funerals of people killed in unrest . Meanwhile , Syria 's government blamed the instability on outsiders and announced plans to study popular demands , including the lifting of the country 's decades-old emergency law . Syria is the latest in a string of Arabic-speaking nations beset with discontent over economic and human rights issues . Syrian discontent centers on Daraa , a southern city in the impoverished country 's agricultural region , where violence has been escalating between security forces and anti-government protesters since late last week . Wissam Tarif , executive director of the human rights organization Insan , said at least 34 people have been killed in Daraa in the past two days . Other activists believe many more have been killed . Tarif said as many as 20,000 people followed the funeral procession for those who died in the violence , including a conscripted soldier who was reportedly shot and wounded because he refused to fire on demonstrators . A witness , who asked not to be named , said 10 "  martyrs " were buried following afternoon prayers , with the people in the procession mourning the loss of the victims and chanting anti-government slogans . Kamal Aswad , a political activist in Daraa , said people in the funeral procession were chanting : "  Those who kill their own people are traitors " and he said activists are trying to generate support for a big protest on Friday -- a "  Day of Martyrs " to be held after Friday prayers . Syrian state TV portrayed an opposite picture of the public mood . Scenes broadcast Thursday included fireworks and crowds of pro-government supporters waving pictures of President Bashar al-Assad and shouting , "  with our bloods and our souls , we defend you Bashar ! " The footage was marked onscreen as "  live , " but it could not be determined when the footage actually originated . Also Thursday , state TV broadcast an "  urgent " message that read : "  Following a directive by President Assad , all those who were detained in the latest events were released . " It could not be determined whether the statement was true . State TV reported on Wednesday that the government fired the provincial governor amid the demonstrations . The Obama administration on Thursday released a statement condemning "  the Syrian government 's brutal repression of demonstrations , in particular the violence and killings of civilians at the hands of security forces . " "  We call on the Syrian government to exercise restraint and respect the rights of its people and call on all citizens to exercise their rights peacefully , " the White House statement read . Al-Assad 's government on Thursday announced a number of measures apparently addressing protesters ' demands . Among them , decrees to cut taxes and raise government workers salaries by 1,500 Syrian pounds  $ 32.60 US  a month , as well as pledges to provide more press freedoms , increased job opportunities and curbs on government corruption . The government also said it would study lifting the country 's emergency law and new legislation that would license political parties . Syria 's emergency law has been in effect since 1963 . The law allows the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . It also bars detainees who have n't been charged from filing court complaints or from having a lawyer present during interrogations . The government also announced Thursday it will form a committee "  to contact and listen to citizens in Daraa . " Bouthina Shaaban , a spokeswoman for al-Assad , passed along his condolences to those killed in Daraa and said the president "  would not accept any bloodshed . " "  I was an eyewitness to his excellency 's orders that no live bullets would be used against the demonstrators , " Shaaban said . Shaaban also said the government is investigating the unrest in Daraa and that there are "  indications and proof that there is a foreign financial support . " "  Daraa was chosen because of its geographic location near the borders and how easy it is to transfer money and weapons to the city , " Shaaban said , referring to the area 's proximity to Jordan . The Jordanian government on Thursday released a statement on state TV denying "  as baseless , reports that fighters and vehicles loaded with weapons entered Syria from inside Jordanian territory . " "  Such reports are nothing but media allegations that will not affect the good relations between the two countries , " the statement read . Syria is a diverse country , largely Sunni Muslim but ruled by the minority Alawite Muslim sect . It is also populated by Christians and members of the Druze sect . Along with Arabs , it has a significant Kurdish minority , which has been restive in recent years , and an Armenian population . Those populations are controlled by a government that human rights groups consider one of the most repressive in the world . In 2010 , Syria ranked 127th out of 178 countries in transparency and accountability to the public , according to the international government watchdog group Transparency International . On a scale of 0 to 10 , the lowest score representing the world 's most corrupt governments , Syria scored a 2.5 , Transparency International reported . Human rights groups estimate that tens of thousands of people were killed in Syria during the three decades under the rule of Hafez al-Assad , the current president 's father . Bashar al-Assad came to power in 2000 promising reforms , but aside from implementing some economic reforms , failed to deliver , according to human rights groups . Joshua Landis , who runs the Syria Comment blog and is director of the Center for Middle East Studies and associate professor at University of Oklahoma , told CNN that the unrest in Daraa is spurred by a number of factors , widespread poverty , a dislike for the emergency law and the arrests two weeks ago of young people who scrawled anti-government graffiti . It is also driven by Sunni resentment against a government controlled by Alawites , among them , al-Assad . So far , Landis said , the rallies been localized to Daraa but it 's possible that there will be demonstrations elsewhere on Friday . "  Daraa is very poor and Islamic -- it optimizes everything that troubles Syria -- a failed economy , the population explosion , a bad governor and overbearing security forces , " Landis wrote in his blog . "  It is an explosive brew . Even if the government can contain violence to Daraa for the time-being , protests will spread . The wall of fear has broken . Apathy of the young has turned to anger , " Because there are so few sources available from what has been a closed , authoritarian society , human rights activists are trying to get a handle on the number of casualties and the context behind the unrest in Daraa , which is a more conservative , tribal and close-knit community . Amnesty International said it has been "  deeply disturbed by reports of multiple deaths " in Daraa , as security forces fired "  at protesters and people coming to the aid of the injured . " Along with many killed in the violence over the past 36 hours there were 92 confirmed arrests , according to Neil Sammonds an Amnesty researcher on Syria , Lebanon and Jordan . Sammonds said there are reports of army snipers shooting women carrying water and an 11-year-old girl . It 's "  hard to imagine these are front-line protesters , " Sammonds said . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Mia Aquino contributed to this report	Syrian president decrees salary hikes for state workers , tax cuts Syrian state TV broadcasts pro-government rallies . The White House condemns "  brutal repression " by the Syrian government Thousands show up for the funerals of a soldier and others
CNN  -- Hopefully , the third time 's the charm . According to People , Hugh Jackman has undergone a third skin cancer treatment . The actor recently had another basal cell carcinoma removed . His rep told the publication that Jackman is "  okay now . " He posted a picture of a surfboard in the sand , from the video for the 1998 song "  Everybody 's Free  To Wear Sunscreen  . " His caption reads , "  SUNSCREEN ! " Basal cell carcinoma is the most common type of skin cancer ; about 2.8 million cases are diagnosed in the U.S. each year , according to the Skin Cancer Foundation . The mortality rate is less than 1 % . The actor has posted selfies of his bandaged face after previous procedures .	The actor had a basal cell carcinoma , a form of skin cancer , removed He 's posted a picture with the caption "  SUNSCREEN " Jackman 's rep says he 's doing OK
CNN  -- From the air , the Namibian desert looks like it has a bad case of chicken pox . Spread across 1,100 miles of a narrow strip sit a smattering of barren polka dots , otherwise known as fairy circles . These sizable craters measure 10 - to 65-feet in diameter , and represent one of nature 's greatest mysteries . Over the decades , a number of theories , from alien invasion to poisonous gasses have been put forth to explain the phenomenon . Last year , a study published in the journal Science made headlines by claiming sand termites were the culprit . None of these , however , have been fully proven . "  The point is , fairy circles are still a mystery . There 's been lots of work done in the field and in labs , but none could solve the issue , " says Stephan Getzin , a scientist from the Helmholtz Centre for Environmental Research in Leipzig , Germany . Nature on repeat Getzin , along with a team of Israeli experts , recently put forth a theory of their own . Using aerial photography , they were able to study the spatial patterns of the fairy circles . The consistency and breadth of their distribution put him in mind of other landscapes whose vegetation , from a distance , also resembles a textile designer 's sketchpad . "  If you go to Wikipedia and type in ` tiger bush ' , you 'll find aerial images of a county in Niger where the vegetation forms in striped patterns . In Australia , you have -LSB- areas with grass circles known as -RSB- spinifex grass , " he notes . "  A few days ago , a professor in California sent me an example of ring-like patterns formed in the Mojave Desert . " Getzin hypothesizes Namibia 's fairy circles are formed through a similar phenomenon : self-organization . Basically , in arid climates , where water is scarce and soil nutrient-poor , plants face stiffer competition for resources . As a result , they "  organize " themselves at a distance to maximize what limited resources are available -- ultimately forming strongly ordered patterns on the landscape . Debunking the termite The self-organization theory comes about a year after biology professor Norbert Juergens argued in a paper published in Science that fairy circles were the work of a species of sand termite , psammotermes allocerus . Juergens ' argument went that they created an underground oasis for themselves by eating the grass roots and killing them , thereby causing a subterranean water trap  without vegetation , water does n't evaporate and remains underground  . Getzin finds the explanation unlikely . "  I do n't want to overstate things , " he says . "  But there is not a single study showing that social insects can cause such large-scale homogenous distribution patterns , as revealed by our study , " adds Getzin . "  Whereas all insect studies showed large-scale clumping of nest locations , self-organization in itself can cause homogenous spacing at those scales and even beyond to several kilometers . " Juergens based his findings on the fact that p. allocerus were the only insect species found consistently across the full stretch of desert where the circles are present , and were especially abundant around the circles . Though a tempting explanation , some experts remain unconvinced . "  There is a high correlation between fairy circles and these termites , and therefore Juergens claimed that they 're the cause . But it 's just a correlation , and one of the most fundamental mistakes a scientist can make is to confuse correlation with causation , " says Walter Tschinkel , a biology professor at Florida State University who specializes in both social insect behavior and fairy circles . "  The termite theory is very appealing to people , because it 's relatively easy to understand , whereas self-organization requires some knowledge or intuition for how plants work , " he adds . More from Inside Africa	Strange barren dots -- rimmed with tall grasses -- sprinkle a 1,100-mile stretch of Namibia 's desert These are known as fairy circles , and their cause remains a mystery Last year , a theory that termites caused the circles made international headlines A German scientist thinks competition for resources is the cause
Venezuela 's President says his country has arrested three air force generals accused of plotting a coup . "  Last night we captured three generals , who we had been investigating ... three generals who were trying to turn the air force against the legitimately constituted government , " President Nicolas Maduro said in remarks broadcast Tuesday on state-run VTV . "  They were organizing a coup . This captured group has direct ties with sectors of the opposition , and they said that this week was the decisive week . " The generals , whom he did not name , will be charged in military court , he said . Maduro revealed the arrests as he spoke to a commission of South American foreign ministers who are visiting his country as part of efforts to facilitate dialogue as political tensions mount . Weeks of clashes between opposition protesters and government forces have left at least 36 people dead , authorities say . Protesters and government officials trade blame for the violence . Last week , opposition leader Henrique Capriles Radonski blamed Maduro for fueling tensions . "  Nicolas threw gas on the fire . He and he alone will be responsible for how the situation develops , " he said in a Twitter post . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour this month , Maduro was unapologetic about his government 's response to opposition protesters . Think about what the U.S. government would do if a political group laid out a road map for overthrowing President Barack Obama , Maduro said . "  What would happen in the United States if a group said they were going to start something in the United States so that President Obama leaves , resigns , to change the constitutional government of the United States ? " Maduro said . "  Surely , the state would react , would use all the force that the law gives it to re-establish order and to put those who are against the Constitution where they belong . "	Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says three generals were arrested Maduro says the generals were plotting a coup The arrests come after weeks of unrest and protests in Venezuela
CNN  -- Kyron Horman has been missing since June 4 , 2010 , but his mother is not giving up . Desiree Young and volunteers spent "  two solid days of searching " for her son this weekend , she said in a news conference Sunday in Portland , Oregon , calling the search "  successful . " More than 100 volunteers , along with 10 search dog teams from around the country , joined the search effort in the Portland area , looking for evidence that might help solve Kyron 's disappearance . Kyron was 7 years old when he went missing . He was last seen by his stepmother , Terri Horman , who told police she had dropped him off at his school , Skyline Elementary . Young was optimistic about the latest search , telling reporters , "  we found a lot of things , and possibly evidence , " but declined to give details , citing the ongoing criminal investigation . Everything searchers found will go to law enforcement for further examination , she said . Though Portland law enforcement was not part of this search , Young said she has been working closely with police and has been keeping them informed . In 2011 : Mystery , pain linger after Kyron goes missing The Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office told CNN affiliate KGW that their investigation is ongoing , and they hope the volunteers find something that helps bring Kyron home . Since Kyron 's disappearance , most of the speculation has focused on the boy 's stepmother . In August 2010 , investigators solicited the public 's help for information about the location of the white pickup truck that she is believed to have driven the morning of Kyron 's disappearance . And in divorce filings , the boy 's father , Kaine Horman , said he believes his estranged wife , Terri Horman , "  is involved " in the boy 's disappearance . No charges have been filed against anyone in the case , nor has anyone officially been named a suspect . Young told the media gathered Sunday that she will not give up searching for her son . "  My mission has always been to bring Kyron home , and I will go to the ends of the earth to do that . " In 2012 : Mother of missing Oregon boy files lawsuit against boy 's stepmother Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	More than 100 volunteers and 10 dog teams search for Kyron Horman Desiree Young , Kyron 's mother , says the search was successful Kyron went missing on June 4 , 2010 , when he was 7 years old No one has been charged in Kyron 's disappearance
Kapikoy , Turkey  CNN  -- Hamide Yeni is a woman on the hunt . The women 's rights activist wears a determined expression on her face as she paces the dirt roads of this remote village , looking for the man who Turkish authorities say beat his wife and put her in a hospital twice in less than 12 months . "  Have you seen Faruk ? " she asks the village mayor 's daughter . "  He disappeared with his car . " "  No one 's seen him , " the woman replies . Some other villagers retreat behind the mud-brick walls of their homes as Yeni approaches . Convicted wife beater The man Yeni is looking for is Faruk Platin , one of the 600 residents of Kapikoy . Last fall , a court sentenced him to 15 months in prison for assault , after his 30-year old wife Sidika was hospitalized with trauma wounds . Video footage filmed in September of 2009 shows Sidika outside of the hospital in the provincial capital of Van . Her face was horribly bruised ; her head encased in bandages . Part of Sidika 's right ear had been sliced off . The woman could barely walk and leaned on her brother for support , as she hobbled a few short steps into the hospital . After the incident , Turkish authorities separated Sidika Platin and her children from her husband and placed them in a state-run women 's shelter . But barely two months later , a local criminal court asked that Sidika and her children be handed back to Faruk Platin . He had not served any jail time for beating his wife . "  At that time , because he showed regret and because his -LSB- criminal -RSB- record was clean , his sentence was postponed , " said Meral Demirbas , the governor of Saray district where Kapikoy is located . "  Also , the wife withdrew her complaint . " Sidika Platin is an ethnic Kurd who speaks no Turkish . According to eyewitnesses , when she appeared in court , she could not understand the judge or prosecutor , and relied on her husband to translate legal proceedings . On a snowy day last December , local women 's rights activists like Hamide Yeni could do little more then watch helplessly , as Faruk Platin led his mutilated wife away from the courtyard , back to the village where they lived . Widespread violence against women "  This kind of thing happens in every village , " says Yeni , one of the founders of a grassroots local family protection association in the Saray district of southeastern Turkey . "  There are thousands of women like Sidika out here . " In fact , according to a 2009 Turkish government report , 42 percent of women surveyed said they had been the victims of either physical or sexual abuse by their husband or partner . The report concluded that one in four married Turkish women had been injured by partner violence . Meanwhile , one in ten Turkish women were injured by such violence while pregnant . Some Turkish activists fear the real statistics for violence against women may actually be much higher . "  In all domestic surveys there are ` shadow figures . ' That is because women are not willing to tell about the violence , it 's a very sensitive issue , " says Pinar Ilkkaracan , a co-founder of the Istanbul-based group Women for Women 's Human Rights . "  We think it 's much higher than 42 percent . " Domestic violence against women is not confined to economically-depressed , rural regions of eastern Turkey . According to the Turkish government survey , the statistics for physical and sexual assault were roughly the same in the countryside as in the most developed , fast-growing cities in the western part of the country . Over the past 15 years , Turkey has adopted several progressive pieces of legislation to protect women , including a 1998 Protection Order against Domestic Violence . Reform of Turkey 's Civil Code in 2001 gave women legal equal status to men in the family . Meanwhile , changes to the country 's Penal Code in 2004 criminalized marital rape . But critics argue that the Turkish state has lapsed far behind in implementing these laws . "  The law prohibits violence against women , including spousal abuse , but the government did not effectively enforce it , " the U.S. State Department said in its 2009 human rights report on Turkey . Despite widespread violence against women , in 2009 the Turkish government reported there were only 52 state-run shelters for women in the entire country . Those shelters have the capacity to house less than 1,300 residents , in a country where the population exceeds 70 million . "  There is a lack of coordinated action and strong will on the part of the government to stop violence against women , " says Ilkkaracan . ` It looks as if she was tortured ' Not long after Sidika Platin returned to the village of Kapikoy , neighbors and relatives began contacting authorities , reporting that her husband was once again beating her . But Sidika 's parents and siblings said Faruk Platin repeatedly threatened them when they tried to intervene . Sidika 's brother claims on one such occasion , his brother-in-law beat him up . "  That man started beating my daughter the day she put on her wedding dress and he has been violent with her ever since , " said Cemile Ozer , Sidika 's mother . "  I wish he killed her long ago to spare her all the suffering . " In early July , gendarme security forces were summoned to the crude house where the Platin family lived . Niyazi Yakin , a member of the Kapikoy village council and a relative of Faruk Platin , says he personally asked Sidika if she was being abused , and she said no . "  She deserved what happened , " Yakin said . "  Because we gave her the chance to leave him and she did n't . " On July 15 , Faruk Platin brought his wife to the hospital in Van . "  When the doctors discovered that she was battered , the husband escaped , " the Van Social Services Directorate announced in a written statement on July 19 . Doctors at Van hospital said Sidika had trauma marks on various locations on her head , infections from injuries , a fever and there was a third-degree burn in the shape of an iron on her back . "  It looked as if she had been tortured , " one Van hospital doctor told CNN , on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to give an interview . Though there was no evidence of brain damage , for more then two weeks after being hospitalized , Sidika was in a near-catatonic state , unable to move or respond to questions . Hakan Cankaya , the deputy chief doctor at the hospital , said psychiatrists suspected she suffered from extreme post-traumatic stress disorder . He added that the hospital frequently received female patients who appeared to be victims of abuse . "  Usually if a woman comes in who has been beaten , she will say ' I fell down the stairs ' or ' I bumped into the refrigator , " Cankaya said . "  It stays in the family ... and as doctors , we can not interfere . " Meral Demirbas , the district governor of Saray , told CNN an arrest warrant has been issued for Faruk Platin , who is on the loose . But Hamide Yeni says that is not enough . "  The state is guilty , the system is guilty , " she says . "  It failed to protect the victim . " The governor of Van province and Turkey 's minister of state responsible for women 's and family affairs did not respond to numerous requests from CNN to comment on the case . Both officials have made visits to Sidika 's bedside in Van hospital . In village of Kapikoy , where many residents eke out a living herding sheep , Yeni goes house to house , dressed in a long skirt and loose headscarf , asking locals why they did not speak up about the violence that had been taking place in their community . "  It was n't our responsibility , " insists Saban Altinli , a brother of the village muhtar , or mayor . "  When there is violence , it does n't matter if it 's your relative , " Yeni responds . "  You can still make a call and inform that this woman is being beaten . "	Statistics show the violence is in urban and rural regions Turkey has adopted legislation to protect women There are only 52 state-run shelters for women in the nation
CNN  -- One of Senegal 's most popular musicians Youssou N'Dour has announced his candidacy in February 's presidential elections . Speaking on his television network TFM , N'Dour said his motivation to run for president was influenced by what he called "  a supreme patriotic duty to do more for my country . " Indeed , N'Dour is one of Senegal 's most popular faces on the international stage , a celebrated musician who has won many awards including a Grammy in 2005 . N'Dour will run against current president Abdoulaye Wade , whose bid for a third term is proving controversial . In June last year , thousands of protesters clashed with police capital Dakar after President Wade proposed changes to the constitution that his critics alleged were meant to make it easy for him to win reelection . The proposed changes reduced the percentage of votes need to avoid a runoff from 50 % to 25 % . West Africa has a history of military coups and civil wars but Senegal is a rare exception . It has never experienced a military coup . However , the rising political tension in the run-up to the February presidential election is cause for worry . Speaking of his candidacy , N'Dour said Senegal deserves better and is prepared to do whatever it takes to ensure that the country does not take the path of violence seen in other countries in the region during election period . "  We have to continue to communicate the message of peace and tolerance and this is what my presidency will advocate if elected " N'Dour said . Biram Gueye , a Dakar-based political analyst , said while there is no doubt that N'Dour has been a very successful and celebrated musician with large following among young people , it is difficult to guess whether he can galvanize this into political support . "  Political support in Senegal is influenced by not any ideological lineage but rather familiarity with the terrain and experience in the field and this is what Youssou N'Dour lacks , " he said . In the streets of Dakar , however , opinion is mixed . While some welcome N'Dour 's desire to run for the presidency , others are cautious . "  The political arena is like a mine field and I prefer Youssou not to venture into it because if he does n't win , it could have some dent on his music career , " said Amet Seck , a university student . Gueye agreed . "  Before , many in Senegal saw Youssou as a neutral unifier through his music . But from now on a section of the society , especially supporters of the ruling party , have began viewing him differently . " But perhaps the most difficult issue for N'Dour 's presidential bid is how to deal with a constitutional clause that sets a minimum educational qualification of high school certificate to be able to run as president . N'Dour lacks a formal education . His answer is that the presidency is a function and not a job . "  It 's true , I have n't pursued higher education but I have proved my competence , commitment , rigor and efficiency time and time again . I have studied at the school of the world . Travel teaches as much as books , " he said .	Youssou N'Dour has announced his candidacy for president He is a Grammy-winning musician But some wonder if his candidacy will hurt his career
CNN  -- The movement to eradicate food deserts would benefit from , of all things , banishment of the term food desert . In a job where I 'm seeking innovations that allow more families to have better access to fresh fruits and vegetables , I 'm struck that advocates seem mostly interested in mapping and remapping the same neighborhoods to establish conclusive proof that food deserts exist . By the USDA definition , that means documenting "  a census tract with a substantial share of residents who live in low-income areas that have low levels of access to a grocery store or healthy , affordable food retail outlet . " The problem is that this approach focuses on diagnosis but not cure . It 's as if doctors kept perfecting the test for polio without looking for a vaccine . The food desert diagnosis too easily turns into a club used to beat families most in need . Being labeled a food desert makes a neighborhood undesirable , rather than a target of opportunity . The discussion gets mean-spirited when critics assert that it 's the people -- not the neighborhoods -- who are broken . In poor neighborhoods where there 's more violence and limited opportunities , some assume that residents brought the difficult circumstances on themselves , that families like living on the dole . Sometimes it 's whispered . Sometimes it 's shouted . Either way , it 's the same conclusion : Those people got what they deserved . To buy the critics ' argument means you have to believe a mother would put her family in life-threatening situations , endure the suffering associated with hunger , opt out of the American Dream , all to get about $ 4.50 a day in federal food assistance . On top of everything else , as economist Jacob Geller and others have pointed out , the government 's food desert definition might not matter much . What we need is the recognition that food represents heritage , love , faith , healing and family pride . Food builds community and helps reduce social isolation . What we need is experimentation with new ownership , supply chain and distribution models to disrupt the existing food systems . What we need is a Food Oasis Movement . There is an untapped demand for fresh fruits and vegetables . Unlocking the demand requires understanding that food access is about relationships , not transactions . Also , price matters . Families wo n't respond to the food police nagging them to eat their veggies . Outsiders dropping off a pallet of free food wo n't cut it . Families will respond positively to cooking classes with their friends , celebrations of family kitchen traditions and high-quality produce distributed through trusted sources . Philadelphia grocer Jeff Brown has opened supermarkets in neighborhoods written off as food deserts . He hires from the neighborhood , adds specialty items the neighbors like and puts health clinics and community meeting rooms inside his stores . His stores make money . Food Oasis innovators focus on what they can do , not what they ca n't . In Chicago , community activists came up with Fresh Moves , a grocery on wheels . In California , Oakland 's People 's Grocery created a mobile market and a farm-to-table distribution business serving low-income families . It 's now launching a grocery store . In Maryland , Baltimore 's virtual supermarket allows residents to order healthy food and pick up their deliveries at neighborhood libraries , schools and senior housing sites . In Atlanta , across the street from the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Historic Site , Rashid Nuri turned a neglected property into a six-acre farm , Wheat Street Garden , with an on-site market . He is transforming a neighborhood into a Food Oasis . The demand is unquestionable . Customers keep coming back for chemical-free kale , squash and other whole foods . The distribution model is creative . Many shoppers pay full price . Thanks to foundation grants , families using SNAP benefits get $ 2 worth of food for every $ 1 spent . For people who are broke and hungry , Nuri makes sure they get food . There 's an easy way to test the usefulness of the food desert label . Show up at a neighborhood meeting with research on how residents are living in a food desert . Guess what ? They already know . So take another tactic . Ask residents how they want to transform their neighborhood into a Food Oasis . I 've done it , and residents have lots of ideas . They want to turn vacant lots into gardens , learn canning techniques so summer vegetables will be available year round and teach young people the joy of making casseroles . Sorting through all of the answers , it boils down to three things : Eat . Cook . Grow . Daniel Ballard , whose Edible Yard and Garden firm creates landscapes that feed people , figured this out when he was working with high school kids through Desire Street Ministries in New Orleans . He saw that young people were interested in culinary traditions . He taught them that the way to eat what you want is by learning to cook . To get the ingredients for the recipes -- these young people discovered -- they had to grow the food . We all get the food desert diagnosis . Like Ballard 's kids , we 're ready to create a Food Oasis . We 're ready to eat , cook and grow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Bare .	John Bare : The movement to get rid of food deserts can start with banishing the term Bare : Being labeled a "  food desert " makes a neighborhood undesirable He says we need a Food Oasis movement that disrupts existing food systems Bare : Innovators are taking fresh food to neighborhoods inspiring locals to eat better
CNN  Celtic won the first Old Firm clash in nearly three years as two first half goals sunk ailing Glasgow rival Rangers at Hampden Sunday in their Scottish League Cup semifinal . The bitter rivalry between the two clubs which have dominated Scottish football for decades is well chronicled , but Celtic 's superiority as Leigh Griffiths and Kris Commons found the target took the heat out of the fixture . It was the 400th competitive meeting , but first since April 2012 , shortly before cash-strapped Rangers was liquidated and forced to re-form as a new entity in the bottom flight of the Scottish leagues . The 2-0 win for Celtic reflected the current status of the two clubs , one topping the Scottish Premiership , the other struggling to catch Hearts in the battle for the automatic promotion spot from the second flight . Rangers had hoped for redemption in the cup competition , but it is Celtic who will face Dundee United in the final on March 15 . Griffiths headed home the opener on 10 minutes and Commons blasted home the second just after the half hour mark . Celtic was content to soak up sporadic Rangers pressure in the second half , with keeper Craig Gordon barely tested . It left manager Ronny Dalia satisfied with his team 's efforts . "  I think 2-0 was a fair result , " he said . "  In the first half we had four chances and we scored two which was okay . The second half we did n't have many but they did n't have a shot on target either . " Rangers -- without a permanent manager since the departure of Ally McCoist -- and still beset by boardroom wrangles -- will now be left to focus on its bid to win promotion back to the Scottish Premiership . If it succeeds the Old Firm matches will again become regular fixtures -- a welcome boost to the finances of both clubs -- as they are played to capacity audiences with extra television revenues . Sunday 's game was beamed live to 54 countries . Arsenal rout Meanwhile , in the English Premier League , Arsenal continued its recent charge with a 5-0 rout of struggling Aston Villa , without a goal in the last six league games . The match at the Emirates was entirely one-sided and the Gunners took the lead on eight minutes when Olivier Giroud scored after an assist from Mesut Ozil . German international Ozil added the second with the impressive Theo Walcott , watched by England manager Roy Hodgson , grabbing the third . Santi Cazorla scored the fourth from the penalty spot with Hector Bellerin 's 30-yard effort completing a fine afternoon for Arsene Wenger 's men . Arsenal has now taken 19 points from a possible 24 and risen to fifth , leapfrogging north London neighbor Tottenham Hotspur . Fourth-placed Southampton later suffered a shock 1-0 home defeat to Swansea , ending with 10 men after Ryan Bertrand was sent off in the second half . Jonjo Shelvey scored the Swansea goal after 83 minutes of a tight encounter . Messi magic Barcelona 's title hopes in Spain stayed on track but the Catalan giants had to twice come from behind to beat Villarreal 3-2 in the Nou Camp . Denis Cheryshev put the visitors ahead after half an hour , only for Neymar to level just before the interval . Luciano Vietto restored the Villarreal lead on 51 minutes but it was shortlived as Rafinha leveled two minutes later . Lionel Messi had been involved in that goal and he put Barcelona into the lead for the first time with a fine strike after an assist by Luis Suarez . The win lifts Barca to just one point behind leaders Real Madrid , but having played a game more .	Celtic wins Old Firm clash with Rangers at Hampden Goals from Leigh Griffiths and Kris Commons put Celtic in League Cup final Arsenal thrashes Aston Villa 5-0 in EPL action Lionel Messi scores winner as Barcelona edges Villarreal 3-2
What do you give the sheik who 's already checked palaces and private planes off his royal wish list ? How about a menagerie of exotic animals ? That 's partly the story of how a Noah 's Ark of indigenous and introduced species came to populate Sir Bani Yas , once an inhospitable salt dome island in the Arabian Gulf . Part of Abu Dhabi emirate , the previously private royal playground now welcomes visitors seeking an Arabian safari experience combined with an encounter with that non-indigenous desert species , the multi-star luxury hotel . Animal-loving emir The founder and first ruler of the United Arab Emirates , Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan started collecting many of the species now thriving in the island 's huge wildlife park after , so the story goes , being given a bevy of exotic creatures as a gift when exploring Africa as a young royal . Long before cheetahs , giraffes , Ethiopian hedgehogs -- and well-heeled tourists -- were introduced to Sir Bani Yas , however , Sheik Zayed was transforming the island with a particular aim : to save a native species that had virtually been wiped out . The Arabian oryx , a kind of antelope , was officially declared extinct in the wild in the late 1960s . Its plight moved the animal-loving emir to begin developing Sir Bani Yas  named after the local Bani Yas tribe  as a place to protect it . Only the oryx "  The oryx is the main reason the island is the way it is today , " says Matt Bottomer , an adventure guide who familiarizes visitors staying on Sir Bani Yas with its many resident creatures . "  Sheikh Zayed searched the world to see if there were any oryx in captivity . "  He found a handful and started a breeding program here . " To prepare the island for those few remaining antelope in the early 1970s , the late sheik launched an extravagant project that might now be seen as a precursor to other slightly incongruous Middle Eastern behemoths , such as Dubai 's indoor ski resort . He decided literally to make the desert bloom . Once desert , now forest Hundreds of thousands of trees , including acacia , ghaf  the national tree of the UAE  , frankincense , gum and mangrove were planted in the desert scrubland of the 87-square-kilometer island to create a habitat for the oryx and other animals . The first trees did n't fare so well . The antelope nibbled away at them a bit too eagerly , and they had to be replanted . They 've since grown to a forest of 4 million , irrigated by desalinated water pumped through an undersea pipeline from the mainland , giving the island an improbably green sheen in this desert environment . As for the oryx , "  now we have around 500 on Sir Bani Yas , " Bottomer explains . The herd has become healthy enough that animals bred on the island are released into the desert wilds of the mainland . Indeed , some species have come to feel so at home in the wildlife park that other animals have been brought in to keep their numbers down . Cheetahs were shipped over to eat the Arabian sand gazelle , which they hunt in the wild , Hyenas and jackals were brought in to clean up anything the big cats left . Animal spectacle All of this makes for a great spectacle . Only a limited number of visitors were allowed on the island when the wildlife park was established in the 1970s . The weekend tours became so popular they had to be booked more than a year in advance . Since Sheik Zayed 's death , in 2004 , Sir Bani Yas has gradually become more accessible . Reached by a 50-seat plane from Dubai or Abu Dhabi , or a 250-kilometer drive from the UAE capital followed by a ferry crossing , Sir Bani Yas recreates a wilderness , but you wo n't be staying in a tent . Accommodation is in one of three luxury resorts , meaning the wind-down from exploring the wildlife park on a safari-style drive , by foot on a guided walk or by mountain bike , is pretty pampered . Wild drives "  You can get really close to the animals on the wildlife drives , " Bottomer says . "  I 've driven along and the cheetahs have been five meters from the car . " Guided wadi hikes in the mountains , nature walks on the southeast of the island and mountain biking inside and outside the park are even more direct ways of experiencing the territory . "  Each offers the chance to find different animals in different habitats , " Bottomer says . The animals are the main attraction for most visitors , but you can also kayak along the mangrove shores or scuba dive off the island . Funnily enough , one of animal you wo n't spot on Sir Bani Yas is a camel . These ships of the desert do well enough on the mainland without needing the island 's protection They were also probably never a terribly original idea as a gift for a royal sheik . Getting there Rotana Jet  +971 2 444 3366  flies from Abu Dhabi and Dubai to Sir Bani Yas Island , with single fares starting from $ 54 . Become chummy enough with the Abu Dhabi royal family and you might get an invitation to one of two palaces they maintain in the island 's southern section . Failing that there are three resorts on the island , with accommodation ranging from rooms in a former royal palace to upscale villas , all run by Anantara  +971 2 801 5400  , which can also arrange day trip tours . Rooms from around $ 220 a night . Find out more about visiting Bani Yas at Desert Islands Abu Dhabi .	UAE founder Sheik Zayed "  made the desert bloom " on Sir Bani Yas island His goal was to protect the Arabian oryx and other threatened species Tourists can stay on the island in luxury resorts Cheetahs , hyenas and other animals have been brought in
CNN  When you pass Josue Lajeunesse in the halls of Princeton University 's commanding campus , he glances up , smiles and carries on doing what he has done for the past 20 years : cleaning . Keeping the dormitories and lecture halls spotless for Ivy League students has been his livelihood since Lajeunesse moved to the United States as a young man . He works two jobs to support his family : janitor by day , taxi driver by night . But it 's what he 's done thousands of miles away that will amaze you most . There is a part of all of us that hangs on to where we are from , that wants to help those we leave behind . For Lajeunesse , that desire consumes him . Though he lives in New Jersey , his heart and mind are never far from Haiti , where he was born . In November we traveled to Haiti , the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , with Lajeunesse . We were on a journey to his hometown of La Source , a tiny village in the mountains to the south of the island nation . We wanted to see for ourselves what Lajeunesse had accomplished -- what had become the subject of a documentary named "  La Source . " After seemingly endless hours driving on the worst roads we 'd ever seen , we pulled up to the top of a hill and parked next to a huge cement block . That hollow , gigantic block held something priceless for the people of La Souce : clean water . It 's priceless because Unicef estimates 768 million people around the world still use unsafe drinking water sources . Every minute , a child somewhere in the world dies of a water-related disease , according to Water.org . The World Health Organization says about 1.6 million people die of diarrheal diseases every year from a lack of access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation . "  When I touch the water , the reservoir , I feel I touch my heart ... my own blood , " Lajeunesse told us . The story of how the water came to La Source is a tale of triumph over all odds and of one man 's decades-long determination . As a young boy growing up in La Source , Lajeunesse and his brother Chrismedonne would make the treacherous three-hour climb up and down the side of a mountain to reach a spring . It was the only way they could get clean water for their family . They watched as their fellow villagers got sick from drinking contaminated water from the river below or injured themselves climbing the mountain trying to do the same . When they were children , Josue and Chrismedonne vowed to build a pipeline to bring that clean water down to the village , but the money was far too hard to come by . The 2010 Haiti earthquake made the situation even worse . Lajeunesse watched the news about the Haiti earthquake from his home in Princeton , New Jersey , where he had moved in 1989 . In the days to come he would learn 11 of his relatives had died in the earthquake . His daughter was visiting family in Haiti when it hit . She survived . She was one of the lucky ones . For Lajeunesse , the earthquake was a breaking point . But as a single father of four -- working two jobs to get by -- he felt helpless . Then his mind turned to water and the dream he 'd had with his brother 40 years ago . Over the following months , Lajeunesse raised $ 38,000 with students at Princeton to build the pipeline that would bring clean water to La Source . Raising the money was only the beginning . Building the pipeline would prove immensely challenging and take the strength of the entire village to accomplish . Yet eventually , it came to be . "  Do you feel proud ? " we ask Lajeunesse after seeing all he has done for his village . "  I 'm proud for the people there but not proud for myself , " he said . The people of La Source are the ones , he says , that drive him to be better -- to do better . He feels like he has n't done enough . Exactly five years since that devastating 7.0 magnitude earthquake struck and claimed more than 230,000 lives , the work in Haiti still to be done remains daunting . Roads are in shambles ; some neighborhoods in the capital of Port-au-Prince remain flattened ; families mourn their loved ones lost . But there is a light that shines from La Source -- the light of one man 's power to unite his village and lift them higher . He had a dream and made that dream a reality . Lajeunesse is n't finished . Now that he 's brought water to La Source , he is working with a local charity to build a school in the village . Next , he hopes to build a clinic . Eighty percent of Haiti 's population lives below the poverty line . Ask Lajeunesse where he gets the drive to work tirelessly for his people -- even living thousands of miles away -- and he replies : "  Because I know exactly the way they suffer . " It 's clear he has no idea how much he has eased their suffering , and in a way , given them a gift greater than water . "  The government can not do everything , " Lajeunesse says emphatically as we walk through La Source , dodging the rain under the canopy of trees . "  The Haitian ... population needs to take the responsibility . Everybody , you know , can help , can put hands together , all of us . Because this is our country . " As he wraps up another janitorial shift on Princeton 's campus and clocks out in the bitter cold of a January afternoon , Lajeunesse leaves us with this : "  If I can work another two jobs again to change the community and the life of the kids for the next generation , I will . I will do it with happiness . "	A 7.0 magnitude earthquake hit Haiti on January 12 , 2010 Earthquake claimed more than 230,000 lives "  La Source " is a documentary about bringing clean water to a tiny village
OK , we know . If you 've traveled to , or through , Atlanta , you probably have one of two impressions . 1 . Wow , that 's a big , crazy airport . 2 . Wow , that traffic really sucked . Maybe you got to spend a little time downtown for a convention or ballgame . And , sure , there were the highlights like the Georgia Aquarium , the College Football Hall of Fame and the World of Coca-Cola . But after that , unless you knew exactly where to look , you probably saw a lot of concrete , a lot of places that closed at 6 p.m. , and culinary and entertainment options just like the other roughly 430 Hooters or 175 Hard Rock Cafes . Here 's the good news : You 've been to Atlanta . But you have n't really been to Atlanta . Get away from that street named Peachtree  or one of the dozens of other streets we named Peachtree for your convenience  , and there 's a city with a lot more to offer . The capital of the New South has been called a small town trapped in a big city . In fact , it 's a lot of small towns , coexisting , for the most part , inside and alongside the borders of that big city . And like the long list of Southern storytellers who have called Atlanta home , if you spend enough time with it , it will share its secrets with you . Good eats As a food-lover friend recently said , in Atlanta , you can go to dinner and a show , or you can just go to dinner . Gourmands the land over have noticed that the ATL  please , never call it "  Hotlanta "  is quietly becoming a destination for high-quality dining , with everything from schmancy white-tablecloth affairs to traditional soul-food and meat-and-three spots drawing crowds . Gunshow , the latest by "  Top Chef " alum and Atlanta native Kevin Gillespie , was recently named one of Esquire 's best new restaurants and marries Brazilian churrascari and Chinese dim sum-style dining with Gillespie 's love of all things meat . Celebrity chef Richard Blais has FLIP Burger and The Spence . Empire State South is one of Hugh Acheson 's four restaurants in Georgia ; it serves three meals a day that focus heavily on local ingredients . Perhaps tickling the most taste buds lately is chef Ford Fry , whose seven spots range from seafood  The Optimist  to Italian-inspired  No. 246  as well as stretching from Atlanta 's re-emerging Westside to its commuter-heavy northern suburbs . And all of that 's not even to mention Buford Highway 's ridiculously rich array of traditional Asian cuisine ; tradition-rich Mary Mac 's Tea Room ; no-frills Ann 's Snack Bar , home of the massive Ghetto Burger ; and Pallookaville Fine Foods , the carny sideshow-themed bastion of guilty pleasures evolved from a corn dog cart by Jim Stacy , host of the Cooking Channel 's "  Offbeat Eats . " Songs of the South It 's been decades since the Allman Bros. made the short drive up from Macon to conquer Atlanta with tunes like "  Melissa " and "  Hot ` lanta . "  Again ... please do n't call it that . Now , it 's all about the Dirty South . The New York Times has called Atlanta "  hip-hop 's center of gravity , " and aside from New York and Los Angeles , it 's hard to argue for another city being as influential in the form 's evolution . A recent three-day stand by native sons Outkast in Atlanta 's Centennial Olympic Park turned into a joyous homecoming weekend of sorts , bringing together everyone from hip young urbanites to suburban soccer moms to shake it like a Polaroid picture to a group that 's helped define hip-hop since emerging from Atlanta 's neighbor East Point in 1992 . Cee Lo Green , Lil Jon , T.I. , Ludacris and Usher are just a few of the other artists who call Atlanta home , where a new generation of MCs and DJs are bubbling up at venues like Apache Cafe , T.I. 's Club Crucial and MJQ Concourse . The presence of Usher , and his Vanity record label , has even been responsible for drawing Justin Bieber to the city . But do n't hold that against us . If hip-hop is n't your thing , Atlanta has a thriving underground rock scene , spawning such current acts as sludge rockers Mastodon , power-pop stars-in-waiting The Biters and indie darlings Deerhunter . And Eddie 's Attic is one of the most highly regarded acoustic music venues in the United States . Performers from across the country are on the months-long waiting list for the club 's highly regarded open-mic showcase , which has helped launch artists like John Mayer , Sugarland , the Indigo Girls and Shawn Mullins . A city of small towns Unlike a lot of cities , Atlanta does n't have a central entertainment and shopping district . You know ... unless you love the Hard Rock and Hooters . If you 're looking for a taste of Atlanta only downtown , you 'll be disappointed . Instead , hit neighborhoods like Little Five Points , packed with record stores , live music and theater venues , restaurants , vintage clothing shops and the like  Not to mention a burger joint with a giant psychedelic skull for an entrance  . Or similarly funky East Atlanta Village , where The Earl serves indie rock and brunch with equal skill and residents are so cool , they have their own Web radio station . For a slightly quieter good time , hit the square in downtown Decatur , which bumps up to Atlanta 's eastern city limit and , in addition to being home to the aforementioned Eddie 's Attic , features enough great restaurants that foodies have visited just to nosh at the spots packed within about a half-mile of each other . Cabbagetown . Virginia-Highland . Buckhead . Sweet Auburn . Castleberry Hill . West End . If you want to enjoy the real Atlanta , skip Hooters , catch a cab and enjoy some of what the city really has to offer . The story of civil rights The South teems with civil rights history , and different cities often focus on their slivers of the story . Atlanta has made a play to introduce the broad history to new generations by connecting the movement of the 1960s to the human rights issues of today . The National Center for Civil and Human Rights opened this year , offering comprehensive and sometimes intense views of the movement 's darkest moments and greatest achievements . Another side of the museum presents an evolving look at modern human rights issues around the world . Just a few miles down the road , visitors can examine the lives of the movement 's greatest leader , Martin Luther King Jr. . Tours of King 's birth home on Auburn Avenue are free , and tickets are often snapped up early in the day . Even visitors who do n't score a trip through the stately yellow home can spend hours wandering the Martin Luther King Jr. . Historic Site run by the National Park Service , peeking into historic Ebenezer Baptist Church or visiting the King Center -- the resting place of King and his wife , Coretta Scott King . Howard Finster 's ` Paradise ' : The South 's most inspired garden Beyond the big attractions When in Atlanta , you 're basically obligated to cross the sugar-sticky floors of the World of Coca-Cola tasting room , to gawk at Margaret Mitchell 's "  Gone with the Wind " - era parlor and drop in on the latest big-name exhibition at the High Museum of Art . But you 'll be missing out if you stop at the typical tourist draws . To get a deeper view of the city 's history and personality , check out some of the smaller attractions not far from downtown . There 's the Center for Puppetry Arts , where you can catch a puppet show geared toward kids or adults , or just get a close-up look at beloved puppets from Jim Henson Family Collection . Yes , your favorites are there , from the Swedish Chef to the Fraggles to Miss Piggy herself . Old and young can enjoy storytime at the Wren 's Nest , the meticulously restored West End home of famed Atlanta writer Joel Chandler Harris , who wrote the beloved and controversial Uncle Remus tales . And just west of downtown , the Spelman College Museum of Fine Art offers fantastically curated exhibitions that focus on art by and about women of the African diaspora . For a glimpse of these and other out-of-the-way spots , as showcased by locals , take a look for the #WeLoveATL hashtag , started by a couple of photographers who did n't think the city was showing out on social media like it should , on Instagram , Twitter and Facebook . Ditch the car -- no , really What if you could visit Atlanta and somehow excuse yourself from all the tired jokes about terrible traffic ?  Punchline : Your time is worthless ! HA ! Ha ? Believe it ; it can be done . There are more attractions and restaurants popping up along the city 's MARTA train lines . A single ride costs $ 2.50 , far less than a cab or rental car . A new streetcar will soon be running in a 2.7-mile east-west loop from the hotel-heavy downtown . It 'll take visitors past a gaggle of quirky pop-up shops to the burgeoning bar scene along Edgewood Avenue and near the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Historic Site . Visitors can also hit the Atlanta BeltLine Eastside Trail , a car-free stretch where residents run , ride , scoot and stroll , sometimes stopping for a drink at a restaurant along the way or dropping by Piedmont Park , the city 's busy central greenspace . More Beltline trails are in the works , which will only make it easier to navigate between neighborhoods with just a pair of comfortable shoes . ` Walking Dead ' in Georgia : Film tourism comes to life	Look beyond downtown Atlanta for the secrets of this vibrant Southern city Dining is a standout pastime with celebrity-chef driven spots and no-frills local favorites Atlanta has played a huge role in the evolution of hip-hop
CNN  -- This weekend 's inaugural Korean Grand Prix is a step into the unknown for Formula One , but Red Bull 's title hopefuls Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel are looking forward to the challenge as the 2010 season heads into its final three races . Vettel led the Austrian team to a 1-2 in Japan two weeks ago , leaving him tied for second overall with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso 14 points behind Webber . The Yeongam circuit in South Korea was finally cleared by F1 officials last week , despite rules stating a new venue should be completed 90 days before a race is due to take place , and the drivers are keen to see a track that most have experienced only in simulators and video footage . "  It looks like a nice layout in terms of the track , we are all optimistic to go there and have a good run and I am looking forward to it , " Webber told the Red Bull website . Vettel added : "  I am pretty excited about South Korea : it 's a new race track , which means none of us have been there before . While I know the race will take place , I ca n't really say anything about the track itself until Friday . " Korean GP gets green light from FIA The duo will be taking tips from Karun Chandhok , a driver for Hispania Racing who carried out a test run in a Red Bull show event there in September . "  The track 's got a good mix of corners and I think we 'll see a lot of overtaking in the first sector -- there are long straights into slow hairpins , " he told the Red Bull website . "  The straight after turn one and two is really long , so we may see some good slipstreaming there , like in Shanghai . From turn seven onwards , there 's a fast section of flowing corners all the way back to the start-finish line , so I think the Red Bull Racing guys will be happy in sectors two and three . It 's an interesting layout and the location 's nice , overlooking the sea . " Latest F1 championship standings The 3.5-mile  5.6-kilometer  Korean International Circuit was built on marshland on the South Korean coast and is the work of German Hermann Tilke , who has also designed F1 venues in Abu Dhabi , Malaysia , China , Bahrain , Singapore and Spain among others . It will be the center of a new urban development , sited in an area popular with tourists about five hours ' drive from the capital Seoul . McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton , who trails Webber by 28 points , is also looking forward to the race as he seeks to regain the world title he won in 2008 . "  I 've driven the Korean International Circuit on the simulator , and my first impressions were extremely positive , " the British driver told the official F1 website . "  On paper , the track should suit our car quite well -- the first sector is all about good end-of-straight speeds and strong performance under heavy braking , both key characteristics of our car . "  And the middle sector is fast and flowing -- it 's the kind of place where you want a car with a good balance and good downforce . I think it 'll reward commitment , it actually feels like quite a nice driver 's track . " Vettel wins in Japan as Webber extends lead His teammate Jenson Button , who is fifth overall , has also been impressed with the circuit . "  There appear to be a couple of very likely opportunities for overtaking , particularly at the end of the three main straights , but possibly also off-line in the twisty final sector , " the defending world champion said . "  The track looks quite high-speed , and the walls are close , so I think it 'll be an interesting challenge . " Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher believes the drivers will be able to adapt to the new track . "  Finally this year we are going to a circuit which is not only new for me but for all of the drivers . Korea will be a very interesting country to see and even if the track has only just been finished in time , I am confident that everything will be fine , " the Mercedes veteran said . "  I am very much in favor of new races and I think it is a benefit for all of us in the sport . It should not be too complicated to learn the layout and we are used to adapting quickly to new circumstances . "	The first Korean Grand Prix takes place this weekend at the new circuit in Yeongam The venue was cleared for racing only last week after a delayed final inspection F1 drivers have been using simulators to prepare for the event Red Bull 's Mark Webber leads drivers ' standings with three races left this season
Fort Campbell , Kentucky  CNN  -- Ann Campbell and Marla Schroeder dub each other "  battle buddies , " although they 've never gone to war . Between them , they have 45 years in the U.S. Army . They 're the wives of the top commanders of the 101st Airborne Division . "  Our husbands look after each other , and we look after each other , " says Ann Campbell , the wife of Maj. Gen. John Campbell , the commanding general of the Combined Joint Task Force 101 . "  We always joke that being an Army wife is actually the toughest job in the Army . " Their job has become even more important this year . This summer , the base has seen the highest three-month death toll in Afghanistan since the war began . Forty-two soldiers from the 101st were killed during the months of June , July and August . Another six soldiers have died in battle in September . Roughly 17,000 soldiers from the 101st -- nearly the entire division -- are deployed as part of the surge in Afghanistan . "  We 've had a very tough couple of months here in Afghanistan with casualties , " Maj. Gen. Campbell tells CNN from Afghanistan . "  I tell you we 've got a very resilient force in our soldiers and we have very resilient families . ... And I 'm just thankful to be a part of it . " On this day , Ann Campbell and Marla Schroeder -- whose husband is Division Command Sgt. Maj. Scott Schroeder -- have come to a three-hour Family Readiness Group seminar to prepare other wives for the year ahead : how to stay strong , how to communicate with each other , how to maintain calm when the one you love most is not around . "  We can be there and bolster each other up and get through the hard times together , " the general 's wife says . "  We want to make sure our families have all the tools and resources they need to be resilient during these back-to-back deployments they 've all experienced . " Marla Schroeder slips through the crowd and scoops up a fussy baby from her mother . The baby coos . Schroeder beams . Sometimes , pitching in can be as simple as cradling someone else 's baby . "  We want grandchildren , but no time soon , " she says , holding up the baby for all to see . "  She 's beautiful ! " Behind her is a sign : "  FRG is not a disease ! " The two have known each other for more than a decade , meeting first when they were Cub Scout leaders for their oldest sons ' troops . Schroeder smiles when she talks about her battle buddy . "  Working with her is just a phenomenal thing , " she says . "  I am overwhelmed every day . She 's great . " Schroeder says she 's an "  easy cry " and that Campbell helps her get through those rough days . When she 's at airports and sees soldiers get handshakes from civilians , the tears come again . "  I get teased a lot about my invisible T-shirt that says , ` Please ask me about my husband . ' He just embodies the American soldier . " Both of their husbands will be in Afghanistan for the next year , along with their fellow soldiers . Ann Campbell 's husband , the commanding general , is on his third deployment . He served one tour in Iraq and is now on his second tour in Afghanistan . She says it 's important for spouses to have battle buddies . "  Those are the folks you lean on , " she says . "  Stay strong , stay in touch with the Army family . Wrap arms around each other . " There 's new anxiety for Campbell . On this day , her youngest son shipped out to Fort Bragg , North Carolina , for his first stint in the Army . "  It 's a whole different ballgame when it 's your child going , " she says . She does n't have any rituals to send off her husband of 26 years or her son . "  You just try to keep the tears away until they 're out of sight . " Marla Schroeder 's eyes fill with tears when she 's asked about the heavy toll the summer months have taken on the base . "  When the news is first broken , I usually have to sit down somewhere by myself , because every soldier lost is one too many , " she says . Fort Campbell holds a ceremony on the first Wednesday of every month to recognize fallen soldiers from the month before . It 's a way to help the community heal , but "  we never forget . " A mother of three children , Schroeder has been married for 19 years . "  Do I miss him ? Oh yeah , " she says . "  Do I worry about him ? Sure . But is it a bad thing ? No , because every month he is gone I am that much stronger . I have that much more stuff in my kit bag . " Her oldest son also serves in the Army . She has two teens at home . She stays busy running them around to soccer practices ; one just got his driver 's license and the other is learning to drive . "  My husband picked a great year to go away , " she says with a laugh . When she 's having a bad day , she tries to quickly change her frame of mind . Her battle buddy often helps with that . "  If you can change your thinking , you can change your world . " The highlight of the family 's weekly routine comes around 9:30 p.m. on Saturdays . That 's when Sgt. Maj. Schroeder calls home and the kids hear their dad 's voice again . "  Being an Army wife is a positive state of mind . You have to be able to step forward , empower yourself and do it , " Marla Schroeder says .	Wives of commanders of 101st Airborne say spouses form tight bond while soldiers away Ann Campbell and Marla Schroeder call each other "  battle buddies " The 101st has had more than 40 soldiers killed over the summer
CNN  -- A recent study on global wellbeing showed the Danes to be the happiest people on the planet and with about a fifth of them living in their capital it stands to reason that Copenhagen must be a little bit special . The Amalienborg palaces are the royal family 's winter residence . So what are they so happy about ? Well , lifestyle magazine Monocle recently named Copenhagen as being the world 's most livable city , highlighting the quality of its infrastructure , transport system and contemporary buildings . It 's true that the city is well planned and well managed ; it boasts a new metro system , the main arteries in the centre are pedestrianized and the other streets are filled with cyclists rather than exhaust fumes . But Copenhagen is not some soulless exercise in sterile urban planning . There are the winding medieval streets of Indre By and the Latin Quarter , the picture-postcard houses of Nyhavn , the canals of Christanshavn , and the palaces and parks of Fredericksstaden and Rosenborg . The city is , simply , charming . If you spend some time in Copenhagen you 'll quickly come to understand the Danish concept of "  hygge " , a word with multiple meanings that is best translated as something between "  cozy " and "  relaxed " . But if that suggests a city of bygone cuteness it does n't take into account the sleek modernism of Danish design . Arne Jacobsen 's legacy can be seen throughout the city  check out the Radisson SAS Royal and Café Stelling  but no less visionary are recent structures such as Henning Larsen 's futuristic Opera House or the dramatic new Royal Library , known as the "  Black Diamond " . The clean lines and minimalism that characterize Danish design are evident in the interiors of the city 's stylish bars , restaurants and hotels and perhaps their influence can even be detected in the trend away from bland , stodgy cooking to a cleaner , healthier style that is earning the city 's restaurants acclaim and Michelin stars . The alternative side of Copenhagen can be seen in places like Christiania , the ` free city ' founded in 1971 by a collection of dropouts , hippies and social visionaries . The fact that this semi-autonomous experiment in communal living has survived for so long is testament to the open-mindedness of the Danish ; but the very existence of Christiania has always been controversial and government plans to ` normalize ' the area suggest it may not be ` free ' much longer . Like any city of its size , Copenhagen has its share of social problems . Nørrebro has been the scene of a riots in recent years , with some commentators blaming social deprivation and others blaming boredom among young people . But it is working class areas like Nørrebro and Vesterbro , away from the tourist trail , that are the beating heart of the city . They are home to many of Copenhagen 's trendiest bars and clubs and they have a sense of community that is difficult to convey ; it is something Danes might describe as "  hygge " . So why are the Danish so happy ? Go to Copenhagen and you 'll understand .	Copenhagen has been described as the world 's most livable city The city is charming , with medieval streets , canals and royal palaces Sleek Danish design is evident everywhere and gives the city a modern edge The ` free city ' of Christiania is testimony to Danish open-mindedness
New York  CNN  -- The defendant 's testimony in a stilled Manhattan courtroom Wednesday took a federal jury half a world and many years away , to a mountain cave in the desolation of Afghanistan , to the hours after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . In that mountain cave , defendant Sulaiman Abu Ghaith testified , sat the man who had summoned him , his future father-in law : Osama bin Laden . Bin Laden invited him to sit , Abu Ghaith said , and then asked if he 'd heard what happened . "  We are the ones who did it , " Abu Ghaith , speaking through an Arabic interpreter , quoted bin Laden as saying . Bin Laden then asked for his opinion of what to expect , Abu Ghaith said . "  America will not rest until it accomplishes two things , " Abu Ghaith testified he told bin Laden . "  To kill you , and to destroy the Taliban . " "  You 're being too pessimistic , " bin Laden responded . Abu Ghaith 's testimony came on the ninth day of his trial on federal charges that he aided terrorists relating to the 9/11 attacks and conspired to kill U.S. nationals . He has pleaded not guilty to charges that could send him to prison for life if he is convicted . As he testified Wednesday , several survivors of the attacks and family members of victims sat in the courtroom just blocks away from the World Trade Center and ground zero . Prosecutors in the terror trial contend Abu Ghaith was an al Qaeda propagandist , with a crucial role in recruiting and inciting the organization 's members . Prosecutors have played videos for the jury of Abu Ghaith seated at bin Laden 's side , giving speeches filled with fiery rhetoric and issuing calls to "  terrorize the infidels . " The defendant said he initially met bin Laden in June of 2001 , when he traveled to Afghanistan on "  a mission that you may call humanitarian , " because of his curiosity about the Islamist Taliban government , and because he thought his skills as an educator and religious scholar could be of use there . In his native Kuwait , Abu Ghaith spent a decade working for the Ministry of Education , and was a licensed imam with a reputation in the Gulf region , he said on the stand . Shortly after his arrival in the country , Abu Ghaith said , bin Laden summoned him for the first of several meetings . Bin Laden invited him to speak at training camps , saying the men there were exposed to "  weapons , roughness , and a hard life , " but needed spiritual focus and a lesson in mercy , testified Abu Ghaith . At the camps , he heard talk there was a big al Qaeda operation in the works , he said , but he denied knowing the specifics of the 2001 attack ahead of time . The first of the video recordings was made at the September 11 meeting , after bin Laden asked for a reluctant Abu Ghaith 's help to send a worldwide message , Abu Ghaith testified . He relented only after bin Laden promised to give him "  bullet points , " and that he 'd speak on religious matters only . "  The storm of airplanes will not abate , " Abu Ghaith said on one of the recordings , a phrase he testified Wednesday was among the notes bin Laden gave him for the speech . He maintained in court that his use of "  we " and "  us " in the videos referred to Muslims and not to al Qaeda , and that he was never a member of the organization . Abu Ghaith was not asked on the stand about his subsequent marriage to one of bin Laden 's daughters . Abu Ghaith was captured last year after years of being among a group of alleged al Qaeda operatives sheltered in Iran . He was arrested in Turkey and deported to Kuwait via Jordan , which helped U.S. agents capture him . Testimony continues Thursday , with two remaining defense witnesses . Closing arguments in the case are expected Monday . What did abu Ghaith tell authorities on plane trip to U.S. ? 9/11 mastermind defends bin Laden 's son-in-law in court statement	Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , is on trial in federal court He is accused of conspiring to kill U.S. nationals and being al Qaeda 's propagandist On Wednesday , he took the stand in his defense He testifies he told bin Ladan , "  America will not rest until it accomplishes two things "
CNN  -- The video calling service Skype recently made a change to how it routes calls . Yawn , right ? But here 's where it get a little juicier : Hackers and bloggers are saying the changes , which push some of the video calling process onto Skype 's own computers instead of onto random machines on the Internet , could help the app spy on users ' calls , presumably at the request of a court or government . "  Reportedly , Microsoft is re-engineering these supernodes to make it easier for law enforcement to monitor calls by allowing the supernodes to not only make the introduction but to actually route the voice data of the calls as well , " Tim Verry , from the website ExtremeTech , wrote last week .  Supernodes are third-party computers that act as a sort of directory service for routing calls . "  In this way , the actual voice data would pass through the monitored servers and the call is no longer secure . It is essentially a man-in-the-middle attack , and it is made all the easier because Microsoft -- who owns Skype and knows the keys used for the service 's encryption -- is helping . " Other news outlets , including Forbes and Slate , picked up on the discussion . Forbes says there is "  tremendous buzz " in the hacker community on this topic . The problem ? It 's unclear what exactly changed , and a Skype spokesman contacted by CNN for clarification would not release more than a pre-written statement . Chaim Haas , the spokesman , would not say , for instance , if the update actually enabled the company to tap into and record Skype calls . He also would not answer questions about when the update took place or whether wiretapping was a motive . "  As part of our ongoing commitment to continually improve the Skype user experience , we developed supernodes , which can be located on dedicated servers within secure datacenters , " the statement from Skype says . "  This has not changed the underlying nature of Skype 's peer-to-peer  P2P  architecture , in which supernodes simply allow users to find one another  calls do not pass through supernodes  . "  We believe this approach has immediate performance , scalability and availability benefits for the hundreds of millions of users that make up the Skype community . " Skype , which grew out of the peer-to-peer downloading network Kazaa and how has 254 million "  connected " users per month , has a long reputation for guarding the privacy of its callers . Skype calls usually are routed from one caller to another , rather than through a middleman . "  Historically , Skype has been a major barrier to law enforcement agencies , " writes Ryan Gallagher at Slate . "  Using strong encryption and complex peer-to-peer network connections , Skype was considered by most to be virtually impossible to intercept . " For technical reasons , this meant that Skype actually could not comply with an order to wiretap a particular Skype user 's conversations , a spokeswoman told the tech news site CNET in 2008 . "  We have not received any subpoenas or court orders asking us to perform a live interception or wiretap of Skype-to-Skype communications , " the spokeswoman said . "  In any event , because of Skype 's peer-to-peer architecture and encryption techniques , Skype would not be able to comply with such a request . " But after the recent change , some insiders are speculating that such digital eavesdropping may indeed be possible . The difference involves the third-party "  supernode " computers . Until recently , those supernodes were other Skype users who had fast Internet connections and could handle the work . Now , according to Skype 's statement , those supernodes have moved onto computers owned by Skype , which is owned by Microsoft . That has some people concerned . Haas , Skype 's spokesman , wrote that "  it is also important to note that Skype calls DO NOT  emphasis his  pass through supernodes -- they act in a directory function only . " He added : "  As was true before the Microsoft acquisition , Skype cooperates with law enforcement agencies as is legally required and technically feasible . " This seems to mean that Skype ca n't intercept calls just because it owns the supernodes now . The spokesman , however , declined to answer follow-up questions on this point . Others are unsure what it means . "  I 'm a little bit surprised and slightly skeptical about that statement " about how calls "  do not pass through supernodes , " said Peter Eckersley , technology projects director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation . Maybe in most cases calls would not actually pass through a supernode in a way that they could be tracked , Eckersley said , but , for technical reasons , some types of computer connections may require a call to route though a supernode . If you are really truly geek fluent , Eckersley 's question for Skype may interest you : "  If two Skype users are firewalled so that they can only make outbound TCP connections and can not make UDP connections , how do you route a call between those two users ? " Eckersley said he ca n't think of an answer , aside from pushing a call through a supernode , which now would be on a Skype - or Microsoft-owned computer . In any event , Eckersley said , this update may not be all that significant in the big picture . His group already does not recommend that people who live in authoritarian regimes use Skype , because of the relative likelihood that communications could be tapped . In dangerous places like Iran and Syria , using a service like Gmail is safer , he said . "  As of 2012 we do n't believe the Skype architecture is secure , " he said . "  There are a lot of people out there , a lot of governments out there , that have the means to break Skype , and this remains true regardless of whatever Microsoft just changed . " More from CNN Tech : Google honors young scientists Facebook working on ` want ' button ? Court bans Samsung tablet from sale in Europe YouTube wants commenters to use real names	Skype has made technical changes to the way calls are placed The calls now are routed by Microsoft - or Skype-owned computers Previously , other computers on the network served in this directory function The change makes some people worry the company could "  wiretap " video calls
Google already is a major player in search , online mapping , social networking and other key functions of the Web . Now it wants to sell domain names , too . The Internet giant on Monday announced the launch of an invite-only service , Google Domains , to help small businesses find , register and manage their Web addresses . The service is currently in beta testing with a small number of users . "  Businesses will be able to search , find , purchase and transfer the best domain for their business -- whether it 's . com , . biz , . org , or any of the wide range of new domains that are being released to the Web , " Google said in a blog post about the venture . With this move , Google will be directly competing with companies they once partnered with . Their most notable partner-turned-rival will be GoDaddy , the world 's largest domain-management company , which has faced financial troubles in recent years . GoDaddy has 57 million domains registered to its service , but the company has n't generated a profit since 2009 and in the last two years has reported combined losses of $ 480 million . Earlier this month , the company filed for a $ 100 million IPO . The new Google service will allow users to purchase new domain names as well as transfer existing ones . It also offers some perks that other companies do n't , such as free private registration , which keeps the site owner 's personal information hidden from the public . Google is n't quoting prices yet , although a window on the Google Domains site suggests that registering a domain will cost $ 12 a year . Google has n't announced when Domains will be available to the public , although it 's encouraging potential customers to request invite codes to test the service . Google said the beta-testing process will investigate ways to streamline Domains for users , improve customer service and determine which extra services , such as mobile-site design , will be offered . The service will allow Google to take advantage of 1,400 newly created top-level domain endings , such as the already popular . guru . Google is already on the International Corporation for Assigned Names and Number 's list of accredited registrars for well-known domains like . com , . net , and . org . Domain-name registration has increased steadily over the years . According to the website nTLD Stats , 1.3 million new names have been registered already this year . Verisign , a domain research group , reported an increase of 7 % from the end of 2012 to end of 2013 . Google is late to the domain-name market . But as a dominant Internet player , it may be able to leverage this new service in ways smaller rivals can not . "  The company has a vested interest in getting as many businesses online as possible . It gets them hooked into its many products including Google Apps , Gmail , Google Pages , etc. , " wrote Andrew Allemann for Domain Name Wire , an industry blog . Google then could sell them ads , he noted . Google 's new toy for business owners	Google announces the launch of an invite-only , domain-registration service Google has n't said when the service will be available to the public Service will compete with GoDaddy , the largest domain-management company
CNN  -- It 's bad enough to be sick and miserable . But adding insult to injury for many a patient is having to hack through a veritable jungle of often-confusing paperwork to make health insurance claims . Dr. Val Jones is part of a practice in Virginia that has lowered its fees and quit taking insurance . Consumers ' frustrations with health insurance paperwork are well-known . But it 's also a frustrating tangle for doctors and their staffs . AC360 ° correspondent Tom Foreman has a report about one innovative practice that has decided to take on the insurance paperwork monster -- by completely avoiding it . Dr. Val Jones joined a small practice , DocTalker Family Medicine in Vienna , Virginia , where the doctors do not even take insurance . They charge a simple , relatively low fee for each service . That 's it . The doctors at DocTalker grew tired of seeing patients struggle with baffling insurance paperwork while both their health and wealth were on the line . "  They do n't know why they 're getting these questions asked , " Jones said . "  They do n't know what the forms mean . And ... their compensation is dependent on it . " This innovation has been good news for Carol "  Yogi " Yogan of McClain , Virginia . She said she broke her wrist ice skating , and her insurance company initially told her that her injury would not be covered . After persistent effort , she eventually convinced them otherwise . The company paid . But Yogan is certain without her dogged efforts , her claim would have been forever lost in the "  paperwork jungle " of the insurance trade . Watch Yogan 's struggle with bureaucratic red tape " Yogi Yogan has pretty much lost all faith in insurance companies . She has enough insurance to cover a catastrophic illness , but for routine care , she 's now going to that nearby fee-for-service medical office where Jones works . "  It 's seamless , " Yogan said . She knows precisely what she is getting and what it costs . Jones does not believe the insurance industry set out to cultivate the paperwork jungle . She thinks it just grew over time . But now that it is there , she suspects they are making so much money off of it , that there is no real incentive to clear it up . Former insurance industry executive Wendell Potter agrees . He said one way insurers make money is by allowing confusion to reign . "  And people often just give up , " Potter said , "  and do n't pursue payment when a claim has been denied or been paid inappropriately or not adequately . And the same is true with doctors and hospitals . " He believes billions of dollars are at stake . The insurance industry , while acknowledging the existence of the paperwork jungle , denies it is a trap for extra profits . Robert Zirkilbach is with a national trade association for insurers called America 's Health Insurance Plans . "  The health insurance industry is one of the most regulated industries in America , and particularly at the state level there are all kinds of requirements of information that needs to be provided to patients in paper and through the mail , " Zirkilbach said . But he adds , insurers are just as worried as customers about the confusion that causes . "  We agree that reform is needed . In fact , that 's why we 've been working very hard to develop reforms to make the system more efficient , " Zirkilbach said . AC360 ° correspondent Tom Foreman contributed to this report .	Practice in Virginia has lowered and simplified its fees and quit taking insurance Patient frustrated with insurance paperwork thrilled with new method : "  It 's seamless " Ex-insurance industry executive says confusion , paperwork help generate profit Industry spokesman counters that they 're trying to make system more efficient
MUNICH , Germany  CNN  -- Alleged Nazi camp guard John Demjanjuk had no choice but to bring Jews to their deaths in extermination camps , Demjanjuk 's defense argued Monday as his long-awaited trial got under way . Demjanjuk , 89 , faces charges of being an accessory to about 27,900 murders during World War II . But his defense attorney , Ulrich Busch , said Monday the court was imposing a "  moral and judicial double standard . " The retired auto worker from Cleveland , Ohio -- a native Ukrainian -- was a prisoner of war during the conflict , and would have been killed had he not done what the Nazis ordered , the defense team argued . The defense line that Demjanjuk was forced to help the Nazis represents a change for the defendant , who has denied in the past that he was a camp guard . The guards forced to help the Nazis were "  victims , not culprits -- survivors , not murderers , " defense lawyer Busch said . Higher-ranking German SS officers in a similar situation have been found not guilty of war crimes , the defense argued . The Munich state prosecutor brought the charges against Demjanjuk for his alleged role at the Sobibor death camp in Poland , where the Nazis and their accessories killed at least 167,000 people , according to the U.S Holocaust Memorial Museum . About 30 relatives of victims have joined the prosecution case . In Germany it is possible for the families to join the prosecution case as co-plaintiffs , representing named individuals who died in the death camps . If Demjanjuk is found guilty , it will not be only for 27,900 anonymous murders , but for the murders of victims specifically named by the co-plantiffs . There are very few remaining survivors of Sobibor . Demjanjuk 's defenders say he was a Soviet prisoner of war at the Trawniki camp , where Nazis trained prisoners to assist with the extermination of about 2 million Jews in occupied Poland . Those prisoners of war had no choice but to assist , the defense said . Demjanjuk was brought into the court in a wheelchair , accompanied by medical personnel and a German-Ukrainian translator . He did not speak in the opening phase of the trial , and had his eyes shut most of the time . The trial is expected to last until May of next year . He was deported in May from the United States to Germany . The German court originally accused him of complicity in about 29,000 murders . The prosecutor 's office said it revised the number because some of those who had allegedly died in the camp when Demjanjuk was there were already dead during the transport to Sobibor . Demjanjuk lost a U.S. Supreme Court case against his deportation . His lawyers had asked the high court to consider their claims that he was too ill and frail to be sent overseas . They also raised human rights and other legal issues . The Munich State Court ruled earlier this year he was fit to stand trial . But doctors have restricted the time he can be tried each day to two sessions of 90 minutes each , said Anton Winkler , Munich state prosecutor . The accusations against Demjanjuk date to the late 1970s , when the U.S. Justice Department accused him of being a Nazi guard known as "  Ivan the Terrible . " His U.S. citizenship was revoked in 1981 , and he was extradited to Israel in 1986 . Demjanjuk was convicted in an Israeli court in 1988 and sentenced to death , but that conviction was overturned in 1993 amid evidence that someone else was "  Ivan the Terrible . " A federal court restored Demjanjuk 's citizenship , ruling the government withheld evidence supporting his case . But his citizenship was revoked again in 2002 after a federal judge ruled his 1952 entry into the United States was illegal because he hid his past as a Nazi guard . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	Demjanjuk , a retired autoworker from Ohio , denies any role in the Holocaust He says he was a prisoner of war during conflict , not a camp guard Demjanjuk , 89 , moved to Germany after losing legal fight against deportation
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Pentagon is portraying India as a major customer for U.S. military equipment , worth an estimated $ 6 billion in the past decade , even as U.S. companies are shut out of a multibillion dollar bid for fighter jets that India is starting this week . In the newest edition of a congressionally mandated report , the Defense Department signaled that it was hoping to interest India in its top-of-the-line and most expensive weapon , the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter , still being tested . Arms sales , as well as more frequent military exercises and exchanges , are seen as an important ways to cement ties between the two countries . But India does n't always buy American . Recently , India considered and then rejected a major purchase of U.S. F-16 and F-18 fighters , a expensive setback for U.S. arms sales and the U.S. aviation industry . That deal -- now between the Dassault Rafale and Eurofighter Typhoon -- is a reminder of the vast sums in play . "  With a potential contract price of US$ 9 billion to US$ 14 billion , this is the single biggest competition in the global defence aviation industry at the moment and offers both bidders a much-needed opportunity in a major market , " said James Hardy , Asia Pacific Editor at IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly said in a statement . Arms sales , as well as more frequent military exercises and exchanges , are seen as an important ways to cement ties between the two countries . The Defense Department downplayed any suggestion that arms sales and other contacts could backfire and that next-door Pakistan may feel new pressure both in its already-strained relationship with Washington and with its historical enemy , India . "  It 's important that none of us think about relationships in this region as a zero-sum game , " said Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Robert Scher at the Pentagon . "  We have valuable relationships with Pakistan and valuable relationships with India and these things can co-exist . " Scher signaled that he hoped the relationship , and the arms sales would continue to grow . "  I think there is a great potential to do much more , " Scher said in a briefing at the Pentagon . "  India sees the U.S. as a reliable defense supplier and we have been able to provide some top-of-the-line equipment . Is there some potential for more ? Certainly there is . That is for the government of India to decide " Lisa Curtis of the Heritage Foundation , a long-time observer of U.S. and Indian affairs , said the report should be a catalyst to deepen defense ties and possibly lead to a loosening of present export and licensing controls . "  The Defense Department offer to provide India with information on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter sends a clear signal that the U.S. considers India one of its most important future defense partners and is willing to consider co-production of some of its most sophisticated defense technology , " Curtis told CNN . The Pentagon 's government-to-government program of foreign military sales to India have included C-17 and C-130 aircraft , radar systems , Harpoon weapons and specialized tactical equipment . Any consideration of India 's role in the region must include China and U.S. concerns about the Chinese modernization of its armed services especially its navy . "  The attention given to maritime security cooperation in the report should be seen in light of a series of maritime incidents in which Chinese naval vessels have challenged other countries ' naval vessels in the South China Sea , " Curtis said . "  It is clear that the U.S. views India as a leader in helping to maintain freedom of navigation in the Indian Ocean region and will likely look for ways to enhance India 's involvement in maritime security endeavors throughout the Indo-Pacific in the future . "	The Pentagon tells Congress it hopes to interst India in its most expensive weapon The top-of-the-line F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is still being tested But India recently rejected purchase of other U.S.-built fightrers Arms sales are seen as a way to cement relations between the U.S. and India
When Vice President Joe Biden and Defense Secretary Robert Gates advised President Barack Obama in late April 2011 that sending a Navy SEAL team into Pakistan to capture or kill Osama bin Laden was not worth the various risks that this operation entailed , John Brennan , the president 's top counterterrorism adviser , urged the president to authorize the raid . It 's that kind of call that has made Brennan the president 's go-to guy since the beginning of Obama 's first term on all matters related to terrorism and has also thrust him into a broader policymaking role in the Middle East and in South Asia . From his windowless office deep in the bowels of the West Wing a few steps from the Situation Room , Brennan has been at the center of every important decision in the war against al Qaeda . Brennan is a serious , taciturn man who grew up in New Jersey and attended Fordham University in New York , where at one point he contemplated becoming a priest . Instead , he joined the CIA and spent more than two decades in the shadows , rising to take on important positions such as Bill Clinton 's intelligence briefer and CIA station chief in Saudi Arabia . Three years after 9/11 , Brennan became the first director of the National Counterterrorism Center , which shapes overall strategy against al Qaeda and its allies across the 16 agencies of the U.S. intelligence community . After he retired , Brennan went into the private sector , where he played an early role in advising the Obama campaign in the run-up to the 2008 election . It 's this long history with Obama and his depth of experience in the intelligence community that have made Brennan the president 's pick to run the CIA . Facing tough questions On Thursday , Brennan will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee , a milestone on the road to what is shaping up to be a contentious confirmation to be CIA director . At his confirmation hearing , Brennan will be asked some tough questions about the administration 's policies on CIA drone strikes , policies that he has played a key role in formulating . Taking even the most conservative estimate of casualties during Brennan 's time as Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser , CIA drone strikes in Pakistan have killed 1,577 people , 143 of whom were identified in credible news reports as civilians , according to a count by the New America Foundation . Brennan will also likely be asked to discuss the still-classified Senate Intelligence Committee 's three-year investigation into the CIA detainee program and the extent to which coercive interrogations of some of those CIA-held prisoners elicited useful information . The head of the committee , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , has said that coercive interrogations did not provide key leads in tracking down bin Laden , while a number of retired senior CIA officials have claimed that they did . Undoubtedly , this discrepancy will be something that the committee will want to delve into with Brennan . Opinion : Bring drones out of the shadows Role in the raid Perhaps more than any other official , he played a key role in what has surely been the Obama administration 's greatest success overseas : tracking bin Laden to an obscure city in Pakistan and then formulating the overall plan that led to the death of al Qaeda 's leader . In August 2010 , CIA Director Leon Panetta went to the White House to brief the president and a handful of his top national security advisers , including Brennan , that the CIA had a promising lead that suggested bin Laden could be living in a compound in the northern city of Abbottabad . The case that bin Laden was living there was entirely circumstantial and was based on the fact that residing at the Abbottabad compound was a longtime al Qaeda insider and that he and the other people living in the compound were taking elaborate measures to deceive their neighbors about their identities . One of the mysterious residents at the compound was a man who never left the compound 's grounds and could be seen by U.S. satellites occasionally taking a quick walk in the garden . He would come to be nicknamed "  the pacer . " However , the CIA could never get a photograph of the pacer 's face , nor was there any other definitive intelligence that bin Laden was living at the compound . Brennan , who had spent almost all of his working life at the CIA , met regularly with the analysts working on the bin Laden case . According to senior White House officials , Brennan pushed the analysts to come up with intelligence that disproved the notion that bin Laden was living in the Abbottabad compound , explaining , "  I 'm tired of hearing why everything you say confirms your case . What we need to look for are the things that tell us what 's not right about our theory . So what 's not right about your inferences ? " The analysts working on the bin Laden hunt came back to the White House one day and started their intelligence update , saying , "  Looks like there 's a dog on the compound . " Denis McDonough , Obama 's then-deputy national security adviser , remembers thinking , "  Oh , that 's a bummer . You know , no self-respecting Muslim 's gon na have a dog . "  Many Muslims believe dogs to be "  unclean . " Brennan , who had spent much of his career focused on the Middle East and speaks Arabic , pointed out that bin Laden , in fact , did have dogs when he was living in Sudan in the mid-1990s .  Indeed , when al Qaeda 's leader was living in the capital of Khartoum , he had taken an interest in training police dogs . Report : Numerous countries involved in CIA interrogation programs Creation of the "  Red Team " In addition to pushing the CIA to refine its analysis of the case that bin Laden was living in Abbottabad , two weeks before Obama made the final decision to launch the Navy SEAL raid , Brennan authorized the formation of a "  Red Team . " It was made up of four intelligence analysts who had had no prior role in making the case that bin Laden was living in Abbottabad . The role of the Red Team was to see if there were alternative explanations that could explain the "  pattern of life " of the mysterious residents of the Abbottabad compound . For instance : Could they be the retinue of some drug lord who was keeping a low profile ? Or might they be on the fringes of al Qaeda but unrelated to bin Laden himself ? On Thursday , April 28 , 2011 , during the final National Security Council meeting to discuss what to do in Abbottabad , the Red Team briefed the president and his top advisers . One of the Red Team analysts put the odds that bin Laden was living in Abbottabad at 40 % , which was discomfiting to some . Brennan recalls : "  Some of us thought , ` Whoa ! We thought the prospects were higher that he was in there . ' And the president recognized that when people were saying , ` Well , there 's only 40 % of a chance , ' that some people were going to get a little bit soft on this . " Was it too risky ? The uncertainty that bin Laden was even living in Abbottabad contributed to the advice that Biden and Gates gave Obama during this final National Security Council meeting : Do n't authorize the SEAL team raid . It 's just too risky . By now , Brennan had come to a very different conclusion . He had already told the president privately the CIA officials who had developed the intelligence on Abbottabad were "  the people that have been following bin Laden for 15 years . This has been their life 's work , this has been their life 's journey , and they feel it very much in their gut that bin Laden is at that compound . I feel pretty good , if not certain , that bin Laden is at that compound . " Brennan urged a go on the raid . As the SEAL raid unfolded in Abbottabad on May 1 , 2011 , Brennan was as anxious as anyone else in the White House Situation Room : "  Might there be a quick reaction force that bin Laden may have had , security that we did n't know about ? " he recalled thinking . The raid , of course , succeeded . When photos of the dead Osama bin Laden were passed around the Situation Room , Brennan nodded and said , "  It 's bin Laden . "	John Brennan is up for a confirmation hearing before the Senate on Thursday The nominee for CIA director has been at the center of Obama 's counterterrorism policies Peter Bergen says Brennan 's been key in the drone program and in the bin Laden raid Bergen : Brennan supported the raid while Biden and Gates argued against it
CNN  -- Unimaginable cruelty marked the beginning of Youssif 's story . At 5 years old , he was attacked by masked men as he played outside his Baghdad home in 2007 . The men poured gasoline on his face and then set him on fire . His parents wondered , given their child 's horrific injuries , whether he would ever smile again . But Youssif 's story struck a chord with CNN 's millions of viewers and readers worldwide . Just months after the attack , the boy and his family came to the United States with a single suitcase . Their living expenses and medical expenses -- hundreds of thousands of dollars -- were paid in full by the kindness of strangers . The family was granted asylum in the United States and still calls California home . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been following Youssif 's journey since he arrived in the United States and recently traveled to California to visit Youssif and see his progress . Youssif rubs face with hands , says ` no hurt ' Gupta says it 's hard to believe that this is the same Youssif CNN has been following for nearly six years . The boy has undergone 19 operations and a total of 61 procedures at Grossman Burn Center since 2007 . Now 10 , Youssif is very much a typical American fifth-grader . He 's smart and confident . His favorite subject is math , and he tells Gupta that he hopes to be a doctor someday so he can help other people . When asked whether he has any trouble making friends , he 's quick to respond , "  No , it 's easy . Whenever a new person comes , the next day , we 're just friends . No one is ever mean to me . " Youssif is now standing tall , thanks to the strength of his parents who risked so much to move to the United States . His father , 30 years old , still fears for the safety of his family in Iraq and prefers to keep his identity concealed as well as the full names of his children . Video : Horribly burned Youssif has new life CNN : How has life been since we last saw you ? Youssif 's dad : His life is getting better and better . He 's changed a lot , as you know . His English is great , and he is making a lot of of friends . He is much better than before . CNN : How about you ? Youssif 's dad : Life is getting really hard , and I 'm just doing my best to keep my family happy and my kids . CNN : Are you happy here in the United States ? Youssif 's dad : I am happy , yes . I am happy especially because I see my kids happy . It means a lot to me . I see them happy . I 'm here for their future . CNN : Do you think you can do it ? Can you make a life here in the United States ? Youssif 's dad : It 's not easy . I have two part-time jobs ... but it 's not even covering even the rent . I get a little help for food from the government . I 'm trying to find a full-time job . I 'm just trying to make it all work . CNN : Youssif seems happy today . I know you 're happy about that . Does he know what the rest of the world is like ? Youssif 's dad : I think he 's a smart boy . He knows what 's going on . Sometimes he comes and asks questions like a big man , not a little boy . So I think he knows what 's going on . Burned Iraqi boy 's road to recovery CNN : Do you worry about that -- when he goes to a new school he 's going to get teased ? Youssif 's dad : Yes . CNN : Does a father prepare his son for that ? Youssif 's dad : We have to be strong , and then we have to make him strong , too . I let him know that if anyone is going to come to you and tease you , you have to be smart and think before you do anything wrong . CNN : Do you worry new wounds will be opened up emotionally ? Youssif 's dad : I do n't know about the new kids , how they 're going to act towards him . He 'll be fine with the friends he has now , but with the new kids , I think it is going to be hard . CNN : Do you tell people what happened to Youssif ? Youssif 's dad : Sometimes it bothers me when they do n't ask and they keep just looking . It really bothers me . If they came to me and asked me , I would answer . I would love to answer and tell them what 's going on instead of just looking at him . That bothers me a lot . Youssif 's mom : Why my son ? CNN : Does Youssif ask you to tell him about the attack ? Youssif 's dad : He does n't ask . He does n't say anything about his face . Nothing bothers him , but it bothers me . I 'm doing my best to keep them happy . CNN : Youssif seems very ambitious and very courageous . What do you think about that when he says he wants to be a doctor ? Youssif 's dad : I 'm so happy to hear that , of course . Sometimes he comes to me and says , "  I know you work like every day , you do n't sleep well . I hope one day I 'm going to be become a doctor , and then I will buy a house , pay for everything , and then you just rest , Dad . " Sometimes when he comes to tell me that , I cry . It just means a lot to me . CNN : It 's been almost six years now since you 've been in the United States . What do you think the next five years hold ? Youssif 's dad : We do n't know what is going to happen , but I hope it keeps getting better and better . If you would like to donate to Youssif 's family , you can reach them directly on Twitter .	Youssif was set on fire as he played in his Baghdad yard in 2007 CNN viewers , readers paid for the boy to come to the United States for treatment Youssif is now 10 and in the fifth grade in California He says he wants to become a doctor to help his family and others
CNN  -- Lazio will play its next two European matches behind closed doors after football authorities punished the Italian club for several offenses , including a fourth charge of racist behavior this season . European football 's governing body also fined Lazio $ 40,000  $ 52,000  following incidents in last week 's Europa League round of 32 tie with German side Borussia Monchengladbach . Lazio had already been fined a total of $ 230,000 for racist abuse and other fan offenses during two group-stage matches with English team Tottenham Hotspur and another against Slovenia 's Maribor . The Rome-based team has appealed UEFA 's latest decision , which was handed down for "  setting off and throwing fireworks , racist behavior and insufficient organization . " "  The control and disciplinary body decided to order Lazio to play their next two UEFA competition matches as host club behind closed doors , " read UEFA 's statement . It applies to the home leg of Lazio 's last-16 clash in the second-tier competition against another German team , Stuttgart , on March 14 . "  The remaining game behind closed doors applies to the next UEFA competition match for which the club would qualify , " the ruling body said . It is also the second time in a matter of days that a top Italian team has been cited for racism . Inter Milan was fined $ 50,000  $ 65,500  by the Italian football federation on Tuesday after its supporters directed abuse at former player Mario Balotelli during Sunday 's derby match with city rival AC Milan . Lazio president Claudio Lotito was disappointed by UEFA 's decision , saying it was unfair on the majority of fans at the Stadio Olimpico . "  We can not as a club be penalized for the mistakes of a small minority  and  we will lodge an appeal , " Lotito told RaiSport . "  Lazio did everything we could and should have done to stop this from happening . It seems absurd to me that we have to play behind closed doors , which will seriously damage the club economically and stop the fans from participating in this event . "  We must distinguish between the delinquents who act on their own volition and those fans who express themselves in a civilized fashion . " UEFA meted out a heavier punishment to Turkish club Fenerbahce following last week 's home Europa League match against BATE Borisov , threatening the Istanbul team with a one-season ban from from European competition if it offends again in the next two years . That sanction is probationary , but Fenerbahce will have to play the home leg of its last-16 clash with Viktoria Plzen on March 14 behind closed doors and pay a $ 60,000  $ 79,000  after its fans set off and threw fireworks from outside the stadium . Fenerbahce 's Portugal midfielder Raul Meireles will miss both games against the Czech club after being sent off in the February 14 away leg against BATE .	Serie A side Lazio punished for a series of offenses including racism UEFA says Lazio must play next two European home games behind closed doors The Rome-based team also fined $ 40,000  $ 52,000  by ruling body It is the fourth time this season Lazio has been punished by UEFA
CNN  Empathy . Confidence . Passion . These are the traits the next police chief in Ferguson , Missouri , will need to shrink the ocean of distrust between community and police . So says Cecil Smith . And maybe he should know . Smith is the police chief in Sanford , Florida , another community rocked by racial tensions and poor police-community relations after the high-profile shooting of a black teenager -- the 2012 death of Trayvon Martin . And if Smith 's experience is any guide , it will take "  a lot of prayer and a little goading " to convince someone to step into the job vacated this week by Chief Thomas Jackson . "  That community , as we see , has been hurting and struggling for some time now , " he says . And how : -- The community remains deeply scarred by the events last year , after the August shooting death of unarmed African-American teenager Michael Brown by a white Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson , and the November decision by the St. Louis County Grand Jury not to charge Wilson , who later resigned . Occasionally violent protests and sometimes heavy-handed responses by police deepened divisions and distrust . -- The police department was already groaning under the epic weight of months of nearly constant protest and last week 's release of a damning Department of Justice report that found evidence of discriminatory conduct on the part of Ferguson officials . -- Add to that the obvious fears facing officers following the shooting early Thursday of two police officers only hours after Jackson resigned . The decision for Jackson to step aside was a mutual one between the chief and city , Mayor James Knowles told reporters . He 'll get severance and a year of health insurance and will turn the reins over to Ferguson police Lt. Col Al Eickhoff next week . The city will launch a nationwide search for a permanent replacement , Knowles said . "  The City of Ferguson looks to become an example of how a community can move forward in the face of adversity . We are committed to keeping our police department and having one that exhibits the highest degree of professionalism and fairness , " said Knowles -- who has himself been targeted by protesters demanding he resign . To get there , it might look to Sanford for guidance . There , trust in the police department bottomed out in the aftermath of the Trayvon Martin shooting . While no police officers were involved in the shooting , anger over their perceived failure to arrest the teenager 's killer , George Zimmerman , pushed relations in the community to a boiling point , eventually resulting in the firing of Chief Bill Lee . Zimmerman eventually was arrested , and a jury acquitted him . Smith watched the chaos play out from Elgin , Illinois , where he was deputy police chief . A former boss in Illinois suggested he look at the job , so he traveled to Florida on his own time , getting to know the community and learning what divided residents and police . He still is n't sure how to explain why he took the job . "  The first year , I was still wondering , was it a smart move ? " Smith joked . But things are better now , he says . After taking the job , Smith made it a point of spending time "  walking and talking " in Sanford , building relationships with community leaders and everyday residents . Inside the department , stepped up training in engagement and ethical policing . He also stepped up recruitment of African-American officers . "  One of the things that 's going on is we do n't have people who look like us in the community , " said Smith , himself an African-American . He handed out long-delayed promotions . And he even presided over a makeover , enlisting officers to help choose new uniforms . The new chief in Ferguson will likely need to do some of the same things , Smith says . Community leaders and other officials agree . "  We need to deal with the culture issue here to make sure whoever is coming in behind Chief Jackson is not a new face and a new name on the same type of issues , " Patricia Bynes , a Democratic committeewoman for Ferguson Township , " told CNN Wednesday . "  We need to seriously deal with the culture of the police department and the municipal courts and the way the city is run . " New York police Commissioner William Bratton said there are two issues confronting the heads of police forces . There is the lack of trust on the community 's part and the lack of confidence some officers have in their leadership . On the first issue , he said : "  You need to be willing to embrace that there is a need to change . " To police leadership consultant John Vanek , whoever takes over the Ferguson department will need to have the same leadership traits valued in boardrooms across the world -- the ability to form partnerships across organizational lines , to think differently , to turn failure into success and to do it all in a harsh media spotlight . But that 's easier said than done . "  There 's going to be a lot of hostility in Ferguson for a long time , " he said . So will the new chief need to be African-American to help defuse the racial tensions roiling the city ? Here 's the politic answer : Find the right candidate , regardless of race . "  You want to find the best candidate to be police chief , " said attorney Benjamin Crump , who has represented the families of both Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown . "  But diversity is very important . It 's very important that the police officers understand the communities , at least want to engage with members of the community they are going to be protecting and serving . " "  There 's an old saying in the black community that everybody else is protected and served but we are policed , " Crump said . "  We do n't want to be policed . We want to be protected and served as any American citizen . " CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NYPD commissioner : Chiefs need to embrace need for change Ferguson might look to Sanford , Florida 's experience when choosing a new chief That city also had to find ways to heal divisions between community and police
When vulnerable Senate Democrats fled President Barack Obama this year , they left on the table a national midterm message that voters say is often the top issue for them : Their wallets . The national unemployment rate is at its lowest since 2008 and the stock market continues to break record highs -- not universal indicators of widespread wealth , but prominent signals that the economy is recovering from the Great Recession . And at a much more granular level , gas prices have hit their lowest level in nearly four years , the national average creeping below $ 3 a gallon and putting more money back into the pockets of nearly every voter with a car . But you do n't see vulnerable Democrats trumpeting those economic gains in ads this fall as they try to keep Senate seats blue . Instead , vulnerable candidates have focused on women 's issues  see Sen. Mark Udall in Colorado  and have spent most of their time trying to deflect attacks and set themselves apart from Washington and Obama . The lack of messaging on the improved economy is also because economic indicators do n't always translate into voters ' minds , Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics , said . "  People do n't feel the recovery and they are still worried about the economy , " Sabato said . "  A candidate who in essence says you have n't had it so good -- even if backed up by the facts -- seems out of touch . " Economic gains are also a hard sell for the president 's party in a midterm election , he added . And in North Carolina while gas prices have even fallen below the national average , Sen. Kay Hagan is an example of vulnerable Democrats who have avoided talking up economic gains . Ben Ray , spokesman for the coordinated Democratic effort in North Carolina , said positive economic news has largely stayed off the campaign trail because "  a lot of Americans are still having a tough time . " "  I 'm sure everyone appreciates being able to gas up their car for a little bit less this month , but there 's still a lot of work that remains to be done on the economy , " Ray said . But when there 's bad news at the pump , it 's almost always a campaign issue . Republicans wasted no time blaming Obama and Democrats when gas prices shot up to nearly $ 4 a gallon in 2011 . "  If they were at a four year high I think you 'd be hearing a lot more about them , " Thomas Holbrook , a political scientist at the University of Minnesota , said . "  I think Democrats have had a hard time wanting to run on these positive national indicators in part because the President is still relatively unpopular and if they try to nationalize the election in some way by focusing on these positive indicators , basically they would just be reminding people that the election is about Obama . " And that 's exactly what Republicans did this cycle : turn the election into a mandate on Obama 's presidency and weaving a narrative of what they see as the Obama administration incompetency . And that crisis of confidence has kept Democrats from touting the lowest unemployment rate in six years as well as low interest rates , increased consumer spending and GDP growth that have economists feeling glib . And from ISIS to Ebola , other issues have also overshadowed Democrats ' attempts to keep on their key issue points of raising the minimum wage and fighting for equal pay . "  Ebola has sucked the oxygen out of the room , " said Steven Roberts , a former New York Times White House correspondent and the Shapiro Professor of Media and Public Affairs at George Washington University said . "  Other noise , other stories just dominated the news and made it difficult for any Democrat , including the President , to break through . " And the crises helped compound the Republican argument that the country is headed on the wrong track -- even a dangerous one -- and that the Obama administration and Democrats are responsible . Nearly two-thirds of Americans believe the country is headed in the wrong direction , according to the latest NBC News/Marist poll . " -LSB- Ebola and ISIS -RSB- have added a vague sense of menace , a vague sense of anxiety and unease , " Roberts said . "  They add to a sense that things are out of control . That this administration is reacting -- following not leading . " And while Obama has consistently reminded the public that his "  policies are on the ballot " -- chagrining Democratic operatives -- it seems his economic policies have n't made the cut .	Despite good economic news and record-low gas prices , Democrats have still struggled this cycle An unpopular president has kept Democrats from talking up economic gains And with many Americans still hurting , it 's difficult to boast economic growth Plus , crises like Ebola and ISIS have crowded out Democratic talking points
CNN  -- Paul Walker 's sudden death has left many in Hollywood nearly too stunned to speak . As the news of his death spread on Saturday , some celebrities , including Lady Gaga and Alyssa Milano , tweeted their disbelief . Adored for his work in the "  Fast & Furious " movie franchise , Walker was in the midst of filming a seventh installment at the time of his death . Two of his co-stars in the blockbuster series , Ludacris and Tyrese , expressed their grief on social media . "  I ca n't believe I 'm writing this , " singer/actor Tyrese shared on Instagram , along with a photo of himself with the late star . "  My heart is hurting so bad no one can make me believe this is real Father God I pray that you send clarity over this cause I just do n't understand ... My heart hurts it 's broken no one can convince me that this is real ... . Prayer warriors please pray real hard for his only child , his daughter and family ... " Ludacris , meanwhile , remembered Walker for his "  humble spirit " with a verse : "  Wherever you blessed your presence you always left a mark , we were like brothers & our birthdays are only 1 day apart , now You will forever hold a place in all of our hearts . " The 40-year-old actor , who rose to fame in 2001 's "  The Fast & The Furious " after appearing in '90s hits "  She 's All That " and "  Varsity Blues , " died in a car accident . He 'd been attending a charity event for his organization , Reach Out Worldwide . Throughout the industry , several are mourning the loss of a great friend and , by their account , giving humanitarian : Tellingly , Walker 's passing was felt throughout the entertainment world , as even those outside of acting took a moment to reflect on the sobering death . Walker 's next film , "  Hours , " is scheduled to be released on December 13 .	Actor Paul Walker died in a car crash Saturday Several in Hollywood were stunned by the news Stars took to social media to express their grief
Kigali , Rwanda  CNN  -- The small group of young men walk confidently into the gymnasium in the Rwandan capital of Kigali , sit down and casually unfasten their legs . Each prosthetic limb is of differing sizes and shapes . Some are adorned with Nike trainers , others Puma . Each is left abandoned by the wheelchairs that circle the small volleyball court drawn out on to the hard concrete surface as their owners take to the floor and artfully glide into position . It has been a tough month for the Rwandan sitting volleyball team . Every day has seen double practice sessions . They have the biggest matches of their lives to prepare for : a Sub-Saharan qualification tournament against the likes of Kenya and the Democratic Republic of Congo . It is due to take place on home soil , in Kigali , and the Rwandans are the favorites . But it 's not local bragging rights at stake . The winner secures a place at the 2012 London Paralympics . Rwanda is a country that is still synonymous with the 1994 genocide that saw the slaughter of close to a million people in eight months during a civil war between the dominant Hutus against the minority Tutsis . Follow CNN 's Paralympics live blog Today the country is still in the process of rebuilding from that brutal , almost unimaginable horror . But there is one sign of the genocide that can not be erased so easily . The hundreds of thousands of amputees left maimed , but who survived the violence , who move silently through the crowded markets and streets like apologetic ghosts ; unseen and unheard . No one talks of the genocide any more . But the amputees remain a record of the country 's horrific past . It is a situation that the young men sitting on the floor practicing sitting volleyball are only too aware of . "  I started in 2009 and saw the game and I was n't comfortable with it , but after a year I saw it was a good game for people with disabilities , " said 25-year-old university student Emile Vuningoma , who plays as an attacker in the team , as he took a break from training in the dark hall . Join the Paralympics conversation #cnnparalympics Vuningoma was born with his disability , but his parents did n't have the money to pay for the medical treatment that might have allowed him to use his leg . Playing for the team has given him a sense of purpose that many disabled people in Rwanda have yet to find . "  To be at London is very important for people with disabilities in Rwanda because we have to be there to present our country to the people with disabilities and those without disabilities , " he said . "  There are some people in Rwanda who have the injuries from the 1994 genocide and do not have the capabilities to be part of society . They think about the past . There are so many with disabilities from the 1994 genocide . We are working hard to go to all the provinces and ask them to come back . " Laying ghosts to rest One player who was directly affected by the genocide was the team 's captain Dominique Bizimana , who is also the head of the Rwandan Paralympic Committee . "  There was the genocide and we were young , there was mines and by bad chance I lost my leg when I was 16 , " he explained . "  I was a volleyball player before I lost my leg . But when I lost my leg I said , ` No , I can not give up . I have to fight to play sports . ' And I started to play sitting volleyball in 2004 . We are lucky because sports is one of the only ways to integrate people with disabilities  into society  . We use sports as one way to do this . " Sport has also offered Bizimana the chance to lay to rest some of his own ghosts . During the genocide he was a 16-year-old conscript in a Tutsi militia . Playing next to him at the London 2012 Paralympic Games is 48-year-old Jean Rukondo , who fought against him in the Hutu-dominated army . Both lost a leg in the fighting but are now on the same team and best of friends . Training begins . The players move quickly across the floor at breakneck speed , careful to keep part of their backside and thigh on the floor at the same time  the main rule in sitting volleyball  . Standing over them is Peter Karreman , the team 's Dutch coach who masterminded Rwanda 's qualification to the world championships last year . They lost every game , some heavily , but the experience ahead of the the Sub-Saharan qualification tournament was invaluable . "  About eight years ago I was training regular volleyball and by coincidence I saw sitting volleyball and it got me , it hit me in my heart . I became the head coach of Dutch team . Then the Rwanda team asked me , " he said outside the hall . Many challenges Unlike some disability sports , sitting volleyball is so tough to master , and so fast , that the technique of some of the top players is better than those in the able-bodied game . "  The rules are the same , but the term sitting is not good . They are moving on the ground , moving moving , " explained Karreman . "  The rest of the game is the same . But it is fast , the field is smaller . So it 's very attractive . It 's good to play for the regular players because they learn how to play fast as well . It 's good for their technique . " But preparing the team for the Paralympics has been Karreman 's hardest job yet . The facilities are austere . In the corner stands a heap of twisted wheelchairs . The showers have long run dry . And the floor is so hard that Karreman is surprised the Rwandan team are happy to play on it . "  In Europe they would refuse to play on a floor this hard , " he said . Real progress needs more funds . "  To get them really improved they need money . It is still a problem . " The difficulties were highlighted a few weeks earlier when it was revealed that the Rwandans were still almost $ 5,000 short for hosting the qualification tournament and were close to canceling it , and with it the team 's Paralympic dream . Instead the British High Commissioner for Rwanda stepped in and found the cash . "  They have their  the government 's  attention now , " said Karreman before going back to his players for another grueling training session "  This will give a boost for the rest for the country that Rwanda is in London with this team . " ` Disability is nothing ' The tournament went ahead , and Rwanda stole the show . They won every game , conceding just once , beating Kenya in the final 3-0 and qualifying for the Paralympics . They are still a long shot for a medal . As the coach points out , they would have to "  train 48 hours a day " to get close . And other problems have arisen . The Rwandans had to cancel another regional tournament due to a lack of funds , a typical occurrence in African disability sport . Yet Bizimana believes that their appearance in London can send a message to those still struggling to come to terms with how their lives have changed forever in 1994 -- a message that resonates far outside this tiny , scarred African state . "  It is very difficult to have confidence , to accept what happened . Some people do n't have . They are still fighting it , " said Bizimana . "  I think we are superstars . For us disability is nothing . We are able . We are making sure we tell people disability is nothing . It is not inability . "	CNN talks to the Rwandan sitting volleyball team before the London Paralympics The team is made up largely of amputees from the 1994 genocide Up to a million people were killed in violence between Hutus and Tutsis Now soldiers who once fought against each other play on the same team
CNN  -- In the third grade , Marlon Gibson was so overweight his mom had to take him to the men 's store to buy his Easter suit . "  Even back then , I absolutely loved clothes , " Gibson said . "  That 's what really keeps me honest with all this weight loss . I want to go to the mall to buy more than socks . " At his heaviest he weighed 405 pounds . Now the 5-foot-11-inch associate director of student conduct at Emory University in Atlanta weighs 160 pounds . Since January 2011 , he 's lost 245 pounds , or the equivalent of a gas stove . He says anyone can do it his way : without surgery or a special diet program "  I always tell people it 's the three p 's : persistence , passion and perseverance , " Gibson said . The turning point came when the 34-year-old watched his wife tear up during "  The Biggest Loser . " "  She told me she loved me , but she worried that I was n't going to be around long because of my weight , " Gibson said . "  I had to do something . " Gibson had been heavy all his life . Growing up , none of the adults in his family ever talked to him about healthy eating . They did n't have to , he says . "  My mom used to joke my dad would get kicked out of buffets , he had such a great appetite and such a great metabolism . He never had to work to be small , " Gibson said . "  My mom was never bigger than a size 6 . " His mom tried to set a good example with daily exercise . "  She was the person who got up and did her Jane Fonda video every morning , " Gibson said . But he was an only child , and everyone in his family showed their love with food . His grandmother , especially , doted on him . "  She would take me to McDonald 's nearly every day , " Gibson said . "  I did love a big cheeseburger and fries , and I never met a sweet I did n't like . " He was n't much into sports or exercising either . "  I never learned to swim at camp because I 'd get ear aches , " Gibson said . "  I remember playing kickball in second grade and broke my pinky finger . And from there on out , when they 'd ask me to play , I 'd say , ` Nope , I 'm good . ' " As he steadily gained weight , Gibson said he was lucky that the kids did n't bully him about it . "  I 've always had a great sense of humor and can deflect the attention from my being obese , " Gibson said . That sense of humor also got him in trouble . While attending an all-boys Catholic school in Ohio known for its orderly discipline , he served a lot of time in detention . But being the class clown also paid off with fast friendships . "  I 'm lucky ; people have always been nice , or at least they try to be , " Gibson said . "  People would often give me a back-handed compliment like ` you 're handsome for a fat kid . ' " He met his wife , Sheree , at a fraternity function in 2004 . They were in graduate school at the time . They married two years later . Soon after he watched her tear up over "  The Biggest Loser , " he cut himself trying to force a zipper closed on a pair of pants that were too tight . That 's when he finally decided he had enough . He had to lose weight , and he wanted to do it in a way that would stick . Rather than cut out all bad food , he gradually reduced the amount he was eating . "  I loved fried chicken , so I decided I would eat six pieces instead of eight , " Gibson said . "  Then I 'd reduce it further to four pieces , and then eventually dropped fried chicken all together . I ate meat more like it was a protein condiment . Now I do n't eat any meat at all . I 'm a dedicated vegan . " Gibson said he is "  hyper vigilant " about what he eats now . He 'll start the day with a protein shake before he heads off to the gym in the morning . After he works out , he eats oatmeal with apple slices . Lunch is vegetarian chili with a salad and more vegetables such as Brussels sprouts , broccoli or corn on the cob . Dinner is often popcorn , with an occasional smoothie for dessert . "  By now this kind of eating is a habit -- so much so that when I went to visit a friend in Iowa , I packed my popcorn and chili and ate it on my layover in Chicago , " Gibson said . He breaks from routine every once in awhile , though . "  In May I turned 34 and decided to splurge , " Gibson said . "  We went to a vegan bakery and got a slice of the hummingbird cake , which we split . I had n't had cake since 2010 . " Gibson also exercises daily . "  Spinning is my favorite . I like to do two 70-minute spin classes back-to-back , " Gibson said . He also runs at least 3 miles in the evening and does crunches and push-ups before bed . Gibson stays focused with the help of a coach , Ryan Blanck , CEO of offtrackonpurpose.com . Blanck lives in North Carolina , so all their sessions are virtual . Gibson finds their sessions particularly effective . "  He gives me positive encouragement and tough love . I remember one time he said , ` Your motivation is n't where it once was . ' That 's all I needed to hear . When I went to the gym that day I told my wife drop me off further away -- I need the walk . " This healthy living has paid off . In addition to the weight loss , Gibson no longer needs high blood pressure medicine . He says he 's "  got energy for days . " He also loves to motivate others and talks about his weight loss at church and helps friends . "  This weight loss has transformed my life , " Gibson said . "  It 's totally possible . You just have to hold yourself accountable . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Marlon Gibson weighed 405 pounds at his heaviest He lost 245 pounds by gradually reducing unhealthy food and exercising He believes accountability is the key to weight loss
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A suburban Atlanta high school teacher has been accused of pursuing a "  hit " on a 16-year-old student last month , and the case is under investigation by local authorities . Randolph Forde -- who teaches at Mundy 's Mill High School in Clayton County -- has been charged with making terroristic threats and was released on bond . He is currently on administrative leave from his job with pay and faces an employment hearing in early December , Charles White , a school district spokesman , said Tuesday . A Clayton County Police report says the incident occurred October 9 . The suspect took a student off a school bus and told him he "  would pay him to kill the victim , " the report says . When the student asked who the target would be , the suspect said he 'd write the name on a note , it says . "  The teacher held a piece of paper up with the victim 's name on it , " said Officer Otis Willis III of the Clayton police . Attorney Terance Madden , who represents alleged target and his family , issued a statement saying that problems between the boy and the teacher go back to "  on or about September 29 , " when "  Forde allegedly called my client outside the class and asked him if he is gay . " Then "  on or about September 30 , " the two had an argument in class and Forde threatened "  to hit him in his ` effin mouth , " Madden 's statement said . "  Not only did my client report the verbal altercation and verbal threat to the vice principal of Mundy 's Mill HS , he also reported that Mr. Forde asked him outside the classroom for the inappropriate question of whether he was gay , " the statement said . "  Apparently nothing was done by the school administration to either Mr. Forde or my client , because Mr. Forde was back in the classroom on October 1 , as was my client . " Madden said the school did n't take any action until after a police report was filed on October 12 about the incident . "  This forced my client 's mother to have to remove my client from the high school , depriving him of his education because of fear for my client 's safety at Mundy 's Mill HS , " Madden said in the statement . "  Finally Mr. Forde was allegedly removed from the school after the police report was filed and my client was able to return to school . An arrest was made on or about Oct. 14 . Mr. Forde bonded out on $ 10,000 bond and waived his preliminary hearing , " Madden said . Charles White , the school district 's spokesman , said the district had no comment on the allegations because the issue is a personnel matter and is under review . He said it would be "  inappropriate " for the district to release any information about the case . "  Attorneys can say anything they want , " he said , but he added that "  there are definitely multiple sides to any story . " Forde 's attorney initially could not be reached by CNN . The attorney was quoted by CNN affiliate WSB-TV as saying that Forde had been joking and did n't supply a name to anybody . White says there was to be an employment hearing Tuesday , but it had to be postponed because there had to be proper prior notice of a scheduled session under the state 's open meetings law . District officials are aiming for a hearing in early December , he said . Madden calls the school district 's reason for the postponement "  bunk " and said it "  does n't even pass the smell test . " He said the hearing was postponed because media coverage about the case had begun .	Police accuse Atlanta-area high school teacher of offering to pay one student to kill another Attorney : The teacher had once asked the alleged target , 16 , whether he was gay Attorney says the teacher , Randolph Forde , later threatened to punch the student Forde was joking , and no name was passed , TV station quotes his attorney as saying
CNN  -- World number one Serena Williams won her first ever Cincinnati Open , and her 62nd career WTA title , by brushing aside Ana Ivanovic 6-4 , 6-1 . Williams needed just 62 minutes to dispatch her Serbian rival and win her second title in a month . The victory was the perfect preparation for the season 's final major , the US Open , which begins in eight days time . "  It was such a great week , " Williams said after the victory , before praising Ivanovic 's performance . "  She was playing so hard , hitting so many winners . " Poor season It has , by her own high standards , been a below par season for Williams . She has n't made it to a final of a single major so far this season . And whilst her five titles this year -- in Miami , Brisbane , Stanford , Rome and now Cincinnati -- could be considered a good eight month 's work for almost any other player , Williams is held , both by herself and her peers , to a higher standard . Yet Cincinnati was something of a return to form . She won nine of the last ten games , pounding 12 aces and 26 winners along the way . "  I just kind of close my eyes and serve , " Williams said . "  When you think about it too much you get kind of crazy . " Sweet 18 ? Williams will hope that her first Cincinnati title is a good omen before the US Open . She turns 33 this year and is desperate to win another major singles title . If she accomplishes that in New York , she 'll tie with Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert , who have both won 18 majors , and will be just four behind Steffi Graf who holds the record with 22 . Federer 80-up Later on Sunday Roger Federer won his sixth Cincinnati Open , and an incredible 80th career title , after beating Spain 's David Ferrer 6-3 , 1-6 . 6-2 . After taking the first set it looked like the evergreen Federer would easily close out for the championship . But Ferrer hit back in the second set 6-1 before Federer showed his fighting spirit again and took the third . It was a sensational victory for the oldest player currently in the world top 25 . He will now be heading to the US Open full of confidence after reaching the final in his past four tournaments including Wimbledon .	Serena Williams beats Ana Ivanovic in the Cincinnati Open It 's Williams first victory in Cincinnati , and 62nd WTA title She 's in good form ahead of the US Open Williams aiming for her 18th major title
CNN  -- It may not be scenic and showy like Sydney , Australia 's biggest city , but Melbourne is arguably the most rewarding of all Down Under urban destinations . The Lucky Country 's second city is home to the buzziest bars , quirkiest cafes , best restaurants and most eclectic shopping , not to mention a stunning riverscape . Here are seven compelling reasons to visit Melbourne , as rich an Australian treasure , in its own edgy way , as Ayers Rock and the Great Barrier Reef . Wining and dining Even Sydneysiders , as those residents call themselves , do n't disagree that Melbourne boasts Australia 's most happening restaurant scene . A huge melting pot of Italian , Greek , Vietnamese and other Asian immigrants has made fusion cooking an authentic local cuisine , and there is a plethora of affordable dining as well as fancier restaurants . As the food will never disappoint , head for one of the most hopping neighborhoods on any given night and hit the bistros du jour . There are great eats to be had in Fitzroy , notably Cutler and Co. ; St. Kilda ; Prahran ; Carlton and South Yarra as well as in the little "  laneways " of the Central Business District . Here , the Press Club and Vue de Monde in the iconic Rialto building represent the top-end aristocracy , and MoVida is a rising star . Picnickers , self-caterers and those who just want to ogle the world 's most beautiful food should not miss a trip to Prahran market , also good for otherwise hard-to-find Asian ingredients . Retail therapy Retail therapy is where Melbourne 's neighborhoods come into their own . Sure , there 's good fashion shopping in the city center -- notably Bourke Street , Collins Place and Swanston Street -- but much more eclectic offerings are just a tram-ride away . Check out Fitzroy 's Gertrude Street and Brunswick Street and South Yarra 's Chapel Street and Greville Street for cool , kooky , elegant and vintage finds , respectively . Expect to be waylaid by stylish housewares as well as locally designed garments and great accessories . A couple of names to look out for are Dinosaur Designs in South Yarra , where they make fabulous resin and glass earrings , and Market Import in Armadale for highly original decorative items for the home . Hit the Queen Victoria Market or smaller South Melbourne Market if you prefer to pick through stalls piled high with junk and treasures rather than browse shop windows . If the choice seems too overwhelming , narrow them down with the help of one of several savvy shoppers offering guided tours to small groups of fashionistas looking for the inside track . Art to admire and to buy Art is everywhere in Melbourne , on the street as well as in slick galleries selling everything from newly fashionable aboriginal art to contemporary Western-style paintings , sculptures and installations . Do n't miss the Blender Studios , a gallery and studio space dedicated to nurturing up-and-coming art . The National Gallery of Victoria in the heart of downtown is a great place to get an overview of Australia 's fabulous landscape tradition , but you 'll want to hit the sidewalks to see what the cutting edge is up to . The "  laneways " of the CBD are the place to gallery-browse -- head for Flinders Lane and Little Collins Street , then just follow your nose -- and eyes . Gallery tours are offered by Jane O'Neill , whose Art Series hotels -- the Cullen , Olsen and Blackman -- are aimed at the arty set . But there are street art tours , too . Whether their schtick is old-school graffiti , stencil art or "  paste-ups , " Melbourne 's street artists are pioneers , and you may need a guide to help discover their best work . Getting caffeinated The whole sophisticated Italian-Australian coffee movement started in Melbourne , which has so many iconic cafes , there 's even a tour devoted to them . It starts at coffee-break time , natch , and guests move from one temple of caffeine to another with a reusable cup , tasting as they go . Food always comes into the mix in Melbourne , where most cafes have some little gourmet goody for a crowd drawn initially by the best beans and baristas but often lured to stay on by a little bit more . For those planning their own discovery tour , award-winners include Proud Mary in Collingwood  duck ravioli  , Dukes in Windsor  ham and cheese toasties  , Auction Rooms in North Melbourne , the Final Step in South Yarra and Seven Seeds in Carlton . Take in the water The Yarra cuts its way through Melbourne and has thrown up a fabulous area for both nightlife and daytime strolling and grazing along its south bank . The new South Wharf Promenade has become the city 's hottest drinking and dining destination , where hot names include the Sharing House , Meat Market and the Common Man . Although Melbourne feels like an urban , land-locked city , it actually has seaside life , notably in the delightful old suburb of St. Kilda , an easy tram ride from the city center . There 's an interesting juxtaposition between the old-fashioned kibitzing cafes of Acland Street , where European retirees chew the fat every morning , and seafront joints like the Stokehouse , packed to the gills after sundown with the young downing pizzas and homemade cakes with a few frosties . Enjoy the architecture Who needs an opera house that looks like a sailboat when your cityscape is punctuated by the best of 19th - and 20th-century architecture ? The charm of Melbourne lies in a profusion of wonderful old buildings , including Victorian and Edwardian bungalows with porches and parapets edged in lacy wrought iron . There are also magnificent art deco edifices , like the Manchester Unity building on Collins Street and the nearby T&G building at the junction with Russell Street . Melbourne 's art deco glory days center around the city 's 1934 centenary , which generated a building boom cut short by World War II . When peace came , many iconic Victorian buildings were demolished in the rush for the new , but important relics of the old glory days include the Olderfleet and Rialto buildings , Block Arcade , the Gothic Bank , Hotel Windsor and a whole slew of government buildings . Stroll the streets on your own or enjoy an art deco heritage tour . Enjoy the great outdoors Melbourne is surrounded by beautiful countryside , from the vineyards of the Yarra Valley to the laid-back beach towns of the Mornington Peninsula . Popular excursions include the resorts along the Great Ocean Road and Phillip Island , home to thousands of tiny penguins that waddle out of the sea to parade to their homes in the dunes as dusk descends . There are also koalas on Phillip Island , but these shy little creatures can be seen much closer to town at the Healesville Sanctuary , where they live in beautiful , natural bush alongside other iconic Australian creatures including wombats , kangaroos , Tasmanian Devils and the amazing duck-billed platypus .	Melbourne is defined by a melting pot of immigrants Check out the national museum and galleries dedicated to emerging artists Coffee fans can enjoy a tour of the Italian-Australian coffee scene
CNN  -- The Illinois Senate approved the use of marijuana for medical purposes on Friday , sending the measure to the governor 's desk . The move by Illinois lawmakers came the same day that Ohio 's attorney general certified a petition for a proposed amendment that would allow marijuana be used for industrial , medical and therapeutic purposes . If approved , Illinois and Ohio would join 19 states and the District of Columbia that have some variation of a medical marijuana law . Under the approved law in Illinois , a four-year trial would establish 60 dispensing centers across the state and allow doctors to prescribe 2.5 ounces of marijuana to a patient every two weeks . To be prescribed medical marijuana , patients would need to have one of 42 conditions , including cancer and HIV , according to the legislation . Patients also would undergo background checks . Gov. Pat Quinn has not indicated whether he will sign the bill . Meanwhile , Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine on Friday certified a petition for a proposed amendment allowing for medical marijuana , the first step in an attempt by the Ohio Rights Group to put the issue to a statewide vote in 2014 . "  Without passing upon the advisability of the approval or rejection of the measure to be referred , I hereby certify that the summary is a fair and truthful statement of the proposed constitutional amendment , " DeWine said in a letter to the Ohio Ballot Board . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn has not indicated whether he will sign the bill Under the proposed law , the state would establish 60 dispensing centers If approved , doctors would prescribe 2.5 ounces to a patient every two weeks In Ohio , the attorney general certified a petition for a proposed marijuana amendment
Dearborn , Michigan  CNN  -- If the crooked blue staircase , colorful crank and dangling bathtub looked familiar , well , that 's the point . "  Who wants to play ` The Life Size Mousetrap ' -- and sign a waiver ? " a big top voice boomed across the Maker Faire at the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn , Michigan , this summer . Ahh , yes . At this annual celebration of DIY culture , of course this would appear : a scaled-up version of "  Mouse Trap , " the Hasbro game bent on marbles zigging through a plastic labyrinth . And the circus voice ? That would be Mark Perez , creator of the larger-than-life board game . Almost every run begins with a boardwalk-style sales pitch of his grand machine . "  Are there any engineers in the house ? " a voice bellowed over the sound system , drawing a few claps . "  Who likes to do math in here ? " it demanded , drawing ... nothing . "  Let 's not have this weak applause for math ! MATH ! " Perez played "  Mouse Trap " a lot as a kid -- kind of . Nobody followed the rules , he said . They just liked to build the machine and make it work . In his house , they built and rebuilt the contraption so often , they 'd get a new version of the game every couple years . "  I decided one day to put three of them together to see if I could make them all work and hopefully not poke my sister 's eye out , " he said . His sister 's eye was fine . And as he grew up , the mystique of the Rube Goldberg machine did n't leave him . Why Rube Goldberg machines still matter in 2012 It took him 13 years and 50,000 pounds of stuff to build the big one . The crane alone took two years : It 's all hand-built , but it 's capable of lifting a two-ton safe 30 feet in the air . Its role in the game was to trap a plastic mouse . Because this is real life , and the Henry Ford Museum , its role was to crush a junked white Hyundai . "  It 's the grand finale , " Perez said . But you 've got to ask : Why ? Why build it ? Why take it on the road ?  He did a 10,000-mile tour last year , Perez said . Considering it costs $ 3 a mile to move , it ai n't cheap .  Why put the time , money , effort into oversized rainy day entertainment ? Spectacle . Perez is a showman and artist , in addition to being a builder . He likes the craft , the handiwork , doing something he does n't really understand . He 's not really a physics guy , but this project turned him into one . So why not everybody else ? "  One of our major goals is to teach kids and adults about the physics that surround us , " Perez said . "  Give us the really unplugged vision -- you know it 's not wired in . It 's the real thing with counterweights and science and engineering . " It 's just an idea , but the guy is on to something . A new set of standards for science education is in development now and expected to debut early next year . Classrooms might feel a bit more like Perez 's machine than tidy rows of desks , said Gerald Wheeler , interim executive director of the National Science Teachers Association . How a 21st-century science class should look Some kids excel with a page of gray text . Others need to see something bubble or break before they can really understand . And all of them can benefit from realizing that experiments on paper do n't always work in practice . Wheeler has seen those kind of revelations happen in science classes . Students have had to design a system of pulleys , planes and screws to do something simple like put cereal in a bowl .  For the advanced crowd , make 'em do the math for milk , too . "  The computer screen , like the physics textbook , can be pretty clean . Physics is a lot cleaner when you do n't have to worry about air resistance , " Wheeler said . "  Using it as a team , in the real world , very much mimics what the NASA engineers have to do . " States can decide whether to adopt the standards , but demand from students , teachers and corporate America makes Wheeler optimistic for the future of hands-on , "  really unplugged " science , as Perez put it . "  It 's going to be messy , " Wheeler said . "  It 's going to be a challenge for the country to get behind that , but it 's much more directed toward creating  science , technology , engineering and math  careers . "  They wo n't be smashing cars , but they will be putting cereal in a cereal bowl . " Perez , for what it 's worth , is n't always smashing cars , either . He knows all too well that not every test in every experiment will work . His big machine takes five days to assemble with a crew of 10 , builders and performers all of them . "  Just like the board game , " he said , "  there are moments when it does not work . " As a crowd gathered , a man with two kids sidled up against the protective barrier around the mousetrap . "  Ahhh , " he sighed . "  The smell of invention ! " The kids rolled their eyes , but they did n't budge from their primo trap-watching spot . When the weight fell , they cheered with the hundreds of other folks who 'd gathered to take in the spectacle . "  You just saw , " Perez belted out , "  a successful Rube Goldberg chain reaction ! "	"  The Life Size Mousetrap " is a large-scale version of the classic board game Creator Mark Perez said it applies physics concepts -- and it 's just fun to see Hands-on and problem-based learning will be key parts of new school science standards
CNN  -- One of a small number of women who have filled a void by becoming police chiefs in violence-torn Mexico was gunned down Monday , authorities said . Hermila Garcia , 38 , became the top cop in the town of Meoqui just two months ago . Gunmen attacked her as she drove to work by herself , authorities said . Garcia was one of a handful of women who have taken leadership roles in police departments in cities and towns where men have stayed away because of fear . One of the most high-profile women to take such an assignment is 20-year-old Marisol Valles Garcia , a student who became police chief of Praxedis G. Guerrero , also in the state of Chihuahua . Hermila Garcia was a lawyer by profession and was single with no children . Violence in Chihuahua is due to struggles between rival drug cartels over lucrative smuggling routes , as well as police operations against the cartels . Journalist Edgar Roman contributed to this report for CNN .	Hermila Garcia had been police chief for two months She was attacked as she drove to work Garcia was one of several women to take jobs as police chiefs
Health.com  -- More than one in 10 women develops depression during pregnancy . Now , a new study suggests that women who are treated with antidepressants are more likely to give birth early or to have newborns that need to spend time in a neonatal intensive care unit . Babies of women taking SSRIs were born earlier and were more likely to have been admitted to intensive care . Depression itself can have ill effects for both mom and baby . Therefore , the benefits of the antidepressants -- known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors -- may still outweigh the risks for some women , researchers say . "  There is no easy way out of this , " says Dr. Tim Oberlander , a developmental pediatrician at BC Children 's Hospital , in Vancouver , Canada , who has studied the effects of SSRIs on children exposed in the womb , but was not involved in the current study . "  Depression needs to be managed , and for some women , the use of these medications is appropriate and necessary . " Health.com : 3 Signs you should stop , adjust , or switch antidepressants The new study , led by Dr. Najaaraq Lund , of Aarhus University , in Denmark , found that babies whose mothers had taken SSRIs were born earlier and were more likely to require treatment in an NICU . Women have been using SSRIs during pregnancy since the early 1990s , Lund and her colleagues point out in the report , which is published in the October issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine . These drugs , which include Zoloft , Prozac , and others , are widely considered to be the safest type of antidepressant medication to take during pregnancy . It 's been difficult to confirm their safety , however , especially since investigators have to find a way to distinguish between the effects of depression itself -- and habits that depressed women may be more likely to engage in , like drinking and smoking -- and the drug on the newborn . Health.com : Do pregnancy and bipolar disorder mix ? Lund and her colleagues tackled this issue by including a group of women who reported a history of some type of psychiatric illness but were n't taking SSRIs . Some , but not all , of these women had suffered from depression . "  Using this group as a comparison group takes into account possible genetic or lifestyle factors associated with present or previous psychiatric disorders , " the researcher notes . The analysis included 329 women who took SSRIs in pregnancy , 4,902 with a history of psychiatric illness who were n't taking the drugs , and 51,770 women who reported no history of psychiatric illness and were n't taking SSRIs . All had received prenatal care at Aarhus University Hospital between 1989 and 2006 . Babies of women taking SSRIs were born an average of five days earlier than those born to women who had no mental illness , and were twice as likely to be born preterm . The babies whose mothers took SSRIs were 2.4 times as likely to have been admitted to the NICU than infants who had n't been exposed to the drugs in utero . They were also more than four times as likely to have Apgar scores below eight , just five minutes after birth .  Apgar scores measure an infant 's health at birth by looking at his or her breathing , heartbeat , reflexes , muscle tone , and skin color ; scores of seven and above are considered normal , and a newborn 's Apgar score has no influence on how he or she will fare later in life . There was no difference between SSRI-exposed babies and unexposed babies in head circumference or birth weight . Antidepressant medication is just one part of the equation in addressing women 's mental health during pregnancy , notes Oberlander , who says depression in pregnancy is a "  huge public health issue " with lasting implications for women and their children . Helping ensure that women are getting enough social support and adequate nutrition is essential , he adds , while alternative treatments for depression -- such as exercise , light therapy , and omega-3 fatty acids -- ought to be explored further . "  In general , optimizing non-pharmacological treatment would be a really important step , " he says . He explains that it is essential to follow SSRI-exposed babies as they grow up , to identify any problems and intervene as necessary . However , he and Lund agree that it 's still unclear whether the differences seen at birth will have lasting effects on a child 's development and health . Health.com : 6 Rules for a healthy postpartum slim-down "  As depression itself can influence birth outcome in a negative direction , treatment is warranted in some cases based on the existing body of evidence , " Lund says . "  In cases with mild or moderate symptoms , psychotherapy can be used as an alternative treatment . In severe cases and in patients with a history of recurrent , severe depression , continuation or initiation of treatment might be the best option . "  Every single case should be considered individually , and the decision should be made by the woman and her ob-gyn and psychiatrist , " she says . Health.com : Why you can not wait to treat postpartum depression Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Danish study finds babies whose mothers took antidepressants were born earlier Babies of mothers who took SSRIs were 2.4 times likely to be in intensive care It 's unclear whether differences seen at birth will have lasting effects on child
Two women shot to death by a man at an Elkhart , Indiana , grocery store may have known their attacker , police said Thursday . Police shot and killed Shawn Walter Bair , 22 , Wednesday to end the rampage at Martin 's Super Market . Although state police said they do not believe the three knew one another , State Police Sgt. Trent Smith told CNN on Thursday that investigators have received calls that Bair may have had some relationship to the two women . The nature of that relationship , if there was one , was n't immediately clear . The women 's names have not yet been released . According to Smith , Bair arrived at the store around 9:30 p.m. Wednesday armed with a .40 - caliber semiautomatic handgun and a large hunting knife . He walked around for more than 30 minutes before opening fire , Smith said . About a dozen people were in the store at the time , Smith said . According to police , he shot two women -- a 20-year-old shopper and a 44-year-old employee -- before police arrived to find him holding a store manager at gunpoint . They managed to distract him , allowing the manager to run away . But Bair also escaped down a store aisle , resulting in a search through the store that lasted between 40 and 60 seconds before police confronted Bair , who then pointed his handgun at them , Smith said . He declined to say if Bair opened fire on police before he was shot but said he appeared to be agitated . Police found the women 's bodies aisles apart inside the sprawling store . Tony Beltran told CNN affiliate WNDU that his mother was working at the store at the time of the shootings . "  She told me that she heard what sounded like gunshots , and everybody around her was telling her they heard gunshots , " he told the station . "  Obviously , I was afraid . I said a quick prayer . " Two Elkhart City police officers shot the gunman to death when he turned his weapon on them , according to WNDU . Employees at the store knew Bair or had seen him before , Smith said . Couple 's encounter with Florida theater shooting suspect Suspect entered New Mexico school with sawed-off shotgun and plan Police : Pennsylvania road-rage killer may strike again	Gunman may have known victims of Indiana grocery store shooting , police say They say the slain women were 20 and 44 Police say they killed the suspect after finding him holding a store manager at gunpoint Authorities identified the shooter as 22-year-old Shawn Walter Bair
EW.com  -- After personal photos of Sam & Cat star Jennette McCurdy leaked online , rumors surfaced that Nickelodeon was canceling the show â $ " a hit spinoff that 's drawn big ratings for the kid-centric channel .  An hourlong special that reunited various characters from Sam & Cat 's precedessors , Victorious and iCarly , was watched by an audience of 4.8 million in January . Nickelodeon , however , says these whispers are n't true . According to the network , Sam & Cat is simply taking a scheduled production hiatus . "  We are wrapping up what was an unusually long production cycle of Sam & Cat , and everyone is understandably tired , " a Nickelodeon rep said in a statement .  Sam & Cat 's mammoth first season numbers 40 full episodes .  "  We are going into our production hiatus next week which will give everyone on the show a much-needed rest . " The next episode of Sam & Cat is scheduled to air April 12 on Nickelodeon . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The network says the show is safe Personal photos of star McCurdy leaked online The next episode will air on April 12
Tension dramatically mounted in Ukraine 's Crimea region Friday as its ambassador to the United Nations warned Russia against any further violation of its territorial borders , a warning that came as the United States urged Russia to pull back from the region or face possible consequences . "  We are now deeply concerned by reports of military movements taken by the Russian Federation inside Ukraine , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in televised comments from the White House . " ... It would be a clear violation of Russia 's commitment to respect the independence and sovereignty and borders of Ukraine and of international laws . " Obama said any violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity would be "  deeply destabilizing , and he warned "  the United States will stand with the international community in affirming that there will be costs for any military intervention in Ukraine . " Read Obama 's full statement The remarks were the latest in a series of fast-moving developments that saw Ukrainian officials grappling with rising secessionist passions in the Russian-majority region , where the airspace has been closed and communications have been disrupted . Ukraine accused Russian Black Sea forces of trying to seize two airports in Crimea but said Ukrainian security forces prevented them from taking control . Ukraine Interior Minister Arsen Avakov earlier characterized the presence at the airport of unidentified armed men , who wore uniforms without insignia , as an "  armed invasion . " The crisis echoed throughout the world , with the U.N. Security Council president holding a private meeting about the crisis enveloping Ukraine and world leaders calling armed groups not to attempt to challenge Ukrainian sovereignty . ` This group is making a serious mistake ' At a press conference outside the U.N. Security Council , Ukraine 's ambassador to the U.N. , Yuriy Sergeyev said the country was prepared to defend itself and urged the U.N. 's moral and political support for the Kiev government , particularly in Crimea . Since last week 's ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych , Ukraine has faced a deepening schism , with those in the west generally supporting the interim government and its European Union tilt , while many in the east preferring a Ukraine where Russia casts a long shadow . Nowhere is that feeling more intense than in Crimea , the last big bastion of opposition to the new political leadership . And Ukraine suspects Russia of fomenting tension in the autonomous region that might escalate into a bid for separation by its Russian majority . "  We still have a chance to stop the negative developments and separatism , " Sergeyev said . Sergeyev accused Russia of violating its military agreement by blocking Ukrainian security forces , including its border guards and police , in the region . "  This group is making a serious mistake challenging our territorial integrity , " he said . But Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaliy Churkin , compared the reports of Russian troops taking charge of positions on the ground to rumors that "  are always not true . " "  We are acting within the framework of our agreement , " he said . Even so , U.S. military commanders and intelligence agencies were scrambling Friday to determine what was needed to get a better picture of Russian movements . That included an assessment of intelligence gathering , surveillance and reconnaissance needs , a senior U.S. official told CNN . The U.S. State Department warned Americans to defer all non-essential travel to Ukraine , particularly the Crimea region , "  due to the potential for instability following the departure of former President Yanukovych and the establishment of a new government . " Meanwhile , Obama is considering not attending the G8 Summit in Sochi , Russia , in June , if Russian troops remain in the Ukraine , a senior administration official familiar with the discussions told CNN . Both officials spoke on condition of anonymity . Kerry talks to Russian foreign minister The Russian Foreign Ministry said maneuvers of armored vehicles from the Russian Black Sea Fleet in Crimea were needed for security and were in line with bilateral agreements . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he spoke with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Friday morning about the airport and military activities , and Lavrov told Kerry that the Russians "  are not engaging in any violation of the sovereignty " of Ukraine . Russia has a military base agreement with the country . Lavrov told him the military exercises were prescheduled and unrelated to the events in Ukraine , Kerry said . "  I nevertheless made it clear that that could be misinterpreted at the moment , " Kerry said , "  and there are enough tensions that it is important for everybody to be extremely careful not to inflame the situation and send the wrong messages . " Yanukovych 's news conference was under way in Russia , Kerry said , as he spoke with Lavrov . Kerry said Lavrov had reaffirmed to him a commitment that Russia would "  respect the territorial integrity of Ukraine . " "  We would overwhelmingly stress today that we urge all parties -- all parties ; that includes the new interim technical government , rightists , oppositionists and others , anybody in the street who is armed -- we urge all parties to avoid any steps that could be misinterpreted or lead to miscalculation or do anything other than to work to bring that peace and stability and peaceful transition within the governing process within Ukraine , " Kerry said . Russian response In a telephone call with European leaders , Russian President Vladimir Putin stressed the importance of avoiding a further escalation of violence in Ukraine , the Kremlin said in a prepared statement Friday . Putin also called for a normalization of the situation , speaking with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , British Prime Minister David Cameron and European Council President Herman Van Rompuy , according to the Kremlin . Crimea was handed to Ukraine by the Soviet Union in 1954 . Just over half its population is ethnic Russian , while about a quarter are Ukrainians and a little more than 10 % are Crimean Tatars , a predominantly Muslim group oppressed under former Soviet leader Josef Stalin . Meanwhile , Russian lawmakers introduced two bills Friday to simplify annexing new territories into the Russian Federation and simplify access to Russian citizenship for Ukrainians , the state news agency Itar Tass said . One bill also stipulates that the accession of a part of a foreign state to Russia should be taken through a referendum , according to Russian state news agency RIA Novosti . Ukraine 's President in Russia Making his first public appearance since his ouster Saturday , Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych said the newly appointed interim government was not legitimate and did not represent the majority of Ukraine 's 45 million citizens . "  I intend to continue the fight for the future of Ukraine against those who , with fear and with terror , are attempting to replace the power , " Yanukovych said in Russian , not Ukrainian . "  Nobody has overthrown me . I was compelled to leave Ukraine due to a direct threat to my life and my nearest and dearest . " In his hourlong news conference , Yanukovych accused the interim authorities in Ukraine of propagating violence . He spoke against a backdrop of Ukraine 's blue-and-yellow flags before reporters in the Russian city of Rostov-on-Don about 700 miles south of Moscow . "  I never gave any orders to shoot , " he said , adding that he sought peace and that the security forces took up arms only when their lives were at risk . Yanukovych is wanted in Ukraine on charges connected to the deaths of demonstrators , who were protesting his decision to scrap a European Union trade deal in favor of one with Russia . Armed men at airports Back in Kiev , Andrii Parubii , chief of national security and defense , said Ukrainian military and police forces had stopped Russian military forces from seizing two airports in the Crimean region . The Russian military is on the outside of both airports , Parubii said in a televised news conference from the Ukrainian parliament . Weapons were not used during the operation , according to Avakov , the interior minister . Russian armored vehicles were moving toward Simferopol , the regional capital , on Friday , the Ukrainian news outlet TSN reported . Men in military uniforms had been seen patrolling the airport in Simferopol , as well as a military and civilian airbase in nearby Sevastopol since early Friday . Avakov said the armed men at the Sevastopol air base were troops from Russia 's Black Sea Fleet , stationed in the port city . They were in camouflage uniforms without military insignia , he said . The presence of the armed men has not affected the Simferopol airport , civil aviation authorities said . "  We are checking to make sure that no radicals come to Crimea from Kiev , from the Ukraine , " said one man outside the airport , who did n't give his name . "  We do n't want radicals , we do n't want fascism , we do n't want problems . " Other men outside the airport , dressed in black rather than military fatigues , said they belonged to the pro-Russia Unity Party and had come on the orders of the new Crimean administration -- voted in Thursday after armed men seized regional government buildings . Concerned about the latest developments , Ukraine 's parliament passed a resolution Friday that demanded Russia halt any activity that can be interpreted as an attack on its sovereignty . Moscow alarmed some observers by announcing the surprise military exercises Wednesday in its western and central areas , near the Ukraine border . Meanwhile , Ukraine 's largest telecom firm was unable to provide data and voice connectivity between Crimea and the rest of Ukraine because unknown people had seized telecommunications nodes and destroyed cables , it said Friday . There is almost no phone connectivity or Internet service across Crimea , said Ukrtelecom , which is the only landline provider . 5 things to know about Crimea Will Crimea spark Europe 's next conflict ?	U.S. State Department warns Americans against non-essential travel to Ukraine "  There will be costs for any military intervention in Ukraine , " President Barack Obama says "  We are strong enough to defend ourselves , " Ukrainian ambassador says Russian President Vladimir Putin to EU leaders : Ukraine must avoid an escalation of violence
AOL Autos  -- If you do n't eat , sleep and breathe cars , or devour car magazines in minute detail , there 's a good chance you do n't know all the technological terms that pop up in the media , new car advertising and literature . With new models being released all the time , the acronyms can be overwhelming . With every new model year , it seems , there are new technology and acronyms . Here 's a concise list of the terms you 're most likely to see and read about in the 2008 literature . ABS : The most common passive safety system found on cars today is ABS or anti-lock brake system . ABS continuously counts wheel revolutions electronically and when one or more wheels stops moving during a skid , the system quickly applies and releases the brakes on the skidding wheels . This is done so that the tires continue to rotate and the car can be steered around an object or an impending accident situation . Tires that are skidding ca n't do much steering . ALS : This is a relatively new term that stands for active lighting system or automatic lighting system . On some luxury vehicles , you can opt for headlamps that turn left or right  up to about 15 degrees  as the front tires turn to light the road as you make your turns . AWD  also FWD , RWD , 2WD , 4WD  : These terms refer to how many and which wheels on your car deliver power from the engine to the road surface . AWD means all-wheel drive and generally means there are no buttons , levers or lower gear ranges . These systems can be full-time , driving all four wheels all the time , or part-time , controlled by computers when conditions dictate the need for more traction . The 4WD label means four-wheel drive and these part-time systems usually have a selector switch or lever to select two-wheel drive , four-wheel drive or even four-wheel drive in a lower gear or locked position for very difficult driving situations . In 2WD , only the two front or rear tires have power . Traditional RWD or rear-wheel drive is almost always found on luxury cars , sports cars , or racing cars . FWD or front-wheel drive is more compact and is more often found on small cars , minivans and crossover vehicles . DOHC : Engineering shorthand for double-overhead camshaft . A DOHC engine has one camshaft that opens the intake valves and one camshaft that opens the exhaust valves , a design derived from racing engines . DOHC engines are more complex than single-overhead-cam engines  SOHC  and overhead-valve engines  OHV  but generally make more power and torque at higher rpm levels because they let the engine breathe better . EBD : An acronym given to the ABS subsystem called electronic brake force distribution . EBD is rapidly becoming standard equipment on cars that already have ABS brakes . In a panic braking situation , EBD distributes the most braking force to the tires that have the most traction . This helps to keep the car from spinning and reduces stopping distances on slippery surfaces . ESC/ESP : Electronic stability control or electronic stability program are interchangeable terms for the same software and hardware . An extension of ABS , ESC uses sensors and computers to determine whether a vehicle is oversteering  rear wheels out  or understeering  front wheels not turning in the desired direction  . ESC/ESP reduces engine power and/or applies one of the front or rear brakes to get the vehicle back into its intended path of travel . As a means of protecting against rollover accidents , ESC will be required on all new light vehicles sold in America by September 2011 . GPS : All automotive navigation systems communicate with Global Positioning System or GPS satellites . GPS satellites were launched into orbit by the U.S. Department of Defense but are now used by motorists , hikers and explorers all over the world . GPS systems are accurate anywhere in the world from 10 to 50 feet . Combined with a CD or DVD map in the vehicle 's navigation system , the satellites can track latitude , longitude , altitude and direction of travel in all weather conditions . I6  also V6 , V8 , V10 , W12 , H4  : These terms refer to the number and physical arrangement of cylinders in the engine . The I stands for inline , and means that the cylinders are lined up in a single row ,  I4 , I5 , and I6 , usually  . V engines have two rows or banks of cylinders in a V pattern , with three , four , five or even six cylinders per bank , hence V-6 , V-8 , V-10 , and V-12 . The W engine used by Audi and VW has three rows of cylinders , in this case four cylinders , making it a W-12 . Other engine designs include H-4 and H-6 engines , horizontally opposed or flat engines with either two or three cylinders on each side , a design used by Porsche  engine in the rear  and Subaru  engine in the front  . The oddball engine on the U.S. market is the Wankel , a rotary engine used only in the Mazda RX-8 . It has no cylinders , no banks and no reciprocating parts . L  as in 1.8 L or 3.5 L  : L is for liters a metric measurement of engine size , also called displacement or swept volume , which has replaced cubic inches in the U.S. industry . It 's the total volume of all the engine 's cylinders . Smaller engines generally generate less power and use less fuel , larger engines make more and use more , so do n't buy more engine than you need . RSC : One of the newest government regulations proposed for vehicles in the near future is protection against rollover accidents . The system that the industry has created to combat those is generally called roll stability control . RSC uses computers and sensors to analyze vehicle speed , steering wheel angle and body angle . If it senses that the vehicle is about to roll over , it cuts engine power and applies the brakes on one side or the other to bring the vehicle back to a stable position . TCS : Like ABS brakes , traction control systems are becoming more widely available , even on low-priced cars , because they add so much safety . A traction control system takes data from the ABS about tire rotation and compares the information in the computer . If one or two of the tires are spinning faster than they should be , indicating a loss of traction , the TCS system can cut engine power or engine torque going to the tires and apply brakes individually until the tires are all rotating at the same speed again . TPMS : This is a relatively new acronym that stands for tire-pressure monitoring system . The federal government has mandated that all vehicles in the future should have these systems to protect vehicles and occupants from rollovers and other accidents caused by low or deflating tires . Some currently available systems work by sending radio messages from each tire to the warning on the instrument panel . Others infer from the ABS system that one or more tires has a different rolling diameter , because it is going flat , than the other three tires and sends a warning to the instrument panel . VVT : Engineering term that stands for variable valve timing . Until a few years ago , timing the opening and closing of the engine 's valves was a purely mechanical function and could not be varied . VVT systems use a combination of computers , engine oil pressure and mechanical linkages to change valve timing so that the engine idles smoothly , produces lots of power and torque when needed and burns fuel cleanly and economically .	Most common car safety system is ABS or anti-lock brake system EBD : subsystem of anti-lock brakes called electronic brake force distribution GPS is system that drives new navigation systems : Global positions system RSC : roll stability control , new government regulation to prevent rollovers
Istanbul  CNN  -- Thousands of mourners gathered Thursday for the second mass funeral in two days after a 22-year-old Turkish man died from a gunshot wound . Crowds carrying Turkish flags escorted the coffin of Burak Can Karamanoglu through the streets of Istanbul . His death Wednesday increased tensions in a country riven by deep political polarization in the run-up to municipal elections scheduled to take place nationwide on March 30 . The Istanbul governor 's office issued a statement explaining that Wednesday night , Karamanoglu "  lost his life as a result of a verbal argument between two groups that escalated into a fight where a gun was used . " Two other men received gunshot wounds , the governor 's office said . Neither of the wounded was in critical condition . It is not clear which groups were involved in the fight that led to Karamanoglu 's death . But the violence took place amid clashes in nearby streets between riot police and mourners who had attended the funeral of 15-year-old Berkin Elvan on Wednesday . Berkin died in an Istanbul hospital this week , nine months after he was critically wounded , apparently by a tear gas canister fired by riot police . The boy 's death triggered a massive outpouring of grief and discontent , as demonstrators in several Turkish cities blamed the death on the Turkish government and excessive police force . After burying his son , Berkin 's father took to the airwaves to denounce Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . "  I am addressing the Prime Minister . If he wants , he could bring the murderer of my child to me in one hour , " Sami Elvan told CNN sister network CNN Turk . He went on to criticize Erdogan for refusing to discuss the death of his son or of six Turkish men who have died since anti-government protests erupted in May 2013 . In a worrying sign of growing political tension , the father of Karamanoglu -- this week 's gunshot victim -- lashed out at the crowds of mourners who clashed with police after Berkin 's funeral . "  There was n't a place , a storefront they did n't damage . They burned and destroyed everything , " said Halil Karamanoglu , in comments published by the state broadcaster TRT . "  I am hurting right now . Take pity on this nation , take pity on these children . Common sense ... we have to be united , " he said . Turkey 's Prime Minister has not discussed Berkin 's death in lengthy television interviews and at daily political rallies . But at a public appearance Thursday , Erdogan drew attention to Karamanoglu 's shooting death . He blamed the killing on the protesters who criticize his government . "  Yesterday , unfortunately , they killed a youth that had just returned from military service . What are the people expressing sorrow yesterday going to say about this child of ours ? " Erdogan said , according to the semiofficial Anadolu news agency .	The death of Burak Can Karamanoglu follows Tuesday death of Berkin Elvan , 15 It is not clear which groups were involved in a fight that led to Karamanoglu 's death Berkin died nine months after he was wounded , apparently by a police tear gas canister Berkin 's father lashes out at Turkey 's PM ; Karamanoglu 's father criticizes boy 's mourners
Madrid  CNN  -- An Iranian and three Spaniards who secretly tried to export to Iran industrial equipment that could be used to make missile parts or enrich uranium have been arrested in Spain , the Civil Guard said Monday in a statement . The European Union and the United States ban the export to Iran of certain dual-use machinery and technology that could be used to aid Iran 's military program . The four suspects were arrested April 1 . The Iranian man , 47 , was detained in Palma de Mallorca on Spain 's Balearic Islands , and a judge remanded him to prison April 3 on suspicion of contraband in dual-use material , belonging to a criminal organization and money laundering , said a Civil Guard captain with the intelligence division , who spoke on condition of not being identified . The three Spaniards are from the same family . The father , in his 70s , and a son , in his 40s , were arrested in Tarragona , in eastern Spain . A daughter , in her 40s , was arrested in nearby Barcelona . They face the same preliminary charges , but the judge released them on the condition that they do not leave Spain and report regularly to authorities , the captain said . The charges carry potential prison terms of about 10 years , he said . The investigation began last year when the Civil Guard detected that two metal-forming "  dual use " industrial machines had been illegally imported into Spain . The three Spanish suspects were administrators of the import firm , the captain said . Authorities later determined that the machines had been acquired from a company that works in the defense sector in the United Kingdom and had been brought to Spain with the aim of waiting for an opportune time to secretly send them to Iran , violating international sanctions against Iran for the development of its nuclear and missile programs . Authorities seized two metal-forming industrial machines , which could be used to make missile casings or equipment to aid in the enrichment of uranium , the captain said . The Civil Guard also seized abundant documentation about exports and the sale of defense and double-use equipment , as well as a large amount of computer data that is being studied , the statement said . In January 2013 , national police arrested two people in northern Spain and seized a trailer truck carrying 44 valves made of nickel and chromium alloy that were intended for export to be used for Iran 's nuclear program , the Interior Ministry said at the time . Spain suspends sale of riot gear to Venezuela	Officials say technology could be used to make missile parts or enrich uranium Sanctions prohibit export of certain machinery to Iran Iranian , three Spaniards face charges and possible prison sentences
CNN  -- The hard-nosed stance taken by Mayor Rahm Emanuel in the Chicago teachers ' strike dovetails with the education goals of his former boss , President Barack Obama , but observers disagreed Monday over how well it serves the city 's schoolchildren . Critics such as Fordham University professor Mark Naison say Emanuel is slavishly following the Obama administration 's educational policies to the detriment of children and teachers . "  It makes teachers look at students as their adversaries , " said Naison , who works with public school teachers as part of the Bronx African American History Project and is a professor of African American Studies and History at the university . "  It makes teachers hate their jobs and it makes students not want to go to schools , because all you do is study for bubble tests , " he said , referring to computer-scored standardized tests . But the mayor 's supporters see teachers desperately trying to hold on to their jobs amid a challenging environment that mixes rising calls for accountability with falling budgets . "  The only negative consequence , if you think about it as negative , is that some people are going to lose their jobs . And maybe rightly so , " said Juan Rangel , CEO of United Neighborhood Organization , a nonprofit that manages 13 largely Latino charter schools in Chicago . Chicago 's 30,000 school teachers were in the second day of a strike Tuesday after 10 months of negotiations failed to reach a deal . Emanuel came out swinging in his fight with the union -- typically a reliable part of the Democratic base -- saying Monday that educators had opted for what he called an unnecessary strike that could endanger the futures of 350,000 children . The former Obama chief of staff backs Chicago Public Schools administrators who want to evaluate teachers in large part based on student performance on standardized tests and maintain the authority of local principals to hire anyone they choose for job openings . The question of changing how teachers are evaluated -- for the first time in decades in Chicago , according to Emanuel -- has emerged as the central issue of the strike . And Emanuel 's position is straight out of the Obama 's administration playbook , said Naison , who is critical of the mayor 's stance . "  Rahm Emanuel is very faithfully following the strategy for urban school systems outlined in the Obama administration 's signature education policy , which is his race-to-the-top initiative , " he said . Key issues behind the strike The idea is that by rating teachers on student test scores and closing failing schools , bad teachers will be weeded out and students will get a better education , he said . The Obama initiative attempts to apply a business model to public education , according to Naison . "  They 're trying to see if by putting pressure on teachers to raise student test scores , they can reduce the performance gap between schools in poor neighborhoods and schools in more affluent neighborhoods , " he said . But the results have brought unintended consequences that may be worse than the putative reforms , Naison said . Schools in danger of closing have cut recess , gym , arts and music , he said , and the atmosphere at many schools has been poisoned . "  Basically , all kids do is study for the test all day , which is the only way you have any chance of teachers keeping their jobs and administrators keeping schools open , " Naison said . "  What the Chicago teachers have done is say enough is enough , " he said . Voices of the Chicago Public Schools strike Rangel , the United Neighborhood Organization CEO , said Emanuel has "  done an outstanding job in putting forth a reform agenda for education . "  When you have change , it 's going to inconvenience people , " he said . Rangel , whose organization manages the UNO Charter School Network , dismissed Naison 's criticism that schools end up doing little but "  teaching to the test . " "  The reality is this , " he said . "  At some point , we have to be able to assess the progress of children , and we do that through testing . " Those opposed to the plan "  just do n't want to be held accountable to standards , " he said . "  The only negative consequence , if you think about it as negative , is that some people are going to lose their jobs . And maybe rightly so . " The conflict underscores the Democratic Party 's new openness to changes , such as charter schools and teacher accountability , that labor historically has not supported , said Timothy Knowles , director of the University of Chicago 's Urban Education Institute . "  You 've got three factors -- labor , new Democrats , and you 've got no money -- and that , it turns out , is combustible . " Naison said the policies favored by Obama and Emanuel have gained traction among Democrats because they appear to be a low-risk way to bring in campaign donations from the corporate world . Romney , Obama spar over strike "  It makes perfect sense that Emanuel pushes this , because this policy makes money for the Democratic Party , " he said . "  The big funders love it . Teachers hate it , but teachers do n't have anywhere else to go , right ? They 're not going to go Republican . " "  So , if you look at this fairly cynically , you can beat on teachers without undermining the Democratic Party base that much and bring in much-needed financing from the corporate sector . Emanuel is at the forefront of both , " he said . He called teachers "  collateral damage to the Democratic Party 's fundraising strategy . " Still , Naison accused Emanuel of hubris for thinking he could impose his plan on teachers . "  When the teachers balked , I 'm sure he figured , ` I 'm an incredibly popular mayor ; teachers are pretty unpopular now ; they 'll cave . ' Well guess what ? They did n't . " Emanuel also has faced criticism that he is stretched too thin . He recently stepped down as a co-chair of Obama 's re-election campaign to take on a key role raising money for the campaign through the Priorities USA Action super PAC . Rangel said the criticisms are off the mark . "  He certainly knows how to multitask , " Rangel said . "  I think he can do this -- and more . " In a statement , Emanuel spokesman Thomas C. Bowen implied -- but did not state explicitly -- that his boss was shifting away from his role as a fundraiser for the Democratic super PAC Priorities USA Action . "  The Mayor 's first priority is the residents of the City of Chicago , " Bowen said in the statement . "  He is committed to reelecting the President , but he must focus on his job as Mayor right now . " Emanuel himself addressed the issue Monday . "  Do n't worry about the test of my leadership ; that gets tested every day , " he told reporters in Chicago . "  The only test that matters to me is the test these kids take on whether , when you 've got a kid going into first grade , do they know the letters ? By third grade , can they read ? By fourth grade , can they do the basic math ? That 's the test that matters here . " The battle is being watched closely around the country , Knowles said . "  Mayors want to know if a hard-charging , reform-oriented stance toward labor will prevail , " he said . "  And , likewise , labor wants to know whether a dig-in-our-heels-and-fight-and-be-willing-to-go-to-the-streets-and-take-job action will prevail . " Teachers : Why do you teach ?	The combination of labor , new Democrats and no money called "  combustible " "  The big funders love it . Teachers hate it , " Fordham University professor says "  What the Chicago teachers have done is say enough is enough , " he adds "  People are going to lose their jobs ... maybe rightly so , " head of charter school network says
CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin paid a New Year 's Day hospital visit to some of those injured in two suspected suicide bombings in the city of Volgograd . More than 30 people were killed in the attacks on Sunday and Monday at a rail station and on a trolley bus , just six weeks before Russia is due to host the Winter Olympics . Putin 's unannounced visit to Volgograd Wednesday came a day after he delivered a New Year 's message on Russian state TV in which he vowed to fight until terrorists were defeated . He met with regional security and police officials in the city , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . "  The abomination of this crime , that was -- or crimes -- that were committed here , in Volgograd , do n't need any additional commentary , " Putin said . "  No matter what motivated the criminals ' actions , there is no justification for committing crimes against civilians , especially against women and children . " Putin then laid flowers at the scene of Monday 's attack , RIA Novosti said , before visiting a hospital to meet men and women undergoing treatment for their injuries . The blasts in Volgograd intensified fears of terrorism following a threat earlier this year from a Chechen extremist group to use "  maximum force " to disrupt the February Olympic games in Sochi . No group has claimed responsibility for the attacks , described as suspected suicide bombings . ` Complete annihilation ' In his address Tuesday , Putin acknowledged problems in 2013 but said the Russian people had a lot to look forward to in 2014 . He also had a message for terrorists . "  We bow our heads to the victims of violent terrorist attacks . We will continue the fight against terrorists certainly , fiercely and consistently until their complete annihilation , " he said . While security in Sochi and its surrounding area is considered to be very tight , the attacks in Volgograd , a major transportation hub for southern Russia , have raised concerns about the potential vulnerability of other areas of the country . Volgograd is a main transit point for people traveling by train to Sochi , a Black Sea resort situated just over 400 miles  645 kilometers  to the southwest . The death toll from the two attacks rose to 34 Tuesday when some of those hurt died from their injuries , state media reported . The number of people killed in an explosion at the Volgograd 's main rail station Sunday now stands at 18 , RIA Novosti said , citing the Emergencies Ministry . Another 16 died following the blast on a trolleybus during the morning rush hour Monday , the news agency said , attributing the information to health officials . There was a strong security presence in Volgograd for the city 's New Year 's Eve celebrations . More than 3,000 police and dozens of volunteers were on the streets overnight , the state-run Itar-Tass news agency reported , citing the local branch of Russia 's Interior Ministry . Russian police earlier detained dozens of people in an anti-terror sweep in the city . It was n't clear if any of those held had any suspected connection to the attacks or would face any charges . International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach voiced his confidence in Russia 's ability "  to deliver safe and secure Games in Sochi " in a letter to Putin Monday . Putin 's amnesty In what appeared to be a public relations offensive designed to improve his country 's image ahead of the Winter Olympics , Putin introduced a sweeping amnesty law last month . Among those to benefit were two members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot , who were allowed to leave prison . The amnesty also freed 28 protesters and two journalists who were thrown in prison after being arrested in September aboard a Greenpeace ship as they protested against drilling for fossil fuels in the Arctic . Putin also pardoned former oil tycoon and Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky , who had been jailed since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 of tax evasion and fraud . The Russian president has also faced international criticism over anti-gay legislation passed in July that banned "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors . " In an apparent jab at the anti-gay laws , the United States announced that its delegation to the Winter Olympics would include openly gay athletes such as tennis legend Billie Jean King and hockey player Caitlin Cahow . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	President Vladimir Putin meets with security officials , blast victims in Volgograd "  There is no justification for committing crimes against civilians , " Putin says The two attacks in the space of 24 hours killed 34 people , state media say The first suspected suicide blast hit Volgograd 's main rail station , the second a trolley bus
Russia will buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas , President Vladimir Putin says , throwing an economic lifeline to its neighbor , rattled by protests calling for closer economic ties with Europe instead . Amid a backdrop of continuous demonstrations in Kiev , Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych met Putin in Moscow on Tuesday , where the deal was announced . There , he said they agreed on a joint economic plan of action , covering areas such as industry , agriculture , defense , construction and transport . "  We need to continue our joint work of our governments , our working groups , " Yanukovych said in a televised news conference . Under the deal , Putin said Moscow would buy $ 15 billion in Ukrainian debt by investing in its national welfare fund . The cost of Russian gas supplied to Ukraine was cut from more than $ 400 per 1,000 cubic meters to $ 268.50 . The deal may inflame the tens of thousands of protesters , who have poured into the streets of the Ukrainian capital for weeks , angry at Yanukovych for spurning a trade deal with the European Union last month and turning to Moscow for help . "  He  Yanukovych  did not communicate with us , so how can he sign documents on our behalf ? " one protester occupying the central Independence Square , or Maidan , told CNN before the deal was announced . Despite the sub-zero temperatures , the demonstrators opposed to closer ties with Russia have stood their ground , setting up tents and barricades , paralyzing the city center . They were out in the tens of thousands Sunday -- the fourth weekend in a row -- urging their leaders to mend ties with Europe . Boosting trade The agreements are intended to reverse a decline in trade between the two nations over the past two years , the leaders said , adding that the planned cooperation would be "  mutually beneficial " to both economies . Yanukovych said the focus was on "  economic areas , which is basis of our working together in a bilateral way . " "  We are ready to look at the possibility of rapprochement in economic and political spheres , " Putin said . Ahead of Tuesday 's talks , Prime Minister Mykola Azarov rejected claims that Ukraine was leaning toward joining Russia and two other former Soviet republics , Belarus and Kazakhstan , in a Customs Union . "  These are speculations . None of the papers we have prepared are in any way related to the Customs Union , " he said . Ukraine , Russia to sign trade road map , Prime Minister Mykola Azarov says Economic issues EU foreign ministers held talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Monday in Brussels , Belgium . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Moscow should not fear "  a detrimental effect on Russia " as a result of Ukraine 's signature of the EU deal . "  I do n't believe that the crisis in Ukraine should have a negative impact on our relations with Russia . It does mean , though , that we have to look very seriously about the way in which countries make their decision and are entitled to make their decision , " she said . Ahead of the talks , Ashton told reporters she believed the bloc could work with Yanukovych on Kiev 's concerns , voiced since the Eastern European country backpedaled on signing the Association Agreement . "  We are very concerned when we look at some of the things that are being said , and my purpose in talking to President Yanukovych was to discover what these short-term economic issues are that have prevented him from signing , " Ashton said . "  I feel that we can work with him to resolve those . Some of them can be done through the support of the European Union , others through financial institutions , some of them through the private sector . All of them are possible . " Stefan Fule , European commissioner for enlargement and European neighborhood policy , said a day earlier on Twitter that efforts were being halted amid growing doubts that any deal could be done with Kiev . Ukraine , a key transit region for Russian gas going to Western Europe , has desperately needed a cash injection . Azarov last week told a government meeting that Ukraine was still open to signing the European integration deal , if the European Union would agree to provide financial assistance to Ukraine of around 20 billion euros  $ 27.5 billion  . Future ties Some in Europe have accused Moscow of using strong-arm tactics to try to influence Ukraine 's course , but Russia denies that charge . The tumult in Ukraine goes to the heart of its future ties with Russia and the rest of Europe . Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west and a more Russia-oriented east . The protests have unfolded since November 21 , when Yanukovych changed his stance on the EU trade pact , which had been years in the making . The demonstrators say an EU agreement would open borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion .	Putin says Russia to buy Ukrainian debt , cut price its neighbor pays for its gas Viktor Yanukovych says Ukraine and Russia will deepen their strategic cooperation Yanukovych and Putin meet as protesters rally in Ukraine against closer ties with Russia Yanukovych angered many in Ukraine by backpedaling on signing an EU trade deal
CNN  -- Teresa Scanlan of Nebraska will spend the next year as Miss America after besting 52 other pageant hopefuls at Saturday 's event in Las Vegas . The 17-year-old Gering resident and Scottsbluff High School student played the piano during the competition . Her platform issue was tackling eating disorders . She hopes to attend law school , become a judge and eventually a politician , according to the Miss America website . Scanlan succeeds last year 's honoree , Caressa Cameron from Virginia . The 22-year-old Virginia Commonwealth University student is the National Goodwill Ambassador for the Children 's Miracle Network . The other four finalists were Emoly West of Oklahoma , Jacquie Brown of Washington , Jalee Fuselier of Hawaii and Alyse Eady of Arkansas . Scanlan is the youngest winner since the pageant instituted age requirements -- between 18 and 28 starting in 1938 . The age limit changed again in 1993 to 17 to 24 . In 1933 , for instance , when there was no upper or lower age limit , 15-year-old Marian Bergeron of Connecticut captured the title . This year 's contest was the 90th anniversary of the Miss America pageant . Margaret Gorman became known as the first Miss America after winning a pair of contests in 1921 -- one consisting of women deemed most popular based on photos shown in various East Coast newspapers and the other for the so-called Golden Mermaid trophy . Today judges rate contestants on talent , appearance and demeanor based on performances , interviews and evening wear and swimsuit competitions . The pageant , which is distinct from the Miss USA crown , aims "  to provide personal and professional opportunities for young women to promote their voices in culture , politics and the community , " according to the Miss America website .	Scanlan , 17 , is a high schooler who plans to attend law school and hopes to become a judge She succeeds Caressa Cameron , 22 , a Virginia Commonwealth student This year 's competition marked the 90th anniversary of the pageant
CNN  -- A wildfire continued its rampage through the San Bernardino National Forest in Southern California on Monday , but the U.S. Forest Service said fire crews were gaining ground . The Sheep Fire in Southern California has burned thousands of acres and left this bus a charred ruin . "  Firefighters have made very good progress against the Sheep Fire . It 's currently at approximately 7,500 acres with 20 percent containment , " U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Robin Prince said Monday . The fire , which was reported Saturday afternoon in the Lytle Creek area , quickly grew to 3,500 acres by early Sunday and forced about 4,000 people in the community of Wrightwood from their homes . "  People are going to have to hold off on getting back to their homes until we get a little better containment lines on the fire , but things are looking really good , " according to Prince . More than 1,200 firefighters were battling the blaze , and numerous firefighting aircraft have dropped water and retardant on the wildfire . Back fires have been set to protect homes at the eastern edge of Wrightwood , authorities said . The weather was cooperating Monday , unlike over the weekend when a high-wind warning remained in effect and gusty winds helped fan the flames . "  There 's very little smoke . There 's a few flare ups here and there , but if the winds pick up , we could still have some problems . So that 's why we 're holding off on letting people go back into the mandatory evacuated area , " said Prince . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in San Bernardino County on Sunday so the state can mobilize agencies and equipment to help fight the fire .	Sheep Fire is about 7,500 acres with 20 percent containment , Forest Service says About 4,000 people in San Bernardino County forced from their homes Despite more cooperative weather , people not let back into homes yet
CNN  Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight is out of the hospital and back in law enforcement custody , where he 's being held for his part in a fatal hit-and-run last week in Compton , California . Knight , 49 , complained of chest pains in court Tuesday after pleading not guilty to murder charges for allegedly running over two men -- killing one of them -- following an argument . After being released from the hospital , Knight was taken back into custody by the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department a little before 9 p.m. Wednesday  midnight ET  , Deputy Kelvin Moody told CNN . "  We are not purview to any medical treatment he may be for receiving , " said the Sheriff 's Department spokesman , who did not specify whether Knight was being held in a normal jail cell or elsewhere . Mark Blankenship , president of Everlert Entertainment and who has business dealings with Knight , told reporters Tuesday that Knight "  has special medicine he needs " that he could n't access after turning himself in early last Friday , flanked by his lawyer . The deadly incident happened January 29 , after a flare-up on the set of the biopic "  Straight Outta Compton , " a film about the highly influential and controversial rap group N.W.A. . The argument spilled over to the parking lot of Tam 's Burgers in Compton . "  It looks like he drove backward and struck the victims , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Lt. John Corina said of Knight . "  And then went forward and struck them again as he left . " Officers later found Knight 's Ford Raptor abandoned in nearby Westwood . His attorney , David Kenner , said Knight felt remorseful about the death of former rap record label owner Terry Carter and injuries to Cle "  Bone " Sloan , both of whom he considers longtime friends . "  From what I understand ... he was being attacked and trying to get away from that attack , no more than that , " Kenner said . " ... It 's not his fault . " Michael Shapiro -- the attorney for Sloan , 51 , who is out of the hospital after suffering a serious concussion and having his left foot mangled -- dismissed that version of events as "  absurd . " The incident is the latest run-in with the law for Knight , who founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 and signed artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg and Tupac Shakur . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . And in August , Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards . At the time of his most recent arrest , Knight was free on bail in a robbery case . CNN 's Paul Vercammen and Stella Chan contributed to this report .	Spokesman : Ex-rap mogul back in L.A. County Sheriff Department 's custody Wednesday Knight was hospitalized for chest pains after not guilty plea on murder charge He ran over 2 men after being "  attacked , " his lawyer says ; victim 's lawyer calls that "  absurd "
Paris  CNN  -- President Malam Bacai Sanha of Guinea-Bissau died early Monday , according to an official at the West African nation 's embassy in Paris . He was 64 . The official said Sanha was in Paris for treatment , and died at Val-de-Grace Hospital . Sanha became president in September 2009 , months after the assassination of President Joao Bernardo Vieira . Sanha had served as interim president and defeated another former president , Kumba Yala , in a runoff election . Guinea-Bissau 's history has been marked by military coups and attempted coups since the nation of 1.5 million gained independence from Portugal in 1974 . Those conflicts ravaged the nation 's infrastructure and economy and left it among the poorest in the world . Despite Sanha 's coming to power in what international observers deemed a fair and peaceful election , his tenure was marked by turmoil among the country 's military and political leadership . Last month , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the use of violence in what was suspected to be a military coup attempt , saying in a statement , "  The primacy of the lawful civilian authorities according to the constitution must be respected . " And , despite the Parliament 's call to fight drug trafficking , Guinea-Bissau is still considered an increasingly important transit point for cocaine en route from South America to Europe , according to the CIA Factbook .	President Malam Bacai Sanha died at Val-de-Grace Hospital in Paris on Monday He became president in September 2009 in a runoff election Guinea-Bissau has been plagued by political unrest , poverty and drug trafficking
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Sharon Stone 's former maid filed a wrongful termination lawsuit against the actress on Monday , contending Stone fired her because she was injured carrying groceries . Angelica Castillo 's complaint , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , comes less than a year after Stone 's former nanny sued accusing her of violating labor laws and and making derogatory comments about her ethnicity . The suit says Castillo suffered severe pain when she hurt her back while carrying Stone 's groceries in June . Although a doctor ordered her not to lift heavy objects and to get bed rest , Stone told her to return to work , the complaint said . "  Plaintiff was required to perform her regular duties , including but not limited to grocery shopping , lifting and moving heavy items as part of cleaning the residences , " the complaint said . "  While the plaintiff was still in severe pain , Stone repeatedly yelled at plaintiff for performing her duties more slowly , and called her ` crazy ' and ` stupid , ' " the suit said . Stone fired her the same day , the lawsuit said . The complaint accuses Stone of wrongful termination and failure to provide accommodation for her injury . The lawyer for the actress did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . The former nanny 's lawsuit , filed in May , said she was fired because she refused to return overtime pay that Stone told her she did not deserve . Stone told her she learned from her accountant in January 2011 that she was paying the nanny overtime when she worked holidays or traveled to care for her three children , the suit said . Erlinda Elemen , a Filipino , worked as a live-in nanny for the actress for more than four years until she was fired in February 2011 , the lawsuit said . Stone called it "  an absurd lawsuit " with "  made-up and fabricated " claims , filed by "  a disgruntled ex-employee who is obviously looking to get money any way she can . "	Lawsuit claims Sharon Stone called the maid crazy and stupid A doctor ordered the maid not to lift heavy objects and to get bed rest , the suit says The maid 's suit comes less than a year after Stone 's former nanny sued
