CNN  -- Greece is hoping a derelict airport on the outskirts of Athens -- one which has sparked a keen contest among international investors -- will help solve its debt woes . Hellinikon airport , the sale of which initially piqued the interest of U.S. business tycoon Donald Trump , could be vital to reversing the fortunes of the Greek economy . Greece is awaiting a financial lifeline of 31.5 billion euros -LSB- $ 40.3 billion -RSB- from international creditors , following the approval of a 13.5 billion euro austerity package by Greek lawmakers earlier this month . Alongside aid packages and austerity measures , Greece is selling off assets from gas reserves to sewage works as it tries to gain control of its 340 billion euro pile of debt . And while the potential sale of Greece 's coveted islands caught early -- and controversial -- headlines , hopes are now resting on the dilapidated airport as a potential economic savior . Four property developers -- Elbit Cochin Island Ltd , Lamda Development , London and Regional Properties and Qatari Diar Real Estate Investment -- have been shortlisted by the Hellenic Republic Assets Development Fund  HRADF  to win exclusive rights to the site . The bidders did not respond or were unavailable for immediate comment . A fund spokesman declined to disclose the airport 's potential purchase price but says redeveloping the land will cost around 6 billion euros . The fund has projected a redevelopment of the site will bolster Greece 's gross domestic product , which has contracted by 39.5 billion euros in the past five years to 171.4 billion euros , by 0.3 % over the next ten years . Greece 's vast , derelict , symbol of hope Hellinikon airport was once Greece 's flagship terminal and hub for international travel , but has been abandoned since its closure in 2001 . It stretches across 6.2 million square meters -- making it roughly twice as big as New York 's Central Park -- and it represents a huge commercial project for investors . The Greek government has put the full plot of land up for sale in an effort to raise revenues , spur growth and create jobs . The site is the largest open regeneration project in Europe and could create up to 9,000 jobs immediately , according to the HRADF . But 6 billion euros is a significant sum to inject into a country whose financial crisis has left the eurozone teetering on break-up . "  The Greek financial system is in trouble and it 's very difficult to raise this kind of money in the private sector , " the fund spokesman told CNN . "  Also , the international banking system has not been prepared to take that kind of risk on Greece up to now . " Theofanis Exadaktylos , an academic from the Greek Politics Specialist Group and a lecturer at the University of Surrey , says the sale of Hellinikon airport is a "  priority " for the government and would boost the local economy . He told CNN : "  It could provide space for tourism , housing or entertainment ... It 's a big , big scale investment . " Greece has valued its sell-able assets at 50 billion euros , with 55 % of it in real estate , including Hellinikon . Europe 's most indebted nation has set a target to privatize 25 billion euros of these assets by 2020 . Proposals from foreign investors are first considered by a board of directors and overseen by representatives from Greece 's international creditors , known as the "  troika . " A shortlist is then drawn up and ultimately , the highest bidder wins . Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras and his coalition government are hoping that privatization will increase competitiveness and make up for cuts in the public sector , particularly in jobs . Could Greece 's coveted islands be up for sale ? Some eurozone politicians have advocated the country sell off more than just its infrastructure projects . Greece 's islands , which draw tourist dollars and showcase the country 's beauty , have previously been flagged as potential investment gold . In October Frank Schaeffler , a German member of Parliament and a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's coalition , told CNN Samaras himself said Greece is willing to sell its uninhabited islands . Samaras ' office did not respond to the comment . But while the idea might seem unpalatable , Exadaktylos believes leasing the islands -- if such a program was properly managed and debated -- would n't be a bad idea . Exadaktylos noted shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis had leased the island of Skorpios in the Ionian Sea , where he married Jackie O , previously the wife of U.S. president John F Kennedy . Exadaktylos added leases for islands "  may last for 99 years and then possibly there is an option to renew , but investors do not own the island , so there is no issue of state sovereignty . " Meanwhile , the HRDAF continues to try and draw investors into the country , soothing nervousness around the country 's two bailouts , a hefty debt restructuring and two elections .	Greece is selling off assets from gas reserves to sewage works as it seeks to contain its debt woes The fund has projected a redevelopment of the site will bolster Greece 's gross domestic product Hellinikon airport was once Greece 's flagship terminal and hub for international travel
CNN  -- An explosion ripped through a northern Pakistan mosque where people had gathered for evening prayers Thursday , killing eight people -- including a child -- and injuring 67 others , officials said . The incident occurred in the city of Peshawar , the minister of health in the region , Shaukat Yousafzai , told CNN . A child was among those killed , according to officials at Peshawar 's Lady Reading Hospital . The blast was under investigation , though police and intelligence officials said they believed it was caused by a bomb . The explosion happened at the start of what was supposed to be an overnight service in which congregants were to attend evening prayers , listen to a nighttime sermon and sleep there . Also Thursday , an undetonated bomb was found in a mosque in Nowshera , about 50 kilometers  30 miles  east of Peshawar , police said . People found the bomb in a tin container near the mosque 's entrance before evening prayers and notified authorities , police said . A bomb disposal unit defused the device , police spokesman Turk Ali Shah said . Pakistan , where militants have a strong presence , has long been beset by violence .	Child among 8 killed in Peshawar mosque blast , hospital says ; dozens injured Explosion happened during evening prayers , police say An undetonated bomb was found at a mosque Thursday about 30 miles away , police say
San Diego Padres fans remember Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn 's hitting prowess : 3,141 hits , a .338 batting average and an intense focus at the plate . What they probably do n't remember is Gwynn using smokeless tobacco throughout his career -- a habit , Gwynn told ESPN in 2010 , that he believed gave him cancer . Gwynn 's use does n't specifically come to mind because so many of his fellow Major League Baseball players had the same habit . A survey administered in 1999 found that close to one-third of rookies starting in the major leagues were already regular smokeless tobacco users . More than two-thirds had tried smokeless tobacco . Other studies found similar rates -- about 30 % -- in the majors in the '70s and '80s , though smokeless tobacco use among players began declining in the late 1990s  PDF  . But it was n't until 2011 that MLB implemented rules related to smokeless tobacco products . Worried about the message it was sending to young fans , MLB collaborated with the Major League Baseball Players Association to prohibit teams from providing tobacco to players . Players can not have tobacco tins in their uniforms or do interviews while using chewing tobacco . Yet the players ' union stopped short of banning tobacco use on the field . Smokeless tobacco is the general term for two products : chewing tobacco and snuff . Though snuff can be inhaled , most users place smokeless tobacco in their mouth and suck on it , periodically spitting out the juices . Smokeless tobacco contains 28 carcinogens , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and is a known cause of oral cancer . Smokeless tobacco is primarily a male habit , the CDC says . In 2012 , approximately 11 % of high school boys used smokeless tobacco ; only 1.5 % of girls did . Nationally , an estimated 6 % of adult men use smokeless tobacco , compared with just 1 % of adult women . "  Current use of smokeless tobacco is about half of what it was in the mid-1990s , " the CDC Youth and Tobacco use website states . "  However , only a modest decline has occurred since 2010 and no change occurred between 2012 and 2013 . " Gwynn was diagnosed with cancer in 2010 . ESPN reported at the time that the then-50-year-old faced chemotherapy and radiation to fight the "  slow-moving but aggressive " cancer in his salivary gland . There is no scientifically established link between smokeless tobacco and salivary gland cancer , according to the American Council on Science and Health . Doctors do n't know what causes salivary gland cancer , but the Mayo Clinic lists old age and radiation as known risk factors . "  The kind of chewing tobacco Gwynn used does have some risk of oral cancer , but not parotid  salivary  gland cancer , which is the kind that took his life at such a young age , " said Dr. Gilbert Ross , the council 's medical director . Gwynn is n't the only former ballplayer to battle oral cancer . Most notably , Babe Ruth , Brett Butler and Bill Tuttle were all diagnosed after years of chewing tobacco use . Butler became a passionate advocate against tobacco after he returned to the field following treatment , according to the Oral Cancer Foundation . Still , players say the habit is hard to break . "  I use it as a stimulator when I go to hit , " Boston Red Sox star David Ortiz told the Boston Globe . "  But the minute I finish my at-bat , I spit it out . It keeps me smooth and puts me in a good mood . I do n't do it in the off season . I do n't really like it that much , to be honest with you . " Nicotine , the addictive substance found in cigarettes , occurs naturally in all tobacco . "  Over time , a person becomes physically dependent on and emotionally addicted to nicotine , " according to the American Cancer Society . Those who do try to quit experience withdrawal , often for weeks after their last spit or chew . Withdrawal symptoms can include irritability , dizziness , depression , headaches and weight gain , according to the American Cancer Society . Baseball Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn dies Opinion : The joy of Tony Gwynn	Tony Gwynn died at age 54 after battling salivary gland cancer He 's not the only MLB player to battle oral cancer MLB implemented rules in 2011 but has n't banned tobacco use on the field
CNN  -- A staff reporter for the Agence France-Presse news agency , his wife and two of his three children were among nine civilians killed in an attack on a hotel in the Afghan capital , the news agency said Friday . The incident began when four teenagers entered the Serena Hotel in central Kabul on Thursday and started shooting randomly , according to police . AFP said journalist Sardar Ahmad started working for the news agency in 2003 and went on to become its senior reporter in Kabul , "  covering all aspects of life , war and politics in his native country " and specializing in security issues . He also founded the Kabul Pressistan private news agency , AFP said . The hotel was hosting special celebrations at the time of the attack to mark the eve of the Persian New Year , or Nowruz , AFP said . Nowruz is a major holiday in Afghanistan . Gen. Mohammad Ayoub Salangi , the deputy interior minister , said Thursday that those killed included Afghans and foreigners , children and adults . Six people were also injured . Afghan security forces killed the four gunmen , who police said were under 18 and were "  government opponents . " Police said they believe the gunmen entered the hotel by smuggling small pistols in their shoes and then hid in the bathroom for several hours before launching their attack . The hotel also was the site of a shooting , in January 2008 , that killed seven people . The Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack . Thursday 's attack was the latest to claim the lives of foreigners in the Afghan capital . This month , gunmen shot and killed a Swedish journalist . In January , a bomb and gun attack by the Taliban on a restaurant in Kabul killed 21 people , most of them foreigners . Earlier Thursday , in eastern Afghanistan , Taliban militants stormed a police station in Jalalabad , the country 's Interior Ministry said . At least 11 people were killed and 22 were injured in the ensuing gunbattle , and at least six attackers were killed , according to a doctor at the hospital . The militant group has threatened to carry out attacks before next month 's presidential election . Afghan Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said fighters will "  continue to attack the pro-U.S. Afghan establishment . " Canada pulls out of Kabul as NATO winds down Afghan operations Suicide blast rips through bazaar in northern Afghanistan CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	AFP says staff reporter Sardar Ahmad is among those killed in an attack on a Kabul hotel His wife and two of his children were also among the nine who died , news agency says Police say four teenagers with pistols carried out the attack in the Serena Hotel
CNN  -- At least 118 people were killed Tuesday in twin blasts at a market in the central Nigerian city of Jos , an official said , warning the toll could climb . The explosions , which targeted Terminus market , went off some 20 to 30 minutes apart , setting fire to the entire venue . "  The death toll stands at 118 . This is the number of victims recovered from the scene of the explosions , but we are still searching through the smoldering debris for more bodies , " said Mohammed Abdulsalam , coordinator for the National Emergency Management Agency in the city . "  The figure may rise when the search is over , " Abdulsalam said . A journalist on the scene of the first explosion called it "  massive . " People were screaming and running , some covered in blood . Some had to be carried away , the journalist said . An ambulance driver who asked not to be identified said he saw at least 15 bodies and about 30 injured . Plateau State Commissioner Chris Olakpe described the blasts as "  terrorist activities , " but refused to speculate on who might be responsible . He said the first blast was a suicide car bomb , while the second was caused by an improvised explosive device in a separate car . Olakpe said 46 people were killed in the blasts and that 45 were injured , disputing the higher death toll provided by Abdulsalam . It is not uncommon for authorities to report conflicting death tolls in the immediate aftermath of attacks . "  Terrorists usually want to cause fear and trepidation , " said Olakpe . "  By tomorrow , we will get on top of the matter . " In a statement , President Goodluck Jonathan condemned the bombings as a "  tragic assault on human freedom " and described those behind them as "  cruel and evil . " "  President Jonathan assures all Nigerians that government remains fully committed to winning the war against terror , and this administration will not be cowed by the atrocities of enemies of human progress and civilization , " the statement said , adding that Nigeria was committed to implementing anti-terrorism measures and resolutions put forth at a recent summit in Paris . When CNN tried to speak with a nurse at a local hospital by phone , she was unable to hear because of victims ' cries and screams . CNN had previously reported three blasts at two markets -- Terminus and Abuja . Terminus market is also known as the New Abuja market . A possible third blast may have been a gas canister ignited by the first bomb . Late Sunday , a bomb in the northern Nigerian city of Kano killed at least four people , according to local police . The blast occurred at a busy intersection in a predominantly Christian area of the city and left several cars burning , Kano police spokesman Rabilu Ringim said . It was not immediately clear who was responsible for the attack , the spokesman said . Terrorism in Nigeria has been in the spotlight recently since more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by the militant group Boko Haram . The terror group abducted 276 girls on April 14 from a boarding school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 girls are still missing . In his statement Tuesday , Jonathan reaffirmed his government 's commitment to take "  every necessary measure " to find the girls and cooperate with other countries in the region to combat the "  Boko Haram menace . " The president also said Nigeria was determined to ensure safety and security in schools in Borno state and other parts of the country and to rebuild the school in Chibok . The government will collaborate with U.N. education envoy , former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , to launch a safety program called the "  Safe Schools Initiative , " said presidential spokesman Reuben Abati . ` War on Boko Haram ' : African , Western nations unify in hunt for Nigerian girls Opinion : Media turns Boko Haram into ` superstar monsters ' Witness to terror : Nigeria 's missing schoolgirls CNN 's Samira Said and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Twin explosions strike a market in the city of Jos "  Terrorists usually want to cause fear and trepidation , " says one official Another official warns the death toll could go higher
A Sudanese Christian woman who was sentenced to die for refusing to renounce her faith -- and then released -- was detained with her family on Tuesday as they tried to leave the African country . Her legal team told CNN that Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , her American husband , Daniel Wani , and their two children were stopped at an airport in Khartoum and interrogated at national security headquarters in the Sudanese capital . The problem involved what the legal team described as an alleged "  irregularity with her documentation , " according to Ibrahim 's lawyers , who said she was in police custody . Ibrahim has a U.S. visa and was headed to the United States with her family , her legal team said . The U.S. State Department said the family was stopped at the airport . "  The State Department has been informed by the Sudanese government that the family was temporarily detained at the airport for several hours by the government for questioning over issues related to their travel , and I think travel documents , " said spokeswoman Marie Harf . "  They have not been arrested . The government has assured us of their safety . " Harf said that the U.S. Embassy "  has been and will remain highly involved in working with the family and the government , " saying "  we are engaging directly with Sudanese officials to secure their safe and swift departure from Sudan . " Sudanese authorities said Ibrahim had been detained because of the documents she submitted . Sudan 's National Intelligence and Security Services said that she had South Sudanese travel documents , despite not being a citizen of South Sudan , and she was heading to the United States , which is not her native country . "  This was considered illegal by the Sudanese authorities , who have summoned both the U.S. and South Sudanese ambassadors , " the agency said in a message posted on its media Facebook page early Wednesday . The airport detention came a day after Ibrahim 's legal team announced the 27-year-old woman had been released from prison after weeks of international controversy over her conviction on apostasy and adultery charges . According to her lawyer , the case began when one of Ibrahim 's relatives , a Muslim , filed a criminal complaint saying her family was shocked to find out she had married Wani , a Christian , after she was missing for several years . The Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim , but she said she was a Christian and never practiced Islam . She was charged with adultery , because a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan , and with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith . Authorities warned her to renounce Christianity by May 15 , but she did not , instead responding that her mother , an Ethiopian Orthodox Christian , raised her as a Christian . She said her Sudanese Muslim father abandoned her when she was 6 . "  I am a Christian , " she said during her sentencing hearing last month , "  and I will remain a Christian . " She was convicted and sentenced to death by hanging , along with 100 lashes . Sudanese Parliament speaker Fatih Izz Al-Deen defended the apostasy conviction , insisting last month that Ibrahim was raised in a Muslim environment . After her sentence drew international condemnation from rights groups and foreign embassies in Khartoum -- including those of the United States , United Kingdom and Canada -- an appeals court this month ruled that the judgment against her was faulty and she was released , according to her lawyer . Her husband , Wani , called CNN on Tuesday to say he and his family were being held at the national security office , but he provided no additional information . Ibrahim 's legal team said the family was trying to leave the country when it was stopped by authorities and taken to the security headquarters . Meanwhile , a man who says he is Ibrahim 's brother , Al-Samani Al-Hadi , slammed the appellate court 's decision and hinted at retribution . "  The family is unconvinced by the court 's decision . We were not informed by the court that she was to be released ; this came as a surprise to us , " al-Hadi said Tuesday . "  The law has failed to uphold our rights . This is now an issue of honor . The Christians have tarnished our honor , and we will know how to avenge it . " Al-Hadi did not comment on Ibrahim 's detention at the airport on Tuesday . In court proceedings earlier this year , Ibrahim denied being related to al-Hadi . Ibrahim gave birth to her second child -- a girl -- in prison last month . Her first child , a 1-year-old son , stayed with her at the prison but was free to leave at any time , Ibrahim 's lawyer said .	Sudanese authorities summon U.S. and South Sudanese ambassadors They cite problems with Mariam Yehya Ibrahim 's travel documents The U.S. says Ibrahim and her family were temporarily detained , not arrested Ibrahim had been sentenced to death for apostasy , then released on appeal
The engineer who was involved in Sunday 's New York train derailment apparently "  was nodding off and caught himself too late " before the accident that killed four people and injured 67 others , a union representative who has been meeting with the man told CNN on Tuesday . Anthony Bottalico , the union representative , said engineer William Rockefeller Jr. recognizes his responsibility in the incident . "  I think most people are leaning towards human error , " Bottalico said . Rockefeller 's lawyer , Jeffrey Chartier , characterized what happened as "  highway hypnosis . " He said his client had had a full night 's sleep before the crash , and that Rockefeller had no disciplinary record . In a brief conversation with investigators , Rockefeller said that moments before the derailment of the Hudson Line train in the Bronx he was "  going along and I 'm in a daze . I do n't know what happened , " according to a law enforcement official familiar with that conversation . Asked by investigators what he was thinking when he said he was dazed , the engineer said he could n't say . Rockefeller spoke to Metropolitan Transportation Authority and New York Police detectives at the crash site before he was taken to the hospital Sunday . National Transportation Safety Board member Earl Weener told a news conference that Rockefeller would have had a chance to get the necessary sleep prior to his 5 a.m. shift the day of Sunday 's accident , echoing comment from Rockefeller 's lawyer . According to NTSB representatives , results from alcohol breath tests for the train engineer were negative , and both the brake and signal systems in the deadly Metro-North accident appeared to be working . Other toxicology results have not yet come back . Fatigue is a factor being investigated , according to a separate New York law enforcement source . But Rockefeller also told investigators on site that the brakes had failed , as CNN reported previously . Officials noted the train had been able to stop nine times at stations ahead of the crash . Weener told reporters that the train was equipped with a "  dead man 's pedal , " designed to stop the train if the engineer becomes incapacitated . But it was unclear whether that emergency system was activated . "  We do n't know what that sequence was at this point , " Weener said . "  It 's too early to comment on that . But yes , there was a dead man 's pedal . " Late Tuesday , the NTSB said the rail union has been kicked out of its investigation of the derailment for violating confidentiality rules . The agency specifically cited Bottalico 's comments as a violation . Additional safety system urged for years Railroad safety officials have long pushed for a system known as positive train control technology , which combines GPS , wireless radio and computers to monitor trains and stop them from colliding or derailing . But the railroad industry has opposed the technology because of the high cost . Steven Harrod , a University of Dayton professor and expert on railway operations , said the transportation safety board has urged railroads to install PTC in some form since 1970 . In 2008 , Congress ordered rail lines to adopt the technology by December 2015 . "  PTC would have sounded an alarm as soon as the train exceeded the speed limit , " said Harrod . "  Technology will help . PTC will help . But there will be some other thing in the future , other ways that somebody will find to defeat the system or screw up . " On Tuesday , Weener said it 's possible that PTC could have prevented a derailment involving a high-speed train such as the Metro-North accident . "  What I can say is that for more than 20 years the NTSB has recommended the implementation of PTC technology , " Weener said . "  These systems provide a safety redundancy by slowing or stopping the train that is n't being operated in accordance to signals , speed limits or other operating rules . PTC is proven technology that can prevent train-to-train collisions , over speed derailments and incursions into work zones . " Salvatore Arena , a spokesman for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority said the agency began work to install PTC on the Long Island Rail Road and Metro-North Railroad in 2009 , budgeting nearly $ 600 million for PTC installation , including $ 428 million last month for a system integrator . Full implementation is estimated at $ 900 million . But , Arena said in a statement , implementing PTC by the 2015 deadline will difficult because much of the technology is still under development , untested and unproven on commuter railroads the size of Metro-North and LIRR . "  The MTA will continue its efforts to install PTC as quickly as possible and will continue to make all prudent and necessary investments to keep its network safe , " Arena said . The locomotive and all seven coaches jumped the tracks while barreling into a curve at 82 mph , nearly three times the 30-mph limit for the curve , according to the NTSB . Expert : "  Twilight " common among train crews Harrod said the early hour of the derailment , along with the decreased rail traffic on the post-Thanksgiving weekend , also could have played a role in Rockefeller 's "  daze . " Harrod called it a "  twilight " of inattention or distraction common in transport crews on late-night and early-morning shifts . "  If he was dead , dead asleep , his hands would have come off the controls and ... some of the ` dead man ' stuff would have come into play , " said Harrod , referring to "  dead man " mechanisms that automatically stop trains when the engineer is incapacitated . "  But if it was kind of that twilight where you 're just there and still kind of gently holding onto to things but not quite really aware , which in my mind is still sleeping . That 's still sleeping . " In the culture of railroad workers , Harrod said , admitting to falling asleep at the controls is almost as bad as admitting to being drunk or on drugs . "  It 's very realistic that he , in fact , really did fall asleep , " he said . "  Falling asleep at the controls of a locomotive is a horrible evil . You 're not supposed to do that . He really does n't want to come out and say , ' I fell asleep . ' It 's emotionally embarrassing . It 's not just a rules violation . There 's a psychological component . If you come out and say , ' I fell asleep , ' it 's just purely beyond embarrassing . It 's a violation of the sacred understanding of what a train crew should do . " Rockefeller is not working or getting paid , according to Meredith Daniels , MTA spokeswoman . "  He is out of service . This is an unpaid status , " said Daniels , adding that Rockefeller is presumed innocent until disciplinary procedures are completed . NTSB officials would not comment on Rockefeller 's reported comments , but they have said fatigue is routinely investigated as a possible cause in such cases . "  We do n't have the work history at the moment , " Weener told Wolf Blitzer Monday on CNN 's Situation Room . "  We will be developing what we call a 72-hour timeline , so that we have a good understanding of what sort of activities preceded this accident . That 's part of our normal investigation . " Harrod said the rail and signal hardware date to World War II and , if Rockefeller was dazed or momentarily distracted , there was no system in place to alert him that he was traveling at 82 mph . "  It 's a perfect-storm kind of thing , " he said . "  You can look back in the history books of railroad accidents and there are plenty more where this came from . Events and things that happen that in and of themselves are not supposed to be bad but they turn into bad things . " Engineer cooperating with authorities The train was about 10 miles short of its destination , Manhattan 's Grand Central Terminal , when it derailed on the approach to the Spuyten Duyvil station in the Bronx . The NTSB 's interview Monday with Rockefeller was cut short because of his emotional state , Weener told CNN . The interview resumed Tuesday and was expected to continue Wednesday . "  I think it was basically emotional issues with the engineer , " Weener said . The crash , which took four lives , was "  a very traumatic experience for him . " Weener said Rockefeller was cooperative but was "  not up to it . " NTSB officials said it is not unusual for those who have survived fatal accidents to be emotional during interviews . Nor is it unusual for the board to allow participants additional time to complete the interview . Botallico said Rockefeller is cooperating . "  There 's a lot of quotes coming from him , but when you 're in a crash like this , anything you say in the beginning has to be taken with a grain of salt , " Botallico said . "  Bill is very distraught . I 've been with him , and he really has n't had a lot of sleep and he 's just crushed by everything . I know how sincere he is and he 'll be very forthcoming very shortly . " "  Billy is fully cooperating with the NTSB , " Botallico added . "  He needed to get some rest . He 's very traumatized by the loss of life . It 's best that it comes from him what happened . He 's a quality human being . I know him personally . I 've been a conductor and representative , and I 'd be proud to have him as my engineer . " Botallico said Rockefeller started out as a janitor at Grand Central and "  worked his way up . " "  He 's been in operations for quite a while , " he said . "  He used to change the time of the trains in Grand Central . He was volunteer fireman . He 's just a guy who 's always gone out of his way for everyone else . It brings me to tears because the loss of life is something that -- it 's the hardest thing to deal with . When you lose life it 's difficult for all . " Said Harrod : "  This engineer , I 'm sure , as the evidence comes out , I think we 're really looking at a sad , really basic kind of inattentiveness . Nothing fancy : No alcohol , no drugs , maybe not even a cell phone . Just plain vanilla inattentiveness . "	NTSB kicks rail union out of investigation for violating confidentiality rules A lawyer for the engineer describes what happened as "  highway hypnosis " "  I think most people are leaning towards human error , " union representative says The crash on New York 's Hudson line killed four and injured 67 people
CNN  -- A missing Fort Bragg , North Carolina , soldier may be in danger , police said Tuesday . The GI 's sister tearfully called for her safe return . Army Pfc. Kelli Bordeaux , 23 , left a bar , Froggy Bottoms , early Saturday , Fayetteville police said in a news release . The GI had been drinking and was given a ride home by a bar employee , according to a U.S. Army official who spoke on condition of anonymity . At some point , Bordeaux sent two text messages , according to the Army official . One said , "  got home safely . " The official did n't know who the text was sent to or the contents of the other text . Fayetteville police searched Bordeaux 's apartment and vehicle , according to the Army official , who did not know where the vehicle was found . Bordeaux was reported missing Monday when she failed to report for duty , the official told CNN . Older sister Olivia Cox said it was out of character for Bordeaux to miss work . "  Kelli is a good soldier , " Cox told reporters Tuesday evening in Fayetteville . "  Kelli is not a soldier who would go AWOL . " Cox , who declined to discuss anything related to Bordeaux 's visit to the bar , said she does n't know of anyone who would harm her sister . Bordeaux 's mother , Johnna Henson , said police told her an individual gave the young woman a ride to the bar , where she took part in karaoke . Henson told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that her daughter was "  spooked " while someone was driving her home . Bordeaux reportedly told the driver to let her out before she reached the apartment , Henson said . Henson said she does n't believe Bordeaux reached home . Bordeaux is described as 5 feet tall , weighing 99 pounds , with blond hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a pink halter top and black shorts , according to police . Bordeaux lives off-post and is from St. Cloud , Florida , according to Jackie Thomas , a public affairs officer at Fort Bragg . The soldier joined the Army in April 2011 and reported for duty at Fort Bragg in November , Thomas said . Bordeaux , a health service specialist , is assigned to the 601st Area Support Medical Company , 261st Multifunctional Medical Battalion , 44th Medical Brigade . She had attended college , relatives said . "  She joined the military to make her family proud , " said Cox . "  She just wanted to have that future securely in place . She knew the military would do that . " Bordeaux and her civilian husband have been married two years , according to Cox . The sisters last communicated on Friday . "  I texted her . And we laughed and joked and everything was happy , " said Cox . Detectives ask those with information to call the department at 910 433-1856 or CrimeStoppers at  910  483-TIPS  8477  . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	NEW : GI 's mother said she was told daughter got out of car The soldier got a ride home , according to a U.S. Army official The female GI sent a text message saying "  got home safely , " the official says Missing woman 's sister pleads for her safe return
Call it a pre-emptive strike . Hours ahead of her appearance Wednesday before a House subcommittee certain to grill her on the botched launch of the Obamacare website , Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced an internal review of what happened and why . Then her department released the latest enrollment figures for President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms , showing a big increase in November after the site 's problem-plagued rollout on October 1 . Obamacare sign-ups hit 365,000 ; still a long way to go The moves appeared timed to blunt criticism by the Republican-led House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health of the reforms known as Obamacare and Sebelius , the Cabinet Secretary in charge of implementing them . A chorus of GOP critics have called for her to be fired over the failure of the website , and she sparred with several Republicans at Wednesday 's hearing over complaints about HealthCare.gov and the overall reforms . While little new information emerged , Sebelius told the panel the government has contracted to pay $ 677 million for the Obamacare website and actually paid $ 319 million of that total so far . Website gets $ 47 million price hike Let 's have a look In a blog post Wednesday , Sebelius said that Dan Levinson , the Inspector General for the Department of Health and Human Services , would review what happened with the "  flawed and simply unacceptable " launch of the HealthCare.gov website . "  I believe strongly in the need for accountability , and in the importance of being good stewards of taxpayer dollars , " she said , adding that "  we need a thorough review of the contractor performance and program management structure that resulted in the flawed launch of the website . " In particular , Levinson will "  review the acquisition process , overall program management , and contractor performance and payment issues related to the development and management " of the website , her blog post said . "  We will take action to address the Inspector General 's findings , " she added . In addition to that review , Sebelius also said a new position would be created in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services that implements Obamacare to minimize risks from major policy initiatives . A third step called for better training for CMS employees on "  best practices " for hiring and working with contractors . A few days earlier than planned , the Obama administration announced Wednesday that nearly 365,000 people signed up for health coverage under new exchanges created by Obamacare in the first two months of enrollment . The figure was a big increase over the 106,000 who signed up the first month , when the computer problems undermined enrollment , but still well below the needed pace to reach the target of 7 million by a March 31 deadline to get coverage for 2014 . At Wednesday 's hearing , Republicans challenged the new figures by pointing out they did n't reflect people who had actually paid for new policies under Obamacare . In a particularly combative exchange , GOP Rep. John Shimkus of Illinois called the new enrollment figure "  fraudulent because it 's not those who have purchased plans yet . " Sebelius shot back that health insurance under Obamacare remained private policies , requiring people to pay up before they get a card from the insurance company proving they were covered . That did n't satisfy Shimkus , who cut her off by saying "  you 're telling us those who shopped are enrolled . " Administration officials say traffic has increased even more since they completed upgrades to the website at the end of last month . Through November , just over 137,200 Americans obtained an insurance policy through HealthCare.gov and nearly 227,500 through the 14 state-run exchanges , according to the new federal figures . An additional 1.94 million people have started the process but had yet to pick a policy . Consumers must purchase health insurance by December 23 and pay the first premium by the end of the year for coverage to begin January 1 . Sign-ups vary widely by state . More than 107,000 Californians have picked plans , compared to only 44 Oregonians . Florida leads the way in the federal exchange , with nearly 18,000 people picking plans , while North Dakota has only 265 enrollees . GOP attacks Led by conservative Republicans , critics continue to attack Obamacare as an example of big government run amok , and Wednesday 's hearing included fresh salvos aimed at Sebelius and Obama . While some GOP legislators focused on specific provisions or problems with the reforms , others made clear their unhappiness dated back to the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 with no Republican support . "  A lot of this is about the way it was passed , " said Rep. Ed Whifield of Kentucky , noting that the Democratic House leadership at the time permitted no amendments . "  There are very deep feelings about this still . " Rep. Joe Pitts of Pennsylvania , the chairman of the subcommittee , said misinformation by the administration about the health care reforms had eroded public trust . "  Every major promise the administration made about the ACA , from being able to keep your health plan if you like it , to being able to keep your doctor if you want to , the very premise of health reform in the first place , that the Affordable Care Act would make health coverage more affordable , has proven to be wrong , " Pitts said . "  My constituents have repeatedly expressed to me that they feel they were lied to by the administration about the real effects of this law . " Democrats lampooned the Republican criticism as overheated rhetoric , with Rep. Frank Pallone of New Jersey saying that "  sometimes I think they 're living on Mars rather than here on Earth . " "  It just boggles my mind to hear these Republican comments about a world turned upside down when Obamacare is working , " he said . The blog post by Sebelius amounted to a sneak preview of her remarks to the committee , emphasizing steps she was taking to find out what happened with the rollout and prevent future problems . Some Republicans were concerned about problems with the "  back-end " operations of the HealthCare.gov website , such as transmitting correct enrollment information to insurance companies . Sebelius said such issues were being addressed , including efforts to contact people who enrolled online to make sure they follow up with the company they chose to confirm their policies and pay for them . Your Obamacare form might have errors She was unable to provide details of how many of the more than 360,000 enrollees so far had paid , adding that they would likely wait until the year-end deadline . "  I think most Americans will not pay until the money is actually owed , " she said . Obamacare : You 're not insured until you pay	Sebelius spars with GOP legislators over longstanding criticisms New figures show increased enrollment in Obamacare policies The bill for the Obamacare website is $ 677 million , with $ 319 million paid so far Health Secretary Sebelius creates a new job to assess risk from major policy initiatives
CNN  I would have done anything to get to Europe . It was worth the risk , the bad treatment and the fear , hard as that may be to believe . Simply put , I have a better life now than I did before . But my journey across the Mediterranean , like those of thousands of other migrants , was n't easy . Here 's my story . It all started late last year when I lost my job in Dubai . My work visa had expired , and I had nowhere else to go . I 'm Syrian , and returning to Syria was n't an option -- going back means you either have to kill or be killed . But Syrians do n't need visas to get into Turkey , so Turkey it was . I arrived in the country in December with an old dream in my mind : reaching Europe . While in Istanbul , I discovered many Facebook pages about illegal smuggling from Turkey to Italy by sea . All of them mentioned that Mersin , a port city on the southern border , was the jump off point , so I made my way there . I met a Syrian guy in a hotel in Mersin who had already paid money to one smuggler and was planning to depart within a few days . He told me his smuggler was a decent man with a great reputation . Reputation : It was a funny thing to hear for the first time , the thought that these people , who I always considered to be little more than criminals , were concerned about what people thought of them . But why would n't they be ? It 's a long-term business , and the Syrian conflict is n't ending anytime soon . So I decided to meet the guy . We spoke about terms of payment and agreed on a fee of $ 6,500 . Some of the money would be deposited into an insurance company , with the usual transaction fees . When I reached Italy the money would be released to the smuggler -- or , if I changed my mind , I 'd be able to get some of it back . "  Be ready all day , every day for the next few days , because you might receive the call to go , " the smuggler told me . One evening a few days later , I got the call and my journey began . They gathered 100 men and women in five buses and drove us to the smuggling point . It was far from Mersin . We walked for 30 minutes , through rough terrain and orange farms near the beach , in darkness to avoid detection by police . The idea was to take us in three small boats to the main ship . I still remember an old lady , barely able to walk , with her two sons , marching along as fast as they could to try to reach the boats . They were told that if they did n't walk faster , the boat would leave without them . I asked myself so many time what could possibly drive a normal person to put himself and his family in this kind of danger . I decided that anyone with a past but no future was capable of doing crazy things . Finally we reached the boat . It was just as the smuggler described . For three days we waited in the boat for two other parties of 100 people to join us before departing . We were in the middle of the Mediterranean , far enough away from the surrounding countries to be in international waters . On the fourth day we started our journey with a mix of excitement and fear -- fear that this madness often ends in tragedy , ends with us as numbers piled on top of all the other unfortunate , nameless numbers who never made it to the other side . But there was no going back -- it 's a one-way ticket . We sailed for eight hours before the boat 's engine broke down . There were around 300 of us on board , and as the waves began to push us towards Cyprus the crew sent a distress signal , hoping to alert maybe a U.N. or Red Cross boat , anyone who could help us . Eventually our boat hit a cliff and got stuck . Luckily , before long , a Cypriot coast guard ship arrived to rescue us and deport us back to Turkey . Turkish authorities fingerprinted and released us within a few hours . Some of the people I had been traveling with said they were n't going to try to make the trip again . When they asked me what I planned to do , I told them I would do it again tomorrow if I could -- another journey through a sea where no prayer works , where no one is bigger than nature , where you can feel so small , no matter how big your dreams are . I 'd already lost everything . My family did n't know what I was doing , but I dreamed of being a human being who is treated like one . I was n't going to stop . So I called the smuggler the same night I was released , and said I wanted to get on the next ship out . Two days later I received the call , and again I headed to a smuggling point . This time , they had a bigger boat -- a cargo ship , in fact , maybe 85 meters long or more . It took five days to get everyone on board the ship -- 391 of us in total , refugees from cities all over Syria . And for the first time , I began to feel like I was in jail , trapped in conditions no human should ever suffer . We lived in the hold . There were no mattresses or sheets , but we found some wooden planks to put our stuff on to keep it from getting wet . Hundreds of migrants killed when boat capsizes For five days we had no food and little water . But at least it meant not having to make frequent trips to the "  toilet , " if you could call it that , which was an old car tire covered with a piece of cloth . Huge waves crashed against the ship from all angles and water leaked in from the ceiling as we slept on the cold metal floor of the ship , the smell of urine emanating from the corner . Seven days in , despite the poor conditions , everything was going well and we were nearing the island-dotted seas near Greece . On the eleventh day , 200 miles off the coast of southern Italy our guides began to alert Italian authorities to our presence . We were adrift at sea , they told the authorities , with no captain or crew . And that was actually true -- we did n't have a registered pilot , just one guy who had worked on this ship before . An Icelandic ship -- working in conjunction with Frontex , the joint European Union border patrol -- rescued us from our captain-less boat with the help of a scientific research boat from New Zealand . The rescue ship approached us but was unable to get close at first because the waves were so high . We knew we would have to wait some time before leaving our boat forever . The other refugees were waving their hands like children and then telling each other : "  Stop waving , they 've already seen us . " I was one of the last 10 people to be rescued from the boat . I can still see it like it was yesterday ; it was the rebirth of a new life . Why migrants head to Mediterranean They took us to Catania , on Sicily , where we finally reached land a day later . When we arrived , the first thing the Italian authorities did was look after the urgent medical cases . There was a man who was poisoned by the drinking water on the boat , a few pregnant women and old people who needed medical attention . They took us to a refugee camp and the only thing anyone talked about was being fingerprinted . They were saying : "  We did n't risk everything to be refugees . We are not going to give our fingerprints , even if they torture us . " Later that night a Moroccan-Italian man told us not to worry : "  They will not fingerprint you . " They would simply take us to different camps and we could leave from there . Twelve days after it began , our journey to Europe was over . I spent two days in Sicily before making my way first to Milan with two Syrian guys who had become friends . We decided to go to Germany and went to Paris first and ended up in a city called Saarbrucken . I did n't know where my fellow travellers were heading , but I knew one thing : my dream of making it to Europe , no matter the cost and risk involved , had been achieved . It was worth it .	Moutassem Yazbek describes harrowing 12-day journey from Turkey to Italy Yazbek , a Syrian refugee , paid a smuggler $ 6,500 to get him to Italy in December
CNN  -- Liverpool , the 18 time league winner and five-time champion of Europe , was humiliated by third-tier Oldham 3-2 in the FA Cup , the most famous domestic cup competition in world football . The Premier League club , which is owned by American businessman John Henry , was embarrassed by a team currently struggling towards the bottom of its own division . On a freezing cold Sunday in the north of England , around 14 kilometers from Manchester , Oldham produced one of the greatest results in its recent history to defeat the seven time FA Cup winners . Real Madrid , Barcelona or Manchester United : Which is the biggest club ? Facing the likes of $ 35 million man Luis Suarez and a whole host of international players , Oldham turned to a man who up until 18 months ago had given up on playing professional football to try his luck at university . Matt Smith , 23 , attended the University of Manchester where he gained a degree in International Management with American Studies while playing part-time amateur football . But after completing his studies , he rejoined Oldham and etched his name into FA Cup folklore by scoring twice before dislocating his shoulder in an enthralling contest . Leading 1-0 through Smith 's third minute strike , Suarez equalized for Liverpool before Oldham scored two quick goals either side of the break . First , Smith took advantage of some awful goalkeeping by Brad Jones to fire home his second with Reece Wabara heading Oldham into a 3-1 lead just minutes after the interval . Sturridge joins Liverpool Joe Allen , a $ 23.6 million signing , volleyed Liverpool back into the contest courtesy of a huge deflection , but Oldham held out for a famous victory . It was a return to the glory days for the club , which reached the 1994 FA Cup semifinals where it was eventually beaten by Manchester United in a replay . It was that year which also saw Oldham relegated from the Premier League -- a division which the club has not been able to return to since . Oldham , which is managed by former Arsenal and Manchester City striker Paul Dickov , will now face Liverpool 's Merseyside rival , Everton . "  I am left speechless by the result . We went out there wanting to battle together , " hero Smith told reporters . "  We rallied and thoroughly deserved the win . We proved what we can do today and we will be looking to do the same against Everton . " Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers , whose side is currently seventh in the Premier League , said he had no excuses following the defeat . "  The FA Cup was a competition we wanted to have a go at and there is no excuse , " he told reporters . "  We put out a strong team capable of winning the game , but we did n't . " Hazard charged with violent conduct Oldham 's triumph capped a remarkable day of cup action in England where European champion Chelsea was fortunate to escape with a 2-2 draw at third-tier Brentford . Brentford , which is less than 10 kilometers from its illustrious west London rival , had taken the lead twice , only for Chelsea to snatch an 83rd minute equalizer through $ 80 million striker Fernando Torres . It was an impressive showing from minnow Brentford against defending champion Chelsea , which is unbeaten in its past 25 FA Cup matches . Eden a Hazard to Chelsea 's public image ? Brentford , which is managed by German Uwe Rosler , will now go to Stamford Bridge for a replay in a game which is estimated to earn it around $ 1.6 million . The winner of that fixture will go on to play at Middlesbrough in the fifth round . James Gibson : The man who saved Manchester United -- twice There was also drama at Leeds where the first-tier side defeated eight time winners Tottenham Hotspur 2-1 . Leeds , which was relegated from the top-flight in 2004 , now faces an away game at Premier League champion Manchester City . Meanwhile , Luton Town , which became the first non-league side to ever beat a Premier League team following the 1-0 win at Norwich on Saturday , will play first-tier Millwall in the next round . Manchester United will host Reading , while Arsenal will welcome Blackburn .	Premier League Liverpool crash out of FA Cup after shock defeat by third-tier Oldham Athletic Oldham , currently 19th in its division , won 3-2 with two goals from Matt Smith Chelsea needed late equalizer to claim a replay at minnow Brentford Tottenham suffers embarrassing defeat away at Leeds United
CNN  -- Close to one million strollers have been recalled by their manufacturer following reports at least 12 babies or toddlers had their fingers amputated after they were caught in the hinges . British company Maclaren said the recall concerns Chinese-made models on sale in the U.S. that open with an "  umbrella " mechanism . The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said customers should stop using the strollers immediately . Maclaren said it was issuing a free repair kit make the hinges safe . The CPSC said the warning concerned models dating back to 1999 sold at stores including Target and Babies R Us . The mechanism "  poses a fingertip amputation and laceration hazard to the child when the consumer is unfolding , " the CPSC said in statement issued jointly with Maclaren . Maclaren said its Volo , Triumph , Quest Sport , Quest Mod , Techno XT , Techno XLR , Twin Triumph , Twin Techno and Easy Traveller models -- which retail between $ 100 to $ 400 -- were affected . The manufacturer said its strollers met required safety standards , but the recall was being applied voluntarily to "  alert the operator when opening or closing the stroller of the possible risk of injury . " In a separate statement , Maclaren 's European arm said that no recall was being issued in the European Union , where there had been fewer reported injuries , despite higher sales . "  We wish to reassure our customers that they should continue to use their existing Maclaren buggies since they are safe when opened and closed correctly , " it said . "  Our advice is that consumers should take the same level of caution and care as when opening or closing a car door or any other moving part that can be found in many other baby and toddler products . "  There are a lower number of similar reported incidents amongst the considerably higher number of Maclaren buggies sold in Europe . If a buggy is folded or unfolded in line with our operating instructions the risk of injury is non-existent . " • U.S. consumers can contact Maclaren at 877-688-2326 or visit www.maclaren.us/recall to receive the repair kit .	Maclaren says some of it strollers pose a risk of finger amputations Recall affects nearly one million strollers sold in the United States Manufacturer has issued kit to make hinges safe
Washington  CNN  -- It is the second big speech of his presidency 's second act , but there is little or nothing to suggest President Barack Obama 's State of the Union Address offers any hope of a new beginning or a new spirit in divided Washington . Consider the vast partisan differences in expectations . "  Obama core supporters are getting what they hoped for in 2009 , " says veteran Democratic pollster and strategist Peter Hart . "  He is a president who seems both more confident and at the same time at home with himself both legislatively and philosophically . " If there is one certainty in today 's political climate , it is that when one party is happy , the other is not . Security Clearance : Foreign policy will take back seat "  Republicans should wear asbestos suits to the House chamber because they 're going to be torched , " said longtime GOP operative Ed Gillespie , a veteran of senior jobs in the House leadership , the Republican National Committee and the George W. Bush White House . "  President Obama seems to think that the best way to get things done is not by retail persuasion but by wholesale attacking . " The president 's wish list already has him on a collision course with the GOP on several fronts , from the familiar sniping over taxes and spending and red ink to new battle lines over White House calls for sweeping changes to immigration and gun laws . Veterans of previous administration note the first year of the second term is critical . "  Of his second term , this is the one that will get the most attention , " said Karen Hughes , the George W. Bush confidante . "  This is the list of what he still wants to accomplish as president . " As such , Hughes said , the biggest challenge is focus . "  It was never my favorite speech because it is a legislative laundry list and everyone is trying to get their piece in , " Hughes said . Huge challenge : How will we reduce the deficit ? The biggest immediate challenge is a carryover from the first term : Navigating differences over how to achieve a substantial deficit reduction package . A March 1 deadline looms when temporary fixes enacted in the first term essentially expire and across-the-board spending cuts known as sequestration loom if no new plan is passed . "  The economy still languishes and the obvious threat is sequestration , which is omnipresent , " is how Hart described the moment to CNN . "  But I think the president can look presidential and put the GOP between a rock and a hard place . " There is little doubt that the president has the upper hand in the battle for public opinion : what he calls a "  balanced approach " of more tax revenues and spending cuts including , again in the president 's words , "  modest " savings in Medicare and Social Security . "  I am prepared , eager and anxious to get a big deal , a big package that ends governance by crisis , " the president told House Democrats this week in offering a bit of a State of the Union preview . But there is no hint of any big deal in sight , and the president himself has called for another temporary fix to push the deadline back a few months . It is a glaring example of Washington dysfunction , and the longer the stalemate goes on , the more extremes in both parties try to block the path to any grand bargain . Conservative groups , for example , warn of retribution against Republicans who consider giving the president any additional tax revenues , and liberal groups repeatedly are reminding newly elected Democrats of their promises not to support Medicare cuts . As this plays out , again , White House aides talk confidently of the president 's place in the political debate . But even in "  winning , " there could be a price . A crisis of confidence GOP pollster Bill McInturff notes a post-election drop in consumer confidence and says there are parallels to past battles over the debt ceiling and the fiscal cliff . In a consumer-driven economy , a collapse in confidence because of more Washington paralysis could stall an economic recovery that is critical to the president 's second term political standing . "  Economic confidence plays a key role in building the type of optimism that encourages businesses to hire and people to spend , " McInturff writes in a presentation offering his take on what he labels "  The Washington Economy . " "  It is important leaders in both parties begin to recognize how the tenor , tone and outcome of the policy debates in Washington are actually retarding economic confidence in a way that makes building a sustained recovery more difficult . " What about immigration and gun laws ? Question marks also can be attached to other top State of the Union priorities . Some congressional action on immigration and gun laws seems likely , though what emerges could be significantly less than what Obama wants . Immigration is the most likely source of a major package . But it remains a highly divisive issue , and both parties will be tested . The biggest question mark , perhaps , is whether the Republican-controlled House would pass legislation granting a path to citizenship to the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States . And if the House passed legislation granting legal status but not full citizenship to such immigrants , would the president accept that compromise ? There is little question the president wo n't get his way in the gun control debate . He wants new universal background checks for gun purchases . More robust background checks do appear to have significant bipartisan support , but not as sweeping a plan as envisioned by the president . At the moment , the math is against the president when counting votes in Congress for his proposals to ban assault weapons and magazine cartridges that hold more than 10 rounds . On guns , Democrat Hart sees it this way : "  The president has the moral high ground but not necessarily the political high ground . It is still an intensity issue . " Republican Hughes recalls how President George W. Bush later regretted putting a push for Social Security reforms ahead of immigration , an issue that , back then , had better prospects for bipartisan action . Especially now , she says choosing priorities is critical . "  If I were in their shoes , I would be looking to get some things done , " she said . "  Show people can work together and restore some confidence . " Hart predicts one line that will win applause across the political spectrum , in living rooms across the country if not in the House chamber : "  We will be out of Afghanistan in 2014 . Americans can not wait for this . " A more aggressive Obama More broadly , he sees a new Obama in the second act even if Washington 's partisan polarization is a sharp as ever . "  There is an aggressiveness to his action and a willingness to recognize that he can use his political strength either to win in policy terms or political terms or maybe both fronts , " Hart said . "  Bottom line : The wind is at the president 's back . The problems have n't changed or disappeared , but this is a more confident and politically sharp president right now . " Not surprisingly , Republicans see a different bottom line . "  It 's not likely to produce much by way of legislative accomplishment , " GOP strategist Gillespie said of the president 's second term tone . "  I suspect this speech will be in the rear view mirror pretty quickly . "	President Obama to give his first State of the Union address of his second term on Tuesday On the eve of speech , gridlock in Washington continues to be the biggest obstacle He is expected to lay out an agenda focusing on the economy , guns , immigration Looking at other two-term presidents , this next year will be crucial to get things done
CNN  -- A pair of suspected U.S. drone strikes killed four al Qaeda militants in Yemen as the United States maintained a heightened security alert in the country and urged all Americans to leave immediately . Security sources told CNN about the strikes but did n't offer additional details . A Yemeni official said four drone strikes have been carried out in the past 10 days . None of those killed on Tuesday were among the 25 names on the country 's most-wanted list , security officials said . It is unclear whether the strikes were related to the added security alert in the country after U.S. officials intercepted a message from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri to operatives in Yemen telling them to "  do something . " The message was sent to Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the terror group 's Yemeni affiliate . U.S. intelligence believes al-Wuhayshi has recently been appointed the overall terror organization 's No. 2 leader . Also Tuesday , the State Department urged Americans in Yemen to leave immediately , citing terrorist activities and civil unrest . All non-emergency U.S. government personnel were also told to leave . Two U.S. military transport aircraft landed in Yemen on Tuesday to evacuate American citizens . "  In response to a request from the U.S. State Department , early this morning the U.S. Air Force transported personnel out of Sana'a , Yemen , as part of a reduction in emergency personnel , " Pentagon press secretary George Little said in a statement . Little also said , "  The U.S. Department of Defense continues to have personnel on the ground in Yemen to support the U.S. State Department and monitor the security situation . " The UK Foreign Office also announced it had temporarily withdrawn all staff from the British embassy and would keep the facility shut until employees are able to return . Washington takes precautions Acting on the intelligence information , the United States heightened its security stance , issuing a worldwide travel alert and closing a number of embassies and consulates over large areas of the Middle East and Africa this week . List of U.S. embassies and consulates closed this week The State Department said the substantial security steps reflect an "  abundance of caution " over intelligence information that indicated final planning by al Qaeda in Yemen for possible terrorist attacks on Western targets to coincide with the end of Ramadan this week . Three sources told CNN that the United States has information that members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula are in the final stages of planning for an unspecified attack . Recent jailbreaks in Pakistan , Iraq and Libya all have the fingerprints of al Qaeda operations . Prison breaks are among reasons for heightened security On Monday , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that U.S. anti-terrorism efforts had decimated al Qaeda 's global leadership and greatly diminished its core in Afghanistan and Pakistan , saying the threat had "  shifted to some of these affiliates , in particular AQAP . " Separately , American special forces units overseas have been on alert for the past several days awaiting a mission to attack potential al Qaeda targets if those behind the most recent terror threats against U.S. interests can be identified , a senior Obama administration official told CNN . The official declined to identify the units or their locations because of the sensitive nature of the information . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel put the units on alert last week , the official said . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report	NEW : UK withdraws staff from British embassy in Yemen , follows U.S. lead Sources : Members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula are planning an attack The United States has heightened its security stance across the Mideast and Africa Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri tells operatives in Yemen to "  do something "
Washington  CNN  -- The chances of immigration reform passing in the House this year were already slim before its majority leader , Eric Cantor , lost his primary on Tuesday . So , by the time Cantor announced on Wednesday that he was stepping down from his leadership post on July 31 , those who oppose any type of amnesty for illegal immigrants were sounding the death knell for related legislation on Capitol Hill . In his victory speech , Dave Brat , the economics professor who defeated Cantor by double digits , cited the lawmaker 's willingness to consider a path to citizenship for the children of illegal immigrants as one of his opponent 's weak flanks . And pundits said that will be a lesson to others who might dare to push for reform . "  It is a bombshell , " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen said on CNN of Cantor 's loss . "  I think it does mean more gridlock ahead , especially on immigration . Immigration reform is now dead . " Those who support such measures as granting a pathway to citizenship to Dreamers -- the children of those who came to the country illegally -- raced to put Cantor 's defeat in context . "  Some things do not change after a primary . Even a primary result that no one , including the winning candidate , had predicted , " Rep. Luis Gutiérrez , an Illinois Democrat and staunch immigration advocate , said on the House floor on Wednesday . "  Immigration reform is not dead . It might just be moving to the White House for action if none comes from this House . " There was always a short window in this Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform legislation in the House before lawmakers leave for the summer in August and before the midterm elections in November , legal and political experts say . Maybe immigration reform is n't dead after all Last year , the Senate approved a sweeping immigration reform package , including a path to citizenship for an estimated 8 million of the more than 11 million undocumented workers in the country , according to figures from the Congressional Budget Office . Though roughly one-third of Republicans supported the measure , the legislation stalled in the GOP-controlled House as lawmakers there weighed more gradual reforms . Cantor had publicly backed proposals giving Dreamers the chance to receive some type of legal status , however he voted against the broader Senate measure . "  Cantor ignored the advice of every Republican pollster and tried to be wishy-washy on immigration , " Gutiérrez told CNN in a statement . "  He did n't convince the pro-immigration side he was with them and he did n't convince the anti-immigration side he was with them . And he lost . That is not what happened to Sen.  Lindsey  Graham in South Carolina , Rep.  Renee  Elmers in North Carolina , or a number of others who have made a clear case for immigration reform that is not ` amnesty . ' " Cantor 's loss might make other Republicans facing conservative challenges skittish , said Stephen Yale-Loehr , an immigration law professor at Cornell University Law School . "  One primary does not determine the fate of immigration reform , however it does make it harder for Republicans to do anything before the August recess , " Yale-Loehr said . But it 's not all up to the House . Should Obama use the power of his pen to turn the tide on immigration reform ? President Barack Obama has also been under pressure from immigration activists and members of his own party to use executive action to push through reform -- especially if the House fails to act before the recess . He rejected any notion that Cantor 's defeat means the end for immigration reform in the House -- a message he said he would relay to Speaker John Boehner . "  At a certain point , issues are important enough to fight for . My argument about yesterday 's election is not that there was too little politics -- there was too little conviction about what was right , " Obama said at a fundraiser in Boston , according to a press pool account . "  We need to get immigration reform done . " The flood of hundreds of unaccompanied children crossing into this country daily and overflowing holding centers is an issue that could further hasten the administration to act , immigration legal experts say . Obama has called the border situation involving children "  an urgent humanitarian situation requiring a unified and coordinated federal response " and has established a group that will work across federal agencies to help address the problem . In the meantime , supporters also want the President to do more to slow the record number of deportations during his presidency . There have been roughly 2 million deportations under Obama , a number that far eclipses previous presidencies and led the head of the National Council of La Raza to dub him "  the deporter-in-chief . " He has directed the administration to reexamine its deportation policy . Immigration reform advocates also want the administration to make noncriminals and minor offenders the lowest deportation priorities and extend amnesty to the parents and guardians of Dreamers . "  Just because Cantor lost does n't mean that all of those other conversations and criticisms about not doing something about immigration goes away , " said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  The likelihood was that the President was planning to use executive action anyway regardless of what happened to Cantor . "	Eric Cantor 's stunning primary loss Tuesday was a blow to immigration reform Cantor 's opponent made an issue of the majority leader 's position on so-called "  Dreamers " President Obama faces increasing pressure to use power of pen on immigration reform
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish court Wednesday convicted five men accused of Islamic terrorist activities that included aiding fugitives from the Madrid train bombings of 2004 and planning other attacks . The five men include three Moroccans , an Algerian and a Turk . Their sentences , on charges of collaborating or belonging to an Islamic terrorist group , range from five to nine years in prison , according to a copy of the court order viewed by CNN . The court acquitted four other defendants , all Moroccans , on similar charges . "  During the years 2004 and 2005 , the group provided cover and economic support and facilitated the flight from Spain for individuals who had roles " in the train bombings , the court said . The group was based in a Barcelona suburb , Santa Coloma de Gramenet , before police made arrests in June 2005 , officials said . Some in the group also were involved in trafficking in weapons or explosives , or preaching violence for indoctrination of new militants , ruled a three-judge panel at Spain 's high-security National Court . The Madrid train bombings -- coordinated attacks on four morning-rush commuter trains -- killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 . Spanish courts previously had convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the train bombings . Among them were four Spaniards convicted of trafficking in the explosives used in the attacks .	Spanish court convicts five men of Islamic terrorist activities that included aiding fugitives from Madrid train bombings Five men , including three Moroccans , an Algerian and a Turk , sentenced to between five and nine years in prison Madrid train bombings of 2004 killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800
WIRED  -- Google 's netbook-friendly Chrome OS takes direct aim at Microsoft , whose eight-year-old Windows XP leads the netbook market . But the odds are stacked against Google . Despite its buzz , the odds are stacked against Google 's Chrome OS becoming a serious rival to Windows . In competing with Windows , Google Chrome OS will have to deal with many of the same challenges Linux has : compatibility , usability , and unfamiliarity . The record is n't good : In the past year , Linux-based netbooks have rapidly lost market share to Microsoft , as people find that Linux does n't work as expected , may not support the applications or peripherals they 're used to using , and is just plain different . "  The propeller heads or early adopters understood what Linux was about , " says Richard Shim , an analyst with IDC , a market research company . "  But as netbooks have gone mainstream , users want the apps they are familiar with rather than the non-standard ones on Linux . " While sales of netbooks have exploded , Linux 's market share on these devices has dramatically declined . In 2008 , about 24.5 % of netbooks shipped with an Linux operating system , estimates IDC . This year , it 's expected to plunge to 4.5 % and in 2010 , only 3 percent of all netbooks will run a Linux OS . Even if it offers the same or better features than similarly-equipped Windows notebooks , Google Chrome OS will face the same uphill battle Linux has . Here 's what Google needs to figure out to make Chrome OS a success . Compatibility with popular applications Some of the earliest netbooks featuring Linux faced high rates of return because they did not support popular applications , says Shim . "  Many users found that the universe of applications compatible with Windows was much larger than those with Linux , " Shim says . "  So when they looked at their Linux netbooks not only did it run non-standard apps but also a graphical interface they were n't familiar with . " Chrome OS will run on top of a Linux kernel , although Google has said that it will have an entirely new interface and will run all web applications rather than native Linux apps . Multimedia compatibility issues in some flavors of Linux helped add to early customer confusion , says Chris Kenyon , director of OEM services at Canonical , which supports Ubuntu . "  Some of those Linux netbooks that did n't have Flash preinstalled or multimedia codecs pre-installed faced lot of problems , " he says . Translation : If a customer ca n't watch YouTube on her new netbook , she 's more likely to return the netbook rather than install Adobe 's Flash plugin for Linux . What Google must do : Google Chrome OS ca n't afford to make those mistakes . Flash support and the ability to play a wide variety of multimedia files will have to be standard . And where popular application support is missing , Google will have to ensure that it provides satisfying alternatives  such as Google Docs in place of Microsoft Word  . Usability User interface is a big factor for computer buyers . Many netbook buyers are first-time Linux users . And these newbies have often been stumped by the operating system 's unusual interface . Even with very Windows-like and user-friendly Linux distributions , like Ubuntu , they often do n't know how to perform simple system management or hardware configuration tasks . Options for those exist on the OS but new users have to put in the effort to learn , which can be a turnoff . Chrome OS will have to find a way to offer its customers a familiar graphical user interface that makes it easy to do the tasks they have been used to on a Windows operating system . "  UI is a very significant component for new operating systems , " says Shim . "  You have to fight the first impression that this is different and then you have to sell people on why different is better . " What Google must do : Google needs to integrate Gmail , Google Docs and the Chrome web browser in a package that makes it easy to not just use these individual programs but also perform other routine tasks , such as installing new software or changing display configurations . Compatibility with popular hardware Google will also be under pressure to ensure Chrome OS works flawlessly with gadgets such as cameras , printers , smartphones and e-book readers . So far , Linux netbooks have had a spotty record . Some such as Ubuntu or Red Hat offer better support for popular gadgets but still users have faced compatibility problems . A recent review from the Wall Street Journal complained that Linux-based netbooks could not load software drivers to print photos to Canon and Dell printers . The review also said there were problems loading pictures over a USB cable from the Canon PowerShot SD750 digital camera onto a Dell Mini 10 netbook running Ubuntu . Another big stumbling block for Google will be iTunes . The popularity of iPods means that many people expect their netbook to sync with their iPods . However , netbooks running Linux do not support iTunes , including Ubuntu , and that means no iPod or iPhone support . "  iTunes itself does n't work on Ubuntu but you can use emulators , " says Kenyon . "  It 's something we would like to change . " It also has to be dead-simple to use hardware that 's pre-installed on your netbook , such as a webcam , a Bluetooth connection , or a 3G wireless data card . What Google must do : Ubuntu and other Linux vendors may not have the clout to get Apple to support Linux , but Google could make it happen for Chrome OS . Google and Apple share a close relationship , and Google CEO Eric Schmidt is a member of Apple 's board of directors . Also , drivers for Wi-Fi hardware or webcams in the netbooks come pre-loaded with Windows netbooks ; Chrome OS will have to ensure it offers customers the same simplicity right out of the box . Resistance to change PC users may complain about glitches in the Windows operating system , the viruses and the blue screen of death . But unhappy as they may be , they are not beating down the doors of any of the Linux vendors to get a new OS . More than 80 percent of the at least billion PCs worldwide run some version of Windows , and 96 percent of netbooks are running Windows , according to NPD Group . Changing consumer expectations has been one of the biggest challenges that Linux vendors face . Google will have to deal with this , too . What Google must do : Massive advertising . Fortunately for Google , this is a business it knows well . Support from netbook makers One of Microsoft 's biggest strengths is the relationships it has built with device makers such as Dell , HP , Lenovo and Asus . As a new entrant Google will have to work with these PC makers to ensure that netbooks come pre-loaded with Chrome OS . Google can probably swing a few early deals , as it has with Android , but to be a force to reckon with it needs to ensure widespread availability . So far , Linux vendors have found that difficult to get OEMs completely on board . PC makers do n't want to jeopardize their relationship with Microsoft , which powers the higher-margin products such as desktops and notebooks . What Google must do : Wheel-and-deal to ensure that Google Chrome OS is available on as many netbooks as possible . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	The odds are stacked against Google 's new operating system as a rival to Windows Chrome OS must face the same challenges as Linux : compatibility and unfamiliarity A big stumbling block for Google will be whether its system supports iTunes Google must work with PC makers to ensure netbooks are pre-loaded with Chrome
There 's a lot of information out there on the Ebola crisis . And now , the issue 's gone political with increasingly vocal talk on Capitol Hill and in midterm campaigns calling for a travel ban to keep the disease from spreading in the U.S. Let 's sort through the muck and get to the facts : What 's all this talk about a travel ban to deal with the Ebola outbreak ? Some Republican lawmakers and a handful of Democrats are calling for a travel ban on people from the West African countries most affected by the disease . In Sierra Leone , Liberia and Guinea , more than 4,400 people have died of the disease and one person has died of the disease in the U.S. . That patient was diagnosed and ultimately died at a Texas hospital and now Gov. Rick Perry is joining calls for a travel ban after two nurses at the hospital contracted the disease . "  Air travel is , in fact , how this disease crosses borders and it 's certainly how it got to Texas in the first place , " Perry said . "  I believe it is the right policy to ban air travel from countries that have been hit hardest by the Ebola outbreak . " Gov. John Kasich of Ohio said Saturday that such a travel ban "  makes sense . " His state is on high alert after Amber Vinson , the second Dallas nurse to fall ill , flew to Cleveland and spent four days there after she had contracted the virus . But health experts at the Centers for Disease Control and World Health Organization are n't recommending a travel ban , and CDC chief Dr. Tom Frieden has even said the ban could hurt efforts to prevent an outbreak in the United States Has the U.S. ever enforced that kind of a blanket travel ban ? Not really . The U.S. has not banned people from a certain country from coming to the U.S. because of an epidemic . But President Ronald Reagan in 1987 did ban anyone infected with HIV/AIDS from entering in the United States . And for more than 20 years , that was U.S. government policy until President Barack Obama struck it down in 2009 . That travel ban came at a time when AIDS was heavily stigmatized in the United States and amid misinformation and some public fear that the disease could spread through casual contact . Anyway , there 's not much evidence to suggest that travel ban was successfully enforced or effective . Today , more than 1.1 million people are HIV positive . But remember , Ebola is nothing like AIDS according to Sen.  and Dr.  Rand Paul . Wait , just checking , Ebola ca n't be spread through the air right ? No . No , no , no . The Ebola virus is only spread through contact with the bodily fluids of a person who has started showing symptoms of the disease . And while some have stoked fears that the disease could go airborne , the World Health Organization and other experts have said the chances that could happen are near to nil and are unaware of a virus that has ever mutated in that way . Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? What about epidemics like SARS and swine flu that have infected and killed way more people than Ebola ? Why were n't there travel bans for those outbreaks ? Nope . No travel bans for those diseases . Swine flu , also known as H1N1 flu , killed more than 284,000 people between 2009 and 2010 according to the CDC -- of which about 12,000 Americans . The WHO did not recommend a travel ban then either . And the United States never banned travel from China , the epicenter of the 2003 SARS outbreak , which tallied roughly the same number of cases -- over 8,000 -- in the same seven-month period as the Ebola epidemic . In fact , U.S. airports never implemented SARS passenger screenings at airports at a time when many other countries did . So why are politicians so certain a travel ban is the right way to go here ? Simply put , a lot of members of Congress just want to keep the disease out of the United States and prevent any more cases from spring up at home . And they believe the best way to do that is to bar anyone who 's been in West Africa recently -- or who has a passport from one of those countries . U.S. health officials grilled on Ebola at congressional hearing Rep. Tim Murphy , who led the house panel that sharply questioned top health officials over Ebola on Thursday , insisted airport screenings are n't enough to keep people out of the country -- especially since infected people can carry the disease for up to 21 days without showing any symptoms . And Rep. Fred Upton said Ebola "  needs to be solved in Africa , but until it is we should not be allowing these folks in . Period . " OK , that sounds like it makes sense . Why are health experts saying the ban 's a bad idea ? The CDC 's Frieden gets why that 's the knee-jerk reaction to such a deadly disease . But a ban might actually make things worse , he said , because it could encourage people to lie about their travel to West Africa . And without that crucial information , Frieden said people infected with Ebola could slip into the United States without the CDC being able to track and monitor them for symptoms . But are n't more than two dozen African countries now enforcing some kind of travel ban ? Yes . A few of the neighboring West African countries have actually sealed their borders altogether while many other countries on the continent are banning travel to and from those West African countries . But it 's not clear how effective those bans are at keeping West Africans out in a region known for especially porous borders . "  Even when governments restrict travel and trade , people in affected countries still find a way to move and it is even harder to track them systematically , " Frieden said last week . So you 're saying it probably would n't work ? Nope . At least not according to health officials . In fact , there are no direct flights to the United States from either Libera , Sierra Leone or Guinea , the three most affected countries . There are direct flights from Nigeria , which has dealt with 20 cases , but that country has been much more effective in containing the outbreak . Latest Ebola developments How else could a travel ban hurt ? The ban would especially hurt efforts in West Africa to contain the disease , where foreign health care workers have been central to the fight against the epidemic . And if American health workers are afraid they ca n't return to the United States , they might decide not to go at all . Preventing the disease from spreading further in West Africa is crucial to keep Ebola from continuing to spread . Complete coverage on Ebola	The last time the U.S. enforced some kind of health-related travel ban was with HIV/AIDS . The U.S. did n't enforce travel bans with the more contagious SARS and swine flu epidemics . Top health officials say a ban would n't work and would make the problem worse .
CNN  -- Like in a scene from an apocalyptic parable , dark carcasses of cows and steers lie motionless in silent clusters across swaths of South Dakota . An early blizzard caught ranchers off guard this week in the state , killing as many as 20,000 head of cattle , a state official says . But ranchers say they are the real victims . The storm left many of them in ruins , and now Washington is leaving them out in the cold . "  With the government shutdown and no farm bill in place , we need South Dakotans to help their neighbors , " Gov. Dennis Daugaard said . This year 's federal farm legislation got hung up in Congress before the shutdown . There 's no money to help the ranchers , and Daugaard is asking for donations . 5 crazy side effects from the shutdown Carcass fields South Dakota 's civil air patrol did flyovers to take pictures of whole herds that keeled over together , dotting the gaping , snow-covered flatlands with big , black blotches . Ranchers who thought they were doing the right thing were blindsided , said state veterinarian Dustin Oedekoven . Now they are dazed by their losses . "  The smart thing to do this time of year is to have cows and calf off to pasture , " he said . "  Then the storm blew in . We 've never seen anything quite like this . " Oedekoven says he may never know the total number of livestock killed . South Dakota has asked ranchers to make lists of the animals they lost to help with the tally . "  It will be two weeks to a month before we have a better idea of the impact , " Oedekoven said . Pentagon strikes deal with charity to pay military death benefits Trouble ahead Only 2,000 have been confirmed dead so far , but crews are out removing more dead cattle blocking roads , where they fell over in their tracks . The state has told drivers to watch out . "  Motorists must be aware that livestock carcasses or stray livestock may be present on or along the roadways at any time , " the emergency management agency said in a statement . Herds of livestock still alive are wandering aimlessly far from home . "  We have misplaced cattle everywhere , " Oedekoven said . "  The storm blew them 10 miles or more from where they are normally pastured . " The blizzard did n't necessarily dole out fate justly , rewarding the prudent and punishing the lax , he said . "  Some people were very well prepared and lost 50 % of their herd . Some were not prepared and took no losses . There was no rhyme or reason to it . Some ranchers lost everything . " The state has issued ranchers a final , grim and expensive chore to take care of on top of their losses . They must dispose of the carcasses quickly , before they rot , and in accordance with regulations . The ranchers can pay a factory to render them . Or they can burn them themselves , or dig large pits at least four feet deep and bury them by the hundreds .	South Dakota 's state veterinarian believes up to 20,000 cattle died in a blizzard The cold snap caught ranchers by surprise This year 's farm bill is hung up in Congress The state 's governor is asking for donations
CNN  -- Pakistan 's former president said his country is being treated "  unequally " to other countries , despite being a staunch ally of the United States in its war on terror . Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf says anti-American sentiment in Pakistan is high . "  Pakistan is being treated so unequally while we are the ones who are in the lead role fighting the global war on terror , " said Pervez Musharraf , interviewed by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer for "  The Situation Room . " "  This is what hurts Pakistan . It hurts the leadership . Indeed , it hurts the government . It hurts the people of Pakistan , " said Musharraf , speaking from Dallas , Texas , during a book tour in the United States . The interview took place amid reports Friday of U.S. drones striking militant targets in Pakistan just days after the start of the Obama administration -- which has made combating al Qaeda and Taliban militants in the Pakistan tribal region near Afghanistan its most immediate national security priority . Musharraf was asked whether he is comfortable with the continuation of the attacks , even with a new U.S. president in place . "  Nobody in Pakistan is comfortable with the strikes across the border . There is no doubt in that . Public opinion is very much against it , " he said . "  But as far as this issue of the new president -- President Obama having taken over and this continuing -- but I have always been saying that policies do n't change with personalities ; policies have national interest , and policies depend on an environment . "  So the environment and national interest of the United States being the same , I thought policies will remain constant , " he said . Watch Musharraf address the reported U.S. air strike " Musharraf also addressed a statement he made about the $ 10 billion in assistance from the United States that Pakistan has received , calling it a "  pittance for a country which is in the lead role to fight terrorism . " He emphasized his gratitude to the United States for the funding , but said the amount is low compared to billions spent in Afghanistan and "  maybe over a trillion dollars " in Iraq . "  Please do n't think that this $ 10 billion was such a great amount that we ought to be eternally grateful while we know that we deserve much more and we should have got much more and we must get much more if we are to fight the global war on terror , " he said . Musharraf stressed that Pakistan was "  in the lead role fighting a war for you for 10 years , between '79 and ' 89 , " a reference to Pakistan 's alliance with the United States and the Afghan mujahedeen rebels during the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan . Musharraf emphasized that for 42 years , up until 1989 , Pakistan had been a "  strategic partner " of the United States . But many Pakistanis felt abandoned by the United States after the Russians pulled out of Afghanistan . Musharraf said the 1989 "  peace dividend " went to Europe -- East Europe . Pakistan was "  left alone " from 1989 to 2001 , and during that period , the militant Taliban movement took control of Afghanistan . "  What did Pakistan get out of fighting for 10 years with you ? Nothing , sir , " he said , explaining why public opinion in Pakistan has been "  so much against the United States . " Musharraf said public opinion in his country is strongly against strikes by U.S. drones against militants in the Pakistani tribal region . While al Qaeda and the Taliban must be confronted , he said , "  public opinion is certainly against the methodology being adopted . " Watch Musharraf says Pakistan is not sponsoring terrorism " Musharraf , once Pakistan 's army chief , resigned under intense political pressure in August as the ruling coalition began taking steps to impeach him . He swept to power in 1999 in a bloodless coup . Asked why al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , who is thought to be somewhere in the border region , has n't been found , he replied : "  I would like to ask the United States why he has n't been found . They have their intelligence . There are -- you have more intelligence capability . I would like to ask the United States , why Mullah Omar has not been found , who is the leader of all of the Taliban in Afghanistan ? "	"  We are ... in the lead role fighting the global war on terror , " Musharraf says He says Pakistan receives small amount of U.S. aid compared to Afghanistan , Iraq Opinion of U.S. is low due to drone strikes in Pakistani tribal region , Musharraf says
CNN  -- Two of Turkey 's main political parties are pushing for a constitutional amendment to lift bans on headscarves at public universities , a move that has caused concern among Turkey 's secular population . The lifting of the ban on headscarves has caused concern among Turkey 's secular population . Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan initiated the move , saying it would create equality in Turkey 's higher education . The constitutional commission will discuss the proposal -- submitted by the AKP and MHP parties -- in the coming days before sending it to the floor for a vote . If approved , it would need President Abdullah Gul 's approval , which is expected . Under the proposal , veils , burqas or chaddors -- all of which cover a woman 's face -- would not be allowed . Bans on headcoverings were imposed in the early 1980s by Turkey 's universities because they were seen as political symbols and conflicted with Turkey 's secular governing system . The proposal to change Turkey 's constitution sent chills through Turkey 's secular population . Women 's groups went to parliament Tuesday to voice their rejection . "  This is a direct threat to the republic and its foundations , " said Deniz Baykal , leader of Turkey 's main secular party , CHP . Another CHP lawmaker said she fears that if the proposal is enacted , parents will feel pressure to have their daughters wear headscarves , even in elementary school . Mustafa Akaydin , head of Turkey 's Higher Education Commission , is against the proposal . He said that allowing headscarves would be a rejection of Turkey 's secular system of government . "  It is an attempt to create a counterrevolution , " Akaydin said . "  It will be a breaking point . " He said a majority of female high school students at one school were wearing headscarves during last weekend 's entry exams -- a rarity in Turkish schools . The Higher Education Commission will meet Friday in Ankara to discuss the proposed changes . E-mail to a friend	Turkey 's ruling party agrees to lift ban on head scarves in universities Ban introduced after military coup in 1980 as seen as a sign of religion Turkey is a secular nation but its population is mainly Muslim Proposal has brought protests among the secular population
SOCHI , Russia  CNN  -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has accused the United States of orchestrating the conflict in Georgia to benefit one of its presidential election candidates . Russian PM Vladimir Putin has accused the U.S. of orchestrating the conflict in Georgia . In an interview in the Black Sea city of Sochi on Thursday , Putin said the U.S. had encouraged Georgia to attack the autonomous region of South Ossetia . Putin said his defense officials had told him it was done to benefit a presidential candidate -- Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama are competing to succeed George W. Bush -- although he presented no evidence to back it up . "  U.S. citizens were indeed in the area in conflict , " Putin said . "  They were acting in implementing those orders doing as they were ordered , and the only one who can give such orders is their leader . " Watch Putin accuse the United States " White House spokeswoman Dana Perino blasted Putin 's statements , saying they were "  patently false . " "  To suggest that the United States orchestrated this on behalf of a political candidate just sounds not rational , " she said . U.S. State Department deputy spokesman Robert Wood concurred and labeled Putin 's statements "  ludicrous . " "  Russia is responsible for the crisis , " Wood said in Washington on Thursday . "  For the Russians to say they are not responsible for what happened in Georgia is ludicrous . ... Russia is to blame for this crisis , and the world is responding to what Russia has done . " When told that many diplomats in the United States and Europe blame Russia for provoking the conflict and for invading Georgia , Putin said Russia had no choice but to invade Georgia after dozens of its peacekeepers in South Ossetia were killed . He told Chance it was to avert a human calamity . iReport.com : First-person accounts from the center of the conflict The former Russian president , still considered the most powerful man in the country , said he was disappointed that the U.S. had not done more to stop Georgia 's attack . Putin recalled that he was watching the situation in Georgia and South Ossetia unfold when he was at the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympic Games on August 8 . He said he spoke to U.S. President Bush , also attending , who told the Russian prime minister he did n't want war , but Putin spoke of his disappointment that the U.S. administration did n't do more to stop Georgia early in the conflict . Also Thursday , Putin announced economic measures that he said were unrelated to the fighting with Georgia . Nineteen U.S. poultry meat companies would be banned from exporting their products to Russia because they had failed health and safety tests , and 29 other companies had been warned to improve their standards or face the same ban , Putin said . Putin said Russia 's health and agricultural ministries had randomly tested the poultry products and found them to be full of antibiotics and arsenic . Putin repeated that the bans were not related to the Georgian conflict , but they indicate the measures that some Western countries -- particularly in Europe -- fear if Russia goes on a diplomatic offensive . Watch analysis of Russia 's relationship with the West . " Russia is trying to counterbalance mounting pressure from the West over its military action in Georgia and its recognition of the breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia . But Russia 's hopes of winning international support for its actions in Georgia were dashed Thursday , when China and other Asian nations expressed concern about tension in the region . The joint declaration from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , which includes China , Russia , Tajikistan , Kyrgystan , Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan , said the countries hoped that any further conflict could be resolved peacefully . Watch more on rising tensions between Russia and the West . " "  The presidents reaffirmed their commitment to the principles of respect for historic and cultural traditions of every country and efforts aimed at preserving the unity of a state and its territorial integrity , " the declaration said , The Associated Press reported . "  Placing the emphasis exclusively on the use of force has no prospects and hinders a comprehensive settlement of local conflicts , " AP quoted the group as saying . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev had appealed to the group at a summit in Tajikistan on Thursday to support its actions , saying it would serve as a "  serious signal for those who are trying to justify the aggression . " On Wednesday , a U.S. ship carrying aid docked in Georgia , while Britain 's Foreign Secretary David Miliband traveled to the Ukraine , which is worried about Russia 's intentions in the region , to offer the UK 's support . Miliband equated Moscow 's offensive in Georgia with the Soviet tanks that invaded Czechoslovakia to crush the Prague Spring democratic reforms in 1968 , and demanded Russia "  change course , " AP reported . iReport.com : Do remember the Cold War ? Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin accuses U.S. of plotting conflict Putin says U.S. did it to help one of the presidential candidates Russia fails to win support of Asian security alliance over Georgia Russia had appealed to the Shanghai Cooperation Organization for backing
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry turned 25 Tuesday in the knowledge that he is now entitled to part of the multi-million dollar inheritance left to him by his late mother . Prince Harry is currently training to become a helicopter pilot with the British Army . Harry was just 12 years old when Diana , Princess of Wales , was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997 . His mother left an estate worth # 21 million  $ 35 million  , but more than # 8 million  $ 13.31 million  was paid in inheritance tax , leaving around # 13 million  $ 21.6 million  to be shared between Harry and his brother William , who is second in line to the throne , the British Press Association reported . Much of that money is thought to have been invested but it is not known if the economic downturn has affected the amount . Both princes are prevented from spending the lump sum of their inheritance until they turn 30 . But Harry will pocket all income generated by his portion of the estate -- around # 300,000  $ 500,000  a year . Watch more about Prince Harry 's birthday windfall " Prince Harry joined the British Army in 2006 and served in Afghanistan for more than two months from the end of 2007 to early 2008 , before being withdrawn after news of his secret deployment leaked out to the media . There had been fears that Harry , who is third in line to the throne , could become a target for Taliban militants . According to British media reports , the prince 's deployment was subject to a news blackout deal struck between the Ministry of Defence and newspapers and broadcasters in the UK and abroad . He received a promotion to the rank of lieutenant in April last year and is now training to become a helicopter pilot with the British Army 's Air Corps . The young royal has also created a few negative headlines , particularly in Britain 's tabloid press , in recent years . In February this year , he was formally disciplined by his Army superiors after videos surfaced showing him using offensive language -- referring to a fellow soldier as a "  Paki " and another as looking "  like a raghead . " A spokesman for the prince told CNN : "  Prince Harry has apologized for his comments and has been subjected to normal Army disciplinary procedures . The matter is now closed . " In a well-publicized gaffe in 2005 , Harry apologized after he was photographed wearing a Nazi uniform at a party . "  It was a very stupid thing to do and I 've learned my lesson , simple as that really , " he said in an interview marking his 21st birthday . "  I 'd like to put it in the past now . What 's done is done . I regret it . "	Harry was 12 when his mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , was killed His mother left an estate worth # 21 million  $ 35 million Harry will pocket interest from his portion -- around $ 500,000 a year
CNN  -- The Doors ' founding keyboardist , Ray Manzarek , died in Germany Monday after a long fight with cancer , his publicist said in a statement . He was 74 . The artist had been diagnosed with bile duct cancer . The Doors formed in 1965 after Manzarek happened to meet Jim Morrison on California 's Venice Beach . The legendary rock group went on to sell 100 million albums worldwide , establishing five multiplatinum discs in the U.S. Morrison died in 1971 , but Manzarek carried on The Doors ' legacy , continuing to work as a musician and an author . "  I was deeply saddened to hear about the passing of my friend and bandmate Ray Manzarek today , " said Doors guitarist Robby Krieger . "  I 'm just glad to have been able to have played Doors songs with him for the last decade . Ray was a huge part of my life and I will always miss him . " The band famously defied Ed Sullivan 's request that they not sing the lyric "  higher " when they performed "  Light My Fire " on his show in 1969 . A show producer approached them in the dressing room shortly before they were to perform , Manzarek recalled in an interview with CNN in 2002 . Manzarek remembers the band publicly agreeing like choirboys . " ` Yes , sir , ' we told him , " he recalls . " ` Whatever you say , sir . We 'll change . '  The producer  looked at Jim and said , ` You 're the poet . Think of something else -- ` wire , ' ` flyer . ' " Then the Doors went out and did the song exactly as they always did . Sullivan was so furious he did n't even shake their hands . Manzarek went on to produce the Los Angeles punk band X. Bassist John Doe said the band learned a lot from him . "  To have someone like Ray -- like rock 'n' roll royalty -- embrace what we do , it was great for our confidence , " Doe told CNN in a 2004 interview . "  In the studio , he knew what to try to do . He went for performance . He was smart enough to realize that the band had the arrangements all worked out . " Manzarek is survived by his brothers Rick and James , his wife Dorothy , his son Pablo , and three grandchildren . Instead of flowers , the family 's asked that a donation be made in Manzarek 's name at www.standup2cancer.org . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Denise Quan and Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	The Doors ' founding keyboardist Ray Manzarek has died Manzarek , 74 , was suffering from bile duct cancer The musician "  went for performance " as a producer , bassist of punk band X said in 2004
CNN  -- A shark bit a 16-year-old boy across both legs as he was surfing in Hawaii on Sunday , CNN affiliate KHON reported . The attack came four days after a shark severed the right arm of a German tourist while she was snorkeling . In the Sunday incident , the teen was surfing in Pohoiki Bay when an 8-foot gray shark attacked him , the affiliate reported . He was taken to a hospital , but his condition was not known . Authorities brought in helicopters to survey the area for sharks , but were unsuccessful . Shark found on New York subway car Shark attack claims Brazilian teen 's life This shark attack is the fourth in the last month , and 9th for the year in Hawaii , the affiliate said . Last year , Hawaii had 11 shark attacks . While shark attacks have been on the uptick in recent years , according to the University of Florida , the fatality rate in the United States is just 2 % . Discovery Channel defends dramatized shark special Best places to swim with sharks	This is the fourth shark attack this month Hawaii has seen 9 attacks this year
Remember the obnoxious guy in the early - '80s Mr. Microphone commercial ? While cruising in a convertible with his friends , he uses the old Ronco toy to come on to a pedestrian . "  Hey , good lookin ' , we 'll be back to pick you up later ! " he yells . Smooth move , Ex-Lax . This is not the way you approach a woman on the street . That point was brought home this week with a video posted by Rob Bliss on behalf of the anti-street-harassment group Hollaback ! Bliss , inspired by the experiences of his girlfriend , tracked a volunteer , Shoshana B. Roberts , as she walked through New York over the course of 10 hours . What 10 hours of street harassment in NYC looks like Over the course of the video , men offer Roberts greetings such as "  Damn ! " , "  Hey baby , " "  What 's up , beautiful ? " and "  Sexy . " A few men follow her for blocks . Others seem offended that she does n't respond . The reaction on the Internet has ranged from perplexity to outright anger . "  Unless one of these guys physical assaults you then they have every right especially if you do n't tell them to leave you alone . It does n't f ****** matter if it 's scary or if it offends people , " wrote one commenter on the video 's YouTube page . "  I call bullsh * t. New wave feminazi persecution complex professional victim bullsh * t , " added another . On a Reddit thread about the video , one person asked , "  If a guy ca n't open a conversation with ` How are you doing today ? ' then what is he supposed to open it with ? " Good question . Being a nuisance There can be a fine line between flirtation and harassment , and it 's been used for comic effect in movies and television shows . "  Has anyone ever told you that you have the face of a Botticelli and the body of a Degas ? " asked Robert Downey Jr. in the 1987 movie "  The Pick-Up Artist . " Sure , there are men and women who sometimes do want a quick fling with a passer-by . For them , maybe come-ons and catcalls work . Still , only in a romantic comedy -- albeit one written and directed by the shrewd and flinty James Toback -- would Downey 's character make women swoon . As Chris Rock has noted , "  Every time a man 's being nice to you , all he 's doing is offering d ** k. " Which is why would-be lotharios should tread lightly . "  You almost never approach it , " said Troy Patterson , Slate 's urbane Gentleman Scholar columnist . "  Almost always , the guy is going to be making a nuisance of himself . I ca n't see a reason to ever greet a strange woman with anything more intrusive than a quiet , warm smile . " Women have been saying this for years , of course . "  Street harassment has a negative effect on us all . No single man wants the actions of a few to be attributed to his entire gender , but studies show that male harassers impact victims ' perception and reaction to men in general , " wrote Katie Baker in a 2010 essay . Baker observed that one catcaller was caught off-guard when a woman called him on his behavior . The man , abashed , said that he understood : He had sisters , and he would n't want them treated the same way . ` Talk to her , not at her ' Baker offers a simple solution : respect . "  There 's a huge difference between harassing a woman and trying to start a conversation , " she wrote . "  Here are some tips : talk to her , not at her . Treat her with respect : be aware of her personal space , ask her how she 's doing or what she 's reading instead of commenting on her body parts , look at her face instead of her chest . If she ignores you , drops eye contact , or walks away , back off . "  It was n't rude of you to approach her , but she 's not being rude if she does n't want to keep talking to you , especially if you initiated conversation while she was running an errand , waiting for the bus , or on her computer at a coffee shop . " Manuel Abril , an activist and filmmaker who serves on the board of StopStreetHarassment.org , points out that the problem is one of dehumanization . "  It 's not taking  women 's  word at face value , " he said . "  Men are socialized to think that women do n't really say what they mean . " Moreover , he adds , society tends to judge women the way they dress . "  We 're taught not to see women as human beings on the street , " Abril said . "  The way they look totally supersedes their humanity . " Opinion : Attention , men : Stop with the catcalls A way for ` dudes to blow off steam ' ? Not all greetings are out of bounds . There is the matter of context , Patterson says . Early-morning runners and dog-walkers may offer courteous "  good mornings " to one another as if they 're part of a big club , while doormen and shopkeepers do n't lose points for an appropriate , welcoming attitude . But commenting on a woman 's form as she walks past ? Not acceptable . Even the reaction men sometimes see -- a smile -- can be a defense mechanism to get the comments to stop , says Abril . So why make comments at all ? "  Catcalling is , in general , a way to relieve boredom during a dull workday and establish ` hey we are all straight ! ' amongst guys working together , " a "  Guysourcing " contributor explained to Jezebel . "  It was n't an attempt to hit on the woman or to be threatening . It was just a way for the dudes to blow off a bit of steam and be like ` We are men ! ' " On the Reddit thread , which has drawn more than 6,500 comments , one man observed that lack of respect knows no gender . "  As a fat guy who once walked around NYC for a day sightseeing I got so many comments , " he wrote . " ` Lose weight , ass *** e! ' ` Hey fatty want me to buy you a hot dog ? ' ` Hey kill yourself you fat f *** ' I would have been happy with just a ` good morning . ' " In the right context , so would most people . "  If your baseline value is showing respect to all people , everything will be OK , " Patterson said .	Video of woman being catcalled on streets of NYC gets huge reaction Activist : "  We 're taught not to see women as human beings on the street " Men trying to meet women wonder : "  What am I supposed to do ? " Proper response is to treat women -- and everybody -- with respect
CNN  -- A salty soup of seawater , microscopic pieces of plastic and marine debris . Those are the ingredients in the North Pacific Gyre , an ocean vortex estimated by Greenpeace to be the size of Texas , contaminated with the floating detritus of our modern lives . The sheer size of the ocean area affected has been enough to catch public attention , but a number of concerned groups are aiming to capture more than that . Project Kaisei plans to find a way to scoop up the plastic waste and devise a way to turn it into a future fuel source . It 's a huge task , but led by innovator and environmentalist Doug Woodring , Project Kaisei has already embarked on a mission to the gyre . An August voyage onboard the New Horizon and Kaisei sailing ships was in partnership with Scripps Research Institute . The crews returned with samples of the water from various locations in the gyre and the most immediate discovery was the pervasiveness of plastic material found at regular points over 3,500 miles . The most heavily polluted areas of surface water in the gyre contained six times more plastic than plankton biomass . Derelict , or "  ghost " nets , plastic crates and even toys were found by the crew . Some items like plastic bottles had become impromptu homes to varieties of marine mollusc . As well as posing hazards to the oceans through toxic contamination and to sealife through ingestion or being trapped in nets , unnatural transport systems could allow invasive species to be introduced to different areas and upset delicate ecosystems . The project now counts scientists , innovators , sailors and environmentalists among its ranks , galvanized around a desire to clean up the Pacific 's plastic vortex . A further voyage next year hopes to gather more data and move closer to a practical solution to the ever increasing problem .	Voyage to the North Pacific Gyre found plastic in the ocean over 3,500 miles Plastic vortex has large pieces of plastic and microscopic fragments Aim of voyage was to learn how to collect the waste and turn into fuel Project Kaisei will embark on another mission next year
The National Rifle Association will weigh in on three of this year 's key Senate races with a multimillion dollar ad buy beginning Wednesday . The NRA effort is aimed at boosting Republican Senate challengers in Arkansas , Colorado and North Carolina -- the outcomes of which could likely determine which party controls the chamber . The group 's campaign is expected to top $ 4 million in these states , spokesman Andrew Arulanandam confirmed to CNN . It will spend $ 1.4 million to boost North Carolina House Speaker Thom Tillis , who is running against incumbent Democrat Sen. Kay Hagan . "  Our Second Amendment rights are under attack by the Obama Administration , and we need leaders like Thom Tillis in the Senate to fight back , " states the ad . The group will also spend about $ 1.4 million to run similar ads for Rep. Tom Cotton , R-Arkansas , who is challenging incumbent Democrat Sen. Mark Pryor and about $ 1 million in Colorado on behalf of Rep. Cory Gardner , running against Sen. Mark Udall . The group also last month launched several multimillion dollar ad campaigns -- one pushing Republican Ed Gillespie , who is up against Democrat Sen. Mark Warner . The other one talks about issues beyond gun rights , trying to reach those who believe the country is on the wrong track as it highlights such issues as the IRS targeting scandal and NSA surveillance . The group also has run ads attacking former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who has vowed to spend $ 50 million of his own money this year pushing for more gun control as he and his group Everytown Gun Safety tries to counter the political influence of the NRA .	NRA wants to help GOP candidates in Arkansas , Colorado and North Carolina Group will also try to reach those who believe country is on wrong track NRA has run ads attacking ex-N.Y. Mayor Bloomberg and his Everytown Gun Safety group
On Christmas Day last year , Alan Henning was sitting in a brightly lit cafe in southern Turkey , sharing a laugh with his friends before they set off on their journey . Henning , a big-hearted taxi driver from Bolton , northern England , was part of a team of volunteers traveling from Britain to Syria to deliver aid to people in need . Nicknamed "  Gadget " by his peers , Henning was the only non-Muslim in the convoy . He sacrificed Christmas , weekends and family time to do his part for those worst hit by Syria 's civil war , and was admired by his fellow volunteers . This was the father-of-two 's fourth trip to the war-torn country . While part of the aid convoy stopped at the Turkish border , Henning was part of a much smaller group that volunteered to press ahead into Syria itself . In video shot on the day , he explained part of his rationale for answering the call to help . "  It 's all worthwhile when you see what is needed actually gets where it needs to go , " he said , before hugging a colleague . Henning was kidnapped by ISIS a day after the video was made . He is now under threat of imminent execution . As the clock ticks down , those who made the trip with him are pleading with the leaders of the militant group -- which has declared an independent Islamic state across parts of Syria and Iraq -- to let Henning go . "  Alan was moved by the suffering of the Syrian people , in particular the children , " Abu Abdullah said in a YouTube plea to his colleague 's captors . "  Please do not take his life to pay for the crimes that the international governments have committed . " On Thursday , more than 100 British Muslim imams and organizations condemned ISIS ' tactics and joined the call for Henning to be released . The coalition of Muslim communities is appealing to ISIS and the people around them to persuade the militants to change their ways , according to Mustafa Field , Director of Faiths Forum for London , one of the signatory organizations to the petition . "  The un-Islamic fanatics are not acting as Muslims but , as the Prime Minister has said , they 're acting as monsters , " he told CNN . "  They are perpetrating the worst crimes against humanity -- this is not jihad . " Field also had a direct message for the black-clad ISIS executioner known as "  Jihadi John " -- the man with the London accent who featured in the group 's gruesome videos of the beheadings of Western hostages James Foley , Steven Sotloff , and David Haines . "  John , we as Muslims are here to preserve lives , " Field told CNN . "  We can not continue this barbaric action . Come back , face justice , and repent . " Those who travelled with Henning to Syria have steered clear of tough talk , adopting a softer tone in addressing the jihadists holding their friend . "  We beg you to tread the path of justice and show him the compassion in the heart of believers and in your heart , " Abu Abdullah said . "  We promised Alan safety and security as Muslims and ask you , the leader of Islamic State , to honor our ` amana ' -LSB- bond of trust -RSB- . " Meanwhile , British Muslim community leaders have sought to distance mainstream Muslims from extremists , launching a social media campaign under the hashtag #notinmyname . Hanif Qadir -- director of the anti-extremism charity Active Change Foundation in east London -- and local youngsters have added their voices to the anti-ISIS drive . "  Young British Muslims are sick and tired of the hate-filled propaganda the terrorists ISIS and their supporters churn out on social media , " Qadir said . "  They are angry that the criminals are using the platforms to radicalise young people and spread their poisonous words of violence in the name of Islam . " Regardless of the differences in tone , everyone appealing to ISIS to free Henning agrees on one thing -- the cabbie with the heart of gold can not be left to die . READ MORE : How the "  Islamic State " is governedREAD MORE : U.S. "  ready to strike ISIS in Syria "	British taxi driver Alan Henning was delivering aid to Syria when he was abducted Friends , colleagues and British Muslim leaders have asked ISIS to release him ISIS , which now controls large parts of Syria and Iraq , has beheaded several Western hostages
CNN  -- Efforts to minimize the damage from the huge oil spill from a rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico are under way , but wildlife conservation groups say the oil could pose a disaster for Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida coastal areas . How can you help ? A number of organizations are recruiting volunteers . The Audubon Society , which is affiliated with the Louisiana Coastal Initiative , is making its Center for Birds of Prey in Florida available for bird cleansing and rehabilitation and is seeking volunteers . Elsewhere , Audubon said it was gearing up to mobilize volunteers and provide assistance as the oil reaches land in Louisiana and elsewhere . Find a local office The Deep Water Horizon response team is looking for help in identifying shoreline and animals affected . Oiled wildlife should not be captured but instead reported at 1-866-557-1401 . To report areas with oil ashore or to leave contact information to volunteer in the affected areas , call 1-866-448-5816 . These local organizations also are gathering volunteers ' information as they prepare for the environmental damage this oil can cause : The Alabama Coastal Foundation is collecting contact information from volunteers for cleanup efforts along the Alabama coast should the oil spill reach the state 's shores . Call 251-990-6002 The Mobile Bay National Estuary Program is looking for volunteers to help reduce the potential impact of the oil spill in Mobile Bay . Call 251-431-6409 . The Mobile Baykeeper is collecting contact information for volunteers to respond anywhere along the Gulf Coast , if needed . Call 251-433-4229 . Save Our Seabirds is a Florida bird rescue group that is looking for support as its response team prepares to help oiled wildlife . Call 941-388-3010 . The National Wildlife Federation is looking for volunteers and support to help spot distressed or oiled wildlife , and to assist in the cleanup and restoration efforts along the coast of Louisiana . You can text the word "  NWF " to 20222 . That 'll donate $ 10 to the National Wildlife Federation through your phone bill . In addition to the wildlife specific organizations , others are also looking to assist with the effects of the oil spill . The Greater New Orleans Foundation , which serves the 13 parishes that comprise New Orleans , has opened the Gulf Coast Oil Spill Fund , which will offer emergency grants to nonprofit organizations helping the victims of the oil spill , and address the long-term economic , environmental , and cultural effects of the disaster . The Coalition to Restore Coastal Louisiana 's mission is to help restore and protect a sustainable coastal Louisiana . They are accepting volunteers and support to assist with spill recovery efforts . The Gulf Coast states likely to be affected have also set up sites where information about volunteering can be found : Alabama , Florida , Louisiana and Mississippi . United Way has launched the Gulf Recovery Fund , which is providing emergency assistance and long term recovery support for the communities devastated by this oil spill . Those who need help or want to volunteer to help can dial 2-1-1 . You can donate to this fund by going to liveunited.org/gulfrecovery , or text the word "  United " to 50555 to donate $ 10 from your mobile phone . The Nature Conservancy has committed to the long-term restoration work needed in the Gulf and states along its coast , and has launched their Fund for Gulf Coast Restoration to support this effort . The Fund was set up to aid in re-establishing critical habitats such as marshes , seagrass beds , oyster reefs , and coastal wetlands . You can text the word "  coast " to 50555 . That 'll donate $ 10 through your mobile phone . The Gulf Coast Fund has created special emergency grants in response to the oil disaster . The organization is distributing these grants to registered non-profit groups engaged in community-lead responses to this crisis . Call 212-812-4361 . Save Our Gulf is a campaign by the Waterkeeper Alliance to support and coordinate efforts to protect the Gulf Coast . Their fund supports Waterkeepers from Texas to Florida who are working to hold back this oil spill from their waterways and communities . The First Response Team of America is working with the National Guard in Southern Louisiana to build dams to hold back the oil from the fragile coastal habitats . Their founder , Tad Agoglia -- who was named a CNN Hero in 2008 - has made their work on the oil spill their top priority until the disaster is contained . AmeriCares is providing medical care and supplies to organizations along the Gulf , and is funding and assisting mental health assessments and counseling needs for the immediate and long-term recovery of the region . Call 1-800-486-4357 The Children 's Health Fund has been in the Gulf since Katrina , and are providing medical and mental health care , and addressing long-term health and mental health issues affecting children as a result of this disaster . They can be reached at 1-800-535-7448 .	Conservation groups seek volunteers to help in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida Audubon Society making Center for Birds of Prey available for bird cleansing and rehabilitation Deep Water Horizon response team looking for help in identifying affected animals
NFL star Adrian Peterson pleaded no contest Tuesday in a Texas court to one count of misdemeanor reckless assault , avoiding jail time for whipping one of his children . Peterson appeared in a Montgomery County court in Conroe after prosecutors and his attorneys reached a plea deal . Judge Kelly Case agreed to the terms of the deal , in which Peterson pleaded to a lesser charge . The Minnesota Vikings star was sentenced to two years of probation , a $ 4,000 fine and 80 hours of community service , half of which will be taken care of by a public service announcement . He also will take parenting classes . Peterson gave a brief statement outside the courthouse . "  I truly regret this incident , " he said . "  I stand here and I take full responsibility for my actions . I love my son more than any one of you can even imagine . " He did n't address a question about when he will return to the NFL . "  We will review the matter , including the court record , and then make a determination on his status . We can not provide a timetable , " NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said . Peterson 's attorney , Rusty Hardin , called the plea deal "  fair and just . " Opinion : Spanking is n't child abuse ; it 's common sense Montgomery County District Attorney Brett Ligon said Peterson was n't treated any differently because he is one of the NFL 's marquee players . Peterson -- who in 2011 signed a seven-year contract worth more than $ 100 million and is considered one of the NFL 's best running backs , if not the best -- left the Vikings in September after the team deactivated , then activated and then deactivated him again . He was accused in Texas of whipping his 4-year-old son with a "  switch , " or slender tree branch , and had originally been charged with felony child abuse . He faced up to two years in prison and a fine . Opinion : Does spanking harm the black community ? Ligon said the punishment was about behavior modification . "  I believe that Mr. Peterson is accepting responsibility  for hurting his child  , " Ligon said . "  I 'm looking forward to him ... taking a role as a responsible parent . "	Adrian Peterson says he loves his son and regrets the incident DA says the NFL star received no special treatment Peterson is on probation for 2 years , will make public service announcement He is still on the Vikings roster , but has been deactivated
CNN  -- Months before my son was born , I began searching for a nanny . The prospect of leaving my first child home with a stranger while my husband and I worked was n't ideal , but the only day care center in our neighborhood had a year-long wait list and our families were n't in a position to help . Entrusting Jake , now 12 , to a babysitter seemed like our only option . The catastrophic story unfolding in New York City of a nanny who has been arrested for stabbing to death two young children she was paid to care for is unimaginable for any parent . While I could never have envisioned anything as demonic as what 50-year-old Yoselyn Ortega is now accused of , I was anxious in those early weeks nearly every morning before I left for work : Would our new nanny shake my son if he cried ? Would she scald him accidently , even intentionally , when she bathed him ? I was so concerned that my husband and I installed nanny-cams around our apartment and hired a private company to perform criminal background checks . The Krim family likely followed their own safety checklist and never could have anticipated such a horror either . Their tragedy highlights the question turning in the pit of every parent 's stomach : Is my child truly safe with this woman ? Ms. Ortega was hardly a stranger to the husband and wife who hired her . On the mother 's blog  which has since been taken offline  she apparently wrote about spending more than a week visiting with her nanny 's family in the Dominican Republic . "  We spent the past 9 days in the Dominican Republic . We spent half the time at our nanny , Josie 's sisters home in Santiago , " she reportedly wrote . "  We met Josie 's amazing familia !!! And the Dominican Republic is a wonderful country !! More pics to come !! " As soon as I heard news of this story , it reminded me of the New York Times Magazine piece written by Lisa Belkin in 2007 about her babysitter , Noreen . Noreen Mulholland cared for Lisa 's two sons , but went on to become a nurse in Ireland who was later convicted of assaulting two patients , poisoning one of them . One day when Lisa 's son was 5 , he confided in her that he did n't want Noreen to come anymore . "  Noreen scares me , " Alex told her . Alex was never hurt , but her son 's words and her nanny 's reaction to them made Lisa start thinking that something was n't quite right with Noreen . How can any family really know all there is to know about their nanny ? Nanny - cams ca n't see into a person 's soul and mental illness wo n't necessarily show up on a background check . I asked New York State 's Office of Children and Family Services what parents can do during a nanny search to make the best  and safest  choices . The agency recommends obtaining a prospective caregiver 's school records , criminal history , credit background and driving record . New York parents have access to this information in part because of Kieran 's Law , passed in 1998 and named for Kieran Dunne , a 10-month-old boy who died in 1993 after a nanny threw him across a room . While all of the above might be helpful , the guidelines seem utterly toothless in the face of the evil we 've seen in New York . The Krims could have done everything in their power to investigate their nanny before hiring her -- and none of the research could have predicted a mental snap of such massive proportions . My son grew up unscathed and developed a loving relationship with our nanny . And two years later when our daughter was born , our nanny was still with us , providing love and much-needed support . Clearly we were lucky . The opinions expressed are solely those of Allison Gilbert .	A New York nanny was arrested for allegedly stabbing two children to death Allison Gilbert describes her fear when entrusting her children to a nanny Background checks are a good idea but ca n't guarantee a child 's safety
CNN  The New York City clinic where Joan Rivers underwent a procedure before her death will no longer be eligible to receive funds for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries at the end of this month . The Centers of Medicare & Medicaid Services  CMS  conducted several surveys of the Yorkville Endoscopy Center and found that deficiencies in safety had not been addressed . The Yorkville Endoscopy Center says it plans to appeal . "  We are continuing to work with all regulatory bodies . We intend to communicate with CMS and appropriate authorities to have the decision reversed . Yorkville continues to be a licensed facility and perform procedures while cooperating with the regulatory process . " The center has been surveyed several times since the August 28 appointment with Rivers . In a letter from CMS to the Yorkville center , it says the center continues to be noncompliant with the following : governing body and management , surgical services , quality assessment and performance improvement and environment . Rivers died on September 4 , a week after she underwent a procedure at the Upper East Side clinic . A report by CMS in November found the clinic failed to identify her deteriorating vital signs , failed to consistently document the dose of propofol , a sedative , that was administered and a number of other serious mistakes . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	The Centers of Medicare & Medicaid Services says safety issues had not been addressed Yorkville Endoscopy Center in Manhattan 's Upper East Side says it plans to appeal
CNN  -- "  Hong Kong enjoys a far higher degree of press freedom than before the handover in 1997 and this is on par with the most developed places in the world , " said Hong Kong Secretary for Home Affairs , Tsang Tak-sing , to the Legislative Council last November . Tsang was urging council members to vote down a motion defending press freedom in the territory , put forth by the Democratic Party 's Emily Lau amid growing concern about China 's influence on Hong Kong 's media . In fact , he sounded like a mainland official citing instances of ` good deeds ' when rebutting criticism against China 's human rights record . Such claims contrast sharply with the reality in Hong Kong , where the free flow and access to information has been gradually but steadily restricted following Hong Kong 's return to Chinese sovereignty on July 1 , 1997 . Although freedom of the press is enshrined in Hong Kong 's de facto constitution , the Basic Law , the gap has been shrinking between our city and mainland China , which does not enjoy freedom of expression . Hong Kong Special Administrative Region - Is it still special 15 years later ? In Hong Kong , the proliferation of media outlets does not tell the whole story . The figures are robust : a city of seven million people consuming 46 daily newspapers and 642 periodicals as of 2010 , according to the Hong Kong Yearbook . Nonetheless , the large number of media outlets does not ensure a diversity of voices , which is a fundamental part of press freedom . According to an industry survey conducted by the Hong Kong Journalists Association  HKJA  in April , nearly 87 % of the 663 journalists who responded said press freedom in Hong Kong has deteriorated since 2005 when Donald Tsang took office as Chief Executive . This builds upon a similar survey conducted by the HKJA in 2007 , in which 58.4 % of journalists felt press freedom had been eroded since the 1997 handover . The results confirmed a worrying trend in the media industry . More than 92 % of respondents in this latest survey found the government 's tight grip on the flow of information has now surpassed self-censorship as the main mode of eroding press freedom . In many ways , the government now controls what information can be reported , and which images and soundbites can be used . The media have been blocked from many coverage opportunities and forced to rely more on official press materials . The government has increasingly resorted to holding press briefings , where information presented there may be attributed only to "  anonymous " government sources . In one recent example , a population policy report was presented at a Rotary Club lunch by Chief Secretary Stephen Lam . A closed-door briefing was held , during which no audio or video recording was allowed . The full report was also not provided to the media , who were told to find it on the government 's website . The tightening of information sources by the government has more significance in Hong Kong than elsewhere because there is not a multi-party system in place . The governing party is the only source of official information , and it allows only manipulated information to trickle out into the public domain . More worrying are the reports of rough treatment being meted out to reporters on the ground . At the July 1 march last year -- an annual display of public wrath against the destruction of democracy -- at least 19 frontline reporters were pepper-sprayed and one was unreasonably arrested . In August , media access to a three-day visit by Chinese vice-premier Li Keqiang was mostly denied , with the press area located far away from the official ceremony . There are also tight restrictions on movement in the vicinity of the new government offices in Tamar , making it impossible to freely conduct interviews . But what is more damaging for press freedom is the increased self-censorship among journalists . In the HKJA survey conducted in April , 79.2 % of respondents said self-censorship now is more serious than at the start of Tsang 's term in 2005 . Many observers in Hong Kong claim Beijing 's liaison office made tremendous efforts to help the new Chief-Executive Leung Chun-ying win his position in the April elections . Three days before the vote , the Sing Pao newspaper distorted the opinion column of veteran commentator , Johnny Lau , to support Leung 's candidacy . Lau had rejected both candidates in his piece , which was altered without his consent to , "  Out of the two , I would rather choose Leung Chun-ying . " Sing Pao 's editor-in-chief , Ng Kai-kong , admitted the alteration was made to conform with front-page coverage supporting Leung . Nonetheless , Lau 's column was dropped completely from the paper shortly afterward , following a piece on the passing of mainland dissident Fang Lizhi in U.S. exile . The structural factors of journalistic self-censorship are reinforced when Hong Kong media outlets are owned by listed companies that have an eye on mainland China 's enormous market . Over half of their owners and major stakeholders are appointed as delegates to the National People 's Congress or members of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference . This conflict of interest leads to unfavorable coverage of the Chinese government being cut . Criticism of conglomerates that wield strong influence over advertising , and news detrimental to media owners ' interests are downplayed . Last month , the English-language South China Morning Post 's reduction of a 25-cm-long story to a mere 100-word brief on the questionable death of mainland dissident Li Wangyang on the day the story broke aroused allegations of self-censorship from both its employees and the media industry . The newly-promoted editor-in-chief , Wang Xiangwei , who is a member of the Jilin Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , provided a weak defence in an official statement , arguing that he "  chose not to prioritize coverage on the first day it broke until more facts and details surrounding the circumstances of this case could be established . " The SCMP only gave wider coverage to the incident after the local Chinese media gave it extensive coverage , and 25,000 people took to the streets to demand a thorough investigation into Li 's death . It seems the newspaper does not want be seen as lagging behind the ethos of Hong Kong . Read about Hong Kong 's mass protest on July 1 Press freedom in Hong Kong is endangered and while efforts should start from us journalists , we need a collective effort to turn the tide . This latest controversy shows that mass social pressure may be an effective way to ward off self-censorship . The Chinese authorities could not immediately be reached for comment . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mak Yinting .	Freedom of the press has steadily eroded in Hong Kong since city 's return to Chinese sovereignty Survey shows nearly 87 % of journalists say press freedom in Hong Kong has deteriorated Government 's grip on flow of information is main form of eroding press freedom Increased self-censorship is most dangerous form of declining press freedom
CNN  -- Comedian Stephen Colbert used his signature humor last week to focus the nation 's attention on a very serious issue : the treatment of the hardworking people who produce our nation 's food supply . Some members of Congress complained that Colbert 's testimony before the House Immigration Subcommittee was undignified ; others took issue with his invocation of Christian values . Colbert 's deadpan humor may have been slightly irreverent , but he did the country a service by highlighting congressional inaction on immigration reform and pointedly referencing the issue 's moral dimension . Responding to a question from California Democratic Rep. Judy Chu about his interest in migrant workers , Colbert became uncharacteristically serious , even invoking the words of Jesus , who said that "  whatsoever you did for the least of my brothers , you did it to me "  Matthew 25:40  . Colbert , who is a practicing Catholic , noted that in today 's troubled economy , there are many "  least brothers . " He added , "  I do n't want to take anyone 's hardship away from them or diminish it or anything like that . But migrant workers suffer , and have no rights . " These were not idle comments . Christians take Jesus ' words as a call to show justice and mercy to those at the very bottom of the social hierarchy . It is a call that Jesus embodied in his own life , as he engaged with Samaritans , lepers , prostitutes , tax collectors and others treated as outcasts in society . Jesus summarized his mission as bringing good news to the poor , freedom for prisoners , recovery of sight for the blind and release for the oppressed  Luke 4:18 -19  . Caring for migrant farmworkers is one way that Christians today -- including Christian lawmakers -- should follow Jesus ' example . In 2009 , the National Association of Evangelicals , which represents some 45,000 churches with millions of constituents , issued a call for immigration reform . In the past year , we have held numerous meetings with members of Congress and with White House officials , and we have conducted forums , news conferences and other public events . In one of those events , veteran evangelical civil rights leader John Perkins called immigration reform "  the civil rights struggle of our day . " Why ? While some agricultural operations have become highly mechanized , growing fruits and vegetables is still labor intensive . For decades , farmers have relied on migrant workers , primarily immigrants , to do this difficult but essential work . Despite this massive and predictable need , our immigration laws make little provision for the legal entry of immigrant farmworkers . Still , the crops must be picked : Our economy and food security depend on it . So each year , growers hire tens of thousands of undocumented workers to do some of the most backbreaking jobs in America . As a result , Americans enjoy an abundant supply of affordable produce and our economy enjoys a substantial boost . As testimony by Colbert and others pointed out , there is a dark side to this story . Undocumented farmworkers are poorly paid , enjoy few rights and live in fear of deportation . Full disclosure : I descend from generations of farmers and am married to the daughter of a migrant farmworker . I know that farmers face losses from potential labor shortages during critical periods and risk hefty fines for hiring workers without employment visas . State and local governments educate the children of migrants but do n't reap the benefits of their investment because the graduates are not allowed to work legally and become taxpaying citizens .  Undocumented immigrants , of course , pay sales taxes , and many pay Social Security and income taxes , though they are ineligible for most public benefits . None of this is new information to the representatives who gathered in the Immigration Subcommittee hearing last week to listen to testimony on the proposed AgJOBS legislation . Immigration reform has been debated for years . The basic elements needed to fix our broken immigration system are clear . They include securing our borders , fixing our broken legal immigration system and providing an equitable pathway to earned legal status for the currently undocumented . Business , agriculture , labor , faith and immigrant advocate groups are in broad agreement on the solutions . It is an issue on which President Obama and former President Bush , and many leaders in both parties , have agreed . And yet , after 21 months on the job , the 111th Congress has failed even to seriously debate the issues . No bill has come to a vote at even the subcommittee level . Politicians may resent Colbert 's jokes , but they can scarcely blame the comedian if their constituents are exasperated by congressional inaction on this and other critical issues , despite the many promises on the campaign trail . By mischaracterizing immigration reform as amnesty and open borders  nothing could be further from the truth  , pandering to voters ' fears and prejudices , and putting short-term political gain ahead of the national interest , they have lost legitimacy in the minds of many . If a slightly irreverent comedian can help to prick the nation 's conscience and move us to finally rectify this long-standing injustice , then we welcome his intervention . Members of Congress should smile , swallow their medicine and do what they know is right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Galen Carey .	Galen Carey says in House testimony , Colbert serious about morality of immigration reform He said Colbert used Jesus ' words about helping "  the least of my brothers " in urging reform Christian lawmakers who have let reform languish should follow Jesus ' example , Carey says Carey : Instead , by promoting misinformation , fear , lawmakers have lost legitimacy on issue
CNN  -- Sunday night 's 55th annual Grammy Awards were as much about the performances as it was the actual statues handed out . The evening saw some powerful collaborations among artists , and all eyes were on one controversial performer . Here are the top 5 moments of the night : 1  Killer performances Take your pick . From a spirited performance of "  The Weight " by an all-star group including Sir Elton John , T Bone Burnett , the Zac Brown Band , Mavis Staples , Mumford & Sons and Brittany Howard of the Alabama Shakes , to the many duets like R&B crooner Miguel with Wiz Khalifa and Miranda Lambert with fellow country artist Dierks Bentley , it was all thrilling . Fun . reminded us as to why we loved them when they performed "  Carry On . " But they won a big award of the night , song of the year , for their hit "  We Are Young . " And the stars in the audience were grooving along during a tribute to Bob Marley led by Bruno Mars , Rihanna , Sting , Ziggy and Damian Marley . Even Taylor Swift won us over when she took to the stage dressed as a ringmaster and surrounded by circus/carnival types to kick off the ceremony with her hit "  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together . " Grammy coverage on Marquee But one of the most eagerly awaited performances was : 2  The return of Justin Timberlake to the stage The Grammys went sepia-toned for Timberlake 's performance of his new single "  Suit and Tie , " which offered plenty of homage to the Rat Pack era with Timberlake in a tux with a bow tie and a big band with similarly suited backup singers billed as "  JT and the Tennessee Kids . " Jay-Z left his seat in the audience to run up on stage for his rap portion of the song . And Timberlake was cooler than cool as he segued into his new single "  Pusher Love Girl . " The performance marked the return of Timberlake to music since he took a four-year break to focus on acting . Welcome home JT . 3  LL Cool J pulls triple duty Sure , he 's a big acting star now , but do n't forget that LL , aka James Todd Smith , got his start in the hip hop game . So it felt right when the Grammy host donned a knit cap , a black T-shirt and some subtle bling to perform alongside Chuck D , Travis Barker , Tom Morello and DJ Z-Trip . They closed out the show with "  Welcome to the Terrordome " and shouted out the late Beastie Boy , Adam "  MCA " Yauch , with a "  No Sleep Till Brooklyn " chant . He also kept the audience informed of what folks were saying on social media , reading tweets and responding to some . The Grammys got its monies worth with him . 4  Adele did n't wear black You ca n't not love her as she sings like an angel , is hilarious and just seems so normal . But just like you can always count on a practically flawless performance when she grabs the mic , we thought she was also a sure bet to show up in a black frock . It 's kind of been like her thing . But no . When Adele took to the stage to claim the first award of the night , best pop solo performance for "  Set Fire to the Rain , " she was wearing a flowery , red and black Valentino dress . New life as a mom and clearly new fashion choices : It was almost as surprising as Prince showing up to present Gotye and Kimbra the record of the year award for "  Somebody That I Used To Know . 5  The somewhat anticlimactic appearance of Chris Brown with Rihanna Despite a few cutaways of the pair sitting together in the audience and Brown standing and clapping following her performance , seeing the two together was not as big a deal as the run up felt like it should be . Friday marked the fourth anniversary of Brown 's assault on Rihanna , which occurred before that year 's Grammy ceremony . The pair had been a huge focus of this year 's Grammys as fans waited to see if they would arrive at the ceremony together and how much "  togetherness " they would exhibit . But in the end it felt like really no big deal . More surprising was six-time nominee Frank Ocean not winning any of the big awards he was up for . Ocean scored best urban contemporary album and shared best rap collaboration with Kanye West and Jay-Z for "  No Church in the Wild , " but lost best new artist to Fun . and album of the year to Mumford & Sons . 55th Grammy Awards : The winners list It was also more fun checking to see which artists ignored the reported Grammys memo asking them to cover up  we are looking at you and your rather exposed bosom Katy Perry  . Jennifer Lopez even joked about it while presenting . "  As you can see I read the memo , " Lopez said , wearing a black dress cut extremely high and fully exposing one leg . CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this story	The 55th Grammy Awards were held Sunday night on CBS NEW : LL Cool J closes out show with a performance NEW : Mumford & Sons beat Frank Ocean for album of the year
CNN  -- Dustin Johnson was left frustrated after two lapses gave his rivals hope of stopping the American from running away with the biggest victory of his golf career in China . The 29-year-old will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the $ 8.5 million HSBC Champions tournament in Shanghai , but two double-bogeys -- the second at his last hole -- took the gloss off a six-under-par 66 peppered with 10 birdies . It meant that Ian Poulter 's sparkling 63 in Saturday 's third round put the Englishman in an even better position to emulate Tiger Woods -- the only player to defend a World Golf Championship title . "  I 'm still a little mad from my double-bogey on 18 , " Johnson told reporters at Sheshan International Golf Club . "  Obviously to have a three-shot lead going into the last day is good and I am looking forward to the challenge . I still have to play really well . "  If you told me teeing off I would shoot six under I would have taken it , but I obviously left a few shots out there . I 'm definitely happy with what I shot . Obviously I 'm just not happy with the way I finished . " Johnson , who had led by five at the halfway stage of the co-sanctioned tournament , is seeking to add to his seven PGA Tour victories , the last of which came in Hawaii in January . "  Making two doubles , there 's no excuse for that , " he said . "  Especially the way I 'm playing right now , it should n't happen . But 66 is still a good day and I did make 10 birdies , so I hit a lot of great shots . " Poulter was second on 15 under , carding an eagle and eight birdies -- five of them in a row . "  I guess the only blemish for me , which leaves a bit of a sour taste , was three-putting 17 , and actually missing a couple of opportunities , " said Poulter , who is chasing the $ 1.2 million first prize to boost his hopes of reaching the European Tour 's Race to Dubai finale . This is the second of four events leading to the 60-man shootout , with the standings headed by the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup champion Henrik Stenson . The Swede was tied for 58th after his best round this week -- a 67 following 76 and 74 . He could be overtaken by second-placed Graeme McDowell , who is third in Shanghai after a 64 put him a shot behind Poulter . The Northern Irishman 's only major win came at the 2010 U.S. Open , where he hunted down Johnson on the final day when the U.S. Ryder Cup player also had a three-stroke advantage . "  From here it looks like Dustin is going to have to beat himself for anybody to have a chance to catch him , " McDowell said . "  Race to Dubai points will be very important to me ; I have a lot to play for tomorrow . If not the trophy , second place will certainly be worth my while . " Former world No. 1 Rory McIlroy shot 67 to be tied for fourth with U.S. Open champion Justin Rose and Canadian Graham DeLaet , who both carded 65 . Martin Kaymer , another player who has topped the rankings , climbed to a tie for seventh with former Masters champion Bubba Watson and another American , Boo Weekley . The German had been on course for the holy grail of 59 , but had to settle for 62 after parring his last three holes . British Open champion Phil Mickelson was tied for 22nd after a three-bogey , three-birdie 72 . Masters titleholder Adam Scott is back home ahead of next week 's Australian PGA , while world No. 1 Woods will return to action for the third Race to Dubai Final Series event in Turkey .	American golfer Dustin Johnson leads by three shots ahead of final round in Shanghai Johnson cards 10 birdies and two double-bogeys in Saturday 's 66 at HSBC Champions Defending champion Ian Poulter second after a 63 in World Golf Championship event Third-placed Graeme McDowell seeking to take lead in Race to Dubai standings
INDIO , California  CNN  -- For some concertgoers , the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival really kicked into action on Day Two . Festival attendees enjoy the music Saturday , Day Two of the Coachella music festival in Indio , California . Day One was leisurely and pleasant -- the weather was mild , the acts were fairly mellow and the big headliner was Paul McCartney . On Day Two , someone took the dial and turned it up a notch , as the desert sun beat down a little harder , the music pumped a little louder and the crowds who packed the VIP tent threw a little more attitude . There were the usual celebrity sightings . Jake Gyllenhaal and Reese Witherspoon snuck in the back just as rapper M.I.A. hit the stage , Paris Hilton took in Travis Barker and DJ AM 's set in the Sahara tent and David Hasselhoff was spotted making out with a mystery lady near the restrooms . Forty-six acts performed on five stages scattered about the grassy field of the Empire Polo Club near Palm Springs , California . Massive eco-friendly art installations fashioned from scrap metal and reclaimed wood doubled as shelter from the heat , as well as mini-stages for dancers and performance artists . There was good buzz for thenewno2 , an indie-pop band fronted by Oli Hecks and Dhani Harrison , whose vocals are reminiscent of his late father , George , but warmer , and less haunting . "  It 's the first festival we 've ever played , and our 12th gig overall , " said Harrison . "  Normally with festivals , people come to check you out , stand in the back , and then move on pretty quickly , even if they like you -- but people stayed ! It 's the best performance we 've ever had . " Unfortunately Fleet Foxes was not so lucky . The Seattle , Washington , group 's delicate baroque harmonies were drowned out by the world music beats of Thievery Corporation 's percussion section bleeding over from the neighboring main stage , as one of their female vocalists crowd-surfed . As usual , the day 's line-up was a mix of up-and-coming indie artists sprinkled with tried-and-true veteran acts . The Killers have played Coachella in both capacities . The Las Vegas , Nevada , quartet received their first invitation from festival organizers in 2004 , the same year their debut album , "  Hot Fuss , " was released . "  We played at 11:30 a.m. in a tent . It was 150 degrees out , and backstage , it smelled like horse droppings , " said drummer Ronnie Vannucci , referencing the fact that there are certain consequences to holding an event on a polo field in the desert . This time , as the marquee act , The Killers enjoyed their own backstage compound decked out with a white picket fence , tablecloths and festive party lights in the shape of daisies . Palm trees gently swayed in the distance , silhouetted against the desert backdrop . You could hear the crowd going crazy for a feisty M.I.A. slotted on the main stage before The Killers . Vannucci and his three bandmates had just rolled in on their tour bus from Vegas . He spoke with CNN while warming up his hands and wrists with drumming exercises . "  With festivals , you have to realize the audience is not necessarily there to see YOU . So we 'll play some stuff off our new album , ` Day and Age , ' and work in some songs that everybody knows , like ` Mr. Brightside ' from our first album . " Half an hour later , The Killers took the stage , opening their set with their latest hit , "  Human . " Frontman Brandon Flowers soon had the crowd singing the along to the perplexing lyrics , "  Are we human , or are we dancer ? " At Coachella , it does n't matter if you 're human or if you 're dancer . But if you 're dancer , you 'll probably be relegated to one of the mini-stages inside an art installation . "  The first time I heard about Coachella 10 years ago , I thought , ` That could be the cool festival here in America , " said Vannucci . "  It 's since become a successful festival with good bands , swarms of people coming in from all over the world -- even art elements . It 's strange to think we 're headlining one night . "	46 acts perform on 5 stages at Empire Polo Club near Palm Springs , California Massive art installations of scrap metal and wood shelter people from heat The Killers enjoy backstage compound with picket fence , tablecloths , festive lights Killers frontman Brandon Flowers has crowd singing the along to new hit , "  Human "
Iraq is tearing itself apart . Its government has lost control of large parts of the country ; intercommunal violence is rife and al Qaeda is resurgent . A description not of 2014 but 2006 -- and a situation that led Joseph R. Biden , then a U.S. Senator and now Vice President , to argue that it was time to split Iraq into three parts : Kurdish , Shia and Sunni . Biden and Leslie Gelb , in an op-ed for the New York Times , looked to Bosnia as the modern precedent , which they asserted had been preserved by "  paradoxically , dividing it into ethnic federations , even allowing Muslims , Croats and Serbs to retain separate armies . " It was a formula , they believed , that could work in Iraq . "  The Kurdish , Sunni and Shiite regions would each be responsible for their own domestic laws , administration and internal security . The central government would control border defense , foreign affairs and oil revenues . " So ran the argument . The Biden/Gelb plan was endorsed by the U.S. Senate in 2007 but ignored by the Bush Administration . Seven years later , the division of Iraq into ethnic regions looks more likely than ever . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  holds much of western and northern Iraq , including the city of Mosul , and the Kurdish leadership is pressing ahead with plans for a referendum as a likely step towards a unilateral declaration of independence . Ramzy Mardini , an Iraq expert at the Atlantic Council , says : "  The basic equation is this : ISIS provokes Shiites , Shiites overreact and generalize their response against Sunnis , and more Sunnis come to support ISIS . It 's a vicious circle , with each cycle hardening the sectarian divide . " For that reason , the chances of a negotiated separation have evaporated . "  Biden often saw Iraq through the lens of the former Yugoslavia , -LSB- but -RSB- borders ca n't come from pencil and paper , " Mardini told CNN . "  It would have to come out of ethnic war . " "  Iraq is a state that has always been governed under authoritarian rule . Assuming it can suddenly pivot to a federal , democratic system is naive , not only about the history of Iraq , but about the political system of federalism in general . Federalism is a complicated and sophisticated framework . " Taking aim at ISIS : Women train with AK-47s to defend streets Among the many obstacles to a negotiated break-up , Sunni areas in the west would not be economically viable unless they received a share of oil revenues from other regions ; theirs is the only part of Iraq not sitting on lakes of oil . There are also few natural borders , and plenty of areas -- especially Baghdad and Diyala province -- where the different communities live cheek by jowl . Sunnis would not agree to Kurdish rule of the mixed city of Kirkuk . "  For a decade now , they have been unable to pass a revenue-sharing and oil law , " Mardini says . "  How will you get Shiite Iraq to share their revenues with Sunni Iraq ? And how do you get the Iraqis to agree on the borders of the regions ? That would require political settlements on all disputed territories - and we know how hard it has been to do that for the last decade . " The orphans of Iraq A redrawing of the map , whether at a conference or through conflict , would have a huge impact on the region . Turkey , Iran and Syria -- all of which have their own Kurdish minorities -- would be wary of an oil-rich Kurdish state on their borders . The Shiite part of Iraq would most likely become closely integrated with Iran , giving Tehran much more leverage over Iraq 's oil industry . "  The unity of Iraq has been a major core interest for the United States for a reason , " Mardini says . "  Without the Sunnis and Kurds as a part of Iraq , then there 's not much to help balance out the influence Iran has in the country 's national oil politics . " On the other hand , an independent Sunni region -- one that no longer felt discriminated against by a majority Shia government -- might be saved from falling into extremist hands . The Sunnis would have no incentive to turn to a jihadist group like ISIS as an ally if they had no enemy in Baghdad . Equally , they might make common cause with Syria 's Sunnis . Many of the tribes live both sides of the border . The collapse of Iraq raises the specter of mass migration and violence of the sort that accompanied the birth of India and Pakistan . It is a real danger , but the current situation has already driven thousands of people from their homes ; hundreds more have been killed . Some historians argue that Iraq was never really a country anyway , more a colonial confection like British India , and we are now seeing the inevitable consequence . How Iran is pushing U.S. aside in Iraq The Rest Is History In the early 20th century , tribes were paramount in the vast Arabian deserts . The arbitrary carve-up of Arabia began with the Sykes Picot agreement in 1916 , with the French taking the mandate to govern Syria and Lebanon , and the British what was then Palestine and Iraq . In 1919 the League of Nations rubber-stamped French and British administration of vast areas of what had been the Ottoman Empire . Iraq 's borders were created at a conference in Cairo in 1921 , largely thanks to Winston Churchill and T E Lawrence  aka Lawrence of Arabia  , who were among about 40 British officials gathered at the Semiramis Palace on the Nile . They effectively invented Iraq , setting up Faisal bin Hussein as the king of a new country . Faisal was a Sunni and a Hashemite who was n't even from Iraq . British policy was to promote the interests of the Sunni and other minorities as a counter-balance to the Shia majority -- and expel troublesome Shia clergy , all tools that Saddam Hussein would find useful a half-century later . Against the advice of several experts , the new Iraq included the Kurdish-dominated province of Mosul , as a buffer against both Turkey and Russia  soon to become the Soviet Union . One of the senior advisers at the Cairo Conference was Gertrude Bell , an indomitable traveler who knew many of the region 's tribal sheikhs . Bell -- and many since -- underestimated the power of the Shia clergy . And she over-estimated the power of British rule . She told Jafar al Askari , who would become Prime Minister of the young Iraq , that "  complete independence is what we ultimately wish to give . " "  My lady , " al Askari replied , "  complete independence is never given ; it is always taken " -- words that may have a new resonance in Iraq today . READ : How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda READ : Europe 's threat from jihadists in Iraq and Syria	Division of Iraq into ethnic regions looks more likely than ever before Iraq experts say cycle of violence is hardening sectarian divide -- wrecking chance of negotiated separation Sunni areas in west would not be economically viable unless they received oil revenues from other regions Independent Sunni region , free from discrimination by majority Shia government , might escape extremist rule
The Vatican said Wednesday it has suspended a German bishop who has come under fire for his extravagant lifestyle . Bishop Franz-Peter Tebartz-van Elst is under investigation for his spending after his residence in Limburg , Germany , was renovated for $ 42 million . The Vatican says Tebartz-van Elst can not carry out his ministry as long as the investigation in ongoing , and he 's been ordered to stay outside his diocese . Called the "  Bling Bishop , " Tebartz-van Elst , who is known as theologically conservative , has denied any wrongdoing , saying the cost overruns on the renovation are legitimate because surrounding structures had to be protected , including the old city wall . But many people in Limburg and elsewhere want the bishop to step down . "  He built his office on lies , " said Limburg resident Patrick Dehm . "  This must come to an end . The diocese does n't deserve this . " For papal biographer Marco Politi it 's not that simple . "  The Pope is sending Bishop Tebartz-van Elst into exile for two months , " he told CNN affiliate RTL . "  That is indeed a punishment , but a lot now depends on what the investigating committee will say . " Some German media have come down hard on the bishop , with Der Spiegel criticizing him for taking a first-class flight to India , where he visited with the poor . Tebartz-van Elst said that he had gotten an upgrade and that he 's no fan of champagne or caviar . For his latest trip to the Vatican , he reportedly flew on a budget airline . Pope Francis shuns luxury apartment	Germany 's Franz-Peter Tebartz-van Elst has been called the "  Bling Bishop " The bishop 's residence in Limburg , Germany , underwent a $ 42 million renovation The Vatican says the bishop must stay outside his diocese during the investigation
CNN  -- Rebecca Sedwick should be 13 now . She should be enjoying the birthday cupcakes and ice cream her mom planned for her . But Rebecca will never know what it 's like to be a teenager . She killed herself last month , jumping off a silo after she was tormented by bullying . Her mother , Tricia Norman , posted a birthday message to Rebecca on Facebook on what would have been her 13th birthday Saturday . "  I remember so clearly the moment you were born . I knew I was gifted with a precious life and every moment since , I did my very best to protect you and now I feel like I failed that very important job that God gave me because He took you from me way too soon , " Norman wrote . "  I am doing my very best to make sure that other parents are made aware of how serious of a problem bullying is and I hope you are proud of me and satisfied with my progress . I am also working hard to make sure those that wronged you pay the price for what they did to you !! " A day after a class on bullying , a suicide Over a boy ? Rebecca and one of her alleged bullies were once friends , but they both had feelings for the same boy , police said . It soured their relationship . In November 2012 , the bullying began , Judd said , and it expanded beyond the initial tensions between the two girls . Police arrested a second suspect accused of intensely bullying Rebecca , and they also confiscated the laptops and cell phones of 15 girls at Crystal Lake Middle School , which Rebecca had attended . They found a barrage of horrible messages : "  nobody cares about u " "  i hate u " "  you seriously deserve to die " Rebecca apparently gave up on herself , Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said . "  Rebecca was n't attacking back . She appeared to be beat down . " But Rebecca 's suffering was no secret at her school . Teachers saw her in tears . In December , she was hospitalized after slitting her wrists . Her school started a campaign against bullying , giving talks before the student body to discourage it . The night before her deadly plunge , she sent a message to a boy she met on Facebook : "  I 'm jumping . I ca n't take it anymore . " Should parents be criminally liable for kids ' cyberbullying ? A suspect 's defense Two girls have been charged with aggravated stalking in Rebecca 's case : 14-year-old Guadalupe Shaw and 12-year-old Kaitlyn Roman . CNN does not typically identify minors who are charged as juveniles , but the network is doing so in this case because their identities have been publicized by law enforcement and have received extensive publicity in their local media . Weeks after Rebecca leaped to her death , a potentially incriminating message appeared on Guadalupe 's Facebook page : "  Yes IK I bullied REBECCA nd she killed her self but IDGAF , " the message read . Judd said the online vernacular meant : "  I do n't give a  expletive  . " The sheriff called in Guadalupe and her family about the post . Police arrested the daughter . Mother of girl accused of bullying Florida teen arrested on unrelated charges But Guadalupe 's father , Jose , told CNN 's "  New Day " last week that his daughter could n't have been the one to post that message . The father had just finished watching the news on TV when he found her asleep and sent her to bed . It was about that time that the message landed on Facebook , he said . "  I grabbed the computer and took it to my room , and the only other thing she could have used to send this message was my cell phone , and my cell phone is always with me , " he said . He said he suspects someone hacked her account . But the sheriff said he doubts that . Judd said investigators do n't believe the teen 's Facebook account was compromised , Judd said . Sheriff : Taunting post leads to arrests in bullying death Mother of teen suspect arrested Not long after Guadalupe 's arrest , her mother was arrested on suspicion of child abuse and child neglect , authorities said Friday . Judd said 30-year-old Vivian Vosburg was arrested Friday afternoon . The sheriff emphasized that Vosburg 's charges are not related to those of her daughter and the other young suspect in Rebecca 's case . Vosburg 's arrest came after authorities received tips from residents that she might have been involved in beating children , Judd said . A minute-long video clip Judd played at a Friday press conference showed a woman , whom he identified as Vosburg , punching two boys with her fist while shouting profanities . Join us October 29 for a Google Hangout on bullying Judd said the mother first argued the beating was an accident but then said it "  got out of hand " partly because she was having a bad day . The video had been posted to the Internet and has since been taken down . It was n't immediately clear who took the video or when and where it was taken . Boy asks Santa to make kids stop bullying his sister CNN 's Kim Segal , John Couwels and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	"  I did my very best to protect you and now I feel like I failed , " Rebecca Sedwick 's mother says Rebecca , 12 , jumped off a silo last month after she was bullied by schoolmates Rebecca 's mom promises her that she will teach other parents about how serious bullying is The father of a teen suspect says his daughter did n't post a nasty message on Facebook
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Young fashion designer Ali Khan made his debut at New York Fashion Week with male models strutting down the runway in his avant-garde menswear designs . One of Ali Khan 's designs : black and white baseball jacket , white cotton shirt and gray cotton-blend pants . But Khan was n't behind the scenes to enjoy the show , because U.S. officials would n't let him into the country . "  It 's really disappointing to not be able to be there with my classmates , but even if I ca n't be there , I 'm still so excited my collection is showing on the New York runways , " Khan said . Khan created his runway high fashion not from one of the fashion capitals of the world but from his home in Lahore , Pakistan . The young designer describes his spring collection as a mixture of classic elements with a newer silhouette . It is versatile and can be worn easily from day to night . Khan studied fashion design in online classes from San Francisco , California 's Academy of Art University School of Fashion . "  Ali is a star here at the Academy and possesses superb talent , " said Ian MacKintosh , spokesman for Academy of Art University . A few outstanding new graduates are chosen to present their thesis collections every year at glamorous Fashion Week . For young designers , this is a chance to showcase their creations at a potentially career-launching venue . Khan was notified in June that he 'd made the final cut and that his collection was going to fashion week . "  I was out of this world excited when I found out . You ca n't even dream of something like that , " Khan said . "  I have wanted this ever since I was a kid ! " The Internet made it possible for Khan to study at Academy of Art University , which in addition to a regular classroom environment provides Internet classes through video and audio links for students who are unable to attend the university in person . Some classes are "  live " one-on-one conferences between professor and student , and others are pre-taped lessons with a professor . Videos and photos of the students ' work , demonstrating technique , stitching , fabric choices and sketches , are all sent to the teacher via Internet and are critiqued for grades . Of the 1,800 Academy students , 25 were selected by the committee , and of those , only 15 students were finally chosen to show their collections at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Spring 2009 . Khan was among those chosen and immediately applied for his travel visa , but the Pakistan and U.S. governments declined his request . He was not given a reason . He had to ship his entire final menswear collection to the Academy 's Committee . That menswear collection was shown Friday , the opening day of the Mercedes Benz Fashion Week . Khan has begun work on his next collection and is in the process of launching his own label in Doha , Qatar .	Young designer Ali Khan had a runway show at NYC Fashion Week But his homeland of Pakistan and the U.S. would n't let him attend Khan got a degree from U.S. fashion school after taking Internet classes He describes his collection as mixture of classic elements with a newer silhouette
CNN  -- Americans have been repeatedly shocked by school violence this year -- first in Nevada , where in October a student shot and killed a teacher and wounded two students before taking his own life ; then days later by the news that the body of a young teacher was found behind her school in Massachusetts . The images of traumatized parents and a campus surrounded by police tape shake us profoundly -- our hearts break for the families of those who died . For them , this is the beginning of an unwanted journey . In my education research I have focused on the question of what happens in the lives of the people still connected to a school that has endured such a trauma long after the media and law enforcement move on . School shootings affect teachers , school secretaries , maintenance people and anyone else on campus at the time . How the school , the community and families work together is critical to the long-term recovery of those who witnessed the nightmare . It 's important to consider two aspects of life after a school shooting . First , what do teachers go through as the days stretch on and , second , what can we learn from past shootings to help the educators in Sparks ? For teachers who witness school shootings , one diagnosis stands out , and it is well-known in the field of psychology : post-traumatic stress disorder , or PTSD . Teachers who see a shooting will experience the trauma of the activating event and a series of other emotions : pain , confusion , guilt , shame , a questioning of self-worth , fear , anger , depression , and , sometimes , acute anxiety . They may question their very sense of how the world works around them . They struggle to find a sense of safety . Teacher slayings hurt view of schools as safe havens If PTSD is not dealt with , the quality of the teacher 's life can degrade rapidly . Psychiatric clinician Bessel van der Kolk has described how , left untreated , these changes can become permanent . Victims of untreated PTSD can degrade into rigid thinking , paranoia , defensiveness , over-reactivity and health problems . This can have serious ramifications for students in their classrooms . They might find their teacher more and more withdrawn , less willing to engage intellectually or emotionally , defensive , sarcastic , inflexible and perhaps emotionally unstable . Teacher absenteeism -- meaning more substitute teachers -- might become a problem . What can we learn from previous shootings that might help the educators in Nevada ? The most important factor in recovery is quick access to professional crisis counseling . Crisis counselors must discern how each individual witness deals with PTSD . In their trauma research , psychologists James Fauerbach and John Lawrence found that adjustment to trauma is a dynamic process influenced by the intensity of the incident but also by pre-trauma factors -- for example family stability , socioeconomic status . Personal resilience , which is effected by such things as social support , personality and native coping abilities , plays a role . This is why past experience teaches us it 's important to get quick professional psychological treatment , tailored to each individual . More severe PTSD symptoms , such as recurring nightmares , can arise over time ; it 's crucial that counseling continue to be available and actively offered . After the first few weeks have passed , witnesses still need support . One of the worst things anyone can do is pressure the witness to "  just get over it . " Past experience suggests that teachers who witness shootings and who have these layers of support from family and community recover more fully and quickly than those who are more isolated . And then there is time . Each person heals at a different pace . There will be teachers who will be able to return to their duties in a week or so ; some may need months or years of support and therapy . In my own study I compared two teachers recovering after witnessing a school shooting . One was able to return within a week and had extended support from district and local mental health professionals for some time . A mental health professional checked in on him weekly , even a year later . The other teacher had no such support . She was not even offered counseling . Her world , demonstrating van der Kolk 's assertions , descended into defensiveness and health problems . She was unable to function after a month back on the job . School administrators should understand that a teacher going back into the classroom may be an unknown ; their post-shooting self may still be struggling in many ways . Unfortunately a 2005 study found that 75 % of school districts affected by campus shootings did not require counseling for teacher witnesses . Coordinating a re-entry plan with a professional psychologist can be fundamental to restoring a witness to a productive and healthy life . Finally , research indicates that the more connected a witness feels to the school , to his or her family , and to the community , the better the possibility for long-term healing . School administrators , by routinely fostering relationships through off-campus faculty parties , softball games and other group activities , could be setting up a safety net that could smooth over a transition for future trauma victims . One of the participants in my study regularly went on recreational events with co-workers . He mentioned how these same people felt connected to him and were there for him after the shooting . They knew him , knew when he needed alone time and when he needed to be around people . While this can not prevent a tragedy , it can set up mechanisms to assist in healing . In the weeks and months that follow , administrators , community members , family members and colleagues should be sensitive to events , objects and other factors that may cause heightened anxiety and panic attacks . To guide teachers , administrators will need professional advice from psychologists . Beyond these things , what can the rest of us do to help ? First of all , be a part of your local school . Teachers , students , administrators and other school workers need to feel valued and respected . Be a part of the process to find ways to make schools safer . Secondly , encourage your local school leaders to develop school morale , to develop crisis management plans and to foster a community feeling around the school . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward Mooney Jr. .	Edward Mooney Jr. : After school violence , teacher trauma must be addressed He says psychological help , community support crucial for these teachers He says without treatment teachers ' behavior can suffer Mooney : Fostering strong school communities aids recovery in the event of trauma
CNN  -- A Scottish court has convicted eight men of child sexual abuse in what police say is the largest pedophile ring ever dismantled in Scotland . The eight men were all convicted Thursday of offenses related to indecent photographs of children . Three were also convicted of the sexual abuse of young children , and five were convicted of conspiring to take part in the sexual abuse of a child , identified only as Child F. "  Tens of thousands of photographic and video images of children being sexually abused were recovered , " said Morag McLaughlin , the prosecutor for the Lothian and Borders region . "  All of those involved in the investigation and prosecution of the case have been profoundly affected by it . " Two of the men , Neil Strachan and James Rennie , face a maximum of life in prison when they are sentenced July 29 , said a spokesman for the High Court in Edinburgh , where the men were convicted . The others , who will be sentenced June 11 , face a variety of lesser sentences . The police investigation revealed a network of people who shared a common interest in child sexual abuse , said Detective Superintendent Allan Jones , of Lothian and Borders Police . Information from the probe yielded information on 70 others around Britain and led to "  numerous arrests , " he said . "  They made initial contact via the Internet and used it to share vile imagery and discuss the abuse of children , " Jones said . Watch a report on the convicted men " Strachan was the only one of the eight who was previously known to police , he said . "  All of them led classic double lives . Some of them were respected members of their professions and communities , " Jones said . The family of Child F released a statement after the conviction that detailed how Rennie betrayed the family 's trust to abuse their son . Rennie was "  the closest of family friends " for more than 15 years and even offered support and friendship during difficult times , they said . "  To subsequently learn that he abused our son , and invited others to do the same , has been devastating , " the family said . "  As a family we have had to learn to live and cope with the effects these horrific events have had . " The mother of another child involved in the case , identified only as Child JL , described her "  anguish " about what Strachan had done to her son . "  I will never be able to forgive him for the sick acts that he committed against my son , " said the mother , whose name was not released . "  I feel that no matter what punishment given to Mr. Strachan , it will never be able to compensate for the hurt , devastation and great deal of stress brought to me and my family . Mr. Strachan used and abused our trust in order to satisfy his and others ' sick needs . " Police and prosecutors gathered important evidence from overseas and used new scientific expertise in order to prosecute the case , the court said . Lothian and Borders Police said it received "  invaluable " expertise from the FBI in the United States and other British and Scottish agencies -- including the Serious Organized Crime Agency and the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Center . Microsoft helped police trace e-mail addresses and identities , Jones said . Police also had help from two U.S. academics , Professors Hany Farid of Dartmouth University and Miroslav Goljan of the State University of New York at Binghamton , who are experts in steganalysis , a forensic technique that links an image to the camera on which it has been taken , Jones said . Jones praised the forensic scientists who had to examine the imagery in the case . "  They do not have the option to look away and have to live with the memory of what they have seen , " he said . "  It is a testament to their expertise that they did this day in , day out . They did it for the good of children and provided us with a first-class service . "	Scottish court convicts eight men of child sexual abuse Police say it is the largest pedophile ring ever dismantled in Scotland Two of the men , Neil Strachan and James Rennie , face life in prison
CNN  -- The southern Chinese city of Suzhou has been eulogized by artists since the Tang Dynasty . The poet Bai Juyi wrote : "  In front of storied buildings everywhere waft the melodies of flutes , And by the door of every house are moored ships and boats . " Today , Suzhou 's classical gardens are UNESCO World Heritage Sites and its canal network , bisected by gorgeous stone bridges , has earned the nickname , "  The Venice of the East . " Yet when our small convoy of cyclists approached the city that so impressed Venetian traveler Marco Polo in the 12th century , there was little to wax lyrical about . The whole of the Yangtze River Delta was enshrouded in headline-making smog . I 'd run into veteran Chinese rock musician Zhao Laoda in Shenzhen just before I 'd set off on Ride For Hope , a three-week , 2,000-kilometer charity bike ride from Shenzhen to Shanghai organized by Shangri-la Hotels and Resorts . Zhao had retreated south for the winter to avoid "  the smog and cold " of Beijing . "  The country 's done , " he complained . "  Only in the mountains will you find unpolluted areas . " His words would prove prophetic . Foreboding odors Our journey began with much media fanfare in downtown Shenzhen in mid-November . Cycling smooth roads though some of China 's most prosperous neighborhoods furnished a false sense of security . As soon as we exited the old Special Economic Zone the experience rapidly descended into one of brute survival along the gravel coated , anarchic roads of the Pearl River Delta . Shenzhen 's Bao'an district , the city of Dongguan and much of the provincial capital of Guangzhou comprise the world 's largest manufacturing base . Only three decades ago this land was a patchwork of rice paddies and fruit plantations . Now it 's a sea of concrete , hurriedly and carelessly erected by entrepreneurs racing to squeeze quick cash from China 's newly opened economy . The economic reforms that began in the south have lifted many out of poverty , but the environment has borne a heavy toll for progress . By day two , we were cycling seemingly endless roads , lined by indistinguishable factories beneath anonymous and repetitive gray skies . Each waterway we crossed emanated a foreboding odor . Wildlife was distinctly absent . It might sound surprising , but most of the time cycling through the pollution did n't affect me as much as you might think . There was one episode , however , on the leg between Hangzhou and Suzhou , when the pollution was at its worst . Feeling nauseous , I ended up falling behind the team because I had to stop to retch at the side of the road . The air literally sickened me . Sixty percent of the world 's concrete On day three we finally left the manufacturing lands behind . Beyond the scenic city of Huizhou , our troop of seven cyclists pedaled along relatively empty roads through broad expanses of green , undulating farmland . But construction was never far away . Even in the hinterland , real estate companies are busy erecting malls and high-rise apartment buildings . According to various sources , as much as 60 % of the world 's cement is dumped annually in China , creating a dust cloud that NASA has photographed from space . Many in China stoically maintain environmental damage is a consequence of the transition from a feudal agrarian society to a modern , predominantly urban one . The words of industrializing Britain 's laureate , Charles Dickens , are often invoked . Did n't Europe experience the same thing ? And has n't it cleaned up its act since ? The difference , of course , is that China 's industrial revolution and urbanization program is of a scale unsurpassed in human history , a continental shift that 's creating huge conurbations , as cities , like those of the Pearl River Delta , converge . Alarmingly , some detractors even believe much of the construction may be pointless . "  It is said that there are 64 million empty apartments in China , " Hong Kong-based analyst Gillem Tulloch told Journeyman.tv . Indeed , on Ride For Hope we passed through more than a few Potemkin towns -- shiny , new and all but empty . All is not lost Zhao Laoda 's sentiments resonated with me when we engaged our first mountain range late on day three . Only in remote and hilly regions , where it would be unprofitable to build , is China 's environment unspoiled . Of course , for cyclists mountains pose a different challenge . While we got stunning views -- bamboo forests , sequestered villages , isolated Buddhist monasteries -- cycling uphill for hours on end was grueling . We completed day three well after nightfall , thighs burning as we rolled into the tiny market town of Gongping . This pattern of heinous urban cycling followed by a few days of scenic , if challenging , rural riding would define our journey north to Shanghai . Chaoshan in eastern Guangdong province and the western Taiwan Straights in Fujian province are emerging mega-cities . Yet between them , in the rural areas of southern and northern Fujian , the rugged lands given over to tea cultivation are majestic . Villagers wearing bamboo hats toil in fields before stunning mountain vistas -- a picture-postcard China far removed from the "  booming " economic centers . Our third province , Zhejiang , would also provide one day of fine rural riding . Several degrees north of our starting point in the subtropics we were now battling the cold . But an autumnal myriad of red and orange deciduous trees more than compensated for the chilly condition along road between Taizhou and Ningbo . "  Never seen air like this . " Beyond Ningbo , however , we navigated through smog all the way to the outskirts of Shanghai . "  The air quality index reached 305 by midnight , or severely polluted , the highest level , " Shanghai Daily reported . Throughout the region , flights had been canceled , schools closed . All the while the Ride For Hope team pressed on toward the finish line . Remarkably , the air cleared considerably just as we entered China 's showcase metropolis . After three weeks overcoming soaring mountains and sprawling cities , we rolled to the finish outside the Kerry Hotel in Pudong to be welcomed by an applauding crowd . We 'd raised 400,000 yuan  $ 66,000  for charity having cycled more than 2,000 kilometers . Our typically self-effacing team indulged in the adulation . The next day as we packed our bags , despite the glowing sense of achievement , the team traded despondent words with regards to China 's environmental plight . "  I 've never seen air like we saw in Zhejiang , " said Lu Yushui , a 21-year-old chef from Guangxi province . "  My friends are all buying fancy cars . I do n't want to be like them , " added Herman Wong , 52 , from Hong Kong . "  We 're destroying our world ! " But it was Lu Baokang , a cycling enthusiast from Guangxi , who best summed up the contrast between the grotesque and the gorgeous we 'd witnessed cycling China 's southeast . "  The big mountains and scenery have lifted my spirit more than I can say , but the pollution has been too serious . I wish there was some way to tell the world how liberating and non-polluting cycling is . "	The author pedaled more than 2,000 kilometers , much of it through epic smog Charity bike ride started in Shenzhen , finished in Shanghai Some area of ride were gorgeous and smog-free Most of the riders in author 's group found the air quality disturbing
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Monday he will return to Havana to undergo more cancer treatment . The 57-year-old president has been back and forth several times this year between Venezuela and Cuba , where he is being treated for an unspecified type of cancer . He returned home from his latest trip Thursday . "  We 're in the home stretch , " the president said about his radiation treatment . He spoke during a ceremony to sign a new labor law , during which he also called for Venezuela to withdraw from the Organization of American States ' Inter-American Commission on Human Rights . "  Enough already ! " he said of the Washington-based body , accusing the United States of using it as a way to harm Venezuela . Chavez asked a newly created council to take up the matter . Venezuelan official says Chavez is in full control The president pulled a cross from his breast pocket , kissed it and clasped it in his fist . "  I am confident Christ will repeat , or continue , the miracle , " he said , his voice cracking with emotion as he wrapped up his address . Chavez said he would return to Venezuela within "  a few days . " Since the beginning of the year , he has spent 50 days in Cuba . The Venezuelan government has released few specifics on the president 's illness , fueling widespread speculation about his health and political future . Chavez has led Venezuela since 1999 and has pledged to run for re-election in October .	NEW : Hugo Chavez says Venezuela should quit an OAS commission on human rights NEW : He asks that a newly created council take up the matter Chavez has not specified the type of cancer he has ; he has spent 50 days in Cuba this year "  We 're in the home stretch , " the president says about his radiation treatment
Washington  CNN  -- The morning that the federal government reopened after 16 days of political stalemate , President Barack Obama stood at the podium in the State Dining Room of The White House . He did n't smile . "  Those of us who have the privilege to serve this country have an obligation to do our job as best we can . We come from different parties , but we are Americans first , " he said . He then chastised Republican lawmakers , blaming them for the shutdown and drama over the debt ceiling that he called "  completely unnecessary " and said damaged "  our economy . " Fresh from what most are calling an undisputed political victory over the conservatives , the President did n't seem in a conciliatory mood . His body language said it all : Enough already . A long history , a strained relationship Obama has more than three years left in his presidency and the next battle is just months away because the deal approved by Congress that he signed only funds the government through early January and only extends U.S. borrowing authority until early February . From his bully pulpit on Thursday , Obama invoked his professorial tone and implored Congress that their working relationship "  has to change . " "  Because we 've all got a lot of work to do on behalf of the American people and that includes the hard work of regaining their trust , " Obama said . This episode was only the latest in a series of confrontations between the President and Congress . To say that his relationship with the legislative branch has been strained might be the political understatement of the decade . A deal for now , but this year 's been a legislative dud for Obama The biggest battle was over Obamacare , which passed the Democratic-controlled Congress in 2010 . But the past year alone has seen fierce wrangling over the administration 's response to the deadly terror attack in September 2012 on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya . And there was the major fiscal cliff impasse over budget cuts and tax increases last March and in the first excruciating battle over spending and the debt limit in the summer of 2011 . There has also been tension over Syria and Iran . ` Bottom of the barrel ' While he said "  there are no winners , " Obama used the moment to press his agenda . He urged Congress to determine the government 's spending and priorities for 2014 and beyond . He also urged lawmakers to pass an overdue farm bill that sets the country 's farming priorities and pays for food assistance . He wants the House to take up the immigration reform bill , which the Senate passed earlier this year , and has called for a return to "  regular order , " where Congress approves budgets , reconciles differences and gets things done . Playing nice : Budget talks may start with an extra-friendly tone "  The American people are completely fed up with Washington , " he said , reflecting polls that show support for Congress at historic lows . It 's an ambitious agenda , especially for a government fresh off a debilitating few weeks and tensions between the two branches are high and trust is low . One former Democratic member of Congress , Dan Glickman , who represented Kansas for 18 years and currently sits on the political reform commission at the Bipartisan Policy Center , said that the shutdown showdown brought about one bright spot . "  I think we may have reached the bottom of the barrel , " meaning things in Washington "  ca n't get any lower than this , " he said . In defeat , Boehner may live to fight another day But former House Speaker Newt Gingrich disagreed . He said the most conservative members who wanted to gut Obamacare in exchange for government funding got little out of the budget deal are even more incensed . "  They will be more embittered , more angry . They will find more ways to go after Obama because they ca n't find any way to get him to negotiate , " he said . Gingrich 's statement rings true if Rep. Raul Labrador , R-Idaho , accurately represents his like-minded colleagues . He told the Huffington Post that he thinks immigration reform is dead . "  For us to go to a negotiation , to the negotiating table with President Obama after what he has done over the last two and a half weeks , I think would be probably a very big mistake , " Labrador said . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi did n't mince words Thursday morning . She said the Republicans ' "  temper tantrum " cost the economy $ 24 billion . ` That 's democracy ' From his lectern , Obama tried to sound like the adult in the room . "  Democrats and Republicans are far apart on a lot of issues and I recognize there are folks on the other side who think that my policies are misguided , " he said . "  That 's putting it mildly . That 's okay . That 's democracy . That 's how it work . " While he offered out his hand for future negotiations , Obama did n't stay completely above the fray . In the same sentence he blamed one faction of the Republican Party for the latest dysfunction , insisting that their goal is to cause chaos . "  Let 's work together to make government work better instead of treating it like an enemy or purposely making it work worse , " Obama said . Why is Ted Cruz smiling ? Understanding that he needs the Republican Party to get anything done in Washington , he separated the party into two factions and implored the more rebellious to stay in line . "  You do n't like a particular policy or a particular president ? Then argue for your position . Go out there and win an election . Push to change it but do n't break it . Do n't break what our predecessors spent over two centuries building . That 's not being faithful to what this country is about , " he said . McConnell : Further shutdowns ` off the table ' Republican congressman : It was worth the fight While Obama tried to highlight the rifts in the Republican Party , perhaps hoping to exploit the divisions and then conquer , Republicans appeared united , at least for a few hours Wednesday night . Moments before the House was set to vote on a deal to reopen the government , House Speaker John Boehner received a standing ovation , even from his most vocal Republican critics . And one of those critics , Rep. Justin Amash , R-Michigan , said Boehner 's leadership through the latest battle has been "  fantastic . " Then Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , put a damper on that party . "  This was a terrible idea . I told you at the beginning how it was going to end . We know if they try it again how it 's going to end . So hopefully , they wo n't try to do this again , at least not in my lifetime , " McCain said .	President Obama emerged with an ambitious agenda moving forward He implored Congress that their working relationship "  has to change " One former member says the relationship ca n't get much lower
CNN  -- Outgoing "  Tonight Show " host Jay Leno congratulated his replacement Jimmy Fallon at the start of his opening monologue on Wednesday night , while taking another swipe at the NBC executives that are showing him the door . "  I just have one request of Jimmy . We 've all fought , kicked and scratched to get this network up to fifth place , okay ? Now we have to keep it there . " he deadpanned . "  Jimmy do n't let it slip into sixth . We 're counting on you . " Leno will wrap up his 22-year run as host in spring 2014 , with Jimmy Fallon officially signing on as his replacement . According to a statement from NBC , "  As part of the transition , ` The Tonight Show ' will be returning to its original home in 30 Rock in New York " from Leno 's base of Los Angeles . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo praised the move , saying in a statement "  on behalf of all New Yorkers " that he 's "  pleased to welcome ` The Tonight Show ' back to its first home . " When it began in 1954 , the "  original ` Tonight Show ' ushered in the modern era of television , " Cuomo continued . "  It is only fitting that as ` The Tonight Show ' returns to our state , it will be headlined by New York 's own native son and resident , Jimmy Fallon . " Opinion : How Twitter helped Fallon get Leno 's job The expectation that Leno would leave NBC 's legendary late-night program has been building recently , and Fallon 's appointment is n't surprising in the least . He 's had a swift rise to "  Tonight 's " chair , having hosted "  Late Night " for just four years , but Fallon 's transition was treated as such a near certainty that both hosts worked the headlines into their nightly routines . While Fallon initially downplayed the rumors , Leno went after his employer on a regular basis . He 's compared NBC executives to snakes , joked about the network 's sagging ratings and kidded that the rumored late-night shuffle was like NBC 's version of March Madness . Just two days before the big announcement , Fallon and Leno again made light of the reports with a parody of the song "  Tonight " from the musical "  West Side Story . " With Leno 's contract set to expire in fall 2014 , industry observers said the move was only a matter of time . Leno first exited "  Tonight " in 2009 after 17 years as host , passing the torch to Conan O'Brien , who was then the host of "  Late Night . " Leno was moved to prime time with his own program , "  The Jay Leno Show , " in the fall of 2009 . But when that brought dismal ratings , NBC decided to put Leno back in charge of "  Tonight " at the start of 2010 , leaving O'Brien without a job . The flame-haired comedian eventually moved to TBS to host his own show , "  Conan , " in the 11 p.m. hour , but the entire scenario generated ill will toward Leno and NBC .  TBS shares a parent company with CNN . Yet as the years went on , Leno has proved to be resilient . As NBC 's prime-time ratings suffered , Leno 's "  Tonight Show " was still able to rise above the rest in its time slot . At the end of March , "  The Tonight Show " hit a seven-week high in total viewers , with 3.52 million watching . However , NBC was said to be concerned about losing younger viewers to ABC 's Jimmy Kimmel , whose "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " was moved up to compete with Leno and David Letterman 's "  Late Show " at the beginning of 2013 . "  The more time Jimmy Kimmel is in that slot , the more the young audience goes that way , the harder it is for  Fallon  to keep that audience , " one source familiar with the network 's thought process told The Hollywood Reporter in March . At 62 years old , Leno represents a more traditional form of hosting , as he 's known for his "  Las Vegas-style comedy , " said the New York Times . Fallon , 38 , regularly incorporates the Web and social media into his act , offering "  a more contemporary and varied brand of entertainment , " the Times said . This changing of the guard is one of the most closely watched exercises in pop culture , especially as it takes place at one of TV 's mainstay productions . Even with its decline in ratings over the years , it remains a solid profit center for NBC , making between $ 25 million and $ 40 million for the network , according to The New York Times . Although it 's been on the air for almost 60 years , "  The Tonight Show " has had just a handful of regular hosts : Steve Allen , Jack Paar , Johnny Carson , Leno and O'Brien . "  The Tonight Show " is n't what it was during the long tenure of Carson , who hosted the show from 1962 until 1992 . In those three-network times , Carson dominated late-night TV like nobody before or since . He dominated the ratings and routinely sat down challengers like so many duck targets at a carnival shooting gallery . Joey Bishop , Dick Cavett , Joan Rivers , Pat Sajak -- they all tried to dethrone the king , and they all came up short . Carson sat behind "  Tonight 's " desk for 30 years before passing the torch to Leno , and "  Johnny " is still the model against whom all are measured . Interestingly enough , "  Late Night " producer Lorne Michaels , who 's now executive producer of "  The Tonight Show , " has called Fallon "  the closest thing " this generation has to Carson . It appears it 's now time for Fallon to show and prove .	Jay Leno announced Wednesday that he 's leaving ` Tonight ' Jimmy Fallon will replace him in spring 2014 Leno first left the show in 2009 but returned after his new show failed The new "  Tonight Show " will also return to New York
One of the men accused of the brutal daylight killing of British soldier Lee Rigby told police he took little joy in slaying . Michael Adebolajo 's interview with police was played to jurors at the Old Bailey criminal court in London on Wednesday , day four of the trial in which he and co-defendant Michael Adebowale have pleaded not guilty to the murder of Rigby in Woolwich on May 22 . In the interview , Adebolajo identified himself as Mujahideen Abu Hamza and began a long and uninterrupted statement by praising Allah and expressing his surprise and gratitude for the way he had been treated by police and medical staff , given what he described as "  the serious nature of events . " "  There still remain some great qualities in this nation , " the British-born Adebolajo told police before saying he was ashamed to be called British . "  That title -- British -- is associated with the pillaging and rape of innocent people . This disgusts me to the core . " He went on to say that he did not enjoy watching horror movies or seeing blood spilled . "  It brings me little joy to approach anybody and slay them . Can you believe me ? " The jury has seen graphic mobile phone and CCTV footage of Adebolajo brandishing a machete and knife with his hands covered in blood after the attack on Rigby . Adebolajo told police he would answer only questions he believed would help the British people . "  I am not here to satisfy your supervisor , " he said . "  I 'm only here to prevent such an incident as happened on Wednesday , the 22nd of May , from ever happening again . " He did answer one direct question from police in the interview , and it concerned what he did to Rigby . "  Lee Rigby was killed on the 22nd of May , " he said . "  He was struck in the neck with a sharp implement and it was sawn until his head , you know , became almost detached , and may Allah forgive me of I acted in a way that is displeasing to him . " Pathologist Simon Poole told the court Wednesday that drummer Rigby suffered "  numerous and very deep wounds " to the neck and that the cause of death was "  multiple incised wounds . " During Adebolajo 's two-hour interview with police , he also criticized British rulers whom he described as "  wicked and black-hearted humans " from privileged schools like Eton , who wore expensive suits and drove expensive cars . He singled out Prime Minister David Cameron ; brothers David and Ed Milliband , the political veterans ; and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg . He expressed particular disappointment with Cameron , who he said is trying to emulate a man he described as "  using the magic of the tongue to dodge questions . He goes by the name of Tony Blair . Nobody realizes the wickedness and corruption of this man . " Earlier in the day , the court heard the statement of forensic psychiatrist Tim McKinley , who interviewed Adebolajo three times while he was being treated in a hospital after being shot by police shortly after the attack on Rigby . The psychiatrist described the defendant as polite and said he showed no signs of mental disorder , remorse or regret . Adebolajo told him he posed no threat to civilians , police or medical staff but would be a continued threat to the British military .	Jurors hear Michael Adebolajo 's police interview on the fourth day of his murder trial He and Michael Adebowale have pleaded not guilty in the killing of soldier Lee Rigby in May In the interview , he praised Allah and his treatment by police , criticized British rulers Adebolajo polite , did n't show signs of mental disorder , regret or remorse , psychiatrist says
CNN  -- Artillery shells slammed into a hospital Sunday in the northern Sri Lankan district of Mullaittivu , where civilians -- including a growing number of children -- are being treated as government forces and Tamil rebels continue to clash . A Sri Lankan soldier walks through Mullaittivu , the former military headquarters of the Tamil rebels . More than 200 civilians and at least 30 children have been injured in the last three days of fighting , a relief worker told CNN Sunday . "  That is the absolute minimum  number of injured  , " the aid worker , who did not want to be identified for fear of jeopardizing the work of relief organizations , said . Government officials are accusing aid organizations and foreign media of sensationalizing civilian casualties . "  It looks as if it 's convenient for certain agencies to exaggerate the numbers so that this can be converted to a humanitarian crisis in the public eye , " Secretary of Foreign Affairs Dr. Palitha Kohona told CNN . On Sunday , Sri Lankan Defense Secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa promised to "  continue with the military offensive until we liberate the remaining area under LTTE  the rebel group  control , " according to Sri Lanka 's state-run news agency . Watch a report on civilians caught in fighting " A "  handful " of United Nations staff are working around the clock to save a growing number of children caught in the crossfire , a U.N. spokesman said Saturday . Children as young as 4 months old were being treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries and other "  wounds of war , " spokesman James Elder told CNN . "  There is just intense fighting in a small area where children and other civilians are , " Elder said . "  The space  where conflict is taking place  is shrinking and the fighting is augmenting . " Thursday , U.N. aid workers rescued 50 critically injured children and 105 adults , he said . "  We are trying to get as many people out of there as we can , " Elder said . Humanitarian groups say as many as 250,000 unprotected civilians are trapped in the area . Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians and urged the Tamil Tigers to promise the same . "  We have declared a safe zone for civilians , the coordinates of which were announced by the security forces , " Rajapaksa said on his government 's Web site . "  It is unfortunate that the  Tamil Tiger group  is exploiting this declared safe zone for civilians by placing their heavy artillery within the safe zone and using it as a launching pad to attack security forces and indiscriminately kill civilians . " The fighting has created a "  nightmarish " situation for civilians in the conflict zone , Elder said . An emerging shortage of humanitarian supplies and diminished access to clean water , sanitation , and food are compounding a crisis , he said . Sunday , Sri Lankan soldiers seized a key rebel stronghold in a surprise attack deep in Tamil held territory . Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters , according to the government-run news agency . The The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead .	Sri Lankan hospital hit by artillery shells Children young as 4 months treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries Aid workers rescue 50 critically injured children and 105 adults Sri Lankan President has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians
Mexico City  CNN  -- Products like Ruffles , Doritos and Cheetos may be among the latest targets of cartel violence in Mexico . Authorities said armed attackers over the weekend set ablaze warehouses and delivery trucks for Sabritas , a subsidiary of PepsiCo that distributes many of the company 's snack foods in Mexico . Five of the company 's distribution centers were attacked in the states of Guanajuato and Michoacan , officials said . Sabritas has not provided details about the damage , but Mexico 's state-run Notimex agency said the attacks caused "  serious material losses . " No one was injured or killed , authorities said . On Monday , authorities arrested four suspects who they said were members of the Knights Templar , a cartel that officials have accused of extorting business owners , decapitating and dismembering kidnapping victims and setting vehicles ablaze to block roads during shootouts with police . The suspects in this month 's attacks face charges of aggravated arson , but federal authorities are investigating them for connections with organized crime , Guanajuato state prosecutors said . To prevent further attacks , state authorities were guarding 10 of the company 's warehouses on Tuesday in Michoacan , a Knights Templar stronghold , Notimex reported . Sabritas said it was working with authorities to investigate the attacks . "  The company is taking all the necessary measure to re-establish the operation as soon as possible  in the affected distribution centers  . Sabritas reiterates that its priority will always be the safety of all its collaborators , " the company said Monday . Word of the attacks quickly spread in Mexico 's business community , with the leader of at least one industry group saying seeing such a large company fall victim to violence could discourage others from investing in the country . Already , amid widespread threats and extortion , many companies are devoting an increasing portion of their budgets to security , Sergio Cervantes Rodiles , president of the National Chamber of Transformation Industries , told Notimex . The head of another national business group condemned the attacks Tuesday and called on authorities to punish the perpetrators . "  The hurting or threatening of companies , which are the principal generators of wealth and jobs in Mexico , must not be allowed under any circumstances , " Confederation of National Chambers of Commerce President Jorge Davila Flores said in a statement . Analysts have argued that Mexico 's economy is thriving , despite widespread violence in a drug war that has claimed more than 47,500 lives since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . Gun and bomb attack on hotel in Mexican border town wounds 10 Speaking at a regional security conference in Cancun on Monday , Calderon said that organized crime was a threat to democracy and economic growth . "  Organized crime is also a threat to growth and development , and an obstacle for prosperity . It attacks companies and businesses , big and small storekeepers , and with that infringes on the urgent need to generate jobs and employment for our people , " he said . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Attackers set ablaze Sabritas warehouses and delivery trucks The company is a subsidiary of PepsiCo , distributing snack products in Mexico Authorities arrest four suspects they say are members of the Knights Templar Business leaders call for authorities to punish the perpetrators
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama takes his first stab Wednesday night at the role of fundraiser in chief . President Obama raised lots of money as he campaigned , but how will he do now that the election is over ? The president is the main attraction at two events in the nation 's capital for the Democratic National Committee , making for the first fundraising test for Obama since he took over the presidency two months ago . As a candidate for the White House , Obama , who was then a senator from Illinois , had little trouble raising money : He broke all fundraising records , raking in nearly $ 750 million during his two-year campaign for the presidency . The money raised at Wednesday night 's two events -- at the National Women in the Arts Museum and the Warner Theater , where singer Tony Bennett is scheduled to perform -- will come in handy as the Democratic National Committee struggles to keep pace with its Republican counterpart . Democrats won back the White House and increased their majorities in Congress in November 's elections , but when it comes to campaign cash , the national party is not having the same kind of success . The DNC raised about $ 3.3 million last month , while the Republican National Committee raked in more than $ 5 million . Thanks to a larger transfer of campaign cash left over from Obama 's presidential run , the DNC was able to report $ 5.4 million in total contributions last month , slightly edging out the RNC . But when it comes to cash on hand -- the amount of money the parties have in the bank -- the DNC 's $ 8.5 million trails the RNC 's $ 24 million . DNC Chairman Tim Kaine on Tuesday dismissed the committee 's disappointing February cash haul , saying that his fundraising efforts were handicapped by a Virginia law that prohibits officials from raising money during the state 's legislative session . "  Fundraising stories do n't interest me that much , " Kaine said , according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch . "  I was unable to raise any money in February , by law . " Kaine , who is DNC chairman while finishing out his term as Virginia 's governor , wrapped up work with the state 's General Assembly on February 28 . "  That is the reason that the numbers are n't going to be what they 're going to be in future months , " said Kaine , who became DNC chairman in late January . Kaine said that observers should "  stay tuned " now that he 's free to solicit donations . "  Historically , the Republican Party has almost always out-raised the Democratic Party , regardless of who sat in the Oval Office . It was n't until the 2004 cycle that the DNC was able to barely out-raise the RNC . So the fact that Democrats have n't brought in as much this year as the GOP is n't necessarily a huge surprise , " said Robert Yoon , the CNN Political Unit 's research director . The president 's appearances at the fundraisers come on the same day he spent some political capital , for the first time since taking over the White House , in an effort to get another Democrat elected . Obama e-mailed New York Democrats endorsing Scott Murphy , the venture capitalist who is running in the special election to fill the seat in New York 's 20th Congressional District that was vacated by Kirsten Gillibrand when she was appointed to the U.S. Senate in January . Murphy 's Republican opponent in next Tuesday 's election is is New York assemblyman Jim Tedisco . Though the Democratic and Republican campaign committees in the House of Representatives have pumped resources into the race , the president had so far kept his distance . In fact , the president has largely avoided overtly political events since his inauguration two months ago . Last week , that began to change : He sent a video to millions of his supporters through the e-mail distribution list of Organizing for America , the remnant of his presidential campaign that is now under the umbrella of the DNC . With Democrats hoping to defend two governorships this November , the party hopes that the president will be able to bring in the big bucks . "  Controlling the White House is still a big plus when it comes to fundraising . In the last midterms , President Bush raised at least $ 170 million on behalf of Republican candidates and party committees , even while his personal approval ratings were relatively low , " Yoon said . "  So there 's no doubt that President Obama can give the party a huge fundraising boost if he hits the campaign trail and stumps for other Democrats . "	Obama broke fundraising records during general election He is appearing at two fundraising events for the DNC on Wednesday night DNC trails RNC when it comes to cash on hand DNC Chairman Tim Kaine says "  stay tuned , " now that he can raise funds
Cairo  CNN  -- -- Turkey 's prime minister planted himself at the heart of the Arab world 's turbulent politics on Tuesday , when he declared himself a champion of the Palestinian cause during a speech at the headquarters of the League of Arab States . "  Our Palestinian brothers should declare an independent state , " Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced to an assembly of Arab foreign ministers in Cairo . "  Now is the time to have the Palestinian flag in Gaza , and the Palestinian flag should go to the United Nations , " Erdogan said to applause from the audience . "  Let us hoist the Palestinian flag to the sky , and this should be a symbol of justice and peace in the Middle East . " Erdogan put an end to decades of relative Turkish isolation from the Arab world . During a speech that sought to highlight shared history , values and faith , he frequently referred to Arabs as "  brothers . " He also addressed the sweeping political changes that are rapidly transforming many Arab countries by repeating his endorsement of the rebel Transitional National Council in Libya , which recently captured the capital of Tripoli . Erdogan said the rebel council "  reflects the will of the -LSB- Libyan -RSB- people . " It has been less than three weeks since the TNC 's representative to the Arab League replaced toppled dictator Moammar Gadhafi 's seat at the assembly . In a move that is sure to win support on the streets of many Arab cities and towns , the Turkish leader continued his diplomatic offensive against Israel . "  They -LSB- Israel -RSB- should pay the price for these attacks and crimes they committed , " Erdogan said , reminding the audience of the botched May 2010 Israeli commando raid against a Turkish-led humanitarian convoy sailing to break Israel 's blockade of Gaza . The Turkish government expelled Israel 's ambassador this month and suspended all bilateral military agreements after the Jewish state refused to apologize or pay compensation for eight Turks and an American who were shot dead by Israeli troops . Israel argues its forces fired in self defense after passengers aboard the ship Mavi Marmara attacked its boarding party with clubs and chains . Erdogan repeated his vow to take Israel before the International Court of Justice for the deaths . The assembled foreign ministers applauded when Erdogan said , "  Israel should compensate the rights of the families of the victims . Otherwise there will never be normalization -LSB- of relations -RSB- between Israel and Turkey . " A crowd of several thousand cheering Egyptians mobbed the VIP terminal of Cairo airport late Monday night to greet Erdogan when he arrived in Egypt.Many of the mostly male supporters carried banners identifying themselves as members of the Muslim Brotherhood , a movement that has long been banned in Egypt until the recent overthrow of authoritarian president Hosni Mubarak . "  We consider him as the Islamic leader in the Middle East , and we appreciate what he did for Gaza , " said a young man at the airport named Mohammed Fahed . He was clutching a poster with Erdogan 's face on it , and said he was a member of the Muslim Brotherhood . But outside the Arab League headquarters on Tuesday , a less welcoming crowd greeted the Turkish leader . Several dozen young men holding Syrian flags chanted "  Erdogan , Erdogan , coward , " as he walked toward his waiting car after giving his speech . "  Erdogan he did not mention Syria , " said Syrian film director Maan Alhasba . "  Over six months Syria is bleeding ... We were expecting a serious speech about the problem in Syria . He did not mention it at all . " The Turkish government has repeatedly criticized the brutal military crackdown on protesters in Syria , but Erdogan made no mention of Turkey 's neighbor to the east during his speech in the Arab League . Egypt is the first stop on what some are calling the Turkish prime minister 's "  Revolution Tour . " He is scheduled to travel next to Tunisia and Libya , two other North African countries that have seen their dictators overthrown during the Arab Spring .	Turkish prime minister addresses Arab foreign ministers in Cairo Speech put an end to Turkey 's isolation from the Arab world Recep Tayyip Erdogan continued his diplomatic offensive against Israel He is also scheduled to visit Tunisia and Libya during his "  Revolution Tour "
CNN  -- Day after day , men and women from Soweto , a township near Johannesburg , wake up at the crack of dawn to battle bumper-to-bumper traffic and cramped public transport to show up at work in time . For Mxolishi Colossa , who works at a Johannesburg home furniture store , it 's no different . Every morning , he quietly slips out of his house at 6 a.m. and heads to the nearest main street . There , standing by a dusty road , he waits patiently for a minibus taxi to pass by and carry him to the local train station . But it 's not just the waiting that tests Colossa 's early start to the day -- the high cost of the ride and the dangerous driving can be equally distressing . "  All of them , same style , " says Colossa , referring to the perilous way in which many of the taxi drivers navigate the area 's roads . As the dawn fades away , Colossa jumps off the taxi to catch a train to Johannesburg . Fourteen stops later he pulls into the city but he still has to get another taxi to take him to the other side of Johannesburg , to Melrose Arch , the plush shopping area where he works . He finally arrives at the store at 8.30 a.m. -- a full two-and-a-half hours after leaving his home . "  It 's not acceptable for people to have to take multiple legs of a journey to get to work , " says Rehana Moosajee of the Mayoral Committee for Transport in Johannesburg . See more : Concerns over ` insanity ' of Shell South Africa fracking plans Despite some of the best roads on the continent and a number of high-profile infrastructure projects , including a high-speed train and a bus service built for the 2010 football World Cup , commuting in Johannesburg is often an arduous task for millions of people . The slick new services often do n't connect with each other and older public transport systems , leaving poor and working-class people struggling to get to work . Last year , in IBM 's Commuter Pain Survey , Johannesburg was ranked fifth worst in terms of the amount of pain commuters suffer getting to and from work . Moosajee admits that the current transit situation does n't cater well to the economic needs of Johannesburg , adding that the city is working to better integrate its transport system . "  We are now trying to transform our cityscape to bring communities together , and the impact of the number of transfers that people have to do means that people are spending less quality time with their family , that they 're spending more and more time in transit , affecting productivity , affecting the economy , " she says . For Colossa , the grind of commuting means he has to dedicate five hours a day to travel to and from work . The fragmented journey also means that he has to spend a third of his salary on public transport , with the remainder spent on food , bills and rent . Colossa 's story is echoed not only around Johannesburg but in many other economic hubs across Africa . In Nairobi , home to three million people , citizens face the fourth most painful commute , according to IBM 's survey . Two out of three people in Kenya 's capital say that congestion has a negative impact on their work , family and health , IBM reports . Read more : Can Kenya avoid Africa 's resource curse ? But besides nerves and frustration , traffic jams in Nairobi cost the economy over 50 million Kenyan shillings  $ 600,000  per day in lost productivity , fuel consumption and pollution , according to official figures . Andre Dzikus , of U.N. Habitat , says the organization is helping Kenya to tackle some of the challenges brought about by population growth , urbanization and a rapid increase in motor-vehicle ownership . Its "  Promoting Sustainable Transport Solutions for East African Cities " project aims to reduce growth in private motor vehicles , thus reducing traffic congestion and greenhouse-gas emissions . In Lagos , one of the world 's megacities , getting to work often requires strong nerves . Snail-paced traffic and high costs test commuters ' endurance as millions of people cram the streets of Nigeria 's economic nerve center on a daily basis . Commuters often depend on a ragtag array of service providers , such as minibus operators , who can charge whatever prices they want . "  They might charge $ 1 in the morning for one trip one way and by afternoon they can go to $ 3 , " says Dayo Mobereola , managing director of the Lagos Metropolitan Area Transport Authority , noting that commuters spend on average 40 % of their income on transportation . Mobereola says that in recent years the city has taken a series of steps to improve its public transportation offering , including the launch of a regulated bus rapid-transit system in 2008 . Read more : Underwater cables bring faster internet to West Africa More recently , it has begun work to develop a reliable and affordable urban rail system . Two railway lines are already under development as the ambitious project , which will eventually consist of seven lines , aims to relieve Lagos of chronic gridlock and unregulated services . "  The people of Lagos are yearning for regulated means of transportation , " says Mobereola . Back in Johannesburg , Colossa is about to begin his journey back to Soweto . Two and a half hours later he 'll be home -- before doing it all again in the morning . Do you live in one of Africa 's economic hubs ? Use the comments section below to tell us how you commute to work in your city .	Commuting in Africa 's economic hubs is often an arduous task From Johannesburg to Lagos and Nairobi , getting to work is slow and often expensive Long queues and cramped commutes are some of the problems
CNN  -- When President Barack Obama proclaimed the fight against income inequality is "  the defining challenge of our time , " you might have dismissed his words as the effort of a struggling president to revive his political fortunes . But anyone looking at the relentlessly expanding income gap can see that the problem is real -- and it is serious . The economy is gradually recovering from the Great Recession , but inequality continues to grow . In the first two years of recovery , the net worth of the bottom 93 % continued to shrink , while the top 7 % grew wealthier . The richest Americans are taking the biggest share of national income of any time since 1928 . Rather than dismissing Obama 's call as a political ploy , Republicans in the United States and other conservatives across the developed world , should take up the cause and make it their own . Rising inequality is the proven enemy of stability . And nobody benefits more from stability than the wealthy . This is their fight , too . If trends continue , the well-tended sources of wealth of the rich could get trampled by the march of popular frustration . The signs are already here , in the United States and Europe . A sense that unfairness permeates the system is what fosters extreme views , erodes the middle ground , and makes it increasingly difficult for government to function . From Occupy Wall Street to the Tea Party , populist politics is creating gridlock and producing a government that can not address the country 's problems . In Europe , the perception of unfairness has fostered extremist parties , such as the neo-fascist Golden Dawn party in Greece , with alarming echoes of the 1930s . Traditionally , inequality is the kind of issue that receives attention from leftist politicians and is shoved aside by those on the right , who expect free markets to work their magic , improving the lives of those who work hard and , by the judgment of some moral gauge , deserve to be rewarded . But it turns out that the invisible hand of the market , as economist Adam Smith famously described it , may have developed arthritis in recent years . Obama is right when he says this is undermining the very definition of what America means . The U.S. was the land of opportunity ; the place where you could succeed regardless of where you were born . In the old days , America was the place where you could be born poor and rise on your own merits . Today , incredibly , researchers say upward economic mobility is easier in Canada and Europe than in the United States . This contract , the "  American Dream , " has meant that the U.S. was not , and still is n't , a land that is fertile for those seeking to sow class warfare . America was never a place where people hated the rich as much as they wanted -- and often succeeded -- in becoming the rich . But the stratospheric rise of incomes at the top is not just an American problem . And the search for solutions is a global pursuit . This is a time to debate and innovate ; a time to find the causes of this stagnation of the majority and look for solutions . Unexpectedly , sedate Switzerland has started experimenting with some startling ideas . When Swiss voters heard that the Chairman of Novartis , a large pharmaceutical corporation , was going to receive some $ 78 million in severance , they mounted a campaign to ban "  golden handshakes . " They resoundingly approved strict limits on compensation in a referendum last March . It 's worth noting that CEOs in Switzerland make an average of 148 times what the average workers make . In the U.S. , they make 354 times more , according to the AFL-CIO . The most intriguing of all the ideas will come to the voters next year . Under a proposal spelled out in a referendum , every Swiss citizen regardless of income would receive a monthly check of $ 2,800 from the government . The notion of a guaranteed income is receiving enormous attention around the world . The idea defies traditional notions of government assistance and means-testing . Instead of a giant bureaucracy and complex programs breaking down assistance for food or housing , the government would make sure nobody lives in poverty , and presumably dismantle a host of welfare structures . In theory , minimum-income programs would reduce the incentive to work . But when a small town in Canada conducted a four-year experiment in minimum income , researchers say poverty disappeared , graduation rates went up , and hospitalization rates went down . This is just one proposal , and one that focuses more on poverty alleviation than on inequality . And inequality itself , not just poverty , is a key issue . An unequal society distorts democratic principles . Financial muscle amounts to political muscle . We have seen it in the United States , where campaign donations are reshaping the political landscape . You might think this is a great argument for the rich to keep the system exactly the way it is . Ironically , however , wealthy businesses use their money for political power , but populist politicians are able to tap into discontent and gum up the works . The business community hated the government shutdown , but the angry base , particularly on the Republican side , supported politicians who kept the government closed . The wealthy are more powerful than ever , but they risk losing control of the system if they allow it to continue along its present path . Self-interest may not be the most admirable reason to fight for justice and a better life for all , but it may just prove persuasive , even if it means heading the call of an embattled president . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis Do n't dismiss Obama 's speech on inequality as a ploy ; it 's serious Ghitis : The richest have the biggest share of national income of any time since 1928 Conservatives should make ending inequality their cause , she says Ghitis : An unequal society distorts democracy , causes instability , promotes extremism
CNN  -- Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel has started the 2011 Formula One season as he finished the last , claiming pole position in qualifying ahead of Sunday 's season-opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne . The Red Bull driver 's lap of one minute and 23.529 seconds was enough to keep him 0.778 seconds ahead of McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton , who will join him on the front row . Vettel 's Australian teammate Mark Webber finished third fastest in front of his home crowd , with Hamilton 's fellow McLaren driver Jenson Button in fourth position at Albert Park . Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso will start from fifth on the grid for Ferrari and Vitaly Petrov of Renault will also be on the third row after a lap of one minute 25.247 earned him sixth position . Will tires decide new Formula One season ? Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher 's qualifying woes from the 2010 campaign continued after he was eliminated at the end of the second round , which means the Mercedes driver will start from 11th position . Schumacher 's fellow German and teammate Nico Rosberg qualified in seventh ahead of Ferrari 's Felipe Massa in eighth , Kamui Kobayashi of Sauber in ninth and Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Buemi in 10th . Vettel recorded the fastest lap without using the newly re-introduced KERS technology , which stores energy created when breaking and converts it into an extra boost of speed . "  We did n't use it today and the reason for that will stay a secret ! " the 23-year-old told Formula One 's official website . "  It was a very good day today and so far a very good weekend , and hopefully this will lead to our best Melbourne result ever . Formula One 2011 lowdown "  The gap  between Hamilton 's time and Vettel 's time  is almost irrelevant . It could be one thousandth or one second . You only have those eight meters between you and the guy in second position , nothing more , nothing less . And in a long race eight meters may mean very little . " It was a disastrous session for Spain-based team Hispania Racing , who saw both of their drivers fall foul of a rule which states any driver whose best lap is not within of 107 % of the fastest lap time in the first qualifying phase will not be allowed to take place in the race . As a result , India 's Narain Karthikeyan and Vitantonio Liuzzi of Italy will not line-up on the grid for Sunday 's race .	Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel on pole ahead of season-opening Australian GP The Red Bull driver is ahead of Lewis Hamilton in second , and Mark Webber in third Jenson Button in fourth position , with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso in sixth
Washington  CNN  -- The arrest of a key Afghan Taliban leader represents a setback for the militant group but wo n't directly affect the fighting in Afghanistan , a senior U.S. military official said . Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , the military leader of the Afghan Taliban , was captured recently in Karachi , Pakistan , a development called a major success for the United States and a blow to the Taliban . Baradar and Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar are said to have orchestrated the Taliban 's military activities from Quetta , Pakistan . The U.S. official said Tuesday that Baradar and the rest of the Afghan Taliban leadership in Quetta have provided "  overall strategic direction " to their fighters but not "  tactical control " over their actions , so there will be little effect on Operation Moshtarak , a major offensive against the Taliban in the Marjah area of Helmand province . "  The Taliban in the Marjah area will fight according to local commanders direction/guidance , " the source said . Afghanistan Crossroads blog : What capture means for Taliban Two service members died in the last 24 hours in incidents related to the offensive against the Taliban , the NATO-led military force said Wednesday . Small-arms fire killed the two , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . The fight and other matters in the dangerous Afghan-Pakistani region will be front and center in Washington when President Obama huddles with his national security team Wednesday to discuss the conflicts in Pakistan and Afghanistan . Obama was to meet with Vice President Joe Biden ; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ; Defense Secretary Robert Gates ; Richard Holbrooke , special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan ; Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ; Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair ; and CIA Director Leon Panetta . The arrest , a joint U.S.-Pakistani operation , appears to signal a greater willingness by Pakistan to cooperate with the United States . "  I think the administration deserves kudos , " said former CIA officer Gary Berntsen , speaking Wednesday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Reuel Marc Gerecht , another former CIA officer , called the arrest "  a real blow " for the Taliban , saying it will cause the militants "  pain in the short term . " Baradar has been a close associate of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden 's and has been viewed as the Afghan Taliban 's No. 2 figure behind Omar . Authorities have said they hope the seizure could produce information that could help fight the Taliban and possibly lead to key militant figures , such as Omar and bin Laden .	Obama administration "  deserves kudos , " ex-CIA officer says Military official says arrest not likely to affect offensive under way in Afghanistan Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , Afghan Taliban 's military leader , captured recently in Pakistan Arrest may suggest new cooperation between U.S. and Pakistan , experts say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Veterans Administration 's handling of disability claims has seen improvements and setbacks , a congressional watchdog said Wednesday . Sen. Daniel Akaka says , "  Our goal is to provide veterans with accurate and timely resolution to their cases . " "  Over the past several years , VA disability claims workloads at both the initial and appellate levels have improved in some areas and worsened in others , " the Government Accountability Office said in a report . The Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee asked the GAO to present its preliminary findings on the processing of disability claims , which were under discussion at a committee hearing . "  Our goal is to provide veterans with accurate and timely resolution to their cases , " said Sen. Daniel Akaka , D-Hawaii , the committee 's chairman . Ranking member Sen. Richard Burr , R-North Carolina , said , "  For the men and women who have served and sacrificed for our nation , they deserve a system that meets their needs without hassles or delays . " Along with a GAO representative , the hearing invited testimony from the Pentagon and the Department of Veterans Affairs , a professor and an official from the Disabled American Veterans . The GAO report said the number of initial claims the VA annually completes has increased from the 1999 to 2008 fiscal years . But it says the number of pending claims at year 's end has grown during the same time period . The review cites "  increases in disability claims received , growing complexity of claims , court decisions and changes in regulation . " There have been mixed results for claims workloads at the appellate level . The number of resolved claims has increased from 2003 to 2008 , but it took an average 96 days longer to resolve appeals during that same time period . "  One factor that affects workloads at the appellate level is the submission of new evidence or claims that must be evaluated , " the report said . The report said the VA has worked to improve the handling of claims but said the results of those efforts "  is not yet known . " It mentions an increase in staff from 2005 to 2009 , "  which has helped to increase the total number of decisions VA issues annually . " At the same time , training and staff integration challenges could cause a "  short-term " decline in productivity "  In addition , VA has established 15 resource centers to which it redistributes claims and appeals for processing from backlogged regional offices . Although VA has not collected data to evaluate the effect of its workload redistribution efforts , these efforts may ultimately increase the timeliness and consistency of VA 's decisions , " the report said . The VA is starting a pilot program with the Pentagon "  to perform joint disability evaluations that has the potential to streamline the disability process for prospective veterans . " The VA also is reviewing other potential programs -- "  targeting certain claims for fast-track processing and leveraging technology . "	VA 's handling of disability claims has seen improvements , setbacks , review finds Government Accountability Office presents findings at Senate panel hearing Number of pending claims at year 's end has grown , GAO report says Report : Larger staff has led to increase in number of decisions VA issues annually
In focus -- Technology transfer It 's been a month since an explosion in the Gulf of Mexico led to one of the worst oil spills in U.S. history . This week the UAE announced that it is ready to offer advice and expertise to help plug the leak . MME takes an inside look at the advanced technology in place in Abu Dhabi to prevent and respond to spills in a region overflowing with oil . Facetime -- Sheikh Sultan Bin Tahnoon Al Nahyan , Chairman , Abu Dhabi Tourism Authority Over 90 percent of the UAE 's crude reserves are based in Abu Dhabi and the revenues have built up the Emirate 's cash reserves . Now , Abu Dhabi is keen to diversify away from oil with a push towards tourism . The sector was up 19 percent in the first quarter of this year alone . MME talks to the Chairman of the Abu Dhabi Tourism Authority , Sheikh Sultan Bin Tahnoon Al Nahyan and asks him where this growth is coming from . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1745 Saturday : 0445 Sunday : 0615,1745	The UAE has offered advice and expertise to plug the leak in the Gulf of Mexico MME take a look at the advanced technology in place in Abu Dhabi to prevent oil spills Plus MME talks to the Chairman of the Abu Dhabi Tourism Authority
CNN  -- A volunteer at a golf tournament in 2012 accused embattled Miami Dolphins player Richie Incognito of inappropriately touching her with a golf club , according to a newly disclosed police report . No charges were filed , according to CNN affiliate WPLG-TV , which first obtained the police report . The station reported that the woman declined to comment , saying she had signed a confidentiality agreement . The Dolphins also declined to comment , the station said . Attempts by CNN to reach Incognito 's attorney and the NFL team late Thursday night were unsuccessful . The team suspended Incognito on Sunday for unspecified allegations of improper conduct . ESPN , NFL.com and other media outlets have reported that representatives for teammate Jonathan Martin submitted voice mails and text messages in which Incognito used racial slurs and threatened physical violence . Martin left the team left week and is now considered "  on leave . " Incognito declined to comment on those reports but predicted Tuesday he would "  weather the storm . " Also Tuesday , gossip website TMZ posted a video of Incognito in a bar shouting profanities and using a racial slur to refer to a teammate who was with him . TMZ said the video was recorded this year . The latest report from police in Aventura , Florida , concerns a golf tournament sponsored by the Dolphins ' charitable foundation on May 18 , 2012 . The police report quoted the 34-year-old woman , who was a volunteer at the tournament , as saying Incognito had been drinking before he approached her . The woman said Incognito used his golf club to touch her crotch , stomach and chest and then knock sunglasses off her head , the police report said . The woman said Incognito then leaned against her buttocks as if dancing and finally emptied a water bottle in her face , the police report said . The woman said Dolphins officials were notified , but she believed they took no action , the police report said . The police report said she wanted an apology from Incognito . The police report classified her allegations as simple battery . The report showed police listed the case as "  cleared " the same night it was filed , although the woman was told how to proceed if she wanted prosecutors to file a criminal charge .	Police report : Woman said Incognito touched her with golf club , leaned against her Report : She went to police because she believed Dolphins officials took no action No charges filed ; woman says she ca n't comment because of confidentiality agreement Miami Dolphins suspended Incognito amid reports teammate accused him of slurs , threats
CNN  Beneath the snow-capped peaks of St Moritz a group of hardy souls are ditching their skis , and jumping on a horse . Below the pistes , it 's time for snow polo . Winter in the Swiss resort sees a group of dedicated players transform a frozen lake into a battlefield of hooves and mallets . "  We could n't wait until summer came again , so we had to be creative , " explains Reto Gaudenzi , who organizes the tournament . And if sending a bunch of horses onto a frozen lake sounds like a recipe for disaster , Gaundezi points out : "  Horses on snow are not new . " St Moritz has been doing this for a while . Its annual snow polo event began in 1985 and , since 1907 , a series of horse races dubbed the "  White Turf " have been staged each February , involving not just hockeys but "  skijorers " who ride behind their horse , on skis . "  The question is how to play sport on the lake , with the abrupt motion that polo has , " continues Gaudenzi . "  The technical possibilities have changed dramatically . Thirty years ago we had a little Bombardier machine to try to make a field . Now we have sophisticated machinery to make the surface . Better surface , better polo -- that is the secret of polo . "  We create the field by mixing the ice with layers of prepared snow , so it does n't get slippery . Then , we invented a shoe for the horse so the snow does n't pile up in the hoof . " That is achieved thanks to a rubber pad between the shoe and the hoof , which dislodges snow . Modern snow polo horseshoes also use a lip at the toe , coupled with cleats at the heel , to give horses the traction to compete safely . In another safety move , the game 's periods -- or chukkas -- are shorter . Playing polo in the rarefied St Moritz air is more tiring for horses  and humans  than life at sea level . "  Snow polo is very different , " says Rommy Gianni , captain one of the teams at this year 's event , in late January and early February . "  The game is a bit slower -- there is less control of the ball since you 're playing on snow , it 's very difficult to have control -- but it 's faster mentally . "  The game can change from one second to another in a faster way compared to playing on grass . It 's slower , but somehow more difficult to play . " The high-visibility orange ball helps to slow the game , and also makes it trickier , being softer and larger than a standard polo ball . "  Some of the best players in the world get along with it -- some do n't , " says Gaudenzi . "  You have to have a different swing . If you hit it at full strength , it has a worse effect . Like soccer , you have to have the feeling for the ball , it 's more sophisticated . "  It 's funny to see some very good players who do n't get along with it . In 30 years , we 've found out who is good and who is not so good ... and we invite the good guys . " That is a matter of opinion . Somewhat bizarrely , for a sport quite this exclusive , rival snow polo events face off each February -- both calling themselves the World Cup . St Moritz bills itself a World Cup and proudly maintains it is the original , and best . But , over in Tianjin , China , organizers are preparing to host a Snow Polo World Cup of their own . The Chinese one is backed by the Federation of International Polo  FIP  , the sport 's world governing body . "  We feel it is really the ultimate world championship , " says Dr Richard T Caleel , who stood down as FIP president in late 2014 . "  All of the teams -LSB- in Tianjin -RSB- are national teams , they do actually represent their countries , the players all have to be citizens of that country . That 's a twist to most of the other tournaments , where teams are frequently mixed . " Dr Caleel is correct that in St Moritz , teams are usually a mix of nationalities backed by a major sponsor . For instance , Gianni 's team will feature the Italian alongside a German and two Argentinian pros . Gianni , making his St Moritz debut after 10 years playing snow polo , is convinced he is heading to the toughest tournament in the world . "  The most competitive event on snow , from what I 've heard and seen , is St Moritz , " he insists . And organizer Gaudenzi , naturally , wo n't hear of any competition for snow polo 's crown . "  It 's a jungle out there , " he admits , with a laugh . "  Everybody does more or less what they want . But they call St Moritz the Wimbledon of snow polo in the newspapers here . It 's the best tournament in the world . "  Optically , it 's unbelievable . You 're at 1,800 meters  5,905 feet  on a frozen lake , playing polo in the snow with a blue sky . It 's a very unique thing . "  And the food is fantastic . We have world-class chefs , the champagne is flowing , the vodka -- no caviar , the lake is frozen so we ca n't get the fish out , " he jokes . "  If you bring caviar , you 'll make some friends . " You 'll be paying upwards of $ 500 to get at the chefs and champagne , who are there to serve the many VIPs who descend on St Moritz each year . But , as Gaudenzi points out , admission to the lakeside grandstand is free . "  You go there , you buy your sausage , you drink your beer , you watch snow polo , " he instructs . "  You have the snow , the cold , the blue sky , the mountains -- the horses , you see the steam -- it 's high-class polo . It 's the best tournament in the world . "	Snow and ice are no obstacle as St Moritz hosts major equestrian events each winter From ` skijoring ' to snow polo , competitors have mastered the art of horse sport on ice St Moritz now faces competition from a rival snow polo event in China
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- The complex operation to refloat the wrecked Costa Concordia cruise ship continued Tuesday -- but the family of the final missing victim still must wait several days for the vessel to be searched for his remains . The last time anyone saw Russel Rebello alive , he was near the stern of the Costa Concordia , helping passengers into rescue boats . But the 33-year-old waiter from India never escaped the doomed cruise ship . And he 's the only victim of the 2012 accident whose remains have n't been found . Officials told reporters Tuesday that the vessel would only be searched for Rebello 's remains once it reaches its final destination , the Italian port of Genoa . The seabed is being searched and those searches will intensify when the ship is gone , they said . Salvage crews began the arduous task of refloating the ship on Monday morning so they can move it from its resting place off Giglio Island to Genoa to be dismantled . On Tuesday , they began the process of lowering steel hollow boxes , or sponsons , which will be pumped full of compressed air to help lift the vessel further . Divers also began attaching more chains and cables to reinforce the bottom of the boat . Once that 's done , they 'll raise the ship deck by deck , clearing any debris along the way . After the ship is completely floated , a convoy of 10 boats will then begin a potentially treacherous journey . The vessel will be towed -- slowly and carefully -- 240 kilometers  150 miles  to Genoa , where it will be broken up . It 's been more than 2Â 1/2 years since the ship ran aground off Italy 's Giglio Island with more than 4,200 passengers aboard , killing 32 people in a disaster that drew global attention . Clean-up job Reporters were told at a briefing Tuesday that the salvage process was all under control . Initial surveillance by remotely operated underwater vehicles showed no visible cracks or fissures on the bottom of the ship . This had been a concern because if repairs were needed , the operation would have been delayed . Additional structural checks are now under way , with the salvage crews ' efforts expected largely to focus over the next two days on the parts of the rotting hulk that remain under water . The project 's chief engineer , Franco Porcellacchia of Costa Crociere , the firm that owns the Concordia , said Tuesday it was most likely that the ship would start its final journey on Monday . Officials have said it will take five to six days for the vessel to reach Genoa once it gets going . Porcellacchia also said the crews "  have a commitment to clean the  sea  bottom to the best that we can . " This will include the removal of sediment around the hulk and the underwater salvage platforms and cement bags used to support it when it was rotated to an upright position last year . The crew will start to clean up once the ship is gone but are accepting tenders for removal companies to speed up the process . That bid will be awarded in August , with the removal process expected to take a year or more . Giglio Mayor Sergio Ortelli said he was satisfied with the results so far of tests on water quality around the ship . The decision to undertake the expensive and difficult process of refloating the Costa Concordia , rather than trying to dismantle it on site , was taken because of environmental concerns . Italy 's Environment Minister Gian Luca Galletti said Monday it was too risky to leave the vessel there for another year . Captain on trial Since the wreck two years ago , 24 metric tons of debris -- including furniture , dishes , food , personal effects and ship parts -- have been recovered from the seabed . While salvage crews continue efforts to deal with the wreckage , Francesco Schettino , the ship 's captain , is on trial on charges of manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board . He denies wrongdoing . Search teams thought they had found Rebello 's remains in October . But the body divers found turned out to be that of Maria Grazia Trecarichi , a Sicilian who was on the cruise to celebrate her 50th birthday with her 17-year-old daughter , who survived . In a Facebook post , brother Kevin Rebello said he was watching the latest salvage operation live online , since he could n't make it to Giglio . "  I strongly believe that they will find the body of my dear brother , " he said . Nine things to know about the plan to salvage the Costa Concordia Journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau reported from Giglio and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Costa Concordia salvage operation is all under control , officials say The ship will only be searched for the remains of the last victim when it reaches Genoa It is not expected to start its final journey , under tow , until next week Underwater cameras reveal no cracks or fissures after the vessel was refloated Monday
Miami  CNN  -- Thanksgiving is a deeply meaningful annual ritual for Americans . It is singled out as the day to recall a gathering nearly 400 years ago when two clashing cultures -- the Pilgrims and Native Americans -- came together in feast and prayer . That 's the history every American kindergartener making a construction-paper turkey is taught ; that 's the history of cultural cooperation , acceptance and gratitude we celebrate each November . Today , two distinct cultures , Anglo-Protestant and Hispanic , are on the brink of profound and irrevocable change in America , with immigration a perennially and increasingly thorny political issue . There is President Barack Obama 's promise of comprehensive immigration reform in the first year of his administration , "  a priority I will pursue from my very first day , " which has not come to pass . Instead , he has deported 1.2 million Latinos , including 46,000 parents of American citizens . His draconian actions have left tens of thousands of frightened children , whose moms and dads suddenly vanished , living in foster care or as wards of the state . Then there 's the inflammatory rhetoric from GOP presidential candidates , topped by Herman Cain 's suggestion to build an electrified fence on the border and deploy troops to attack those who try to enter the country illegally . What we are witnessing is a clash of cultures in America that is as excessive as it is pointless . The late Samuel P. Huntington , a renowned Harvard political scientist , illustrated it in a 2004 essay for Foreign Policy magazine titled the "  The Hispanic Challenge , " in which he wrote : "  Profound cultural differences clearly separate Mexicans and Americans , and the high level of immigration from Mexico sustains and reinforces the prevalence of Mexican values among Mexican-Americans . Continuation of this large immigration  without improved assimilation  could divide the United States into a country of two languages and two cultures . " Huntington concluded his essay by discounting Latino author Lionel Sosa , author of "  The Americano Dream , " who wrote that the Americano dream "  exists , it is realistic , and it is there for all of us to share . " Huntington declares , "  There is no Americano dream . There is only the American dream created by an Anglo-Protestant society . Mexican Americans will share in that dream and in that society only if they dream in English . " Who are the Americanos ? We are the 50 million U.S. citizens of all skin colors , nationalities and religions who descend from a rich Spanish culture -- a culture that Anglophile academics like Huntington have erased from our history books . I observed this firsthand while serving on Florida 's State Board of Education , overseeing the approval of statewide textbooks . American history books typically ignore the epic northward advance by Spanish pioneers into the southern tier of the United States and fail to discuss the far-reaching contributions of Americanos from our country 's inception to its present day . For example : -- Forty-two years before the English colony at Jamestown , explorer Pedro Menendez founded St. Augustine as our first North American city in 1565 , granting Florida the longest recorded history of any state . The Spanish flag flew over St. Augustine for nearly 200 years . -- When the Continental Army was nearly bankrupt , they sent a representative to seek funds in Cuba , and the money they needed was collected from the public treasury and from private Americano citizens to finance the Battle of Yorktown , the decisive battle of the Revolutionary War . -- The patriotism of Americanos can not be questioned . Americano soldiers have served in the U.S. Armed Forces dating back from the American Revolution to the war in Afghanistan with 44 Medal of Honor recipients . About half a million Americanos fought the Axis powers during World War II . Lance Cpl. Jose Gutierrez was the first person to die in the Iraq War , and more than 25 % of the 58,195 names on the Vietnam War Memorial are Americanos . -- Spanish , not English , was the first European language spoken in North America . There are more than 1,000 U.S. cities with Spanish names , as well as the states of California , Arizona , Utah , New Mexico , Colorado , Nevada , Montana and Florida . The U.S. is the second-largest Spanish-speaking country in the world . Most Americanos are bilingual , which is a plus since our exports to Latin America are nearly three times larger than our exports to China . Americano language skills and cultural affinity give our country a competitive advantage in doing business with a rapidly growing $ 6.4 trillion market of 579 million people in 21 countries plus Puerto Rico . Oh , and about that first Thanksgiving ? Here are a couple of other things our children 's history books fail to mention : -- In St. Augustine on September 8 , 1565 , the Spanish and the native Timucua celebrated what could arguably be called the first feast of Thanksgiving . That was 56 years before Plymouth . -- Near El Paso on April 20 , 1598 , some 500 colonists led by Juan de OÃ ± ate celebrated the end of a grueling expedition across Mexico 's Chihuahua Desert . That was 23 years before Plymouth . Their Thanksgiving celebration with Native Americans is recognized in resolutions by the Texas legislature . Perhaps if the four million children in U.S. kindergartens this year -- 25 % of whom are Americanos -- were taught the truth , not only about the rich history of Americanos in helping make this country so great , but also about Thanksgiving , this most American of holidays , then maybe we would have a healthier attitude on immigration reform and Americanos in general . The truth . Surely that 's something for which we can all be thankful . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Garcia .	Charles Garcia : Immigration issue has created pointless Anglo-Hispanic culture clash He says Americanos are 50 million American citizens descended from Spanish culture He says they have valid claim to American Dream and may have had first Thanksgiving Garcia : In 1565 , Spanish settlers in Florida and the native Timucua sat down to a feast together
The U.S. Supreme Court refused Friday to stop the pending release of thousands of California inmates to solve chronic , severe overcrowding in the state prisons . The unsigned order is the latest chapter in a long-running federal lawsuit by prisoners and their advocates against what they called dangerous and unacceptable conditions in 30 state correctional institutions . A judge 's order in May required the state to further reduce the prison population by 9,600 inmates by year 's end . The state has repeatedly cited public safety in resisting the mandated releases . The state in recent days asked the Supreme Court for an injunction to delay implementation of the order . The high court in 2011 upheld an earlier order setting limits on the prison population and a timetable for the state to follow to meet that ceiling . Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas , and Samuel Alito said they would have granted the stay requested by the state . Scalia , in a toughly worded dissent , called the original release order a "  terrible injunction " and suggested the result would be that many of the released prisoners will commit more crimes . California to challenge court order to release 10,000 inmates by year 's end There was no immediate reaction from Gov. Jerry Brown , but he had called the earlier mandate "  unprecedented . " A three-judge federal court panel ordered the state to reduce its prison population to 137.5 % of design capacity by December 31 and threatened to find the state in contempt if it did not report on its progress every two weeks . Until recently , California had the nation 's largest prison system and officials have said they have been reducing overcrowding . The case grows out of lawsuits filed in 1990 and 2001 that alleged overcrowding is at the core of a domino effect of unsafe and unhealthy conditions for those on both sides of the iron bars . In 2011 , the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the federal panel 's determination that California 's medical and mental health care for inmates fell below a constitutional level of care and that the only way to meet the requirement was by reducing prison crowding . The justices two years ago found "  continuing injury and harm resulting from these serious constitutional violations , " including as many as 156,000 people crammed in correctional facilities designed to hold about half that many . Justice Anthony Kennedy at the time noted "  needless suffering and death have been the well-documented result . Over the whole course of years during which this litigation has been pending , no other remedies have been found to be sufficient . " Federal judges in May expressed impatience with California officials , the defendants in the case . They threatened to cite the state with contempt if it did not comply with the release orders . The larger issue is a classic battle over state versus federal authority , focusing on whether U.S. courts can step in and essentially run state prisons when officials have repeatedly violated basic constitutional guarantees afforded inmates . The competing arguments amount to a sharply divided debate between public safety concerns and individual rights , a debate that goes into how the three branches of government should balance competing state interests . Alito had dissented from the 2011 ruling , and warned any mass release of inmates to alleviate overcrowding would be "  gambling with the safety of the people of California . " Prison overcrowding is a nationwide problem , but California 's dilemma is unique in its massive scope and time frame . A special federal court in 2009 ordered the state to shrink the prison population from 202 % over capacity to a maximum of 137.5 % , and to accomplish that in two years . The state was given wide latitude to meet the goal , but the court was adamant the state do it without delay and without excuse . The current high court appeal is Brown v. Plata  13A57  . Read more : Hunger strike on for 12,000 California inmates	California prisons are under order to release 9,600 inmates by year 's end The state wants to delay the deadline ; the Supreme Court says no Overcrowding has made the prisons unsafe and unsanitary , courts say Justices Antonin Scalia warns that many released prisoners will commit crimes
CNN  The Force is strong in Turkey -- or at least it appears to be at one university where thousands of students are petitioning for a Jedi temple to be built on campus . The petition , which was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir , so far has almost 5,500 signatures . "  There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth , " the petition says . It adds that "  uneducated Padawan " -- the novice Jedis in George Lucas ' "  Star Wars " film franchise -- "  are moving to the dark side . ... To find the balance in the Force , we want a Jedi temple . " The page on Change.org also features a still of Jedi Grand Master Yoda from "  Star Wars : Episode II -- Attack of the Clones " teaching young Jedis how to use a light saber . "  I 'm signing because the nearest temple  is  billions of light years away , " one supporter wrote on the petition page . Another supporter wrote : "  We want freedom of worship . There are mosques everywhere , but no Jedi temple ! " The petition was started by Akin Cagatay Caliskan , an 18-year-old computer science student from Ankara . Caliskan says he is surprised by the impact his petition has made : "  I did not expect so many supporters . I thought maybe it might  have  100 . " The satirical document does have a serious side . An online debate started last month when Mehmet Karaca , the rector of Istanbul Technical University , said he would build a mosque on campus if there was enough support . Karaca was referencing another petition asking a mosque be built on campus , which almost 200,000 students signed . Twenty thousand students at ITU also signed a separate petition in response , demanding a Buddhist temple on campus . "  I can not fulfill my religious needs " and can not afford "  to go to the nearest Buddhist temple 2,000 miles away , " Utku Gurcag Boratac from Istanbul wrote as her reason for signing . "  I want to fulfill my religious needs on campus , " said another . This is just the latest flurry in a longstanding discussion around civil and religious freedoms in the secular republic . Turkey 's secularist opposition has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party , the Islamist-based Justice and Development Party , of trying to instill conservative Islamic values into everyday life . Late last year , the head of Turkey 's Islamic religious affairs authority , the Diyanet , announced plans to build 80 mosques on university campuses across the country . The Diyanet sparked discussion a few months earlier by opening a mosque on the campus of Erzurum Ataturk University in the eastern province of Erzurum , according to Turkish daily newspaper Hurriyet .	5,500 signatures call for Jedi temple after similar petition asked for campus mosque Petition started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir
CNN Student News  -- March 16 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Silicon Valley , California Austria Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
The nation paused Monday to remember the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , the civil rights icon who would have turned 83 this year had a bullet not cut short his life . President Barack Obama marked the holiday with a service project at the Browne Education Campus in Washington on Monday morning . He told the group it was the third year that he , his wife Michelle and daughters Malia and Sasha have engaged in some sort of service on King 's birthday . While Malia was present Monday , Sasha "  could n't make it today , " the president said . "  We 're going to be doing a whole bunch of stuff to make the  school  facilities even better than they already are , " Obama said . He said there is "  no better way " to honor King 's life than by doing something on behalf of others . "  There 's nobody who ca n't serve , nobody who ca n't help somebody else , " he said . "  Whether you 're 7 , or 6 , or whether you 're 76 , you can find the opportunity to make an enormous amount of difference in your community . " Later Monday , the first couple will attend the Let Freedom Ring Celebration at the Kennedy Center . In America blog : Full Martin Luther King Jr. . Day coverage U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is scheduled to speak at the King Day at the Dome rally in Columbia , South Carolina on Monday , according to organizers of the event . The event will "  commemorate Dr. King 's life , draw attention to economic and educational equalities in the state , and protest the Confederate battle flag flying in front of the  state capitol  building , " organizers said . A federal holiday to honor King , who was assassinated in April 1968 , was first observed in 1986 . In 1994 , Congress also designated it a national day of service . On Monday , a group including Washington Mayor Vincent Gray , civil rights activist Dick Gregory and the Rev. Al Sharpton placed a wreath at the memorial honoring King . "  We must be reminded as to why Dr. King has been the one to deserve such a monument and such a holiday , " Sharpton said . " ... What he did was hold a banner of freedom and equality that actually transformed this nation . " On Sunday , park rangers also placed wreaths at the memorial . Members of King 's family stood beside the towering 30-foot statue of him as crowds sang "  Happy Birthday " at a ceremony . "  We 're celebrating the best of what we are , but also what we must become , knowing that we 've not arrived there yet , " Martin Luther King III said . On the civil rights leader 's birthday -- January 15 , 1968 -- Martin Luther King Jr. was planning a "  poor people 's campaign " to bring together Americans from all walks of life to demand "  decent jobs with decent pay , " his son said . "  He did not live to see that come to fruition , and so , 44 years later , we 're still challenging our nation , particularly in light of the fact that there 's so much poverty rampant in this nation , " Martin Luther King III said . The Martin Luther King Jr. memorial in Washington opened to the public last year . Sunday 's ceremony came several days after officials confirmed that a controversial quote on one side of the monument would be corrected . The line currently reads : "  I was a drum major for justice , peace and righteousness . " The quote , which holds a prominent place among more than a dozen King 's most notable lines at the site , sparked controversy last summer when poet Maya Angelou said it made the civil rights leader appear arrogant . King 's original words , from a 1968 sermon at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta , were : "  If you want to say that I was a drum major , say that I was a drum major for justice . Say that I was a drum major for peace . I was a drum major for righteousness . And all of the other shallow things will not matter . " Angelou said that leaving out the "  if " changes the meaning . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has given the National Park Service 30 days to consult with the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial Project Foundation , members of the King family and others to decide on a more accurate version of the quote , an official at the Interior Department said last week . King 's son said Sunday that he supported the move , because future generations may not know the context of the quote . "  It could be confusing . For us today , no , but for generations yet unborn , they may not understand , " he said .	President marks day with service project at a Washington school The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. would have turned 83 this year Attorney General Eric Holder will speak at King Day at the Dome in South Carolina King 's son : "  We 're celebrating the best of what we are , but also what we must become "
CNN  -- Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho has rejoined former coach Jose Mourinho after completing a transfer to Spanish giants Real Madrid . The 32-year-old , who made 22 appearances for Chelsea last season as the London club clinched their second English Premier League title , signed a two-year-deal . Carvalho will join his international compatriot Cristiano Ronaldo at the Bernabeu , becoming Madrid 's fifth signing of the close season . "  Chelsea Football Club can confirm it has agreed terms with Real Madrid for the transfer of Ricardo Carvalho , " read a statement on the club 's official website . "  Chelsea would like to thank Riccy -LSB- Carvalho -RSB- for his six years of service , and we wish him well in his future career . " Mourinho tells CNN : Real can reign in Spain It is the second time Mourinho has signed Carvalho . After winning the European Champions League with Porto in 2004 , a side which featured Carvalho at the heart of the defense , Mourinho took the central defender with him to Stamford Bridge in a deal worth $ 31 million . He made 210 appearances for the Blues , becoming the club 's fourth longest-serving player . During this six-year spell , Carvalho scored 11 times and picked up three Premier League titles , as well as five domestic cups . Yet Carvalho 's relationship with Mourinho has not always been smooth . In 2005 he publicly criticized Mourinho 's selection policy , leading the coach to question Carvalho 's intelligence during a press conference . "  Ricardo Carvalho seems to have problems understanding things , maybe he should have an IQ test , " said Mourinho . However , Carvalho told Spanish newspaper AS last month that he relished the chance of a new future in Spain with his former boss . "  With Mourinho I experienced two marvelous stages at Porto and Chelsea . To have the opportunity to win another Champions League with him at Real Madrid would be tremendous . " Since leaving Inter Milan , where he won the Scudetta and the Champions League last season , Mourinho has been linked with a string of his former players , including Chelsea left-back Ashley Cole and Inter 's Brazilian wing-back Maicon .	Ricardo Carvalho rejoins his former coach Jose Mourinho at Real Madrid It is second time the former Chelsea and Inter coach has signed the 32-year-old Portugal defender is the Spanish club 's fifth signing of the close season
EW.com  -- ABC 's "  The Bachelor " closed its season with a finale that posted ratings gains over last year . The two-hour episode was up 14 percent among adults 18-49 compared to last season 's finale , and marked the show 's highest-rated episode of the season . The gain is n't surprising considering "  The Bachelor 's " whole 17th season run was stronger than last year 's edition . The network also points out that this season resulted in quadruple the number of tweets . Desiree Hartsock is next ` Bachelorette ' The "  After the Final Rose " special once again showcased "  The Bachelor 's " unique pattern of generating a bigger rating for its post-finale special than for the actual finale . The special was up 15 percent from last year . ABC also announced that former "  Bachelor " Sean Lowe has been added to the upcoming edition of "  Dancing With the Stars , " and that "  Bach " fan favorite Desiree Hartsock will be this summer 's "  Bachelorette . " Full finale recap here . Elsewhere : Fox 's "  The Following " dipped after weeks of steadiness , probably due to having a "  Bones " repeat . CBS ' "  Rules of Engagement " hit a season low . NBCs "  The Biggest Loser " hit a low . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	ABC 's "  The Bachelor " closed its season with ratings gains over last year The finale marked the show 's highest-rated episode of the season "  The Bachelor 's " whole 17th season run was stronger than last year 's edition
CNN  -- When the Supreme Court upheld the Affordable Care Act in a 5-4 ruling Thursday , the American Medical Association was quick to release a statement in support of the "  historic " decision that will give more people access to health coverage . But  and there 's always a "  but "  medical professionals across the country are wondering : When an additional 32 million Americans get medical insurance , who exactly is going to treat them ? "  We 've expressed some concerns before about whether or not we 're going to have enough physicians out there , " AMA President-Elect Ardis Hoven said . They have good reason to worry . When Thailand enacted the "  30-bhat scheme " in 2002 , requiring all patients to be covered by health insurance , 14 million people were added to the country 's health care system . The result was longer waits at the doctor 's office and complaints of subpar service . 8 countries that have universal health care A physician shortage in the U.S. was expected even before the Affordable Care Act was signed into law in 2010 , according to the Association of American Medical Colleges . Now the group estimates that there will be a shortage of 63,000 doctors by 2015 and 130,600 by 2025 . The shortage is a result of several factors . A large number of medical professionals are reaching retirement age , as is a large group of patients : Nearly 15 million will become eligible for Medicare in the coming years , the Association of American Medical Colleges reports . On top of that , there is a lack of residency spots available for students graduating from medical school . In 2011 , more than 7,000 were left with degrees that said "  M.D. " but no place to continue their education , according to the National Residency Matching Program . Why your waiter has an M.D. . Many residency spots are funded by Medicare , and there 's a cap on the number a hospital can claim each year . That number , about 100,000 , has remained steady since 1997 . While the Affordable Care Act will redistribute some unused residency slots and increase funding for the National Health Service Corps , more needs to be done , advocates say . "  There will be real physician shortages if we do n't do more to lift the residency cap , " said Dr. Atul Grover , the Association of American Medical Colleges ' chief advocacy officer , in a statement . "  People on both sides of the aisle have realized the need to train more doctors . " Opinion : We do n't need more doctors The biggest scarcity will be in primary-care physicians , Hoven said , thanks to better insurance coverage for preventative care . "  I would like to note that these are not newly appeared patients , " she said . "  They 've been in emergency rooms , for things that are not necessarily an emergency . It 's going to be a reshuffling of where they get their care and when they get their care . " This , of course , is a good thing , Hoven said . Doctors will be able to detect diseases earlier and focus on wellness , which in turn might lower health care costs . But that will require more internists , ob/gyns and pediatricians -- at a time when many private practices are struggling to stay afloat financially . Nurses would be a perfect fit to handle the increase in preventative medicine practices , said registered nurse Karen Daley , president of the American Nurses Association . Nursing 's holistic approach focuses on wellness and community-based health needs . Unfortunately , America has been talking about the nation 's nursing shortage since the early 2000s , and the numbers have n't improved . "  We 're going to be facing serious shortages unlike anything we 've ever seen in the next decade , " Daley said . The American Nurses Association was a staunch supporter of the Affordable Care Act , and the group wrote a brief in support of the legislation . Even if it 's not a perfect law , Daley said , there are several important protections that have been put in place , protections that will give access to millions who otherwise might have avoided care . But , there 's always a "  but . " "  This is going to have to be a system that , in order to be effective , is going to have to be able to meet demands for the work force . We need more resources to provide more access . "	American Medical Association expresses concern over physician shortage Estimates say there will be a shortage of 63,000 doctors by 2015 Shortages due to lack of funding for residency programs and baby boomers
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Implementing smoke-free policies can lead to fewer hospitalizations resulting from heart attacks , according to a new study published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A new study says smoking ordinances can lead to fewer hospitalizations from heart attacks . Researchers studied the impact of smoke-free ordinances implemented in Pueblo , Colorado , in July 2003 . They compared the number of hospitalizations for heart attacks 18 months before the policy went into effect and three years after implementation . The Pueblo Heart Study found that although 399 people were hospitalized for heart attacks before any smoke-free laws went into effect , that number dropped to 237 three years after the law 's introduction , a 41 percent decline . The study was published in the CDC 's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report on Wednesday . The accompanying editorial suggests that there may be several reasons the ordinance may have led to a reduction in the number of heart attack-related hospitalizations : • The ordinance led to an immediate decrease in secondhand smoke exposure . • People who were forced to comply with smoke-free rules in public may have adopted a smoke-free environment at home and thus reduced the exposure to secondhand smoke even more . • Restrictions to where you can smoke may have led more people to quit smoking altogether . While the Colorado researcher did n't know if the study participants were smokers or non-smokers , the CDC 's editorial points out that the new study adds to research from eight other studies , which also saw a drop in heart attack related hospitalizations after smoke-free laws are enforced . A 2006 Surgeon General report concluded that "  exposure of adults to secondhand smoke has immediate adverse effects on the cardiovascular system and causes coronary heart disease and lung cancer . " According to the National Cancer Institute and American Cancer Society , secondhand smoke is the combination of two types of smoke that is produced when burning tobacco : the smoke that comes from the burning end of a cigarette , cigar or pipe and the smoke that is exhaled by the smoker . The Environmental Protection Agency has classified secondhand smoke as a known human cancer-causing agent . According to the cancer institute , there is no safe level of secondhand smoke , and it can have an immediate effect "  on a person 's heart and blood vessels . " It may raise the risk of heart disease by 25 to 30 percent and cause about 46,000 heart disease deaths annually , according to the NCI Web site .	Researchers studied effects of anti-smoking ordinances in Colorado Hospitalizations for heart attacks went down 41 percent , study found Editorial suggests several reasons for possible correlation
Urumqi , China  CNN  -- Urumqi , the capital of China 's far-western Xinjiang Province , was calm but definitely tense Friday , four years after violent clashes left hundreds dead and exposed deep ethnic rifts in the region . In the days leading up to the anniversary , and in the wake of recent attacks that left 35 dead in Xinjiang , Chinese authorities have taken measures to thwart further unrest . Paramilitary police in camouflaged fatigues with automatic weapons and riot gear have been stationed outside key points throughout the capital , including government buildings , banks and major intersections . While it is not unusual for there to be a visible police presence in a city known for past troubles , the number of armed troops on the streets has increased dramatically -- one main street next to a local theater in the city was backed up with a column of police trucks , armored personnel carriers and other riot-control vehicles . According to tourist operators and local residents , the government has also banned all night markets and non-tourist public events to avoid crowds gathering at this sensitive time . Periodic bursts of violence are nothing new in Xinjiang , a resource-rich region of western China where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . Uyghurs have complained of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces in Xinjiang , despite official promises of equal rights and ethnic harmony . In China as a whole , Han Chinese account for 92 % of the population . They now make up about 40 % of the population of Xinjiang , where Uyghurs used to be predominant . The violence last Wednesday -- when police stations were attacked by a mob in the remote township of Lukqun , about 250 kilometers southeast of Urumqi -- was the worst the region has seen since 2009 , when rioting between the two ethnic groups left around 200 people dead and 1,700 injured in Urumqi . This followed clashes in April when 21 people were killed in Xinjiang 's Kashgar prefecture . The government has blamed recent attacks on "  gangsters " and "  religious extremists " who they claim have links to foreign jihadi groups . But many scholars and Uyghur diaspora groups dispute this official interpretation . "  The increasing frequency with which these incidents occur illustrates the PRC 's reticence to address the root causes of the tensions that are escalating , " said the World Uyghur Congress  WUC  , a Germany-based Uyghur advocacy group . It used an abbreviation of People 's Republic of China to describe China . Meanwhile , Chinese state media has widely reported on other measures taken by local authorities to curb further unrest ahead of Friday 's anniversary . The local public security department in Xinjiang has offered a 50,000 to 100,000-Yuan  US$ 8,162 to 16,319  reward for information regarding what they called "  separatist activities , " the China Daily reported . It also released a wanted list of 11 suspects , encouraging residents to provide information . Police also called on the public to hand in any "  dangerous knives , explosives and propaganda materials on terrorism or violent crimes " they may have -- police officers in Urumqi were actually registering knives this week , with blades more than 8 inches confiscated . "  I ca n't display anything longer than this , " said one local merchant who had just been registered by police . Rumors have also been rife in this city before and during the July 5 anniversary . Uyghur restaurants are struggling to get Han customers at times because of rumors that they could be looking to poison their customers . In the center of the capital , street vendors say domestic tourist numbers , normally at their peak at this time of year , are dramatically down because of the fear of attacks . But despite the heavy police presence and the rumors , the city continues to function . Though the Xinjiang International Grand Bazaar , a major tourist attraction , was largely quiet this week , other shopping streets teemed with locals bargaining for a range of products , from scarves to fruit . They did n't seem to pay much attention to the paramilitary police units who now patrol 24 hours a day -- some Han Chinese tourists were even taking photos of the patrols . But this remains a divided city . Uyghurs and Han Chinese generally frequent different shops , live in different neighborhoods and go to different schools . But most people seem reluctant to speak about these divisions , a sign perhaps of the tightening grip the security forces have over this remote city .	China has deployed armed police in cities in Xinjiang in past week July 5 marks 4th anniversary of deadly clashes in region that killed more than 200 Tensions fueled by increased number of Han Chinese moving to western region Ethnic Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , mainly Muslim ethnic group , complain of discrimination
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British airlines have put into effect measures to stop people with swine flu boarding flights in a bid to prevent the virus from spreading further . Medical screening for the swine flu virus has been introduced at many airports . British Airways said there had been a "  very small number of cases " where people who had checked in with symptoms of H1N1 had been advised not to travel after having medical checks . Virgin Atlantic also said victims would not be allowed to board one of its planes without a fit-to-fly certificate from their doctor or a hospital , though there had been no cases yet . The World Health Organization declared the virus a global pandemic June 11 . More than 120 countries have reported cases of human infection . About 98,000 cases have been documented worldwide , with 440 deaths , according to the WHO . Watch as airlines ban sufferers " With 29 deaths and a huge rise in the number of cases , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe . Eight British schoolchildren remained in hospital in China on Monday after contracting swine flu on a trip to the country , the Foreign Office said . The teenagers were diagnosed with the H1N1 virus in Beijing . More than 50 of their classmates and teachers are also quarantined in a hotel . Watch as students are quarantined " Medical screening for the swine flu virus has been introduced at many airports around the world for passengers arriving on international flights but there are concerns that many people may not be aware they are infected . Those who do have symptoms have been advised by Britain 's health authorities to delay their journeys until the signs have cleared up . "  We have a medical team within the airline as well as a contingency planning group which has met for the past few years to look at the issue of a flu pandemic , " A British Airways spokeswoman said . "  We have a wide range of contingency plans in place which we can use depending on how the situation may evolve . "  If we have concerns about a customer or the customer is concerned , then we have a 24-hour medical service we can call to give advice to staff . "  They will speak to the customer and an assessment will be made about their fitness to fly . "  There have been a number of cases where we have advised customers not to fly on the basis of their diagnosis or symptoms of H1N1 . " Watch as a CNN reporter is quarantined " BA told CNN Monday though that it was "  business as usual " and all flights were operating normally . Virgin Atlantic spokesman Paul Charles said : "  If there are signs of something being wrong , be it excessive sneezing or coughing , not looking well , high temperature , then the airport staff can call in a medical team for extra advice . "  If the medical team believe there are reasons not to fly , the passenger will be asked to produce a fit to fly certificate from their doctor or a hospital , and they will be put at our cost on to the next available flight . " Swine flu has spread so rapidly and extensively around the globe that the World Health Organization is changing tactics against the H1N1 virus , including stopping a tally of cases and focusing on unusual patterns . "  At this point , further spread of the pandemic , within affected countries and to new countries , is considered inevitable , " the WHO said . The counting of all cases is no longer essential because it is exhausting countries ' resources , the organization said . "  In some countries , this strategy is absorbing most national laboratory and response capacity , leaving little capacity for the monitoring and investigation of severe cases , and other exceptional events . " Monitoring is still required , the organization urged , but should focus on exceptional patterns . "  Because the numbers of cases have increased in so many countries , it is very hard to keep up , " Keiji Fukuda , WHO assistant director-general , said earlier this month . Laboratories have been inundated with testing requests and the virus is showing up in most lab tests in countries with major outbreaks , he said . The organization said it will not issue global tables showing confirmed cases for countries that have reported cases , according to the release . However , it will still report on nations that have not had cases so that its presence can be confirmed . "  WHO will continue to request that these countries report the first confirmed cases and , as far as feasible , provide weekly aggregated case numbers and descriptive epidemiology of the early cases . " Meanwhile , governments should should be on the lookout for unusual patterns , the organization said . While most patients have reported mild symptoms , a rise in severe symptoms or respiratory ailments that require hospitalization should be cause for concern , it said . Governments should also pay attention to unusual patterns linked to fatal cases , the WHO said . Any changes in prevailing patterns should be flagged , including a rise in school and job absenteeism , and an increase in visits to the emergency room . An overwhelmed health system may mean there is a rise in severe cases , the organization said .	British airlines stop people with swine flu boarding flights Around the world there have been 98,000 cases of swine flu in 120 countries With 29 deaths , Britain has the worst swine flu figures in Europe Medical screening for virus has been introduced at many airports
CNN  -- Amanda Knox 's parents are hopeful that an Italian court 's decision not to re-evaluate the evidence against their daughter means she will be found not guilty of killing her roommate . Edda Mellas and Curt Knox say they have never believed their daughter was guilty . "  We asked for the independent review because we were sure that anybody -LSB- who -RSB- independently looked at it would support our position , " Edda Mellas , Knox 's mother , told CNN 's Larry King in an interview to air Friday night . "  Now , maybe the court decided that they do n't even need that support . That our arguments have already been good enough . " Knox , of Seattle , Washington , has been in an Italian jail and on trial for nearly two years on charges that she helped murder her roommate , British student Meredith Kercher . Knox 's defense lawyers had asked the court for an independent review of the evidence , which can be requested if there is contested or contradicting evidence . Prosecutors say a kitchen knife , allegedly the murder weapon , has Knox 's DNA on the handle and Kercher 's DNA on the blade . The defense disputes that , but last Friday , the court denied the request for a review . Closing arguments in the trial are expected at the beginning of November , and Knox 's parents hope a verdict will finally vindicate their daughter . Watch Curt Knox say why he thinks his daughter was arrested " Her father , Curt Knox , told CNN that he thinks Amanda Knox was targeted as a suspect from the beginning . Within days of Kercher 's murder , Knox and her then-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were questioned and portrayed in the media as the undisputed killers . "  I believe that there was a huge mistake made very , very early on by , you know , having a -- literally a ` case closed , ' you know , presentation by the police over there , " he said . Prosecutors held news conferences weeks after the killing , declaring the case solved . Knox , Sollecito and bar owner Patrick Lumumba were believed to have killed Kercher during a sexual game gone horribly awry . Knox was criticized in newspapers and tabloids around the world for her demeanor after the killing , which included photos of her and Sollecito comforting each other as crime scene investigators looked for clues in her house . Knox 's mother told King that those headlines could n't be further from the truth . "  You know , she 's very much a person who internalizes , " Mellas said . "  She was extremely upset , and her roommate testified that when she found out it was Meredith that was killed , she was very upset . She cried ; she did all of that . But by the time those photos were taken , it was hours later , and she was being comforted by Raffaele . " As the investigation went on , the scenario of what happened changed . Lumumba was released because he had an airtight alibi , and DNA evidence from the crime scene soon pointed to a different suspect : Rudy Guede . Guede was sentenced to 30 years for the murder in a separate trial and is appealing the verdict . Knox 's parents believe that Guede is the sole killer , but because the prosecution hammered the idea that Knox and Sollecito were guilty , they could n't back away from it . "  They were just too far into it , and they 've been trying to press it ever since , " Curt Knox said . Knox 's family and friends insist that the girl they know would n't kill anyone . Her parents say they never believed that she was guilty . After the murder , Mellas said , friends and family told Knox to leave Italy -- to either come home or stay with relatives in Germany -- but Knox refused because she wanted to help find the killer and prove that she had nothing to do with it . "  Many people asked her to leave , but she said no . ` I 'm going to stay . I 'm going to try and help . I 'm going to try and finish school , ' " Mellas said . Looking back , her parents wish Knox had left . Now , all they can do is wait -- and hope things turn out how they believe they should . "  We have to believe that what they 're hearing in court -- and it 's so clear that she had nothing to do with it -- then they 'll come out with the right answer , " Curt Knox said . "  I mean , that 's -- that 's what we have to believe . "	Knox is on trial in Italy , accused of killing her British roommate , Meredith Kercher Italian court refused defense request to re-evaluate evidence Amanda Knox 's parents hope that means she will be found not guilty of murder
CNN  -- When she was America 's top diplomat , Hillary Clinton acknowledged that negotiating with the Taliban for Bowe Bergdahl 's release "  would be hard to swallow for many Americans , " according to a copy of her upcoming book , "  Hard Choices , " which was obtained by CBS News . In other foreign policy matters , Clinton writes how she pushed for arming Syrian rebels and also highlights her differences with President Barack Obama on the high-stakes issue . She also said that she regretted her 2002 vote in support of U.S. military action in Iraq . Also in her book , set to hit bookshelves on Tuesday , Clinton dishes on the 2008 campaign against Obama , her feelings about Sarah Palin , and her role in planning her daughter 's 2010 wedding . Clinton was skeptical of Bergdahl release On Bergdahl , the former secretary of state writes that the Taliban 's "  top concern seemed to be the fate of its fighters being held at Guantanamo Bay and other prisons . " "  In every discussion about prisoners , we demanded the release of Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl , who had been captured in 2009 . There would not be any agreement about prisoners without the sergeant coming home , " she writes , according to the excerpts . "  I acknowledged , as I had many times before , that opening the door to negotiations with the Taliban would be hard to swallow for many Americans after so many years of war , " she added . Former officials told CNN earlier this week that Clinton was skeptical of early plans to trade Taliban prisoners , which the Obama administration ultimately did to win Bergdahl 's release last week . A measured defense of release On Monday , Clinton was asked whether she would have approved the same deal for five Taliban commanders who had been held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . She did not directly answer the question and offered a measured defense of the Obama administration . "  We do have a tradition and I ascribe to it , " Clinton said . "  We try not to leave any of our soldiers on the field . We try to make sure , insofar as possible , you know , we bring them home . " Republicans have been blasting the Obama administration for the prisoner exchange , saying the President set a dangerous precedent by negotiating with terrorists . Clinton left the State Department at the start of last year and is weighing another bid for the White House . ' I still got it wrong ' on Iraq On the Iraq War , Clinton writes she wish she had n't voted to authorize the use of military force in Iraq in 2002 . "  As the war dragged on , with every letter I sent to a family in New York who had lost a son or daughter , a father or mother , my mistake become  sic  more painful , " she writes , according to excerpts posted online by CBS . "  I thought I had acted in good faith and made the best decision I could with the information I had . And I was n't alone in getting it wrong . But I still got it wrong . Plain and simple , " she said . It 's not the first time she 's expressed regret , but it 's some of the strongest language she 's used on the issue . Clinton 's vote became a key topic in her marathon 2008 battle with Obama for the Democratic presidential nomination . The issue , more than the economy , dominated the early parts of the campaign , with Obama criticizing Clinton over the vote . Clinton at first refused to term it a mistake , but later said during the campaign that she would not have voted the same way . Obama , who was a major opponent of the war , never had to vote on whether to authorize military action against Saddam Hussein , as he was not elected to the Senate until 2004 . Clinton rarely talks about her vote on Iraq and in the last few months , as she has crisscrossed the country speaking to a wide array of audiences , she has not been asked about it . Conflict in Syria In the book , Clinton describes the bloody three-year long civil war in Syria as "  a wicked problem . " Clinton goes on to say that 's "  a term used by planning experts to describe particularly complex challenges that confound standard solutions and approaches . Wicked problems rarely have a right answer ; in fact , part of what makes them wicked is that every option appears worse than the next . Increasingly that 's how Syria appeared . " On whether to arm the Syrian rebels , a contentious issue , Clinton writes that "  I returned to Washington reasonably confident that if we decided to begin arming and training moderate Syrian rebels , we could put in place effective coordination with our regional partners . " Clinton says there was no good policy action for the United States , and she highlights were she and Obama disagreed on the conflict . " -LSB- T -RSB- he risks of both action and inaction were high . Both choices would bring unintended consequences . The President 's inclination was to stay the present course and not take the significant further step of arming rebels . "  No one likes to lose a debate , including me . But this was the President 's call and I respected his deliberations and decision . From the beginning of our partnership , he had promised me that would always get a fair hearing . And I always did . In this case , my position did n't prevail , " Clinton writes . Although as Clinton backed Obama 's Syria policy as secretary of state - including negotiating with the international community on the civil war and criticizing countries like Russia and China , which stood in the way of toppling Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Clinton 's writings now show the level with which she split with Obama on arming the rebels . When asked about Syria at events during her time on the paid speaking circuit , Clinton has used identically language to describe the conflict . At an April event in Boston , Clinton told an audience of women leaders that the conflict was a "  wicked problem " that "  really requires a broad base of knowledge . " "  It does n't mean you 're not incensed , heartsick , angry , " Clinton told the audience at Simmons College . "  But then you need to stop and say ` well , what can we do about it ? How can we intervene in a way that helps , not hurts ? ' " Obama , Sarah Palin , and Chelsea Clinton also takes readers into her private meeting with Obama prior to the 2008 Democratic convention , which gave the former rivals an opportunity "  to clear the air , " Clinton writes . "  We stared at each other like two teenagers on an awkward first date , taking a few sips of Chardonnay , " she writes of the meeting . "  One silver lining of defeat was that I came out of the experience realizing I no longer cared so much about what the critics said about me , " she said . Clinton also dishes on the Obama campaign 's reaction to then-Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's selection as Sen. John McCain 's running mate , and why she declined to follow the Obama campaign 's playbook on slamming the pick . While the campaign issued a "  dismissive statement " and urged Clinton to do the same , the then-senator from New York writes that she declined . "  I would n't . I was not going to attack Palin just for being a woman appealing for support from other women , " Clinton writes . "  I did n't think it made political sense , and it did n't feel right . So I said no . " Hitting a lighter note , Clinton 's memoir also discusses the "  urgent business " she had to address during her tenure as secretary of state - her daughter 's wedding . Flying back from Vietnam in the summer of 2010 , Clinton had to shift her attention from rising tensions in the South China Sea to "  one of the most important events of my life . " "  This time it was n't a high-level summit or a diplomatic crisis . It was my daughter 's wedding , a day I had been looking forward to for thirty years , " Clinton writes . "  I felt lucky that my day job had prepared me for the elaborate diplomacy required to help plan a big wedding . " Clinton writes that she was happy to help in any way she could and her responsibilities ranged from "  reviewing photographs of flower arrangements " and heading home for tastings and dress selections . As for the former president ? "  Bill was as emotional as I was , maybe even more so , and I was just glad he made it down the aisle in one piece , " Clinton writes . As Chelsea Clinton and her father danced to "  The Way You Look Tonight , " Hillary Clinton 's head swirled with thoughts . "  It was one of the happiest and proudest moments of my life , " Clinton writes . "  Our family had been through a lot together , good times and hard times , and now here we were , celebrating the best of times . " CNN 's Ashley Killough , Jeremy Diamond , Dan Merica and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this story .	Clinton raised the issue of negotiating for Bergdahl in new book , ` Hard Choices ' Decision to get Army sergeant back from Taliban captivity has generated sharp controversy She said "  opening the door " to Taliban for Bergdahl "  would be hard to swallow for many Americans "
CNN  -- Mark Webber said he ignored team orders not to attack Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel in the closing stages of Sunday 's British Grand Prix . Webber , 34 , was sat in third position and closing in on world championship leader Vettel in second when he was told over the team radio to "  maintain the gap " between himself and his German colleague . The result meant Vettel , 24 , extended his lead at the top of the drivers ' standings to 80 points , despite Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso taking the checkered flag to claim the Italian marque 's first grand prix victory since October 2010 . But Webber , who is second in the standings , told a post-race press conference he paid no attention to the messages from the team garage . Passing judgment : Hamilton must stay aggressive "  I am not fine with it . No . That 's the answer to that , " the Australian said when asked if he understood the team 's decision . "  If Fernando retires on the last lap we are battling for the victory so I was fine until the end . Of course I ignored the team as I want to try and get another place . Seb was doing his best and I was doing my best . "  I do n't want to crash with anyone , but that was it . I tried to do my best with the amount of conversation I had . One-way conversation obviously as I was n't talking too much back . "  There was a lot of traffic coming to me , but I was still trying to do my best to pass the guy in front . " Alonso wins for Ferrari at Silverstone Webber took maximum points in last year 's race at Silverstone and , in the wake of his triumph , suggested he was frustrated with a perceived number two driver status at the British-based Red Bull team . When asked if he still felt reigning world champion Vettel received preferential treatment in 2011 , Webber responded : "  Not really . I just want to race to the end , so with four or five laps to the end , they started to chat to me about holding my position . "  Of course , they want the points , but I also need to try and get some more points as well . " Standings after the British Grand Prix Vettel , who became the sport 's youngest-ever champion when he clinched the 2010 crown , said he did not feel Webber had gifted him his second-place finish . "  I think we were racing , " said Vettel . "  It was not a scheduled ' I move right , you move left , I move left , you move right , I brake here , you brake there . ' "  As Mark said , he stayed flat out and tried to race me , as hard as he could , did n't find his way past . To me , at this stage , it 's quite amusing . " Rivalries will resume when the Formula One circus moves to the Nurburgring on July 24 for the German Grand Prix .	Mark Webber has admitted he ignored team orders during Sunday 's British Grand Prix The Red Bull driver was told not to try and overtake his teammate Sebastian Vettel Vettel , who is the leader of the championship , finished second with Webber third
CNN  -- Six men , including a police officer , are facing homicide charges in last week 's killing of French filmmaker and photographer Christian Poveda in El Salvador , the attorney general 's office said . Filmmaker Christian Poveda poses for a picture at a workshop in Mexico on August 29 . The suspect accused of ordering the slaying , Nelson Lazo Rivera , was already in prison , according to a statement Wednesday from the agency . Officials gave no motive for the slaying and did not say why Lazo Rivera is incarcerated . El Diario de Hoy newspaper said he is in prison for several murders , including three slayings in 2003 known as the massacre of Samcap . Poveda , 53 , had recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang , part of the Mara 18 criminal group in El Salvador . He was found shot to death September 2 in the town of Tonacatepeque , about 10 miles northeast of the capital , San Salvador , authorities said . Four of the suspects are members of the same Mara 18 gang that was the subject of Poveda 's film , the attorney general 's office said . Authorities identified them as Calixto Rigoberto Escobar  known as Toro  , Jose Alejandro Melara  El Puma  , Roberto Luis Romero  Tiger  , and Miguel Angel Rosa  El Cholo  . National Civil Police Officer Juan Napoleon Espinoza also was arrested , the attorney general 's office said . Officials did not say what his involvement in the crime may have been . But El Mundo , Diario Co Latino , El Faro and El Diario de Hoy newspapers said authorities believe the officer told gang members Poveda was giving information on the group to police . According to El Diario de Hoy , police deputy director Mauricio Ramirez Landaverde said Espinoza was a Mara 18 member , who would drink with other members in his free time and also was involved in giving them weapons , ammunition and information . Authorities said the suspects will be charged with aggravated homicide , proposition and conspiracy in the homicide and illicit associations . Poveda 's documentary , "  La Vida Loca , " follows the lives of members of the Mara 18 gang . The documentary has been screened at a handful of film festivals and is slated for wider release later this month . His body was found in an area controlled by that same gang , officials said . The suspects had set up a meeting with Poveda on August 30 , at which time they were supposed to kill him and bury his body , El Mundo and El Diario de Hoy reported . But Poveda did not show , heightening gang members ' suspicions that he was an informant . He met with the suspects three days later and was shot by Romero , El Mundo said , but in their haste to get away the gang members forgot to bury his body . A funeral for Poveda was held Wednesday in San Salvador before his body was shipped to France . A photograph of a younger Poveda , with shoulder-length hair , and a 35 mm digital camera were placed on the altar , next to a communion chalice . "  This is a painful and brutal act . Unacceptable , " said Monsignor Gregorio Rosa Chavez , the auxiliary bishop of San Salvador . "  God moved Christian with his work , awoke noble ideals . He tried to film with his camera in order to open the eyes of those whose eyes needed opening . "	French filmmaker Christian Poveda was shot to death in El Salvador last week Poveda had just finished documentary on violent street gang 4 of those arrested are members of the gang , another is police officer , officials say Salvadoran media report the gang suspected Poveda was giving info to police
We 've yet to hear all the details surrounding Chris Brown 's alleged altercation with Frank Ocean , but it would seem in the court of public opinion , Brown 's already been tried . If you 've been following your celebrity feuds , you know there was tension between Brown and Ocean in 2011 thanks to an argument on Twitter . But with Brown 's history of violent behavior and the examples of questionable decision-making in recent years , the presumption by some is that the "  Do n't Wake Me Up " singer is the guilty party in the standoff . As with controversial celebrities before him , at the core of the reaction to Brown are those age-old questions : What are our behavior standards for our celebrities , who sets them , and can they be enforced ? If someone does something heinous , should we cease to find them entertaining ? And just how much should a star 's personal life override his or her work ? The answers to those questions are debatable and shift with the times , but they 're also made all the more charged by the context of Brown 's case . Following his 2009 assault on his then-girlfriend Rihanna , which the world saw through a leaked photo of the singer 's bruised and beaten face and a detailed police report , Brown has developed a reputation to rival showbiz 's biggest repeat offenders . In the past four years , he 's created a baffling rinse-and-repeat history of misdeeds , with a few apologies to match . Just within the last seven months , the R&B / hip-hop artist has been in two other highly publicized fights -- one physical , with fellow musician Drake in New York , and one digital , with writer/comedian Jenny Johnson on Twitter -- in addition to now being investigated for the third brawl over the weekend . CNN has n't heard back from either Brown or Ocean for more clarification on what transpired in the 7200 block of Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood , California , but authorities have confirmed that it was a physical throwdown involving six men . As deputies work to get to the bottom of what occurred , they 've said that Brown is under investigation for allegedly punching an unnamed victim -- and over a parking space , no less . Yet the frequent feuds are just the beginning of Brown 's tenuous public image . Equally damaging has been his defensive attitude , a brash , short-sighted bravado that he 'll sometimes temper with notes of aspirational positivity . The highlight reel of 2012 alone gives enough examples : Last February , he won no favors by telling those opposed to his 2012 Grammy awards appearance to "  hate " all they wanted to , because he 'd won an award that night .  That , in his opinion , was the "  ultimate f *** off . "  In October , Brown incurred skeptical looks with a Halloween costume that was perceived as emulating the stereotypical image of a terrorist . The month prior to that the controversy was a tattoo of a "  sugar skull " on his neck , one that made enough people think of a post-assault Rihanna that his rep had to clarify that the ink was n't of the pop star . In December , he again rankled onlookers by sharing a photo of himself in Amsterdam smoking enough "  medicinal marijuana " for three people , which he later apologized for .  Perhaps realizing the pot-stirring effect his social media posts have , Brown pulled away from Instagram on Tuesday with the post : "  Social media takes away the essence of why we are even special or icons . So with that , I 'm detaching myself from that world . " As a result , any conversation that remotely mentions the 23-year-old star tends to push observers into two camps . There are the defending supporters , who accuse Brown 's critics of being self-righteous and coldly disbelieving in an individual 's power to change . And then there are the affronted , who see his defenders as dismissive of Brown 's influence and unwilling to hold the singer accountable for his actions -- not to mention turning a blind eye to the gravity of domestic violence . The media are n't above taking sides . Marlow Stern of The Daily Beast offered a "  preponderance of evidence " that Brown is "  one of the most infuriatingly awful people in show business . " Gawker posited that "  it 's not hard to choose between those two versions " in the Ocean/Brown fracas , because in one corner you have "  a violent , angry , abusive a ** hole , " and in the other , a singer who "  has never been accused of assault and is n't known for hitting people . " Influential supporters like Justin Bieber -- who recently told Billboard magazine that he 's pulling for the R&B / hip-hop singer on Grammy night -- chime in , reminding consumers that it 's about a product , not a personality . "  I 'm a fan , " Bieber said of Brown . "  His music is really good . That 's what they should focus on : the music . " It might be tough to remember , but Brown caught our attention in 2005 with the promise of becoming pop 's next prince , earning the distinction at the time of being the first male artist in over a decade to land a No. 1 on the Billboard 100 with a debut single . He was top 40 radio-ready and appearing in Doublemint gum commercials , singing alongside an "  American Idol " winner and charmingly chatting about wanting to be the next Michael Jackson . Along the way , he 's developed a strong fan base -- sometimes referred to as Team Breezy -- that 's been consistent in his corner even as we 've watched that careful artist package come apart at the seams . One thing that 's held his ship upright in waves of backlash , said Yahoo! Music senior editor Billy Johnson Jr. , has been his music . "  It does help when you have really good products in the marketplace , because I think at the end of the day that will supersede everything , " Johnson said . "  You 're trying to repair a damaged image , one way to shift the focus is to put out good music . " Whether you personally find Brown 's music to be "  good " or not is a matter of taste , but it is clear that he 's being accepted by both the industry and the music-buying public . The same month he allegedly broke the window of his "  Good Morning America " dressing room after storming off the set , he notched his first No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 with 2011 's "  F.A.M.E. " That same record also earned Brown a best R&B album Grammy the following February , and his 2012 album , "  Fortune , " was another No. 1 and is nominated in the best urban contemporary category at the 2013 ceremony . Brown is far from the first to whip us into a backbiting frenzy over where we , culturally , can and/or should draw our lines , and it 's seriously unlikely he 'll be the last . Charlie Sheen is one of the most notorious examples , and while he 's a touchy subject when it comes to public acceptance , he 's nonetheless been successful in terms of output . Even before he was "  winning , " Sheen cultivated a bad-boy reputation thanks to his predilection for paying for "  sexual services " and time spent in rehab . In the mid-to-late '90s , his shine further lost its luster with allegations of domestic violence . In 2009 , Sheen 's then-wife Brooke Mueller alleged that he threatened her , a storyline that was the precursor to his at turns confusing , laughable and upsetting meltdown in 2011 , during which he was let go from the popular show "  Two and a Half Men . " After coming down off the tiger blood , Sheen 's now on FX with another comedy , "  Anger Management . " In Brown 's case , he 's similarly continued to press forward with his music and acting career . Prior to making his Instagram account private , he posted that he 's at work on a new album , showing once again that what happens for a star personally does n't always interrupt what occurs professionally , even while we continue to hash out whether it should .	Although details are n't clear , some have assumed Brown is guilty in his latest fight The presumptions are attributed to his history of violence Brown 's trajectory raises age-old questions surrounding celebrity and accountability
CNN  -- Channing Tatum 's "  Magic Mike " sequel has lost one of its star players . Matthew McConaughey , who played Dallas in 2012 's male stripper movie "  Magic Mike , " is n't returning for the upcoming "  Magic Mike XXL , " director Gregory Jacobs confirmed in an interview with IndieWire . Tatum , the film 's star , producer and co-writer , mentioned in April that he believed the entire cast would return . But McConaughey is currently filming the Gus Van Sant drama "  The Sea of Trees , " and filming for "  XXL " officially begins at the end of the month . According to Jacobs , the absence of McConaughey 's Dallas is just one way that "  XXL " will be unique from the first film . "  It 's a road trip movie , and put it this way : It 's different enough that once you see it you 'll understand why we made a sequel , " Jacobs said . "  No one will be accusing us of making the same movie twice . " Matt Bomer and Joe Manganiello will be reprising their roles , and Jacobs noted that there are still new cast members to come . While fans may have their own casting wish lists , so does actor Tatum . On "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show " last week , Tatum said he originally wanted "  Guardians of the Galaxy " star Chris Pratt to appear in the first film , but scheduling conflicts got in the way . As for Zac Efron , who 's reportedly expressed interest in being in the film , Tatum admitted the younger actor does have the sex appeal . "  Of course , who would n't  want to see him  ? I want to see Zac naked , " Tatum quipped . "  Magic Mike , " which is loosely based on Tatum 's own experience as an exotic dancer , performed well in the summer of 2012 , earning roughly $ 113 million domestically . "  Magic Mike XXL " is set to release July 1 , 2015 .	Matthew McConaughey wo n't appear in the "  Magic Mike " sequel The director confirmed the news in an interview with IndieWire McConaughey has a scheduling conflict that prevents him from joining the movie
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two barrels filled with explosives washed up on beaches in Israel on Monday , according to Israeli authorities . Authorities disposed of both without injury . Islamic Jihad , the Fatah Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade and the Nasser Salah al-Din Brigades issued a leaflet in Gaza claiming responsibility for sending three explosive devices to Ashkelon and Ashdod . A large barrel filled with explosives was found on a beach in the Ashkelon area Monday morning . The beach was closed . Policemen and bomb disposal experts neutralized the explosives , according to police spokesman Miki Rosenfeld . A second barrel filled with explosives was discovered later in the day on the shore of the city of Ashdod . Authorities conducted a controlled explosion on the second barrel . Police were combing the beaches , and nearby areas were closed to the public . Authorities have not discussed a third device . The Israel Defense Forces , in a statement Monday , said several Palestinian groups had claimed responsibility January 29 for a maritime terrorist attack after the detonation of two sea-born explosive devices about two kilometers  1.24 miles  off the coast of Gaza . Hamas , the movement controlling Gaza , has been vowing retaliation since one of the founding members of its military wing , Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , died last week in Dubai . Al-Mabhouh 's brother , Fayek al-Mabhouh , said that preliminary results of Hamas ' investigation of the death showed his brother was killed by electrocution and strangulation with a piece of cloth . Hamas officials accused Israel of assassinating Mahmoud al-Mabhouh . Israeli officials have not responded to those charges .	Authorities dispose of two barrels filled with explosives ; no injuries reported Islamic Jihad among groups claiming responsibility for barrels in Ashkelon , Ashdod Police close the beach , nearby areas to the public
Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki is the new women 's world number one after reaching the quarterfinals of the China Open . The 20-year-old overtook Serena Williams in the WTA world rankings following her comfortable 6-3 6-2 success over Czech Petra Kvitova on Thursday . The top seed knew that reaching the last eight in Berlin would ensure she becomes the first Dane to top the world rankings when the new list is released on Monday . Williams missed the tournament because of the foot injury she suffered following her fourth Wimbledon victory in July . The victory , Wozniacki 's 56th of an impressive season , means she becomes the 20th player in WTA history to hit the top spot and has been attained after tournament wins in Ponte Vedra Beach , Copenhagen , Montreal , New Haven and Tokyo . WTA Tour chief Stacey Allaster told reporters that Wozniacki was a worthy world number one , despite never winning a grand slam title . "  There are only two players this year that have reached the fourth round of all four grand slams events -- Caroline and Venus Williams , " Allaster told reporters . "  She has won more matches than any other player on tour this year and right now Caroline is the most consistent player over this 12-month period . " Wozniacki will face Ana Ivanovic in the quarterfinals after the Serb continued her recent good form with a surprise 7-6 7-6 success over seventh seed Elena Dementieva . Meanwhile , ninth seed Li Na of China also booked her place in the last eight with a 6-2 6-0 crushing of Germany 's Angelique Kerber .	Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki is the new women 's world number one tennis player The 20-year-old overtakes Serena Williams after reaching the China Open quarters Wozniacki defeated Czech Petra Kvitova 6-3 6-2 to ensure she topped rankings She becomes the 20th women to become world number one since the rankings were formed
CNN  -- For those that love the luxury of first class air travel but loathe the imposition of having to share it with others , Emirates thinks it has the aircraft for you . The Dubai-based airline is aiming for the high-end business traveler with a new luxury private jet service . Launched this week , Emirates Executive is a bijou and bespoke version of its premium product in a dedicated Airbus A319 . It can be chartered by individuals , groups or corporations through the website . Qatar Airways and Korean Air are two commercial airlines that offer a similar executive jet chartering service . "  We have seen an increasing demand in the private travel segment , especially in the Middle East and Europe as well as in markets such as India , Russia and China , " said Adnan Kazim , Emirates ' Divisional Senior Vice President for Planning , Aeropolitical & Industry Affairs . "  We are looking to tap into this niche market with the high quality of service and attention to detail . " The Emirates Executive Airbus A319 can accommodate 19 people , with the plane divided into two main zones . The front of the aircraft has a dining area and executive lounge designed to seat 12 people . Mechanically activated tables can be raised in front of two large sofas , while one of 1,500 channels of in-flight entertainment can be watched on two 42-inch LCD screens . The rear of the aircraft has ten private suites -- similar to the ones found in Emirates ' First Class cabins . Live TV , video conferencing facilities and high speed internet and mobile phone connectivity are also available on board . Passengers with an appetite can have specially prepared meals served on board by Emirates crew , while a full-height shower with heated floor is available for those who need refreshment after all that exhausting pampering . Google Street View explores the Airbus A380 While the world 's super-rich may still be able afford their own private aircrafts , the chartering of executive jets is a growing market . It 's certainly a more affordable option than buying a large private jet outright ; an Airbus ACJ318  similar to the Emirates Executive A319  or long-range Gulfstream G650 costs around $ 65 million from the respective manufacturers . While it took a big hit after the global recession that began in 2008 , the private jet market is on the rise . According to forecasts by Canadian private jet manufacturer Bombardier , the industry is expected to exceed pre-2008 levels for the delivery of new jets by next year . Read more : Private jets come within reach of business travelers North America , with around 40 % of the market , remains the biggest destination for private executive travel but the largest growth is expected to come from emerging regions in Latin American and Asia . Although hampered by lack of airspace and facilities , in the coming years China is expected to see a 15 % increase in number of private jets flying in its skies , according to Bombardier . The sector is worth $ 626 billion to manufactures like Embraer , Bombardier and Gulfstream . Boeing and Airbus produce executive iterations of their planes , including the 747 and A380 . David Velupillai , marketing director of executive and private aviation for Airbus says that their jets -- from A318s to superjumbo A380s -- can be fitted out according to their clients ' needs . "  We can do features which the Chinese market particularly appreciates , such as a large round table which is the focus of Asian life . We can do Karaoke bars , " he said . Read more : Gulfstream look for take off in China	Emirates Executive offers chartered flights on a luxury Airbus A319 Airline hopes to tap into a growing niche market , especially in emerging regions Plane-maker Bombardier forecasts the private jet market will exceed pre-2008 levels by next year
CNN  -- Roger Federer 's revival is gathering pace . The 17-time grand slam champion will seek his fifth title at the Indian Wells Masters event on Sunday , having breezed past 28th seed Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3 6-1 in a semifinal lasting just over an hour . "  It was one of my best serving days ever , " Federer told reporters . "  When you are serving like that , everything seems easier . I was just going for it out there . " The Swiss veteran , who won his fourth title in the California desert tournament in 2012 , will return to the top five in the rankings next week -- up three places . He will next face a tougher test of his abilities against world No. 2 Novak Djokovic , who he beat last month on the way to winning the Dubai title , also on an outdoor hardcourt surface . Federer , who has yet to drop a set this week , is seeking the 79th title of his illustrious career , and victory over Djokovic will put him fourth in the rankings . Dolgopolov had been trying to become the first player ranked outside the top 30 to beat both Federer and defending champion Rafael Nadal in the same tournament . "  I was ready physically , mentally , " said the Ukrainian . "  I was n't nervous much , but I was n't sharp enough . "  My concentration was going away for maybe one , two points every game , and you ca n't afford to have that in these matches . " Djokovic , who won the tournament in 2008 and 2011 , had to work a bit harder than Federer to beat 2012 finalist John Isner on Saturday . The Serbian avenged his defeat by the big-serving American at the same stage two years ago as he triumphed 7-5 6-7  2-7  6-1 in a match lasting two hours 23 minutes . He trails Federer 15-17 in their career meetings , but defeated him three years ago on the way to winning the title in the Coachella Valley .	Former world No. 1 Roger Federer reaches final of Indian Wells Masters tournament Swiss star has won the U.S. outdoor hardcourt event on four occasions He will next play world No. 2 Novak Djokovic , who has won it twice Serbian defeats American John Isner , beaten by Federer in the 2012 final
CNN  -- Two people who thought they were sailing toward a big payday ended up in jail and are suspected of drug smuggling , according to the U.S. Coast Guard . Crew members on the Coast Guard cutter Dependable noticed the 49-foot sailing vessel Elegance was "  riding suspiciously low in the water " in the Atlantic about 500 miles east of Cape Cod , Massachusetts , on Monday , a Coast Guard news release said . Coast Guard officers , who boarded the Canadian-registered boat after consulting with Canadian authorities , found more than 1,200 pounds of cocaine worth an estimated wholesale value of $ 20 million , the release said . The two people on the boat were arrested after the contraband tested positive for cocaine , it said . The suspects ' names and nationalities were not immediately made public . The Dependable , with the Elegance in tow , suspected smugglers in custody and the cocaine on board , arrived in Boston Friday . While the haul was big , it 's just a small part of the Coast Guard 's annual cocaine seizures at sea . The Coast Guard has seized 44,000 pounds of cocaine in the previous 12 months , the release said . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Coast Guard crew notices the 49-foot vessel Elegance was "  riding suspiciously low in the water " More than 1,200 pounds of cocaine worth an estimated $ 20 million is found on board , officials say Coast Guard has seized 44,000 pounds of cocaine in the previous 12 months
CNN  -- If , like us , you 've been wondering about the Red Viper 's vaguely Spanish pedigree , you may finally be getting an answer . A medieval castle in southern Spain will serve as the newest backdrop in the next season of "  Game of Thrones . " The staff of the Alcazar of Seville confirmed that the castle has been chosen as a filming site for the series , with shooting slated to begin in October . Although Alcazar staff did n't confirm the specific fictional landscape the castle will portray , various Internet reports speculate the castle will stand in for the Water Gardens of Dorne , the summer residence of House Martell . Barring flashbacks or resurrection  please ?  , we likely wo n't get to see the charismatic Red Viper , aka Prince Oberyn , in his native setting . But his elder brother , Prince Doran , should be holding court , and hopefully plotting devastating revenge for his brother 's explosive  in a manner of speaking  death in season four of the hugely popular fantasy series that pivots on blood feuds between rival kingdoms . The biggest champion of the series ' latest destination has been U.S. Ambassador to Spain James Costos , a former vice president at HBO , who announced the news Tuesday . No doubt Spain is excited to receive the flood of "  Game of Thrones " tourism that shooting locations in Croatia and Northern Ireland have experienced , although the Seville castle is already a popular destination in its own right . HBO has n't yet announced a premiere date for the fifth season of the program . Royal palace Built in 712 and designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987 , the Alcazar of Seville was originally built as a fortress and became a royal residence in 1248 . It still serves as a royal palace today , and is renowned for its Arabic influences and Mudejar art . "  We 've been working with them to organize everything and are really glad with their final decision , " an Alcazar representative tells CNN . "  We have broad experience in  filming  -- ` Lawrence of Arabia , ' ` The Kingdom of Heaven ' -- so we 're sure it 'll be a success for both parties . " In addition to the castle , more "  Game of Thrones " filming destinations in Spain -- most likely to do with story lines involving House Martell -- are expected to be announced .	Read no further if you have n't finished the last season of "  Game of Thrones " Alcazar castle in Spain will stand in for Water Gardens of Dorne Filming will commence in October Spain likely to experience "  Game of Thrones " tourism boom
CNN  -- The owner of a taxidermy school in Blanco , Texas , says he 's been receiving more phone calls and attention than he 'd like over the identity of a dead roughly 30-pound , mostly hairless coyote-like creature . This strange creature has sparked a media frenzy in Blanco , Texas . "  I do n't know what it is . ... I do know that I have an odd animal , " Jerry Ayer said Thursday . He said word spread quickly that he was in possession of an unknown animal -- often speculated in his region to be chupacabras , or mythical creatures , he said . Soon , the local , national and even international media picked up on what he said could be a "  genetically defective coyote . " "  Chupacabra " roughly translates from Spanish to "  goat sucker . " Reported victims are said to have puncture wounds to their necks , supposedly where the chupacabra drained their blood . Watch people examine mystery creature " "  I do n't believe in the chupacabra , " Ayer said , adding that he 's been in the midst of a "  media blitz " -- receiving 50 phone calls from media outlets and citizens , as well as death threats late at night -- since word got out about the strange beast . "  It 's been rough on me , " he said . "  I 'm almost at the point where I 'm going to take my sign down and hide under a rock somewhere . " He said he received the body from a former student whose cousin owns the barn where the creature succumbed to poison left for rodents . Before he knew it , he said , word spread that he had a chupacabra . Ayers , who does n't hunt and regards himself as a wildlife artist , said he intends to stuff and mount the animal . He said Texas A&M University has taken tissue samples to determine exactly what it is , and other universities have also reached out to him . "  It 'll probably end up in a museum , " he said . He 's hopeful the attention will soon die down . "  There 's no way I could teach with this , " he said , explaining that his school , Blanco Taxidermy School , generally gives one-on-one instruction in the town of about 1,500 people about 50 miles west of Austin . "  I 'm unable to do any of that right now just because of the media frenzy , " he said .	Word quickly spread about coyote-like body at Texas school Owner says he doubts it 's a legendary chupacabra He has gotten dozens of calls from media , residents Body came from former student ; it was killed in barn by poison
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration raised the stakes in the health care debate Monday , releasing a new blueprint that seeks to bridge the gap between measures passed by the Senate and House of Representatives last year . If enacted , the president 's sweeping compromise plan would constitute the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid more than four decades ago . The White House said it would extend coverage to 31 million Americans . Among other things , the White House said it would expand Medicare prescription drug coverage , increase federal subsidies to help people buy insurance and give the federal government new authority to block excessive rate hikes by health insurance companies . It increases the threshold -- relative to the Senate bill -- under which a tax on high-end health insurance plans would kick in . As with both the House and Senate plans , it includes significant reductions in Medicare spending in part through changes in payments made under the Medicare Advantage program . President Obama 's plan does not include a government-run public health insurance option , an idea strongly backed by liberal Democrats but fiercely opposed by both Republicans and key Democratic moderates . It also eliminates a deeply unpopular provision in the Senate bill worked in by Sen. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska , that would exempt his Midwestern state from paying increased Medicaid expenses . Administration officials said Obama 's measure would cut the deficit by $ 100 billion over the next 10 years . They estimate the total cost of the bill to be $ 950 billion in the next decade . The Senate bill would cost an estimated $ 871 billion , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , while the more expansive House plan has been estimated to cost more than $ 1 trillion . The release of Obama 's plan sets the stage for a critical televised health care summit Thursday with top congressional Republicans . The White House is trying to pressure GOP leaders to present a detailed alternative proposal in advance of the meeting . "  We view this as the opening bid for the health meeting " on Thursday , White House communications director Dan Pfeiffer told reporters . "  We took our best shot at bridging the differences " between the House and Senate bills . "  It is our hope the Republicans will come together around -LSB- their -RSB- plan and post it online " before the meeting . President 's health care blueprint Pfeiffer said Obama will come to Thursday 's meeting "  with an open mind . " The president 's willing to back decent Republican ideas if the two sides can have an "  honest , open , substantive discussion " in which "  both parties can get off their talking points , " he said . GOP leaders have indicated they will attend the meeting but have urged Democrats to scrap the Senate and House bills completely . They characterized Obama 's proposal Monday as setting the stage for a meeting that will amount to little more than political posturing . "  The president has crippled the credibility of this week 's summit by proposing the same massive government takeover of health care based on a partisan bill the American people have already rejected , " said House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  This new Democrats-only backroom deal doubles down on the same failed approach that will drive up premiums , destroy jobs , raise taxes and slash Medicare benefits . This week 's summit clearly has all the makings of a Democratic infomercial . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , released a statement calling the plan "  disappointing that Democrats in Washington either are n't listening or are completely ignoring what Americans across the country have been saying . " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs dismissed the GOP criticisms , arguing that Republican leaders had asked for this week 's meeting for months . "  If they 're not the party of no , Thursday 's the perfect venue to be the party of yes , " Gibbs said . Highlights of Obama 's proposal Under Obama 's plan : • The health and human services secretary would work with a seven-member board of doctors , economists and consumer and insurance representatives to review premium hikes . This Health Insurance Rate Authority would provide an annual report to recommend to states whether certain rate increases should be approved , although the secretary could overrule state insurance regulators . • New health insurance subsidies would be provided to families of four making up to $ 88,000 annually , or 400 percent of the federal poverty level . Compared with the Senate bill , Obama 's proposal lowers premiums for families making between $ 44,000 and $ 66,000 , according to the White House . Compared with the House legislation , it lowers premiums for families making between $ 55,000 and $ 88,000 . • The Medicare prescription drug "  doughnut hole " would be closed by 2020 . Under current law , Medicare stops covering drug costs after a plan and beneficiary have spent more than $ 2,830 on prescription drugs . It starts paying again after an individual 's out-of-pocket expenses exceed $ 4,550 . • A 40 percent tax would be imposed on insurance companies providing so-called "  Cadillac " health plans valued at more than $ 27,000 for families . The tax would kick in starting in 2018 for all plans . In contrast , the Senate bill would apply the tax to plans valued at more than $ 23,000 for families . The House bill does not include the tax , which labor unions vehemently oppose . • The federal government would assist states by picking up 100 percent of the costs of expanded Medicaid coverage through 2017 . The federal government would cover 95 percent of costs for 2018 and 2019 , and 90 percent in the following years . • Health insurance exchanges would be created to make it easier for small businesses , the self-employed and unemployed to pool resources and purchase less expensive coverage . • Total out-of-pocket expenses would be limited , and insurance companies would be prevented from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Insurers would be barred from charging higher premiums based on a person 's gender or medical history . • Individuals under Obama 's plan would be required to purchase coverage or face a fine of up to $ 695 or 2.5 percent of income starting in 2016 , whichever is greater . The House bill , in contrast , would have imposed a fine of up to 2.5 percent of an individual 's income . The Senate plan would have required a person to buy coverage or face a fine of up to $ 750 or 2 percent of his or her income . All three plans include a hardship exemption for poorer Americans . • Companies with more than 50 employees under Obama 's plan would be required to pay a fee of $ 2,000 per worker if the company does not provide coverage and any of that company 's workers receives federal health care subsidies . The first 30 workers would be subtracted from the payment calculation . As with the individual requirement , this represents a compromise between the House and Senate plans . • Some $ 40 billion in tax credits would be established for small businesses to help them provide health care options for their employees . • States could choose whether to ban abortion coverage in plans offered in the health insurance exchanges . Individuals purchasing plans through the exchanges would have to pay for abortion coverage out of their own funds . The White House is following the Senate 's lead . The stricter House version banned abortion coverage in private policies available in the exchange to people receiving federal subsidies . • Illegal immigrants would not be allowed to buy health insurance in the health insurance exchanges . They would be exempted from the individual insurance mandate . As with abortion , the White House is adopting the Senate 's language . CNN 's Dana Bash , Lisa Desjardins , Kristi Keck , Suzanne Malveaux , Alan Silverleib and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : House GOP leader : Health care summit has "  all the makings of a Democratic infomercial " Administration plan seeks to bridge gap between House , Senate bills President Obama 's plan does n't include public option Plan would seek to block excessive rate hikes by health insurance companies
CNN  -- Colorado shooting suspect James Holmes has offered to plead guilty and spend the rest of his life behind bars in exchange for avoiding the death penalty , according to court documents filed Wednesday . Prosecutors have not accepted the offer . Previously , they had said they would make a decision on whether to seek the death penalty against the 25-year-old Holmes at a hearing April 1 . "  Prior to arraignment , Mr. Holmes made an offer to the prosecution to resolve this case by pleading guilty and spending the rest of his life in prison , without any opportunity for parole , " the documents read . "  If the prosecution elects not to pursue the death penalty , then it is Mr. Holmes ' position that this case could be resolved on April 1 . " This month , a judge entered a standard plea of not guilty for Holmes , who is accused of opening fire at a Colorado movie theater that left 12 people dead and 58 injured on July 20 , 2012 . In the documents filed Wednesday , his attorneys said they are still exploring a mental health defense , "  and counsel will vigorously present and argue any and all appropriate defenses at a trial or sentencing proceeding , as necessary . " Holmes ' lawyers blast Colorado 's insanity defense laws "  Nevertheless , Mr. Holmes is currently willing to resolve the case to bring the proceedings to a speedy and definite conclusion for all involved , " they said . Holmes is charged with a total of 166 counts of murder , attempted murder and other charges . Federal agents have said the former University of Colorado doctoral student planned the attack for months . He began buying guns in May 2012 , allegedly building an arsenal of two Glock handguns , an AR-15 rifle , a shotgun and 6,295 rounds of ammunition . Authorities say Holmes booby-trapped his apartment with explosives , then traveled to the movie theater armed with the weapons , tear gas and body armor planning to kill audience members during a screening of "  Batman : The Dark Knight Rises . " Witnesses who spoke to CNN said the gunman roamed the theater , shooting randomly as people tried to scramble away or cowered between seats . "  This is not a ` whodunit . ' Everybody knows that James Holmes committed these horrible murders . The question is what punishment he will get , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  If they  defense attorneys  can get life in prison , they will consider this a victory . " Holmes ' trial date has been set for August 5 . ` Truth serum ' wo n't reveal mind of James Holmes	Court documents say prosecutors have n't accepted the offer James Holmes ' trial date is set for August 5 He makes the offer in exchange for avoiding the death penalty Holmes ' attorneys say they are still exploring a mental health defense
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Six unidentified men were found in a cargo truck at Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport during a random security sweep , officials said . Transportation Security Administration spokesman Jon Allen said the Transportation Security Administration , along with more than a dozen federal and state agencies , were conducting counter-terrorism exercises Tuesday when agents discovered the men . The men were handed over to two federal agencies -- Customs and Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Allen said . The men were illegal immigrants , said ICE spokeswoman Barbara Gonzalez . "  None of those encountered were in secure areas of the airport , nor did they have access to those areas , " she said . Gonzalez previously said all the men had been processed for removal from the United States , but she later clarified the statement . "  They have not been processed for removal at this time . We are still looking into the matter and there is an ongoing investigation , " she said . Gonzalez said five of the men were from Mexico and one man was from El Salvador . "  Additionally , our investigation has revealed that none of these individuals had any ill intent " against the United States , Gonzalez said . The security operation took place outside a cargo facility that has no connection to any airport terminals , and the sweep was part of a routine exercise carried out randomly at various transportation hubs , Allen said . "  We conduct thousands of these across the country on a regular basis . This particular operation was targeted to facilities carrying cargo , " he said . Agents were using a three-tiered method , including an X-ray machine , radiological detection equipment and bomb-sniffing canine teams , he said . "  Finding individuals in the back of the truck was not expected . "	NEW : The investigation is ongoing , ICE spokeswoman says NEW : The men have not yet been processed for removal from the U.S. , ICE says NEW : Five of the unidentified men are from Mexico and one from El Salvador The men were found during a security exercise outside a cargo facility
CNN  -- It seems as if we are in a time of unprecedented struggle over the meaning of women 's bodies and sexuality . Controversy is swirling about an American University professor who breast-fed a baby in class ; topless photos of Kate Middleton have been released ; and a Time magazine cover showing a mother breast-feeding her toddler sparked even more tittering in May . It is not just the breast that is contested : Pussy Riot , the punk band , was sentenced to two years in a Russian prison after a staged performance in which they did high kicks that showed too much of their bodies . They tried , from prison , to explain "  what pussy meant " and "  what riot meant . " Michigan representative Lisa Brown got into hot water -- and fought back -- for using the words ` my vagina ' in the Michigan statehouse . Michigan women supported her by standing in front of the statehouse with a giant "  V " symbol and spelling out the words ` VAGINA ' in pink letters . Young women in Tahrir Square protesting in the Arab Spring were punished by imprisonment -- and vaginal exams by armed strangers for "  virginity tests . " This is not so surprising when you understand the delicate brain-vagina connection that my new book documents -- female sexuality around the world is targeted because through traumatizing the vagina , you can intimidate women on multiple other levels . What is going on ? We are at an important crossroads in which it is becoming clearer to women around the world that , as one feminist artist put it , "  your body is a battleground . " Vagina enters stage left -- or is it right ? In a hypersexualized culture , in which porn is available 24-7 , it is not female nudity -- or discussion about vaginas or breasts or "  pussy riots " -- that is scandalous . Indeed , the female body has never been so commodified before , and female sexuality has never been so readily consumable in sanitized , corporatized formats such as pornography . Rather , what is still scandalous to our culture is when women take ownership of their own bodies . Staging a strip performance is not disruptive to social order in Moscow , but three punk poets using their sexuality to make a satirical comment about Russian leader Vladimir Putin is destabilizing and must be punished . Legislating the most intimate aspects of women 's reproductive lives , all the way to imposing transvaginal probes on them -- as states are doing across the country -- is n't shocking or obscene , because it is about taking away sexual control from women of their own bodies . What is shocking and obscene is when a serious person -- a legislator -- dares to take back ownership of her own self , with the scandalous words "  my vagina . " The issue is not the vagina , but who gets to say what becomes of it and who owns it . Porn 24-7 does n't threaten social control . Indeed , its addictive effects , in terms of new neuroscientific discoveries , actually turns out to be a kind of drug or sedative . This turns a potentially liberating sexual revolution into yet another marketable consumer product that hypnotizes people and is creating new health and sexual problems around libido , rather than setting them free . In the struggle over sex , these choices are where the struggle lies : Who decides reproductive rights ; who decides when and how breasts might be exposed ; who decides who can say vagina and where ; who decides who is a slut ; and who must be punished with hard labor for asserting their right to define their own sexual and artistic identities . The sexual revolution came and went , and yet women are still not as truly sexually free as they deserve to be -- here or around the world . They are not yet , as these struggles show , fully free to define the meanings of their bodies and their desire , to assert their sexual wishes without punishment -- including punishment by the state . And they are not yet fully free to claim the right to sexual pleasure and autonomy without enduring public shaming . Until that real freedom arrives , we can honor the pioneers such as Lisa Brown , Pussy Riot and the young women of Tahrir Square -- and keep up the fight to be free to name our bodies and ourselves . As gender and representation expert Dr. Emma Rees notes of the struggle over how one may speak about female sexuality : "  For until we have a language and a platform for talking honestly about women 's bodies and sexual drives , we 're doomed into a cycle of objectification and silence . " The views in this article are solely those of Naomi Wolf .	Author Naomi Wolf says recent controversies reveal biased views toward women 's bodies The Pussy Riot trial and Arab Spring protests showed women stripped of autonomy Women 's bodies are battlegrounds used to wage culture wars , Wolf says It 's scandalous when women take ownership of their own bodies , Wolf contends
Tea , that most ordinary of beverages , was once so highly prized that traders , travelers and seafarers risked their lives to bring the precious cargo from China to the rest of the world . Now , a small but growing band of tea aficionados is traveling across the country in pursuit of tea at its source , fueled by an appreciation of China 's ancient tea culture and traditions and a more modern interest in green methods of cultivation and artisanal production . Tea tourism within China is still a relatively new phenomenon , gaining traction in the last few years and generally associated with an educated and upwardly mobile Chinese middle class . For Chinese people , traveling for tea brings with it a certain cachet . "  In most public schools , there is no formal education about tea , so one 's knowledge of the subject proves you have traveled , and studied about tea on your own , " says tea guide Michael Wang . "  In others ' eyes , you are not only educated but cultivated . " ` Understanding begins with a single cup ' Tea expert and guide Tracy Lesh specializes in bringing Chinese tea culture to foreign travelers and expats within China -- a small portion of her clientele are Chinese people who appreciate her depth of knowledge . Lesh began arranging tea tours more than five years ago when she realized there was a growing interest in learning not just about the tea itself , but the culture surrounding it . "  Americans are overwhelmed and undereducated about Chinese tea culture , " she says . "  Many are n't aware of the benefits of loose-leaf teas and are mainly drinking teas blended with fruits and flowers . It takes a lifetime to appreciate tea , but understanding begins with just a single cup . " Chinese tea tourists tend to have a different focus than Westerners when it comes to visiting a tea area . Wang says non-Chinese look for a sense of adventure and do n't mind hiking into the tea terraces . They have a strong interest in seeing production methods firsthand and picking tea for themselves , but do n't yet understand the culture of tea . "  Foreigners have difficulty understanding the delicate taste of xian  savory  and huigan  sweetness  in tea , " Wang says . Chinese visitors , on the other hand , place an emphasis on relaxing and drinking tea without the need to hike into the tea plantation or pick leaves . They often use artisanal teas as gifts for building good business relationships and are interested in learning gongfu tea -- a refined way of serving tea involving proper vessels , brewing techniques and atmosphere that takes patience and skill to master . Like good wine , tea 's final flavor is influenced heavily by terroir -- the microclimate in which it 's grown . For those interested in taking a tea tour , below are three starting points , corresponding to three of China 's most well known teas , each different in climate , geography and taste . Longjing  Dragon Well  green tea Located just south of Hangzhou province 's beautiful West Lake , Longjing is home to China 's most celebrated green tea , which is the color of jade and has the fresh aroma of chestnuts and cut grass . The best time to visit the area is during China 's Qing Ming Festival  usually April  when most picking and roasting take place . Longjing 's tea villages and plantations -- many are open to the public -- are connected by a cycle pathway and bus route . Longjing is home to the China National Tea Museum . Among the temples , pagodas and gardens lining the shores of nearby West Lake sit many small tea houses where longjing tea can be enjoyed in a relaxed atmosphere . Hangzhou is reached by high-speed train from Shanghai 's Hongqiao Railway Station . Trains run every 30 minutes and take one hour . Tracy Lesh and Michael Wang arrange small group tea tours to the Longjing tea terraces year round  shanghaiandbeyond.com ; +86 159 009 03998  . China National Tea Museum , 88 Longjing Road , West Lake , Hangzhou ; +86 571 8796 4221 ; open 9 a.m.-5 p.m. , May-October 7 ; 8:30 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. , October 8-April 30 ; closed Mondays ; free admission Wuyi Mountain oolong tea Oolong tea , a fragrant partially oxidized tea midway between green teas like longjing and black teas like pu'er , has its origins in southern China 's Fujian province . The most famous of Fujian 's oolongs , da hong pao or "  big red robe " tea comes from Wuyi Mountain , a UNESCO-protected natural heritage site rich with rare and animal life , centered around the pristine Nine Twists River . Genuine da hong pao is picked from just a few ancient tea trees high on Wuyi Mountain and is unobtainable to all but the wealthiest and most influential , but oolong plantations in the surrounding hills produce wonderful teas too . Like wine , the terroir of these teas is demonstrated by oolong 's floral notes , which are subtly different according to the orientation , altitude and soil mineral content of the hillside on which the tea is grown . Nearby is the well preserved medieval tea-trading town of Xiamei and further afield are Fujian 's famed tulou -- ancient rammed earth roundhouses that hold up to 400 families inside . Wuyi Shan has its own airport with daily flights to and from major Chinese cities . China Base Travel runs three-day Wuyi Mountain and oolong tea tours year round . Wuyi Shan UNESCO World Heritage Site ; daily from 7:30 a.m. ; admission RMB 235  $ 38  for a two-day pass Southern Yunnan 's pu'er tea Pu'er , a fermented and aged black tea with a complex , earthy taste , is considered the pinnacle of all Chinese teas . Usually pressed into cakes , it 's allowed to age so that its complexity and depth of flavor increase over time  as does the price  , again drawing comparisons to wine . Pu'er has a fascinating trade history . Tea was carried , often on foot , overland on the ancient Tea Horse Road linking Yunnan and Tibet in exchange for the Tibetan mountain ponies sought by the Chinese for their hardiness . The area of southern Yunnan where pu'er is produced lies adjacent to Myanmar , Laos and the Mekong River . The region features an enormous protected native jungle and wild elephant reserve , a tropical and medicinal botanic garden , hills terraced with tea plantations and areas filled with wild tea trees that are hundreds of years old . There are daily flights to the regional capital , Jinghong , from all major Chinese cities , or you can fly directly into the smaller Pu'er airport  known as Pu'er Simao  . Pu'er tea tours can be arranged through Jinghong 's Mekong Café . Sanchahe Nature Reserve and Banna Wild Elephant Valley is 48 kilometers north of Jinghong ; daily , 8 a.m.-5 :30 p.m. Menglun Botanical Garden in Menglun is located 70 kilometers east of Jinghong ; daily , 7 a.m.-midnight	Tea tourism in China is relatively new , but growing in popularity among foreign and domestic travelers Like wine , tea 's final flavor is influenced heavily by terroir -- the microclimate in which it 's grown Three top areas for tea lovers are Longjing , Wuyi Mountain and Yunnan
CNN  -- Hunger strikes marked the start of the Hong Kong school year as students , parents , and teachers protested against what they perceive as Beijing-led interference in the public school curriculum . Thousands of protesters dressed in black gathered outside the government headquarters Monday ahead of a 5:00 p.m. deadline for the government to drop the "  Moral and National Education " subject or face further protests . Hong Kongers have decried the subject as an attempt to "  brainwash " impressionable young minds with pro-mainland-Chinese propaganda . Amid no response from the government , the Civil Alliance against National Education -- a coalition of concern groups -- declared that plans were underway to organize city-wide student strikes and teacher boycotts of the subject . Organizers also called for demonstrators to return to the headquarters every evening in a kind of "  Occupy " movement , adapted from the global protest against socioeconomic injustice . In a tactic uncommon in Hong Kong protests , by Monday evening , 13 protesters had joined a hunger strike outside the government headquarters , initiated by three teenagers Thursday who have since dropped out due to health concerns . Camped in tents , the mix of students , teachers , and scholars have vowed to remain there until the government withdraws the subject . A parent participating in the hunger strike , Linda Wong , told CNN : "  I want to safeguard for my child the environment in Hong Kong in the future , so my son can learn and think independently . " From Taiwan , Tiananmen activist Wang Dan posted on his Weibo microblogging account that he would engage in a 24-hour hunger strike to "  support Hong Kong 's opposition movement against educational brainwashing . " While the city 's embattled leader , Chief Executive C.Y. Leung , stayed clear of Monday 's protest , the territory 's Chief Secretary Carrie Lam addressed the crowd , urging broad discussion via the government consultation committee . "  There is no topic that the committee can not discuss with committee members and other parties , " Lam said . "  After discussions , according to the findings , we can bring independent and pertinent opinions to the government . " Alliance members have previously declined the government 's invitation to join the committee . Leung has said that there is a lot of room for compromise between keeping the subject and throwing it out . "  It 's very hard for the government to take any concrete action , " said Waiman Lam , an assistant professor specializing in civil society and social movements at the University of Hong Kong . "  The Hong Kong government is trapped between the Beijing government and the Hong Kong community , " she explained . "  I think most likely the government will not take any concrete action except reiterating that the officials are ready to talk to the protesters ; please join our committee and continue discussions . " The national education issue has been roiling the city for several months , most notably with a mass street protest on July 29 attended by 90,000 people  police cited 32,000  , sparked by the dissemination of a set of government guidelines for teaching the subject . Another mass protest took place outside government headquarters on Saturday , where organizers reported 40,000 participants while the police estimated a turnout of 8,100 . While the detailed content of the subject has not been determined , guidelines in a booklet called "  The China Model " distributed to schools by the government 's National Education Services Centre in July were widely interpreted as a basis for how the subject would be taught . The contents of the booklet inflamed longstanding fears of Beijing 's encroachment into Hong Kong 's affairs and freedoms by stating that China 's ruling party is "  progressive , selfless and united , " and ignoring major events such as the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre . The centre has denied accusations that the subject promotes "  brainwashing . " "  Hong Kong 's future and China 's future are inseparable , " said centre director Wong Chi Man . "  We will never be independent so we should learn to think the same way as China . Teachers should lead our children to think about Hong Kong 's future . " "  In the background , there 's a huge mistrust between the central government and the Hong Kong population in general , " said Lam . "  The demonstrations and the concerns about the national education reflect the continuing anxiety of the Hong Kong people toward the mainland 's politics and growing influence on Hong Kong affairs , " echoed Peter Cheung , an associate professor at the University of Hong Kong 's Department of Politics and Public Administration , who spoke to CNN after the July 29 protest . The uproar over the national education subject is reflective of anxieties being aggravated by the new government under Leung , which Cheung said "  lacks legitimacy in the eyes of many people . " "  C.Y. Leung without a doubt reflects a much more pro-Beijing background . If the curriculum was introduced by a more neutral administration , the issue may play out differently , " he said . The subject is due to be introduced this academic year in primary schools and next year in secondary schools . Each has a three-year period in which to roll out the subject in their classrooms . In Hong Kong , primary and secondary schooling comprises twelve years of government-funded education . A survey of more than 600 schools conducted by an alliance member , National Education Parents ' Concern Group , found that only six planned to implement the program in the first year . Of the others , 155 said they would introduce it but not in the first year , 118 said they would n't introduce it at all and 198 said they had n't yet decided what to do . Another 181 declined to respond . "  It 's the duty of every teacher , practically of every citizen to teach national education , " said Leung Kee-Cheong , the principal of the Fresh Fish Traders ' School , a primary school teaching the subject this school year . "  You should teach your children that they are Chinese , you should teach your children how China has developed , its history and culture . While you are doing this , you can criticize and speak of the good parts and the bad parts . " Lam said it remains to be seen how the protests will escalate and that government action "  will depend on the bargaining power of the opposition . " "  The question in how much social support  the protesters  can draw in , " Lam said , in regard to whether student strikes can be feasibly carried out . "  If the government does n't think these secondary students can constitute a political force opposing the government , including the policy itself , then can the students draw sufficient support from the community ? So it really depends on the consolidation of the alliance . " "  It seems that among the secondary school students , the extent of mobilization is not limited , but not extensive enough to call for a Hong-Kong-wide school strike , " she added . "  So I think the government has also done such calculations . " Tim Schwarz and Vivian Kam contributed to the report .	Protesters threatening student strikes , teacher boycotts if government does not drop Chinese civic education subject Residents have decried subject as attempt to "  brainwash " impressionable young minds with pro-China propaganda 16 protestors have participated in hunger strikes outside government headquarters Government is urging discussion , rather than keeping subject or throwing it out
CNN  -- A few days after my little brother received death threats , he and I jumped on top of la Bestia -- the Beast -- the train heading north , to escape El Salvador . The country that financed the armed forces seeking to kill our friends and family would be our destination for safety . And like the millions of people forced into migration , I was compelled to leave my home for the uncertainty and waiting unwelcome of the United States . I left on my last day of college before graduation and dedicated myself to guaranteeing the safety of my brother , still a teen not much older than the unaccompanied minors currently arriving en masse at the U.S.-Mexico border . Although I can not pretend to know their situation , I can see the faces of those we traveled with in the photos of those children crowded into detention centers . A family secret that changed his life Right-wing conservatives have fully seized upon this latest turn in the immigration debate to harp upon border security and scoff at troops unable to stop little children . President Barack Obama , who seems to have made it his mission to appease them in his first six years , would now do better to ignore them completely than to continue to step on the gas of his deportation apparatus . In a debate that has centered on criminalizing migrants and the act of migration , the faces of children , huddled and scared , hoping and vulnerable , defy vilification . Instead , they demonstrate what the President has declared but not yet acted on : Immigration is a humanitarian crisis . It is not to be met with soldiers , jails and handcuffs but with relief and aid . Opinion : How we can help kids crossing the border Intractable nativists , unable when confronted by these children to demonize people crossing the border , will turn to their equally favorite target -- demonizing the administration . One of the mouthpieces of anti-immigrant initiatives in the House , Rep. Bob Goodlatte of Virginia , insists on repeating the rumor that it was actually the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program and the misunderstanding of the prospect of immigration reform that caused the youths ' arrival . He would want us to believe that this Congress has made legalization look so promising that children who would have otherwise stayed put are making the journey across a continent to be one of its rumored beneficiaries . But like any magnet theory , it misses the primary factor of displacement . The push is stronger than any pull . The White House initially tried to dispel the bluster from the right . But the debate has reverted to the most common pattern in immigration policy : hyperbolic denunciations from the right , appeasement from the administration and near silence from the rest of the Beltway . To have a real conversation about children at the border requires understanding the humanitarian crisis , but it also requires addressing the dynamic among the United States and its neighbors . We must examine the reason people are being pushed to the north . Exactly what is happening in their home countries ? And what hand does the United States play in creating those problems ? Opinion : The right fate for immigrant kids My brother and I did not leave our parents behind , only to be assaulted on a monthlong journey north and witness the worst , including people dying , because we simply wanted to . We did not leave the work we had and the life we had started to build because we would be happier looking for jobs on the street and paying what we could to sleep in a living room . We came because it was our opportunity to survive , because counterinsurgency forces , known now to have been financed by the Reagan administration , fought a dirty war in El Salvador . It claimed the lives of 70,000 people and displaced 1 million more . I hope the plight of the children who have taken center stage in the immigration debate can shatter the myth that we can continue the conversation without considering our neighbors . The children have shown that proposals and issues of the debate have been inadequate . When I return to El Salvador , as a citizen of the United States , and I interview those who were deported for a soon-to-be-released study , the most common refrain people share is "  What choice do I have but to go north ? " The walls erected and the troops deployed and even the legislation that has been introduced do not answer that question and do not address people who desire to survive , harbor the hope for something better and see the possibility of neither .	Pablo Alvarado and little brother escaped El Salvador and death threats to go north Alvarado : Scared children at border show immigration is a humanitarian crisis He asks : What problems are pushing people north ? What hand does U.S. play ? Barriers , soldiers not the answer , he says ; we must address underlying problems
New Delhi  CNN  At least 25 people have died after consuming illicitly brewed liquor in villages in northern India , health authorities said Tuesday . As many as 125 people have been hospitalized in the state of Uttar Pradesh after drinking the toxic liquor Monday , according to officials . Thirteen of the patients are on life support , said S.N.S. Yadav , the chief medical officer for the district of Lucknow . Authorities fear the death toll could rise . At least 17 people lost their lives in Lucknow hospitals , Yadav said , adding that there were unconfirmed reports that others had died in their villages . In neighboring Unnao district , eight people died from drinking toxic liquor , according to its medical chief , Geeta Yadav . It was not immediately clear where the villagers got the poisonous alcohol . Authorities have ordered an investigation into the incident . 69 dead after drinking poisonous home brew in Mozambique	As many as 125 people have been hospitalized in the state of Uttar Pradesh Authorities fear the death toll could rise
CNN  -- No advanced seat selection , no changes or refunds . Sound like Spirit Airlines ? Nope . It 's Delta Air Lines ' new "  Basic Economy " fare , part of the airline 's new five-fare class of pricing starting March 1 . No longer content to just offer first-class and coach-cabin seating , Delta is splitting its aircraft into five fare classes . Travelers who want more than "  Basic Economy " will pay more -- Delta 's not saying yet how much more -- although that 's already the reality for many travelers . Passengers who are willing to pay to change their flights and check their bags -- so-called ancillary fees -- helped 26 passenger U.S. airlines turn a net profit of $ 12.7 billion in 2013 , up from a profit of $ 98 million in 2012 . Delta topped that list , collecting $ 1.67 billion last year : $ 840 million in reservation change/cancellation fees and $ 833 million in baggage fees . United Airlines came in second place with $ 1.38 billion in fees : $ 756 million in reservation cancellation/change fees and nearly $ 625 million in baggage fees . Delta hopes its new seating options will also be profitable . Note the options on the other end of the seating spectrum : The first-class cabin will be split into "  First Class " for domestic routes and "  Delta One " for long-haul international and certain cross-country domestic flights . The "  First Class " fare includes "  first to board " rights , preflight alcoholic drinks , snacks on flights longer than 250 miles and meals on flights longer than 900 miles . The "  Delta One " elite first class fare includes access to Delta Sky Clubs , full flat-bed seats on widebody aircraft , in-flight bedding , chef-curated menus , noise-reduction headsets and more . In the main cabin , customers will have choice of the "  Basic Economy " fare and two other fare classes . The "  Basic Economy " bare-bones coach fares will be available on domestic routes , and they 're already available in some areas where Delta competes with deep discounter Spirit Airlines . The "  Main Cabin " coach fares on domestic and long-haul international flights will allow seat selection at time of purchase and flexibility for flight changes . On long-haul international flights , the fare will include alcoholic drinks , meal service and a sleep kit . The "  Delta Comfort + " coach fare on all flights will include priority boarding and dedicated overhead bin space , alcoholic drinks , premium snacks , premium entertainment , up to 4 more inches of legroom and quilted seat covers . Travel enthusiasts are already debating the impact on the flying public . A three-way split in the coach question raises the question : "  Will these new economy fares be lower than previously , because you 're getting less ? " asked George Hobica , founder of AirWatchdog.com . "  Or will you get less for the same fare ? " And who will guard that dedicated overhead bin space for "  Delta Comfort + " travelers , Hobica asks . Already harried flight attendants trying to negotiate passengers in already crowded planes ? Aviation journalist Jason Rabinowitz argues that not much will actually change at Delta . "  The most interesting part of the  announcement  was a true definition of the new Basic Economy fare , which aims to directly compete with low-cost carrier Spirit , " said Rabinowitz , Routehappy.com 's data research manager . The routes the new fare is offered on are now clearly defined , but are still fairly limited . " Travel blogger Christina Saull likes the simplified fare benefits chart but is troubled by that basic fare . "  The lowest fare class does n't allow advanced seat selection ? " Saull asked . "  For some people , that might not be a big deal , but for a frequent flier who studies seat maps to choose the best seat on the plane , that 's a deal-breaker for me . That pricing structure seems Spirit-esque . "	Delta 's new fare structure will offer five in-flight experiences The bare-bones economy fare does n't include advance seat selection or allow changes The fanciest first-class fare includes access to airline lounge and chef-curated menus The plan takes effect March 1
CNN  -- Three Marines face court martial proceedings involving the alleged hazing of a Marine who committed suicide in Afghanistan in April . The case drew national attention when Rep. Judy Chu of California , the aunt of the Marine who killed himself , told a congressional committee about it in September . A Marine statement sent to CNN Thursday said the commanding general of the 3rd Marine Division , Brig. Gen. Frederick Padilla , had referred charges in the case against Sgt. Benjamin E. Johns , Lance Cpl. Jacob D. Jacoby , and Lance Cpl. Carlos Orozco III to a general court martial . The three allegedly berated and assaulted Lance Cpl. Harry Lew for falling asleep while on watch when he first arrived in Afghanistan , according to Chu and a Marine investigation of the incident reported by the Marine Corps Times . Lew committed suicide by shooting himself shortly thereafter . "  Harry 's death was a heartbreaking tragedy that could have been prevented , " Chu said Thursday in statement issued by her office . "  The decision by the Marines Corps to bring the three Marines before a jury of their peers brings comfort to the family and shows the military justice system at work . " In her September appearance at a House Armed Services Committee hearing , Chu said her nephew 's sergeant told fellow Marines in the unit to "  teach " the 21-year-old newcomer after he was found asleep on his watch . "  Lance Corporal Lew was beaten , berated and forced to perform rigorous exercise , " she said then . "  He was forced to do push-ups and leg lifts wearing full body armor , and sand was poured in his mouth . He was forced to dig a hole for hours . He was kicked , punched and stomped on . And it did not stop until 3:20 a.m. " Minutes later , she said , Lew "  climbed into the foxhole that he just dug and shot himself and committed suicide . " A military investigation report obtained by the Marine Corps Times said Lew killed himself with a two - or three-round burst from an M249 Squad Automatic Weapon in the early hours of April 3 . According to the Marine Corps Times story on the report , a message found on Lew 's arm , believed to be a suicide note , said : "  May hate me now , but in the long run this was the right choice I 'm sorry my mom deserves the truth . " The incident at Patrol Base Gowragi , in Nawa district , began with Lew failing to respond to radio calls late on the night of April 2 , the report said . A sergeant who found him sleeping told others that "  peers should correct peers , " it said , as reported by the Marine Corps Times . The report detailed how two lance corporals , whose names were redacted , berated Lew and ordered him to do exercises in body armor for four hours , with one of them stomping on Lew 's legs at times . One Marine kicked and punched Lew until being stopped by another , the report said . Less than an hour later , it said , Lew killed himself . "  At 0343 on 3 April 2011 , while crouching down in the fighting position he had just dug , LCpl Lew leaned over his M249 Squad Automatic Weapon as it pointed to the sky , placed the muzzle in his mouth , pulled the trigger , and intentionally killed himself , " the report said , according to the Marine Corps Times . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	The case involves the suicide of a Marine allegedly berated and beaten by peers The dead Marine was the nephew of U.S. Rep. Judy Chu of California Chu spoke about her nephew 's death at a congressional hearing in September
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department says long-term recovery and reconstruction efforts in flood-ravaged Pakistan could take "  many , many months , if not years . " "  The sheer impact still needs to be assessed , but will certainly be staggering , " said Dan Feldman , deputy special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , at a press briefing on Monday . Feldman , who surveyed the destruction by helicopter last week with a congressional delegation led by Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , described the damage as "  epic and devastating . " "  Agricultural fields , under water , " said Feldman . "  Roads and bridges , under water ; roads continuously disrupted by water , so impossible to move people or food or supplies out ; power plants literally under water . " Feldman said that in addition to the obvious need for immediate relief for what the United Nations describes as millions of displaced flood victims , the U.N. and other international donors will also need to focus on long-term recovery and reconstruction . "  We 're looking at ways that we can redirect already existing funds through Kerry-Lugar-Berman and others to meet the needs of flood victims as soon as possible , " Feldman said , "  so programs for livelihood , for clinics , rebuilding schools , infrastructure that we had already planned , which can be redirected to get to flood victims as quickly as possible . " Feldman was referring to the Enhanced Partnership with Pakistan Act of 2009 sponsored by Kerry , Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , and Rep. Howard Berman , D-California . The law commits $ 7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over five years and is earmarked for "  improving the living conditions of the people of Pakistan through strengthening democracy and the rule of law , sustainable economic development and combating terrorism and extremism , " according to the law 's sponsors . Feldman described "  a real galvanizing moment " last week , when greater amounts of contributions from the international community began to pour in . "  We 've seen over $ 700 million pledged , including our own $ 150 million commitment , from over 30 countries , and an additional $ 300 million in as yet undefined commitments from a range of other countries , " he said . Feldman said U.S. helicopters have evacuated close to 8,000 people and delivered more than 1.6 million pounds of relief supplies . Deaths are still relatively low at this point , "  at about the 1,500 , 1,600 mark , " said Feldman , but officials are concerned about communicable illnesses breaking out among the millions of displaced victims . The World Health Organization announced Sunday more than 200,000 cases of acute diarrhea have been diagnosed , and there are more than 250,000 cases of disease including scabies . Water levels remain quite high , Feldman said , though some are starting to recede . Broken dikes have aggravated flooding in some areas , he said .	Impact "  will be staggering , " says State Department official United States looking at ways to divert Pakistan aid to flood recovery Official praises last week 's increase in contributions from international community
CNN  -- The fall of dictatorships does not guarantee the creation of free societies . There is often a period in which we witness the legacy of tyranny . The Arab uprisings have overthrown tyrants in Egypt and Libya , but the populations and lawmakers have yet to grasp that democracy is not only about free elections but creating free societies . When sexual harassment of women increases on the streets of Egypt , when centuries-old shrines of Muslim saints are destroyed with explosives in Libya , when screenings of films such as "  Persepolis " trigger riots in Tunisia and Christian minorities across the Middle East feel under siege , then we must stop pretending that all is well with the Arab Spring . But all is not lost either . Arab societies are on a journey . They can easily take the wrong turn . The attacks on the American embassies in Libya , Egypt and Yemen are examples of the ongoing presence of intolerant , tyrannical actors in Arab societies . These are people who were born and raised in dictatorships . They are accustomed to thinking that a government controls its citizens -- that a film or documentary can not be produced without government approval . For decades , this has been the reality of their lives , and they strongly believe that the Western world and its citizens have a similarly controlling relationship between individuals and government . In light of this assumption , they hold the U.S. government responsible for the tacky and distasteful film produced by a right-wing Muslimphobe . News : Who is responsible for film at the heart of protests ? Little wonder , then , that Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has called for the prosecution by the U.S government of the filmmakers , and Egypt 's top cleric , Mufti Ali Goma , has called on the United Nations to forbid denigration of faiths . Morsy studied in the United States and Ali Goma regularly visits the West on the interfaith circuit , yet both men do n't yet grasp that religious freedom and the freedom of expression are inextricably linked in America . It is hard for younger Arabs not born into freedom to understand how individual liberty works in real life . The freedom to proselytize also guarantees the right to apostatize . Heresy and blasphemy are essential parts of free and democratic societies . Arab activists can not seek to emulate the West 's political and social achievements by looking at the United States and Europe today , but must observe and learn from the religious battles of 17th-century Europe , the smashing of the tyranny of the Roman Catholic Church , the ending of burning witches and the forbidding of hanging heretics . It is this history of unbolting the doors of dissent that led to the conditions in which John Locke and John Stuart Mill could write and think freely and then influence Thomas Jefferson and the other U.S. Founding Fathers . There are no shortcuts to freedom , except to learn from the mistakes of the West in the past . The Arab uprisings are not over yet . They are still unfolding and shaping the future . This culture of shouting and killing those with whom Muslims disagree must end . When the Prophet Mohammed 's companions shouted "  Allahu Akbar , "  meaning "  God is Greatest , " a popular slogan for those yelling outside embassies today  the prophet reprimanded them saying "  Our Lord is not deaf . " Bergen : Extremists and leaders incite violent protests When a Bedouin Arab entered the most sacred mosque of the prophet in Medina and violated its sanctity by urinating in this place of divinity , the prophet cleansed the mosque himself and forbade anybody from even reprimanding the Bedouin , let alone attacking the man . This is the way of the Prophet Mohammed . Where is this spirit of mildness , forgiveness and compassion amid Islamist activists today ? The millions of protestors last year in Arab capitals that chanted "  hurriyah , karamah , adala ijtima'iyya " or "  freedom , dignity and social justice " can not allow for the emotions of bigots to derail their revolution . Freedom is not only about majority rule , but ensuring that women , religious minorities and intellectual dissenters are able to flourish without fear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Husain .	Ed Husain : Arab uprisings have ousted tyrants , but citizens still do n't fully grasp democracy He says intolerance can endure among people reared under dictatorships He says they could learn from Europe 's 17th century religious battles Husain : Mohammed taught mildness , forgiveness . Where is that amid Islamists today ?
CNN  -- "  Waiting for Sunrise , " the new novel from acclaimed British author William Boyd , is an evocative mix of sex , spies and psychoanalysis . The story opens in Vienna in 1913 . English actor Lysander Rief is seeking treatment from a psychoanalyst for an odd sexual ailment . While in the Austrian capital he begins a passionate affair with another patient and it seems Lysander is cured . When the secret tryst takes a dark turn , Lysander is forced to escape Vienna with help from the British consulate . He 's not long in London when war breaks out and Lysander enlists in the army . Soon after , he 's approached by the men who helped him escape Austria with a proposition he is in no position to refuse . Morphing from actor to patient to soldier to spy , Lysander is plunged into the dangerous world of wartime intelligence as a covert operative . Fans of the author will love and recognize all the hallmarks of Boyd 's best books : a historical thriller , rife with espionage , set in the not-too-distant past , featuring an exotic and exquisitely drawn locale and a cameo from a famous historical figure , in this case Sigmund Freud . Boyd also made headlines last week when he was offered the chance to write the next James Bond novel . Boyd is no stranger to the spy thriller genre and an admitted Bond enthusiast and Ian Fleming fan . Accepting the job was , as he puts it , a "  no-brainer . " While Boyd is keeping many details of the superspy 's next adventure top secret , in an interview with CNN from his home in London he did give a few hints on what he has in store for 007 and talked at length about his new novel . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What was the spark behind "  Waiting for Sunrise " ? Boyd : It 's an odd accumulation of things . I was sort of obsessed with Vienna , particularly at the beginning of the 20th century . I 'd written a short story and a bit of a novel set there , and I was very interested in that period . Then I got a chance to go there to write an article about Egon Schiele , the tormented artist who died very young . So I went to Vienna for a few days and wandered around , and very early one morning I found myself at the Freud museum , which is his old apartment house , and I had this strange kind of Proustian shiver as I stood outside the front door waiting to be admitted , because it 's been kept exactly as it was pretty much . I thought I could have been here 100 years ago coming to seek psychiatric aid to cure whatever problem I had . I suddenly thought what must that have been like to have come to a psychoanalyst all those years ago , and that was the beginning of the novel . It was a good moment . CNN : You invented your own psychotherapy for the novel ; tell me a little more about "  parallelism . " Boyd : I thought , should I just use one of the recognized therapies that Freud and Freudian analysts use ? And I thought no , it would be much more fun to think up my own . So I came up with this idea of parallelism , which is surprisingly plausible , I think . We do it all the time , we have false memories , we misremember our past . The past is a very vague and blurry place for us . So it seemed to me to be possible to go back into your memories and reinvent them . To replace bad memories with highly detailed new memories , trying to erase the trauma and the neuroses and leave you with something benign . That 's a very simplified version of it and you would need to be guided by a therapist but fundamentally parallelism is creating a parallel life for yourself where the bad things did n't happen and only good things took place . See William Boyd discuss "  parallelism " in his new novel CNN : You 've included a number of real people in your novels , Sigmund Freud , Ernest Hemingway and Ian Fleming among others . What draws you to these historical figures ? Boyd : All these people I 've written about , like Virginia Woolf , Picasso and Chekhov are all people I 'm very intrigued by , sometimes in a good way , sometimes in a slightly malicious way . I 've become quite interested in the New Zealand writer Katherine Mansfield , so she may appear in one of my fictions . I 've often invented fictitious events in real people 's lives . Wherever my interest takes me , I 'm capable of imagining aspects of these people 's lives or imagining a portrait of them that is very much mine rather than something handed down by biographers or history . It 's very much a capricious way for me to get some of my prejudices or fan worship on the page . CNN : You 've been asked to write the next James Bond novel ; what was your reaction when they approached you ? Boyd : What an opportunity , particularly as I 'm sort of steeped in Ian Fleming 's world and the world of espionage . I 'm relatively at home in it and I know a lot about Fleming and his life and his circle . I read all the Bond novels as a younger person but now I 'm furiously re-reading them with great intent . So it was a great serendipitous opportunity that came my way because you ca n't audition for it , you ca n't volunteer to do it . You either get asked or you do n't . So when they said , "  Would you be interested ? " I said , "  You bet . " I 'm really looking forward to it . It 's going to be great fun , but I 'm also going to take it extremely seriously . I 'm going to try to write the very best Bond novel I possibly can and take the character to places and situations he has n't been before . CNN : What do you have in store for the super spy ? Boyd : I 'm going to be annoyingly tight-lipped about it . I can tell you it 's going to be set in 1969 . Ian Fleming died in 1964 at the very young age of 56 . So it 's quite conceivable if Ian Fleming had looked after himself a bit better , he might have been alive in 1969 and writing a Bond novel . By setting it then you 're very much in the world of Fleming 's Bond . The resonances of the Bond that Fleming created still would influence the Bond that I would write about . That to me is the real appeal . Somehow you 're imagining a kind of vicarious life for Ian Fleming , whereby he might have been able to pen another James Bond novel . It 's very much tapping into the world we 're familiar with . The Cold War was alive and well and in some ways that 's the great age of spying , and I know a lot about that period of espionage history . So to be able to plonk down an iconic figure like Bond in the late '60s is a wonderful bonus . Read an excerpt from "  Waiting for Sunrise "	"  Waiting for Sunrise " is a new novel from acclaimed British author William Boyd The story , set in Vienna in 1913 , goes from an analyst 's office to the middle of war Boyd , on being asked to write the next James Bond novel : "  I 'm furiously re-reading them "
CNN  -- A 20-day state of emergency was declared Saturday in the Kazakhstan 's oil city of Zhanaozen after violent clashes between police and striking oil workers left 10 people dead . The clashes , which injured police officers and involved looting and burning , occurred Friday as the former Soviet state celebrated its 20th anniversary of independence , according to Russian and Kazakh state-run media . "  In order to restore the economy of the town of Zhanaozen , restore the facilities that were burned down and , most importantly , ensure the security of the citizens , I am issuing a decree on the introduction of the state of emergency in the town of Zhanaozen according to the constitution and the law on the state of emergency , " President Nursultan Nazarbayev said in a statement . "  It will be in force for 20 days , beginning today . If we are able to resolve all issues before then , and if calm is ensured , it can be rescinded at any time , " the president said Saturday . The Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported Friday that eyewitnesses saw police fire upon unarmed striking oil workers in the country 's western oil city , an accusation denied by authorities . Eyewitnesses claim police fired on unarmed striking oil workers in the western town of Zhanaozen on Friday , a charge denied by the authorities . The opposition Social Democratic Party  OSDP  called for an emergency panel to investigate , and the commission should be made up of "  senior officials , striking oil workers , and representatives of the public and press , " the Russian news agency reported . The violence erupted as police tried to clear protesters from the town 's main square that was occupied by workers for more than six months , the Russian agency said . The president provided a different account saying "  a group of hooligans " attacked "  peaceful citizens " gathered on the central square to commemorate independence . "  In response to the demands of the police to stop their illegal actions , the group of hooligans attacked police officers seeking to seize their weapons . Yet , the police officers did not allow that to happen , " Nazarbayev said . The mayor 's office and a nearby village 's administrative office , a hotel and an office building were burned during the violence , the president said . Also torched were cars , he said . Banks , ATM machines and shops were looted , he said . "  A total of 46 facilities were attacked . In that small town , almost all facilities were attacked , burned or destroyed , " the president said .	Ten people were killed when police and striking oil workers clashed in Zhanaozen The violence occurred as the country celebrated independence day The president says a 20-day state of emergency in the town could end earlier
